My husband and I live a couple of blocks away from this charming piece of history. The menu is very limited (hamburgers and hot dogs) but everything that can be gotten from a local grower or manufacturer is. They have a great variety of Southwestern toppings that they will chop and grill freshly for every burger and dog. The fries are freshly cut and delicious. The guys that run the diner are friendly and the prices are reasonable. The hours are from 11 am to 3 pm Monday through Saturday and it is a cash only operation (my only complaints!). The counter inside is tiny and seats less than 10. There are some tables outside, and a take-out window. When we were there, Matt, the owner of Matt's Big Breakfast, was also getting lunch, and it was great to hear how a number of the owners of the downtown small restaurants and shops are long time friends and all support each other. Quaint places with young, hip owners, offering high quality food and goods make us feel positively about living in an often maligned part of town. We'll be back often to support the Welcome Diner.
Make sure not to zone out while you're driving to the Welcome Diner or you'll zip right past it (as my friend and I did).  It's right on the corner of 10th Street & Roosevelt in a cute little red and white dining car.  There are a few parking spaces behind the diner on 10th Street.  I would check the hours, as I think I was told differently than the hours posted in the other review.

My friend and I went to the diner on a Saturday afternoon and were able to get seats inside at the tiny counter.  I'm sure as it gets warmer, those will be harder to come by and that when the weather is nice, most people sit outside.  It is indeed a tiny space on the inside and half the seats have a direct view into the kitchen area, which is kind of homey.  I'm pretty small, so the size inside wasn't an issue for me, but claustrophobes and bigger people might feel squished.

I ordered a hamburger and fries and my friend got an egg sandwich.  The burger was pretty good, but relatively small in comparison to what's generally served at restaurants.  If you're really hungry or a big eater, you'll probably want to go for the double burger.  The fries were good - nice and crisp.  My friend was pretty happy with her egg sandwich but unhappy with her cup of water, which was apparently pretty bad even for tap water.  They have a bunch of organic sodas, along with Coke and Diet Coke, if you're like me and can't wash down a burger and fries with anything but a carbonated beverage.

Overall, I thought it was a pretty cool place and will definitely return with more friends in tow.  (Possibly for one of their movie nights...movies + tasty food = a good time).  Bonus points for their helping with the downtown rejuvenation while also supporting local businesses (Schreiner's, Mary Coyle's).
If you're looking for the unique, quirky, off the beaten path side of Phoenix, come to the Welcome Diner.  With 9 stools around a bar near a hot kitchen, it is a small place with a lot to see.  The cooks are very friendly and talkative, and will give you their opinion on their dishes if prompted.

Try the classic cheeseburger, fries, and soda - it's definitely a favorite.

The Welcome Diner is definitely small, but worth the wait (if there even is one.)  It is truly a treasure to the historic Garfield district.
Super cozy diner.  It's small and doesn't have much of a street presence so it's fairly easy to miss if you aren't paying attention.  The diner is a classic boxcar that stays true to it's roots.  The outdoor seating area looks quite enjoyable for a late night snack, though I'm not sure if they are open that late.  Gotta love the outdoor ordering window.  You're best best inside is if you can catch a seat at the corner of the counter.  You not only get a great view of the chef doing the cooking but have a nice fat fan behind you to cool you off.  

We arrived shortly after it opened and chatted with the cook to get his suggestions on what to order.  Very friendly and funny.  The counter's got various coffee table books full of quotes and handy worst case scenario answers.  

I had the Garfield which was a fried egg sandwich specialty.  I can't really recall all the ingredients but the salsa in the sandwich was amazing.  My girlfriend ordered the grilled cheese and it was knock out.  Prepared with olive oil, it was by far one of the best grilled cheeses I've ever had.  The french fries were done just right and the seasoning on them really hit the spot.  The total for both of us including a couple of ice teas was under twenty dollars.  A great deal anywhere.

Just a friendly reminder that it is CASH ONLY!  I had to run to a couple of nearby gas station ATMs since the first was out of order.  Pretty embarrassing but the chef didn't seem to mind and trusted us to return.  Can't complain about any part of the meal and would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Phoenix or any locals that have been snoozing on this gem.
GRREAT place!

The burgers and fries are great (although as previously stated the burgers are a little small but the quality makes up for it) ... (I've posted a picture)

**** note they don't take credit/debit cards ****

The neighborhood isn't the greatest but no biggie.

I have to say best part was the service!  After ordering and telling them I'd eat outside they asked if I had a dog, I said yes, and he said "I'll get you a bowl of water before anything else."  SOOOOOO cool!

They CLEARLY take GREAT care an food prep ... they wear latex gloves and unlike other like places .... when dealing with the money part they take off the gloves!

Highly recommended!!!
Quaint little diner - a great example of kitschy 50s Americana. It's the sort of thing 5 & Diner tries to be, only more authentic. The menu is very simple and it's nothing you couldn't get elsewhere, but the food is very good. You didn't really come here for the food though, did you... no, you came here for the atmosphere...

I went during the summer and it was pretty hot inside the little box. There were some fans working overtime to help compensate, but with the cramped quarters, the dining area is pretty close to the stove. 

You can tell that for the people that own and operate this joint, it's definitely a labor of love. It's such a warm and inviting place to go. I can see eating here once in awhile for the experience, but it's not the kind of place I could see myself eating regularly... maybe it's because I don't live in the neighborhood. People in walking distance would definitely become addicted to the place. 

I really enjoyed the food here. There were funny little books available for us to read and there was a notebook where customers could draw in. The whole thing was something I'll always remember... fondly. You owe it to yourself to at least check this place out once.
Update:  
After reading the talk thread on yelp about the welcome diner I am so happy that they are not closing!  Turns out they decided not to and now are going to open a second one in the not too distant future.

I am so sad that I came here on the last day that this little diner will be open.  I was introduced to this place by a friend of mine who is a regular patron.  It was a nice Saturday afternoon so we ate outside and I think the little diner (with 8 seats) was full.  I had a single patty cheeseburger and the favorite and a coke.  The favorite is fresh cut fries with peppers, onions and a few other things that made this a delicious side dish.  It was all soooo good... I am glad I had the opportunity to try it.
This place couldn't be any cooler if it was renamed "Jules Winfield's Welcome Diner"

People.  Just take a gander at the picture offered here on this page and tell me what would stop you from going there to eat an unbelievably delicious basket of fries and burger, each such perfectly seasoned to compliment one another, its as if this stuff was made from the craftsmanship of a gastronomic grill master.  The burger easily beats out even cult-status places like Delux or In n Out, and their handcut fries are subtly crunchy and salty.  Their salsa burger topping absolutely rocks the block.  And I don't know if their ketchup is made by the Magical Man from Happy Land who lives in a gumdrop house on Lollipop Lane, but something about it slaps a toothy grin on my head.

The picnic tables outside make you feel like you are doing something productive while you gorge yourself.  Like its okay to ingest a thousand calories as long as you are given the impression that you are on a hike or something.  But whatever.  Its all class.

My only beef (Heh.  Pardon the pun.)  is that Welcome Diner is closed on Sundays and that they force me to battle the tweakers at the 7th and Roosevelt Circle K as I spring for a pack of P-funks and a $20 bill due to their 'no cards' policy.  It would also be in my best interest if they started serving micro-brews from Oregon or Happy Land.  That would be right good.
So a couple of months ago my co-worker and I were on a dangerous mission to find the one great burger in town. After months of search and going into some of the seediest joints in town, we arrived at Welcome Diner, I was a bit skeptical that this place could produce a burger  that my co-worker and I were so desperately seeking, but oh how rad being wrong is, they knocked the shit out of my taste buds with there burger, I got a double with cheese with a fried egg on top (old school son), I literally finished the burger before my co-worker got his (which was like 5 seconds later) , a true delight. 

If you go bring cash money thats all they take, also its a small joint so don't go brining like 40 of your office buddies you'll look like a tool.
Wonderful little burger joint!!  Very simple menu: hamburgers, hot dogs, and (Garfield) fried egg sandwich.  Everything is fresh and the burgers are like a thing from the past (fabulous)!!!!  Very little in and outside seating- most importantly its cash only!  Worth the drive! and an experience you shouldn't miss!
Big thumbs up for this place. Great spot for burgers and dogs!
The Welcome Diner is, in a word, welcoming! The folks who work there are super friendly and great to talk to. It's a small and intimate little place so expect to have some cool conversations with other patrons. 

Be prepared with cash and a sweatband (or five!). In the summer heat, it's a bit hot in there, but everyone looks a little sexier with a bead or two of sweat on their forehead, no? 

I got a grilled cheese (made with lettuce, tomato & bread n butter pickles) and fresh cut fries that are to die for. Way better than In N' Out's just so you know. And the chocolate chip cookie. Oh how its nutmeg danced on my taste buds! I liked it. A lot a lot.

They get everything they can from local & organic growers, have phenomenally yummilicious bread and even Mexican Coca-Cola. Hooray for real sugar cane! Too bad I realized this after I ordered a diet coke. I'll splurge on some calories if it means I get to drink from a glass bottle any day.

I'm so glad my friend showed me this place. It is a definite gem and I will definitely be back. When it cools down, I may even bring the pooch along and sit outside near the kiddie pool. Fun! 

If you haven't yet, grab a friend and try this joint out pronto.
I brought my dad here a couple of weeks ago, just on a whim. I'd been once before when the previous owners still had the place, and I had been itching to go back. 

We went for an early lunch so we were able to sit inside. The staff is friendly, and I think my dad enjoyed the fact that every time the waitress turned around, her rear end was right in his face. Dirty old men in close quarters. What can you do? 

The food was great- I had the grilled cheese (minus pickles), he had a burger and we both had fries. I loved the grilled cheese- it was perfectly charred- and he had no complaints about the burger, which is a rare thing. The fries were perfection and I may have even dreamed about them that night. 

I can't imagine eating here would be too fun in the middle of the summer, as most of the seating is outside, but it's a great little lunch spot, and they're also open late on First Fridays. Good to know, since getting food anywhere else downtown on a First Friday is next to impossible. 

I'll definitely be back.
Sort of a novelty, very unique, very small...this place does burgers and a quick lunch very well.  Not suggesting bring all your friends becaue the space is limited but for a quick bite to eat, this place is suitable.
Dear fucking lord I am not going to eat again until next Thursday.

A friend took me here for lunch today, in exchange for a little 'puter help. The cook is a friend of hers, he just said, don't worry I'll make something you like.

Next thing I knew I had a Scheiners freshly made hot dog, grilled, split open, on a bun... with a fried egg an some of their pepper concoction on top. One of the best things I have ever ever eaten. 

As others mentioned, the fries are sliced to order and fried to a super crisp.

The eggs are organic. The menu is tiny, it's diner food, but the food quality is very, very high. 

Has a few bites of a freshly made pear pie.... oh my.

I will be back, but not that often, otherwise I'll be a lardass. (again)
Dirty.

So dirty.

Hair in the french fries dirty.

Cook sitting on the counter dirty.  

Undercoooked hamburger meat, and the server's fingers in my food dirty.

Flies on the lip of the water pitcher dirty.

Somehow these guys think that if you wear gloves you are spared from all contamination.  As if scratching your ass with your gloves on will keep the ass germs from getting in your food.  

I've been there before, and have tried to look past all these things, when eating such delicious food, but really, it's not worth it anymore.
I totally heart the Welcome Diner because:

There are 7 seats. Maybe 8. (inside)

The cook (Andy?) is super friendly and apologizes if it takes more than mere moments to get your food.

The Garfield fried egg sandwich will knock your little socks off.

If the Garfield knocks your socks off, then the french fries with onions and peppers will knock everything off you, leaving you happily, nakedly enjoying you food.

And because there are only really like 5 menu items. Eggs somehow, hamburgers somehow, hot dogs somehow, french toast in a cup (what? yes) , and some other thing maybe. 

Normally I hate cash only, but this gets a pass. It seems right to pay cash.
I have been here 3 times. 2 times to eat and once I forgot cash. The first time was not great the fryer was down and the fry's sucked. 

The 2nd time was a little better. Except the food inspector was there. Normally this is a non-issue but in a diner car that serves 9 you hear and see everything. 

We ordered 2 doubles and 1 fry and a bottle of coke. One burger was made incorrectly as they added grilled onions to both. I was feeling generous and did not ask for a new one. (I should have though, I do not care for onions on the burger) The fry's were good, in fact I could have eaten another order. 

The cook Andy and the waitress were so frazzled by the inspector they kept forgetting things like opening the bottle of coke, ketchup, other peoples meals, the "regular" got a double when he ordered 2 singles and made sure Andy knew it was 2 singles...

The other "regular" looked as if she rolled out of bed, smoked a J, slapped her over sized headphones and Ipod in her PJ pocket and rode her bike here. She totally dumped her bike in the front, like she owned the place. Andy asked several times for her to move it but pot head didn't get it. 

Andy asked the other regular to do something for him discreetly since the city guy was there, not sure what but he was outside for a while. 

 I like Welcome but with 2 issues in 2 visits I dunno If I will be back.
this is probably the coolest diner in downtown phoenix. all organic ingredients, a kickass interior (it's super small, but totally rad), and great people working. say hi to the bearded jewish cook, andy, and he will make your food just the way you want it, and also, with love.

the food is totally cheap and tastes exquisite. you can also eat outside, if you want. 

it's located on a nondescript corner in a residential area, so it's easy to miss, but this place is definitely worth checking out if you're downtown.

also, the hours up there ^^ say it's open until 5, but i am pretty sure they close at 3.
If know about the Welcome Diner, chances are you've heard about it by word of mouth or just stumbled across it by chance. Regardless, this place is one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix. Everything in the place feel like you stepped into David Lynch's mind while having happy thoughts. The place is super small (8 seats) but that just adds to the authenticity of eating in what might one day be a museum piece of 1950's culture.

The food is incredibly good and surprisingly cheap. If it's the right day, be sure to see if they're making veggie burgers and ask for a float too. The staff is also really chill and make sure that you're satisfied. They offer everything: good food, good atmosphere, and a good experience.

I just wish they had later hours....
Retro setting, organic food, and friendly service.

FOOD
Well, it's a diner so you have burgers, fries, grilled cheese, etc to choose from. The burgers have always been cooked as I like them (whatever your preference is...) The fries are organic potatoes, cut daily- sometimes a little on the brown side in appearance but they always taste good. 
Grilled cheese is great- not too greasy like some places. 
There are sodas and iced tea to drink- both organic.

ENVIRONMENT
8  seats inside and outdoor seating availible. I would recommend eating outside if it is nice- sometimes inside is crowded and everyone can hear everyone else's business. 

OTHER
Bring cash, no cards accepted. If your service is good- tip them. They are really nice!
I can't stand 50's retro but this place is the cuteness. Well...I haven't technically been inside. Now, I knew this was a hipster hangout, but I wasn't expecting the cute girl in the apron or the boy with tattoos to actually be working on the other side of that window. They didn't seem to mind that I was slightly drenched in sweat having walked there under the sun of a blazing March afternoon. They were quite nice and gave my sister and I a bowl of water for our doggies. Tattoo boy said he would even make us more fries if we wanted. The fries ($2) were not the best  and neither was my grilled cheese ($4) with tomato (yum!) and pickles (?). However, the food had a nice home-made quality to it and was all ready in about a minute. Peeps are right about the high-quality ingredients and the food is inexpensive. Holler.

P.S. Don't forget the Ca$hM0nayyy
or to borrow from a sibling!
Okay...I have been going here for a while and I love the place and the food!  I am surprise it hasn't had as many reviews as it should.  The truth is I come back to support local businesses in my neighborhood...I would come here anyday than go to a Fast Food burger joint..

The trailor that the restaurant is in is the cutest thing you will ever see...straight out of a 50's picture!  Its small but fitting...

The food is very fresh..I love their cheeseburgers and hotdogs..I sometimes even get some of their mango salsa/chutney on the side..they get it from this lady that homemakes it..
Not the cleanliness place but I guess thats what makes it tastes so great!!:)  Its the extra grease...I know that just sounds horrible, but true!

Anyways, support locals and their businesses...go go go!!!
We ate lunch there on a weekday in early 10/04.  The Welcome is a restored 1930s diner and seating consists of just nine (counter) seats.  It's definitely cramped, but that means you'll get to converse with your neighbors.  The menu is quite limited, although the food was good.  However, they don't give you plates and the food was *very* greasy (our sandwiches came on a piece of waxed paper and the grease quickly soaked through the paper onto the counter).  The other thing I didn't like, was that you had to *buy* (bottled) water if that was your drink of choice.  They had a cook, a helper and a waitress working in a VERY tiny space....the waitress was o.k., but the cook and helper were pretty friendly.  It seemed that everyone but us was a "regular", which was kind of fun; we had an amusing conversation with the three guys (co-workers) who sat nearest us.
Maaaan, this place is tiny. Once you get past the fact that there's nine seats, and the griddle takes up about 30% of the building, you realize that this is one of those special little haunts that makes cities cool. It's totally off the beaten path, but just three blocks from First Friday mayhem. You could drive right by and never even notice it (I had about 15 times). 

Inside it's surprisingly sparce, considering it's about 75 square feet. There's no AC, just a few well-placed fans on full blast. I went in the middle of the afternoon in July and felt pretty comfortable, especially considering the kitchen IS the place. 

And the food... you want greasy, delicious, messy, rich, heavenly sinful pig-out fare? What's that? You want it at dirt cheap prices and with friendly service? It's perfect. The cheeseburger is oozing cheddar, the fries are sliced about four seconds before they go into the fryer and they have french toast in a cup. Need I say more?
*nom nom nom!*  Mm, this place is the perfect eatery for a lazy Sunday, or if you are skipping school or work as it's quite naughty.  One of those mimosas and bloody marys in the morning kind of days.  The Garfield is extremely satisfying and the french toast in a cup is genius, if a bit sticky.  But since we are being naughty eating here a little stickiness is probably appropriate!  It is tiny tiny, but I find it amusing rather than annoying.
Remember to suck in your gut when entering and exiting this place. It doesn't bode the largest establishment around, and if you show up at the wrong time you might be sitting outside in the sun in anticipation. 

I have been to this place several times and have not been disappointed once. I would suggest something for you to try, but I can't decide on any specific thing that is better than the other. The cup of sweet toast is a must try. My face literally melted off in delight. The burgers and fresh-cut fries are in my personal epic category. The egg sandwich is ridiculous. Really the only knock to this place is it's size. If I didn't need a crowbar to get myself out of the building each time I go, then it might be better. 

Seriously people, go here. Eat here. Revel in your trip to the land of gluttony. I love this little cramped trailer and it's treasure trove of goodness.
For those that haven't heard, Payton Curry has taken over Welcome Diner April through May on Sun, Mon, Tues, and First Fridays. Get there... now. Payton is known for pushing limits and incorporating fresh, local ingredients. The menu will likely change every week, if not every night, so I'm not sure if my recap will help all that much, but here goes.

The neighborhood is sketchy, the place is tiny, and the accommodations are "rustic", so if you're all into the Scottsdale scene or flashing your dough, don't bother. That being said, Shantal mentioned that being there made her feel like she was camping every night, and I have to admit the evening had a vacation feel to it... National Lampoon's style!

You can instantly tell that Payton is having a blast and it shows on his face and in the food. We were seated on a collection of old dining chairs at a makeshift table of 2x8s and construction horses in the middle of the front yard, with a candle to light our way... I knew it was going to be a sweet evening!

We started with the burrata that was lightly seasoned with truffle oil and cracked pepper. Unfortunately a lot of people are adding burrata to their menus and they have no idea that this fresh, creamy, delicate version is how it's truly meant to be. It was served with slices of toast that I expected to be the brick-hard version to which I've become accustomed. Imagine my surprise as I bit into a spongy, buttery slice of bread with just a crunch of the crust! Delicious.

The porcini foie gras terrine will scare those faint of heart, but it's amazing and the pear butter adds this velvety, sweet flavor that just makes it unforgettable. I wasn't a fan of the pate', but it was a combination of pickle, horseradish, and mustard flavors with chunks in the loaf... all things I can personally only handle in moderation individually and generally dislike, so it was exactly as described. The mains arrived and the Sonoma lamb sugo proved to be an interesting choice. It's not something you would eat on a regular basis, but I'm so glad I got to try it. The shreds of lamb meat were piled on top of a bowl of hearty fettuccine with perfectly cooked chickpeas and dollops of cream that muted any gaminess of the meat. Then you would get a bite of golden raisin to kick in a touch of sweetness; pretty cool combination of flavors and textures without being over the top.

Perhaps the biggest surprise of the night was the bowl of Bolognese that was planted in front of us, it blew me away and I have no idea why!! Payton, what's your secret with something so simple? Dessert followed with apple pie that could've been much tastier if it were warmed with a scoop of ice cream, but all was rescued with a huge chunk of bread pudding that puts my mother's recipe to shame (and it was served warmed with a scoop of ice cream :). 

All in all, we had a wonderful night with fabulous food and fun friends and we didn't want the night to end. If you want a hint of adventure, get to Welcome Diner before the end of May... seriously... National Lampoon's style.

ps: It's BYOB!
The old Welcome Diner is closed, but it is now (temporarily) inhabited by Chef Payton Curry. Check out the reviews here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/payton-curry-at-welcome-diner-phoenix
[Other reviews of Payton Curry's chef-in-residence at Welcome Diner: http://www.yelp.com/biz/payton-curry-at-welcome-diner-phoenix]

THE VEGETARIAN ANGLE

When you can date a review to the exact day (and with good reason), you know that you're in a special place.

We ate at Payton Curry's pop-up restaurant at the Welcome Diner last night, April 19, 2011, and the following is what we ate, but you may have a different menu on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday evenings from 5pm-close through July 4.  Chef, I hear, tries to keep it real and keep it local and fresh when sourcing his menu, so it changes each week.  McClendon's Select was mentioned more than once.

(PRICE NOTE:  On Tuesdays from 10pm-close, the menu is 1/2 price to be sure Curry exhausts his fresh produce and meats.)

Welcome Diner was serving about 12 people when we arrived, 6 at the inside counter and three couples outside dotting the front yard, set up with a picnic table, a sawhorse, some two tops, and glass tabletop lanterns.

The food came out quickly, and our gracious and knowledgeable server asked if we'd like our dishes as they were prepared or in courses. We opted for the former.  My darling dining partner and I shared all four dishes.

THOSE DAMN GREEN BEANS
We started with green beans, as crisp as they were picked, with just one tip snapped off, just like my grandmother taught me.  These were served with a citrus creme fraiche and some recently picked tarragon.  I always love dairy with tarragon, and this dish, served cool (not cold) if I remember, was dusted with local bee pollen, granular bits that taste of honey and something else and melt on your tongue.

MOZZARELLA
The menu insists there's basil in this tangential rendition of caprese -- and there probably is -- but the takeaway message from this panko-encrusted slab of mozzarella with the sweetest tomatoes I've eaten is a sweet-n-sour burst with every olive oily bite.  A standout appetizer.

GNOCCHI
If you're like me, when you've eaten or prepared gnocchi before, you assume they get plopped into the boiling salted water before the plump up and rise to the surface.  Not so fast, Barilla Boy.  Payton Curry's gnocchi, I believe, are (dry?) pan-seared on both sides,   keeping all the doughy, gummy deliciousness often lost in the water.  The madeira wine and cream reduction here smothers the pillowy gnocchi and tooth-tender walnuts and squiggly good morel mushrooms in a way that makes you close your eyes, shut off your hearing, and attempt to pour all of your sensory energy into taste and smell.  When eating this dish, I more than once covered my face with my hand to shield what may have been unflattering facial pangs of ecstasy.  

LEMON CURD
We struggled to choose this dessert over the Strawberry Olive Oil Cake and Strawberry Malt, but we got our strawberry fix as the second layer in this delectable parfait, topped with the airiest foamy meringue, and served in a mason jar.  The macerated strawberries made you want to relive childhood and replace mom's jelly with Payton's strawberries to accompany Laura Scudder in your PB&J sandwich.  We clanged spoons at the bottom of the jar for the last bit of bee pollen.

$62 with tax and tip.  We didn't bring a BYOB wine but would next time.  (The $13 corkage fee seems high, but there ought to be an explanation for that.)  Everyone working in the tiny dinette and serving the tables outside had huge smiles and loads of enthusiasm for what they were contributing to the Garfield neighborhood and to the downtown culinary scene.  Others are taking notice, too. Michelle Laudig (former restaurant critic at Phoenix New Times) and Aaron Chamberlin of St. Francis both dropped in during our dinner.

I worry about the AZ heat baking the charm out of patio dining in May, 
June, and July for Chef Curry, but I hope to return in April...maybe on a Tuesday at 10pm for half-price eats.

Other reviews of Payton Curry's chef-in-residence at Welcome Diner: http://www.yelp.com/biz/payton-curry-at-welcome-diner-phoenix
This place is DEFINITELY NOT CLOSED. I loved it when Sloane Mcfarland was cooking there after getting it back to [almost] original condition and was ecstatic to find out this weekend that it's now a pop up restaurant.

Thank you Marshall Shore for letting us know about this place!  We were a party of nine for Easter dinner last night - we filled the diner itself and ordered 1 of everything on the menu [2 of certain items].  There were 10 dinner items and 4 dessert items.  We passed the dishes down the counter to each other.

The menu is strictly vegetarian, but Payton keeps a few meat items available for hard core meaties - like my daughter and I who shared a heavenly fettuccine bolognese.

Each dish was superb.  I have a really hard time deciding on a favorite, but I think I'll go with the Fava and Steuben beans served in agave nectar with a walnut pesto.  My wife and daughter are going with the Beluga lentils, parsley and celery leaf.

We had a tasting menu [no pairing] I would have been happy to pay $75 for and we got away with $20.

Unbelievable.
Having dined at the Welcome Diner every week since Payton's arrival, I felt it was finally time to let yelpland know about my experiences. 

Also having been a fan of Digestif and Caffe Boa, during Patyon's residency, this is his best work, yet. I am floored by Payton's creativity and fresh-style every time I'm at the Welcome Diner.

I haven't had anything yet that left me wanting more. Each dish is well thought out and perfectly executed. Payton manages to capture the purity and freshness of the ingredients that so many chefs in town manage to murder. 

As excited as I am to have Payton around the corner from my house, I am even more excited and anxious to see what his next spot will deliver. It's only going up from here folks and if your not on the Curry train yet, get on. 

If you're one of those people who enjoys bland food and thinks that every restaurant needs a nice view, please stay out of our neighborhood and stop yelping about how Noca is in a strip mall. Phoenix is on it's way to being regarded as one of the top cities for dining and those narrow minded opinions are no longer welcome.
Just went back for another Tuesday night dinner...

Romesco Cauliflower
Gnocchi
Soft Shell Crab
Goat Terrine
Lamb Loin
Chocolate Chip Pecan Pie
Olive Oil Cake
Butterscotch Brownie Brioche Pudding

Ridiculous. Top five best dinners in Phoenix.
The BFD isn't Payton Curry. its not the food, either, its the floorshow. Payton and his wife manage to make this tiny space feel cavernous and fabulous. Their banter is hysterical, and Payton somehow manages to hear everything said on the floor from his outpost cooking. The words fly fast, but you'll laugh hysterically. 


And the food? Inventive, fresh, reasonable and fast.
Amazing, been twice and would go every week if I lived downtown. The food is incredible, the environment is chill, and the proprietors are super friendly. It's only open Sun.-Tuesday and will close for good 4th of July. Go while you can!!
They're back as of today, and they're awesome. I was turned on to the Welcome Diner by a classmate at a software training I was attending, I said I was a food nerd and he told me that these guys were reopening today!
Solid yelp reviews sold me, and they did NOT disappoint.
They opened at 5:00, but I got off of class at about 4:15, so I went down there and hung around for a bit. After unsuccessfully attempting to help out with their square credit card thing (they can take cards, but it'll show up as the food truck because the restaurant account isn't setting up properly), I placed my order. I was the first customer, yay! Amazingly, the only other opening day jitter I saw was the ricecooker being ornery and tripping the circuit breaker repeatedly. In terms of "disasters" that's a pretty minimal one. I chose to wait for the rice to finish and get my meal all together, as I needed to burn time to avoid getting out of central Phoenix back to Tucson at rush hour.
I had the port of call burger and a side of red beans and rice (the ricecooker worked in the end).
Best burger I've had, I think ever. All the ingredients were high quality, very nice cheddar cheese, mushrooms cooked with port, and garlic aioli. And the bun. Oh damn, the bun. Feathery is the best adjective. No unevenness in texture, light, and just barely strong enough to contain the burger... well maybe not entirely contain.
The red beans and rice were good - I'm not well versed in the craft of that dish, but it was tasty.
Both the other customers that ordered inside got the fried chicken biscuit sandwich with apple butter made by one of the staff. They seemed very happy with their choices.

They've got beer, wine, and hurricanes. Right now they're open Thursday-Saturday 5:00-10:00pm for dinner, and Saturday and Sunday from 10:00-3:00pm for brunch. I snuck a peek at the brunch menu, and there looked to be some tasty stuff there too. They're going to work on expanding dinner service out over more of the week gradually.





What are you doing?
Yeah. 
You.
Why are you still reading this?
Go get a burger or something from here.
Blah blah blah it's Tuesday at 9am and they're not open, sure, whatever, maybe that excuse will fly with your family, but not here mister/missy.
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful! The ambiance was perfect and the company was even better. I only had a beer, but the staff made it an awesome experience. They were all very knowledgable and took the time to give us a background on the diner and what their thoughts and inspirations were for the Welcome Diner going forward. I am so excited to come back this weekend and try out some of the grub, because it looked and smelled amazing! If you are looking for a cool vibe, amazingly gracious staff and a chill place to have a beer (or 7), you should absolutely check this place out! Congrats guys, you are off to a great start!
A couple friends took me there Saturday.  It was very tasty and affordable.  It's a very small place and they cook right in front of you, if you sit inside (like waffle house but not as greasy and more delicious) and very friendly staff and atmosphere.

We had beer and mimosas with biscuits and gravy (comes with bacon/sausage or mushrooms and an egg), blackberry ricotta lemon pancakes, and a chicken sammich with cheddar, apple butter, on a homemade biscuit.
Back in 2005 I came to Welcome Diner and would enjoy really tasty breakfast sandwiches.  I loved the husband/wife team who took care of the customers and made the place pretty darn awesome.  I know in the past few years there've been a few different concepts that hit Welcome Diner... I didn't patronize the place since back in 2005/2006, but went back last night at about 9pm to check it out.

I took some of the pictures that are up on this Yelp review back then when I was DowntownGirl.

With my man and a friend of ours, we stopped over to the same quaint trailer that seemed to be a bit more polished up with a more bold "Welcome Diner" painted on the front, but pretty much looked the same from back when I used to go.  There was a special on the board and they had menus with some eclectic items.  Two of us chose the South Carolina-style pork sandwich on a biscuit and a side of fries while our friend grabbed the peanut butter bacon burger and some Sweet Republic ice cream. 

We sat outside instead of in.  We also grabbed some wine and beer.  Local WINES!  So glad to be able to go to an establishment in downtown Phoenix where they offer local wine. 

We got our food after a short wait and dove in.  Top notch delicious foods all around.  I know they have a brunch menu... guess we'll have to ride down some Saturday or Sunday morning.

Tasty food, friendly staff... we'll be back.
Well, it finally got rented out again - to a troupe of really enthusiastic chefs and they're growing their hours. Worthy successors to the chefs who came before them, another tribe of locavores. Unbelievable that they seem to have a full beer/wine/liquor license. 

GO NOW before everyone figures it out! However, be warned it is no longer "cheap, under $10" - but not by much - excluding our wine our shared meal clocked in at $15 each.

We each had a glass of Arizona wine labeled, merely, "red". Went wonderfully with our shared Roosevelt Growhouse salad [the beets, my gawd], cheeseburger [the mushrooms ...] and fries. Good decision, to share - we couldn't
Here's the deal. I want to totally love this, but frankly, Phoenix is still missing the traditional diner, even when it's housed in an authentic diner. I was hoping this would be the epic college hang-out, but it's too expensive for that. An 8 buck burger is three dollars away from a night out for a collegiate. 5 bucks for a 12 oz plastic cup pour, even a good draft, is still not in that ballpark. Actually, it's close to ballpark pricing. Knock off at least a buck.  And 4 dollars for a very small portion of collard greens will not bring me back to eat it.

I ordered the most expensive meal because I wanted the food experience. Their PB and B burger is exceptional, peanut butter with burger sounds weird, but it's damn tasty and good Schrieber's bacon(also used at Bill Johnsons Big Apple for less dinero). It's the highest price burger at $12.50. I also had the previously mentioned collard greens and a 7 buck Hurricane, tasty and well-mixed, almost at price point correctly with such good ingredients.

Three items and with tip, over $28.00.  This falls into the realm of special event for me, and that's a shame as the folks running the kitchen, taking orders, owners are ALL great and the service was really casual yet efficient.

I would love to see something like a whiskey and soda for $4.00, discounted pitchers of beer, maybe even a discount for bringing in your own coffee cup or dishes as there really is a lot of plastic waste coming out of there.

Sure, I'll be back, and for what it is(an amazing restoration of a wonderful place with a killer patio)I'm glad it's here. I'll have whatever is on special now, and skip the sides, though the fries with gravy could be killer with cheese curds a la  poutine. 

Yet still I wait for the college hang-out.
I had a wonderful experience at the Welcome Diner and can't wait to go back. First and foremost, I love the fact they support all local! Stimulating the local Phoenix economy is so important and I really commend them for being an excellent example of this. When I walked in I was impressed at how cute and comfortable the indoor and outdoor setup was. Super cute bar and cozy outdoor seating as well. True to their name, it made me feel very welcome. The food was excellent and really appreciated the gluten free options. I highly recommend eating here if you are looking for a fun, friendly, relaxed atmosphere and well priced delish food!
Welcome Diner recently reopened with the chef/owners of Old Dixie food truck.  I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place.  I've been to Welcome Diner three times in the past two weeks.  I've sampled the lemon ricotta pancakes, the Holy Puerco special and a breakfast biscuit sandwich.  All were delicious, but the Holy Puerco was amazing.  A cheesy grit cake smothered in the most delicious pork I've ever eaten, topped with an egg and house-made pork cracklings, served with flavorful, crunchy potatoes...

I love to sit at the counter.  The crowd is friendly and the WD team is personable and efficient.  There is also plenty of seating outside, as there are only 9 stools at the diner counter.  And since it's in my neighborhood, I can easily walk or bike there.

Food is locally sourced when possible.  I was there yesterday when the guy dropped off the duck eggs.  Most entrees are in the 8-10 dollar range.  They have beer, wine, and limited cocktails.  I highly recommend the Hurricane, with fresh-squeezed juices, light and dark rums, and pomegranate grenadine.  And the new management DOES take credit/debit cards with the square.  You can have your receipt sent to your email or phone number.  I mention this because I saw a couple order who'd never paid with the square before.

Welcome Diner is open for brunch and dinner, but not every day.  I know they close at 3 on Sundays.  They are open Thur. thru Sun.  Oh, and the music is good, too!  Get there and enjoy the patio before the hot weather hits!
Do you love good food?
Duh.
Do you love good drinks?
Of course.
Do you love good people?
Who doesn't?!
If you've answered yes to any of these questions (and we both know you did), you need to get down to The Welcome Diner. The cozy quarters and kitchy decor make it easy to fall in love with, and the staff makes you comfortable enough to stay for hours.
AND THE FOOD! I have yet to try something that didn't make me smile. It's hard to pick a favorite dish but personally, I love the Kiltlifter braised pork biscuit. The carolina mustard sauce that's made in house, is probably the best thing I've ever tasted. And the made from scratch biscuit it comes with, is too good for words. 
Beyond a fantastic, locally driven food concept, they also make one of the greatest cocktails I've ever enjoyed; the Hurricane. And even though you clearly hear the bell dinging from the kitchen and everyone inside scream, "HURRICANE!" each time you order one, you just can't seem to figure out how you got so tipsy; they're sneaky little guys. 
So, next time you're out and about downtown Phoenix on a weekend, you should go say hi, and then eat your face off. You'll be glad you did.
Greasy spoons unite!  Great menu, cool vibe, good service and good beers.  I was amazed at how efficient these guys are - they must lead the restaurant world in ratio of patrons served / grill square footage.  

A great spot.  Don't come here on a diet though - my meal soaked through the paper plate and left a visible grease puddle on the counter top.  Psst ... the grit cakes are tasty and absorb the flavors of the meal but they are extremely greasy.
As good as it gets as far as diners go.  I'm not usually considered to be a hipster, but it might rub off on me if I spent more time her.  Great crowd hanging out eating delicious food.  Tiny enough that you HAVE to talk to the staff, they're right next to you.  Unless you sit outside.  That might be fun, too.

I've never actually been to a diner that had a liquor license, so have a hurricane with your brunch.
If you could imagine going over to your friend's place for dinner if your friend is a chef?  That is the Welcome Diner.

Every time I have been there, the place was full of laughter and the smell of great food cooking.  If you sit at the counter, you could smack the chef on the ass.  Order a hurricane, and everyone in the joint yells, "HURRICANE!"  

It is a great time.  My only complaint?  They aren't open enough hours to totally clog my arteries.
Great little spot with wonderful fries and biscuit sandwiches. Yummy!
So I was visiting Arizona for spring training baseball and pining for a decent meal when we stumbled across Welcome Diner.  This place friggin' rules.  All of the food that our party tried--duck burger, breakfast biscuit, creole breakfast--was off the chain.  And they service beer, which is perfect for a Sunday brunch.  

The staff was friendly and the service excellent.  They take pride in their craft, and you can see why when you taste the food.  If you're looking for a place to get some soul-nourishing food with a soulful flare, this is the place for you.
Well, I am trying to eat my way through the menu, but they keep adding delicious new dishes, so it's taking a while.  The service at this place cannot be beat.  When you are seated outside, every member of the team will be by to inquire about your experience and see if there's anything more they can do.  When you're seated inside, you are a part of the whole Welcome Diner experience.

I most recently had the smothered pork plate, which was pulled pork with a beer and onion gravy over a bed of jasmine rice, with sides of delicious collard greens and house-made poblano hush puppies.  It was a heaping plate of food for $11.50.  The next night, we returned, at my niece's request, and I had the Port of Call burger.  It was yummy beefy goodness with perfect fries on the side.

So, it's going to take me a while to sample everything the Welcome Diner has to offer, but I go at least weekly and I am dedicated to sampling all the goodness they have to offer.  This place is a gem.  Don't tell anybody.

Oh, yeah...Bike Rack!
This place is darling. The patio is gorgeous with lots of comfy, welcoming, and uplifting touches. The service is always upbeat, fun, and inviting and the food... holy moly. I'll gladly gain a few pounds for you Welcome Diner. 

If you want to go somewhere different, escape this silly life for a moment, and enjoy a delicious beverage I highly recommend you stroll over to this diner, order yourself a "Hurricane" and find a seat on the patio where you can relax while the desert sun sets. In fact, I just might head over there all by my onsies tonight. Yes, I'm going to drink alone. I'm ok with it. 

Everything I've ever ordered off their menu has been delicious. They have lots of southern food options and they change up their specials menu about once a week. Anything you order will be divine. I promise you. Don't question me, I have the pounds to prove it.
Get in your car right now, come downtown and eat here. Awesome funky cool place.
Coconut cream grits with collards and tomato sauce.  As vegan as it gets, and so full of flavor!  Had it twice...once on Thursday and again on Saturday.  Ran into 4 friends while I sat at the counter Saturday evening.  This place is the best.
Get up, go downtown and eat here!
Wow.  So I've been hearing about this place for a while.  I always looked for it when I passed it on my way down Roosevelt but always seemed to miss it.  I practically smacked myself in the forehead when we arrived today.  I felt stupid, but then again, there are some places I just can't see until I plan to stop there.

It took some convincing to get my husband to give a place other than his favourite Joe's Diner a chance for a delicious (post hangover) brunch/breakfast a chance.  We got there a little early due to it being their last brunch weekend before summer and I am paranoid of crowds and hipsters.

We arrived and found ourselves seats under an umbrella in the shade.  We got some water from the cooler and perused the menu and specials.  After some deliberating (sunrise sandwich or holy puerco?) and discussion (welcome breakfast has no meat -- I need my protein at breakfast), he went with the special boudin breakfast and I got the holy puerco.  We both had fresh squeezed ojs and beignets.

It was worth it.  Dear goodness I have not tasted pork jowl cruncy bits like those ever (and their meat is provided by meat shop and shreiners!).  The combination of flavors on the puerco thing was just delicious.  And the hashbrowns were fresh and not too crispy and not overpowering and flavorful.  I kind of wanted some sour cream to go with the flavors and make them like a crunchy baked potato.

The beignets are not as fluffy as the ones I remember in New Orleans but definitely will satisfy this girls desire for fried dough.  They are yummy and powdered and you must be careful or the sugar will make you cough.  The honey is also oh so good.

The husband very much enjoyed his boudin special and it was gone very quickly.  He said it was all very tasty and he was glad we braved the heat for the opportunity to try the breakfast before it is gone.

We also got a hurricane to share at the very end.  It tastes like juice, or sunshine in a cup.  But it does pack a punch.  I felt that drink (the few sips I had) by the time we got back home.  And then I crashed in a delicious food coma.
Me and my boyfriend just tried Welcome Diner the other night, we wanted to go to a place that both of us have never been too. It was an awesome choice! It may not look like much from the street but you definitely have to give it a try. 

We both had burgers and an appetizer and all the food was great and prepared well. It is nice to go to a place that focuses on buying local food and contributing the the community. 

I would recommend this place to everyone and anyone.
We visited Welcome Diner on a Thursday evening and, in all, had a good experience but I can't say I plan to return. Though on the pricey side, the food was good (I had a BBQ pork plate and my guest a burger) and the menu selection seemed adequate. We sat outside and enjoyed our meals, sipping on hurricanes, while appreciating that Welcome Diner is, for lack of a better explanation, a hipsters diner done absolutely right. The food, the service, the facility...all are within a clear and well executed vision. And while I respect that vision, I think that, for me, it was just too much. Specifically, the outdoor seating is more stylish than properly relaxing as their comfort food is. Sitting at a picnic table or some old outdoor furniture that looks like it just came from the back of an old shed is too hipster for me. I get it. I get the theme. I get the execution. It just doesn't work for me. But I would definitely eat their grub if I were in the area looking for take out.
Great place (the summary). I was in PHX to work for a few hours and catch a red-eye flight - of course used Yelp to find a place for dinner.  Welcome Diner - great concept, great execution and great food!  It took me awhile to figure out its location - I drove by it a few times before I realized - oh that's the restaurant and found a parking spot behind the restaurant.

You walk up to the to a window/counter and order from the posted menu and then grab a seat outside in the front yard/deck/patio area.  Had the vegetarian option (vegan po'boy) along with some biscuits and a tea. Great tasting food.  

Loved sitting outside (it was around 800p or so) - a big table full of folks across the patio so I just relaxed at one of the counter/stool seats along the sidewalk - nice to just relax and catchup on emails/news/etc. 

Crazy but I guess I never noticed that an inside for dining room also - I just assumed it was outdoor dining only.  

Customers were walking, biking, and driving to get to the restaurant - which can make a restaurant an interesting people watching experience! 

Highly recommended.
This place is so cute! I went here on Saturday night at about 8:30 or so. I ordered the chicken sammich with cheese, bacon, and gravy and the BF got a grilled cheese with bacon. We sat outside and it was lovely! I started with a hurricane, and let me tell you...it was ridic good! One of the best hurricanes I have ever tasted (definitely look for the nights when they have specials on the drinks on FB....it's worth it).  Anyway, the food came out and not only was my sammich HUGE, but it was in a pool of gravy.... I didn't even know how to begin eating it. I went with the messy method and picked this giant sammich up. Mmmm. The chicken was fresh and juicy, the gravy was rich and tasty and the bacon was flavorful. This was not a light dinner, but it was totally delicious. The BF said his grilled cheese was good, but he wished it was on regular bread instead of a biscuit. I really like that this place uses local ingredients. I will definitely be back in the near future (I really want to try a burger....yummmm).
Geez, I love love love this place. Love the hurricanes, the pulled pork, the fried chicken, the biscuits, the burgers, the gravy, the 'dining in a trailer park' atmosphere.

The only thing I don't like is that rave reviews are going to make it impossible for us to stroll in on a Saturday night and get a seat at the counter. But they deserve them.
When I got the directions to this place I was certain I had been led astray because I was going into a residential part of the city. Low and behold the diner was there, random in the middle of this Phoenix neighborhood. There are a few seats inside but the real experience is to sit out front. Do not expect to sit down at a normal booth and keep to yourself. The seating is basically lawn furniture and a few picnic tables giving the whole experience a backyard barbeque feel. As far as atmosphere "hipster" would be the greatest understatement of the year. I could have ridden a bicycle made of mustaches wearing the first black rimmed glasses ever made and I would not have been hip enough among the patrons. The menu is small but efficient and the food we received tasted great. I recommend the fried chicken sandwich with bacon and a hurricane to drink.
Absolutely one of our favorite spots.
Although a little pricier than I'd prefer, I'm giving Welcome Diner 5 stars for the delicious locally-produced food, relaxed and friendly atmosphere, and the outgoing people who work there.
You know a restaurant has something good going when a college student is willing to pay $10 for a watermelon salad. Or $5 for french fries with an egg on top (seriously, you have to try it. So delicious.)
Welcome Diner has a unique operation--in the warm Arizona months, Welcome Diner operates from 5pm to midnight, and during the cool Arizona months, it's open for brunch and lunch. Whenever you happen to visit, you'll be greeted warmly, offered delicious food, and given a wonderful starry opportunity to enjoy the night (or morning) with dear friends.
Welcome Diner in its latest incarnation is a gem. Their new hours make them far more accessible for dinner service, but you'll still want to plan on showing up relatively late, at least during the summer, as most of their seating is outside.

The food here is the star, but the workers and cooks are all having a great time, really genuine and fun, and overall make the experience even better. 

The Port of Call burger is exactly what you want: perfectly cooked, coated in cheese and onions and whatever else, and the type of meal that will leave you just barely too full.

The fried chicken sandwich is a thing of beauty, if you can unhinge your jaw to take it on. Get it with melted cheese, and go even further by tacking on gravy and bacon, if you think your heart can handle it.

The fries are fantastic as well. It's a bit pricey, but the quality of ingredients loads the food with flavor and makes it well worth it. They also have some amazing specials, and: their biscuits. Their biscuits are a thing of beauty, either with honey on them, or as part of the chicken sandwiches; they're simply perfect.

They're just a hop-skip off the 7th St. I-10 exit, and well worth trying out.
We went to the Welcome Diner on "First Friday" earlier this month.  We'll be back for sure.  It's a very casual atmosphere with some limited indoor seating along a counter and more seating outside.  We each enjoyed our meals.  I eat vegan and loved the Vegan Po'Boy; my son is a vegetarian and he loved the grilled cheese sandwich; and my wife, the carnivore of the family, really liked her fried chicken sandwich.

They try to use local foods.  The staff was great, as was the music they were playing.
Looking for a place that is so off the beaten path that you need to drive down a neighborhood road to get to it. Well this is the place. Great food, friendly owners and a diner you will want to come back to.
I think this is one of those places I'll need to visit a few more times to get a real feel for the place.  

The bacon cheese fries where really good however the hurricane didn't seem like it had very much kick to it.  Perhaps it was only a tropical storm?

It's pretty close to home so I'm sure I'll be headed here again.
Oh my very favorite! 
Poutine! Not at all like the traditional, but oh-so-good and imo, so much better! Sandwiches served on biscuits?!? Heaven! I only wish this place was open for breakfast. 
Oh yes, and service? Top notch!
Bravo! This place aced it for me. I always like to read what people order at places to help me decide. I guarantee that anything you order here will be amazing and delicious. Great job guys!! Makes me happy to see a spot like this in Phoenix. Reminds me of Portland. Things are lookin up for the foodie scene.
Perfect hole in the wall Diner with awesome friendly service and some awesome soul food to back it up. everything on the menu is amazing! go see it and experiance it for yourself. it's truly unique.
One of my favorite places, delicious food that never disappoints. Best fried chicken sandwich!!!
I live a couple blocks from this place and I would literally eat here every day if I could afford to.  Though I'd probably end up with a few extra pounds to go with my empty bank account.  But every day when they post their daily special up on their Facebook page, I just sit and drool over it.  I've eaten here a handful of times and everything is so freaking good.  Its comfort food at its best.  And the staff is super friendly and helpful.  They treat you like a regular even if its your first time.  I love the fact that they source all their ingredients from local farmers and purveyors.  I initially thought the prices were a bit on the high side, but once I realized just how well the locally sourced ingredients were prepared, I now feel like its a bargain.  And I also love that they are open until midnight every day (except Monday).  This is just the coolest little place to grab some great food, a good drink, and chill with really friendly people.  I hope this place is around for a very long time.
I will say I was a little surprised to drive up to this place and see it is in a neighborhood on the corner as if it was previously someone's house (pretty sure it may have been). As for seating there are two options either outside on their "patio" (felt like someones front yard with chairs) or inside which gave you more of an old school dining car feel. I ordered there PB + B burger and my husband had their shrimp Po'boy special. I had heard eating Peanut butter on your burger was good so of course I had to give it a try. I must say it was a bit odd but very good, the burger was very juicy and flavorful, the bacon and cheese gave it that salty taste that went great along side the crunchy peanut butter. I would say it probably isn't for everyone and fair warning it is very heavy on the stomach... about half way through it just hits you and realize just how full you are lol. My husband's Shrimp Po'Boy was very good, the bread was super fresh and the tomato base spread gave it amazing flavor, I would say it was more of a "Prawn" Po'boy because the shrimp were so big. Overall the food was very good, I am a bit skeptical about the outdoor seating it was just a little too weird for me, I would definitely go back but would prefer to sit inside if there is room. I hope they continue to do well and maybe they'll be able to expand.
If you avoid the chain restaurants in downtown Phoenix, you won't have a bad meal.  Welcome Diner is no exception.  The burgers are amazing, and they have great cocktails to boot.  I really wish I could get food like this in my hometown.
The wife and I ate dinner here tonight and we got the veggie sandwich.  It was amazing we were both blown away.  Will you please put this on the menu?
This was an excellent adventure. The service is super friendly and the food is unique and deserves more praise. I ordered the fried chicken biscuit with gravy and cheese and bacon. That was the best choice of all the meals I tried and will be what I order when I return. We started with pulled pork fries that were BBQ flavored with a mustard twist. It was bold but I would try something else next time. The burgers were great and the fries were too. Great late night food, I would suggest this to my yelper friends.
The people are really cool.  Excellent food made from local ingredients. The chicken biscuit sandwich is yummy. Also, must indulge in the poutine. Fun place with lots of misters running over the picnic tables outside which kept us cool. Must check this place out for yourself.
Went to Welcome Diner for the first time this past Saturday. They had a veggie burger on special that I really wanted to try, but sadly they ran out before we got there. Instead I got the vegan po-boy sandwich with a side of fries (which i'm so happy I chose). It was so yummy, and super filling! The menu has lots of great comfort food items, including some vegetarian/vegan options. 

The staff was awesome and super friendly. The place has such a neat vibe as well. There's truly nothing like it!
What I love most about Welcome Diner is that when you are there, it doesn't feel as though you are in Phoenix.  The menu is good ol' Southern comfort food with a twist; they have Deep Eddy alcohol's and they make amazing homemade lemonade...well it's a little page right out of the South (Austin, TX to be exact).  We need more places like this.  

They have a vegan po-boy sandwich with fried avocado that I could eat everyday, it's just that good.  They use the freshest veggies, no really, so fresh that it was probably picked that very day from the Garfield community garden.  That's right, fresh AND local.  I also can't get enough of those delicious collard greens!  I was impressed with the staff because they knew exactly what was vegan (right down to which bread I could eat).  Any time I find a staff educated about ingredients, it's a win.  And anytime I have gone with my non-veg friends they rave about the menu as well, so I think it is safe to say that it is all yummy.

All in all, this place is simply adorable, quaint, fun and delicious.  It is small inside so if you can get in there, I highly recommend it.  The staff is very friendly and attentive which makes for an even better dinning experience.  There are also plenty of seats outside and a to-go window which makes it even easier.  Great place to hang out, meet new people and eat good food!
BEST BURGER SPOT I'VE COME ACROSS!! I was out one night craving a burger and jumped on yelp and happened to be driving down roosevelt. This was the first place that came up. I drove down and stopped by. This place is really cool. I like the open setup outside. There's benches for you and your friends to chill on while u enjoy your meal.  There's a dinner car that seats about nine people that's cool to sit in. 
The service is GREAT!!! All the people there are super cool. A very friendly atmosphere that anyone can enjoy. When your foods ready they always check to make sure everything's right before giving it to you. 
Now.... The burgers and catfish sandwiches are AMAZING!!! I have had the welcome burger, the peanut butter burger and the Friday night catfish poor boy!!! All left smiles on my face wanting more. You have to try this place out!!! IT'S A DEFINITE MUST!!!
I have had three things there. A hurricane (NICE) that buffalo chicken burger and a pulled pork sandwich. All were wonderful. I am dying to come back in the spring when I can sit outside!
Great food, great service, great atmosphere! We had the veggie burger and the Welcome Burger. Both were amazing! The fried avocado was out of this world. 

We will definitely be going back. I highly recommend this unique little gem in Downtown Phoenix.
Fantastic hole in the wall (hole in the trailer?) restaurant. Great relaxed vibe, with good old bluesy southern music as a backdrop to the even better tunes of familiar conversation. I loved how hometown it felt. This is definitely a place where strangers become friends.

Fantastic service! Our server was Brandon, who was so helpful in making sure my meal was vegan and describing every delicious detail to us. Upon leaving, every employee waved and thanked us for dining. So nice!

On to the food...fantastic. I had a veggie burger with fried avocado on the side. Life changing. My boyfriend had the classic burger and fries, and loved it. I can't wait to come back and try the vegan po'boy.

I'm really excited to be a frequent patron of the Welcome Diner. So happy we found it!
Tucked away into an old central (and scary) neighbourhood, it was a bit hard  to find in the dark. Glad we did, though!
Got a lemonade (made with fresh lemon juice), the fried chicken with cheese biscuit sandwich and split an order of bacon cheddar fries. The chicken was perfectly cooked with a crispy outer breading, thick and juicy meat inside. The biscuit was really tasty and flaky. It came with a few cubes of watermelon but I don't like melon so those went untouched. 
We sat inside at the bar and everyone working inside was super nice and friendly. They have quite a few regulars and I could see why. The prices were a bit higher than I expected but they use totally local sourced ingredients and everything is prepared fresh so you're paying for the quality just as much as the quantity. 
An order of cheddar bacon fries, a biscuit chicken sandwich with watermelon side, lemonade, and tip totalled to just over $21.
Welcome Diner, talk about fantastic! Browsed around and found this diner, in a neighborhood many would consider not welcoming, they could not be more wrong. The homemade biscuit, made with love and of course incredible honey, just delicious down to the last crumb. A welcoming staff and food that can leave you stuffed! Will definitely keep coming back and invite all who will join. If you your a local you need to eat here, if your visiting phoenix, you need to eat here! As always my yelpers, eat, drink, explore, and buy local!
After a big night during First Friday, tired and slightly hungover, I needed some comfort food.  Outside of the Five & Diner franchise, I hadn't been to anything resembling an authentic diner in the Phoenix area.  Ever.  So what a surprise to find an old diner transplanted from back east into the downtown Phoenix area.  It's a little on the fringes as the immediate neighborhood is a little sketchy, but we were going for a late breakfast on a Saturday so I didn't worry too much about my car.

The diner itself truly is a timewarp.  The interior is a simple 9 stool diner with a cooking area just as tiny.  You can't help but converse with the waitress and the cooking staff since they're basically right in front of your face.  If you're looking for more room (and want to keep an eye on your ride), there's picnic tables with umbrellas outside.

We got here around 11am so my girlfriend and I didn't feel too self conscious ordering drinks.  I got the mimosa while she got the bloody mary.  I'm not sure what they put in those drinks, but they had some kick!  They weren't overtly alcoholic, but just spicier than other mimosas or bloody marys I've had.  As for the food, I came here for one thing.  A biscuit sandwich.  More specifically, the Big Jim.  Fried chicken, country gravy, bacon, and cheddar on a homemade biscuit.  Unreal.  The biscuit was flaky, buttery heaven.  The batter on the fried chicken was delicious and the gravy wonderfully hearty.  Easily the best biscuit sandwich I've had in the Phoenix area.  My girlfriend got the Andouille Scramble which was basically an omelette with andouille sausage, peppers and onions with a side of potatoes.  She saw how much I loved my biscuit so she added a biscuit with honey to her order and was equally impressed.

We so wanted to save room for the beignets, but we were stuffed.  Total for the two drinks, two entrees, the add-on biscuit, and tip came to about $40.  Had we done non-alcoholic drinks it would've been a little under $30.  Their ingredients are locally sourced so you pay a little bit of a premium for that.  But considering the quality of the food and the unique experience, it was money well spent.  Whatever you do, find a way somehow to include a biscuit in your meal here.
This is a great little spot with awesome food, awesome employees who treat everyone like they're friends. The menu is not of the normal run of the mill type but yet a delicious combination that should be tried. As a local business owner and supporter of independent non-chain places to eat, this is a must try! And don't forget that they serve booze! Try the bloody mary or the hurricane!
Amazing amazing melt in your mouth food,  affordable, funny down to earth staff, fun visits! Go here now!
This is a favorite spot for my wife and I. We try to hit up the welcome diner once a week! Seriously, you can't beat the neighborhood feel, the ambiance of the Valentine Diner, the quality of the food, and the purity of the food. We went here for breakfast the morning after our wedding because we couldn't think of anywhere else we'd rather eat!
Great spot. I would def recommend this spot for comfort food. The fried chicken sandwich is not to be missed & the fries are amazing! Just ask for extra crispy. Can't wait to go back & try a burger they looked amazing!!!!
Loved this quirky place! Between the 3 of us we ordered the grilled cheese on a biscuit, the Carol (BBQ pork) and the Big Jim (for especially hearty appetites.  The flavors were amazing! Loved the mustard BBQ sauce on my Carol.  Really wanted to try the Beignets but they were out f them already. Cest la vie...a reason to come back for sure.
Solid 5. Totally chill attitude from the guys behind the counter serving up killer food. To start: an Old Fashion for me and a Candy Corn signature for the wife. We split not one but two orders of the bacon and cheese fries, and had the biscuit w chicken, gravy, and bacon. All fantastic. Go here anytime if you got a hankering for comfort food after a hangover or just because. We'll be back soon. And we're bringing friends.
This place is great! The burgers are amazing and the coleslaw is fantastic. 4 stars because it's pretty pricey, but worth it for a fabulous meal.
I am so glad I decided to take a chance on this little place. Great food at a fair price. And, great service to boot. I had their chicken and cheddar biscuit called the Little Birdy and was in heaven. The chicken was moist with great flavor, not greasy, and not doughy. The biscuit it was on was perfection. Crispy and fluffy where it needed to be with a well balanced butteryness. To make things even better the biscuit did not fall apart after the first bite :). Loved the relaxed atmosphere and music selection outside. The dudes that were working were very courteous and answered questions without eye rolling like you may get at other downtown establishments.
I love this place! Such an amazing place. Had a basil gimlet, my god!!! And Will, he and the boys behind the bar are such studs.
I've only been here for brunch once....it's the shit. 

They had me with the "ATTENTION BALLERS, no $50 or $100 BILLS, PLEASE" 
(I'll post a picture)

Basically my kind of place already. 

It's a tiny place inside thus the 4 stars but they have a nice patio area with benches, tables and ect. 

Food is like some concoction of amazingness. I can't even remember what I had, but it was tasty and full of god knows what, pretty much everything and anything one can think of. They also sell beers and stuff. 

It's located in the garfield district right off roosevelt. 

I heard it was once a food truck that parked and now it rests. 

Go here for something awesome and different.
Wonderful brunch today! I had the Sunrise sandwich and my husband had the Holy Puerco - they were both delicious. I loved the homemade biscuit - light and fluffy and not dry at all. Everyone in the staff is extremely friendly - very positive and relaxing environment. Highly recommend it!
Let me start by saying from the time I pulled up to the place, walked in the courtyard, stepped into the diner and took a seat on one of the 9 stools at the corner of the counter, I was a fan.  This tiny place packs a big punch.  The employees are super friendly and upbeat. There is a sense that they want you to have a great experience while you enjoy eating.  
It's got some super items on the menu and they are working on creating a full bar.  They have large multi seat tables that look similar to picnic tables outside under umbrellas so there is more seating of the weather is good.
There are several items on the menu I will return to try but on this particular trip, our first, we had the Holy Puerco & the Peanut butter Bacon Cheddar Burger.  Both were amazing.  I felt a bit like I was back in New Orleans with the fried cheddar grit cake, cracklins, & Crystal sauce.  Not to mention the burger reminds me of one of my favorite burger joints in NOLA, Yo Mama's Bar & Grill. They also have a Peanut butter Bacon burger.  
I like the list they have on the wall behind the counter that names all the local businesses they purchase there produce, meat, and goods.  It shows the intent to buy local and support other local businesses.  
I will be back, I witnesses the making and devouring of a sandwich named Big Jim, a fried chicken breast, country gravy, bacon & cheddar on a large homemade biscuit.  I have got to try that for myself.  So my recommendation to you is to go, eat, experience this little diner for yourselves.  There is soul in the food they serve. 

Here is a link to the diner's website:  http://www.marthaandmary.net/welcomediner/welcome.html
Man but this place kicks ass.  Incredible, inventive, decadent food.  BITCHING cocktails (try one and you'll see).  Open til 12 on Sunday night.  (Yes!)  Totally savvy musical selections, always. Straight up & personable folks making and serving everything.  The real locals deal.  Feel like I need to go here as much as possible, before it totally blows up and there's no getting a seat.  Big love.
I would be lying if I said this diner didn't influence me to move to the Garfield district. This is my absolute favorite place. I used to drive all over the valley depending on what mood I was in, and now I pretty much just go to the Welcome Diner. They have about 9 seats inside and quite a bit of patio seating. They have a few nice big outdoor heaters too.

Some things I love

-Excellent quality food sourced from local vendors
-Amazing amazing drinks. They make their own bitters, grenadine, squeeze their own lime juice  and even have fresh herbs to put in. Each one I've seen made is with love.
-Good service, fun atmosphere
-Almost everything is made from scratch
-Specials that are (always delicious) experiments, not leftovers.
-Catfish Fridays (Try the sampler!)


I would say price wise it's not necessarily cheap, but not expensive. Average plate will run you about $10, but considering the quality and atmosphere I have no problem paying it! 

Favorite dishes-
PB&B burger
Bacon Blue burger
Veggie Stallion (housemade edamame and mushroom veggie burger with housemade ricotta)
Red beans and rice with sausage
Grilled cheese on a housemade biscuit.
Try the holy puerco!
I feel I am an expert on fried chicken, and I had the Big Jim today with a side of eggs.  Fresh squeezed oj and LUX coffee.  The biscuit was unbelievable and sliced in half and put on the grill for an extra crisp; the fried chicken breast on the sandwich ... well, watch out LOLO and Mrs. White and f**k Chick Fil-A and the Hate Chicken, I will never EVER miss that again, knowing this place exists.  I can't describe the extra crispy not at all greasy breast - and the bacon and cheese and gravy was amazzzzzing.  Hipster waitress and they kept coming around to refill my coffee on a lovely chilly sunday morning at 1030.   I'll be back, but my waistline will suffer.  GO, puts MATT's big breakfast to shame.


 My minus one star- Needs a booster or something for small kids to sit in.
I go to Welcome Diner so much at this point, I feel like making up disguises. It's like, c'mon, I'm JUST trying eat here everyday of my life and not feel embarrassed about it. 

The thing is, they make the best everything I've ever had anywhere.

The Bleu Burger? Omg. The Peanut Butter Bacon Burger? Literally so good, I'm pretty sure I lost IQ points. The Biscuit Sandwiches? I want to be in a Facebook-official relationship with one.

Just go here - you will understand and you will not regret it. Actually, you might regret it, because you tend to go.. no where else afterwards. Just start trying your disguises on now.

Real complaint: They only do breakfast on weekends, doesn't start till 10:30am.
More real complaint: They won't let me move in.
Delicious food. Small and casually intimate atmosphere with friendly cooks.

Really loved the beet salad!
This is my new favorite joint.

It is becoming quite the neighborhood favorite and I think it's because they just do it right. The setting is so...welcoming. With the lawn chairs and variety of mostly outdoor seating this is the perfect spot for a beautiful day or night. The staff is a bunch of characters who are very genuine and helpful. The food has clever names like "Holy Puerco and Captain Fantasy") oh and it is freaking amazing. Even the menu's artwork looks awesome (done by a local artist/cartoonist.)

I've been here three weekends in a row. The first time I had the Captain Fantasy which was endlessly delicious. Barbecued chicken on a fresh homemade biscuit with bacon, cheese and greens. I also had fries, wow a lot of food! The other two times I've had the Sunrise Sandwich with sausage and an egg over easy. It is also placed between a tasty biscuit along with some arugula. Yum! My boyfriend has had the welcome breakfast with chorizo and the Little Birdy. I had bites! I also tried their fried avocado, genius.

They serve drinks. Apparently on Tuesdays they have Hurricane Tuesdays, $5 for their famous hurricanes. I've also heard their Bloody Mary's are brilliant.

Well done Welcome Diner well done. See you all next weekend!
Love love love this place!! I've been here for brunch and dinner and everything was amazing!! My bf says their burger is the best burger he has ever had and I have to agree. Super juicy!! The bumblebee is on point too!! I can't wait to go back and try the bacon cheddar fries :) I recommend this place to all my friends when they ask for a awesome place to eat downtown. And they are open late!!!
Amazing food! We had the fried chicken on a biscuit sandwiches  one was with the sausage gravy - and the other was the  buffalo one both very good. We had the Hurricanes also very tasty. Definitely going to be on our list of favorites!
Surprised I never found this place.. The place was pretty good couldn't think of a complaint
Out with my two boys,who, like me, enjoy exploring for great eats. Based on Yelp suggestions, I decided to give this place a shot. It was close to the art museum we were at, reasonable prices, and great food!  It is hard to find food that has great flavor, and makes you feel like you are eating a meal made by momma.  Staff was courteous and ambiance was hip. Thanks for the experience, we are definitely excited to come back!
I've never felt so compelled to use expletives in a review, but I feel like I could cuss up a storm and still not quite convey how much I'm digging Welcome Diner. 

I've been here three times, twice in the past week, and I can't wait to go again. I had the holy puerco on my first visit, the big Jim on my second, and today I had the Carol with cheese, bacon, and egg added at the suggestion of the guy taking our order. Everything has been utterly impeccable. It's comfort food at its absolute finest. I can't wait to make it through their entire menu and I have absolute confidence that I'll find many more delicious gems just waiting to be devoured. 

The atmosphere and location couldn't be any better either. Sitting outside on a nice wintry Phoenix day in Garfield will no doubt yield some good people watching and you'll be thankful to just be where you are. 

In closing, I want to thank these folks for doing what they're doing. If you haven't been here yet, or if you're for some silly reason on the fence about giving it a shot, stop deliberating and get your tail over there. You'll be happy you did.
I just love everything about this place. The location, the outside seating, the vibe, the food ... everything.

The kitchen is very small. This vintage diner car was meant for one cook. So the two guys in there really have to hustle and work around each other. The food is top quality as well. My boyfriend and I split a PB&B Burger and the Bumblebee chicken sandwich on a biscuit. The chicken was probably my favorite, but it was impossible to eat like a lady. It's stacked so high that in order to get some in your mouth, you have to get some on your face. I gave up and just started stabbing at it with my fork. 

The best part of Welcome Diner is the atmosphere: twinkling lights, picnic style seating, and friendly staff. I'm not sure who was working this last Saturday night, but he was so friendly and knowledgeable. We had a good little conversation about the history of the diner car. 

This would be a great date place ... if that's something you're looking for. This is also a good place for a group of around 6 friends to take over a picnic table.
After years of being vacant, it's nice to see the Welcome Diner property revived. I'm impressed by the caliber of the menu that Michael has put together. And I love how there is Southern and Cajun style food. But even I couldn't have imagined something like the Holy Puerco--cheddar grit cake with cracklins and pulled pork. I also like the kale sandwich with the fried avocado. If you're getting the avocado, split it with a friend. Five pieces of that is a lot, in my opinion.

The biscuits are really unique. You can taste a difference from theirs and what you may get at another restaurant. The biscuit sandwich with the fried chicken and honey will hit just the right spot. I also like the biscuit with goat cheese and jam. And we can't forget about the peanut butter + bacon burger with fries. You may get some clogged arteries from sampling everything but it may just be worth it. I urge people to try this place. I'm sure it's only a matter of time before Guy Fieri parachutes in. 

I ended up writing about this place for an article on restaurants worth highlighting in Phoenix. Besides the food, I think this has a terrific location to build on being the "Cheers" of the Garfield neighborhood. The patio is really inviting and you can watch residents coming and going since it's in a residential area. It is quite hipster-dominated but that's just what a lot of Garfield and the Roosevelt Row area are. Hopefully there will be people to welcome this place for a long time to come.
Welcome Diner is a good place to go when the weather is nice and you've got lots of time on your hands. It's in kind of a strange neighborhood (you may see stray dogs running around) but the outside dining area is welcoming and cute. I don't like coming in here any kind of inclement weather because pretty much all of the seating is outside, which is a bummer at night or during the summer. Also, because the kitchen is so small and Welcome Diner is so popular, you may end up waiting 40 minutes for your food.

But....what saves Welcome Diner for me is the food. I love the fried chicken and the sausage biscuits and gravy. The sandwiches are also excellent! The orange juice is fresh-squeezed and refreshing, but the lemonade is on the bitter side and leaves something to be desired. I'd recommend the food at Welcome Diner to anyone, but the atmosphere isn't always a crowd-pleaser. I would love to see them in a brick and mortar, full-service restaurant! Maybe someday.
Ahhh, I read the reviews from "New-times the best of," and had a high expectation to eat. My veggie burger was bitter because it was burned on one side and I asked them, "is it normal burning bitter like this?" They said YES. (Only one side?? ). Really? I had better veggie burger even at Fat burger or even at Na mi. 
The flavor was nice actually on the first bite before I bite the burned side :(.
I am little bit disappointed. 
The prices for 2 burgers (veggie and peanut butter burger) and 1 lemon pie homemade (with over-dozed sugar flavor in one side and strong lemon taste at the center) total $20-ish. 
Peanut butter burger was good especially for them who love peanut butter in their burger.
Good food, attentive service, great ambiance. Hip but not unwelcoming to middle-agers like me. It was a little more pricey than I was expecting but the food is locally-grown. The "Carolina" BBQ sauce on the pulled pork is mustard-based. Pretty good but not what I (or most people familiar with the typical Carolina red sauce) would have expected. Maybe the mustard-based sauce is more common in SC. Hamburger and lemon meringue pie were yummy. All around pretty good.
Welcome Diner has become one of my Phoenix favorites. 

It's hard to tell which stands out the most, their amazing food preparations or their welcoming staff. 

1st patronage: we were able to sit inside the tiny trailer and the guys who were working that day were awesome. Great customer service, made us feel known and welcomed! That day I enjoyed the Welcome Burger with no regrets! Husband got the Big Jim & was very satisfied! 

2nd patronage: I popped by for an iced coffee (they serve Lux brew) , and the gal working (can't remember her name now, but she's got blue hair ;) was super friendly! She even hooked me up with a refill for the price of free, I was like wow, these folks are nice :)

3rd patronage: we weren't feeling meat, so we tried the Vegan Po' Boy...was surprised at what a delicious sandwich it was, nothing poor about it! 

Their fries are the best around. Their coleslaw is distinct. Their service is appreciated. I'm looking forward to enjoying more meals here. 

I'm busy and really don't have time to write reviews, but I'll type one up for a local business I want to support! They also use all local AZ grown ingredients folks. 

Don't be intimidated by the humble surroundings from the outdoor seating area. It's comfortable and unpretentious, a sweet little spot to enjoy some real good food.
Okay so I went to Welcome Diner this morning after seeing my friends IG post of his food a week ago. Met a friend and we sat inside was greeted by the entire staff including Wayne and Justin the Cook, our server was super cool too. Ordered the Sunrise Sandwich- A Biscuit for a bun with scrambled eggs, Cheese, Arugala and per the recommendation of our server added Chorizo....BOMB DOT COM I can't wait to go back and try some of the other things on the menu...just go and eat it's worth it!.
I had the pleasure of (finally) eating at Welcome Diner today and it was amazing! I can't wait to go back. 

I had the fried chicken biscuit sandwich and a side of fried avocado, both of which were great. Fried chicken was juicy and biscuit was flaky and tasted fresh. The fried avocado was awesome and like nothing I have had before. 

My friend got a collard green sandwich with a fried egg on top. She smashed it and then raved about how great it was. Each sandwich came with a side of fruit which was the perfect side for the heavy sandwiches. 

Like I said before I can't wait to go back!! Highly recommend, this is a local gem that I would love to see thrive.
Their red bean and rice are fabulous and the portion is super generous!  I also had the Kentucky Thoroughbred cocktail and it was amazing.  There's something about sitting knee to knee with strangers at a nine-person diner counter talking about food and life and watching the chef's work in the teensy-tiny kitchen.  But don't worry - if you need some space and want to enjoy the amazing AZ weather there's a HUGE patio and fun little order window... something for everyone!  For dessert I got the homemade biscuit with goat cheese and apple butter.  The biscuit was warm but the cheese was cold and that was a weird combination.  But overall everything was delicious and I will totally be back!!!
WOW  what a gem- cool spot for a off the grid epecurian delight.  Mike and Lou got it covered from Wiskey to Grits and Carlonia slaw  Fried chicken  a must  get the Big Jim or the Carol.  I will be back for Brunch next time I am in PHX. They serve PBR...Get that... PBR 16oz...Need to stock some Old Smokey shine...
I was looking for good comfort food in downtown Phoenix and that is exactly what you'll find at Welcome Diner. The staff was friendly, the environment was cozy and the food was too good to not finish! I can't wait to come back with a crowd to share such an experience!
This place makes me wish it was mine! The best home made biscuits, juicy off the bone fried chicken, great collard greens, and amazing catfish po boy.
Whhhhaaaat?! I have not reviewed these guys?! It's possibly because I was hoping to keep them my little secret. These guys took their Old Dixie food truck and took over this unique and eclectic location that has been home to other popups over the last couple of years. Inside seating is VERY limited 8 built in stools against a small counter. I love sitting inside but I often enjoy their out door seating during the summer and especially on these beautiful Phx winter nights. [They do lunch and brunch as well.] 

The Food: I have enjoyed everything I have tried here. They are known  for their biscuits, which are fairly large, sturdy enough to be used in their biscuit sandwiches but tender enough to enjoy with their homemade honey butter (the honey sourced from a small apiary in the neighborhood) or house made jelly/preserves or apple butter. Many of their veggies are often sourced out of the community garden when possible. They source locally as much as possible, and their menu adjusts seasonally, while keeping some of their popular favorites. They always offer vegetarian options and occasionally even vegan. [Skip the goat cheese on the beet tureen salad and that is a yummy vegan option]  
They make all food to order and honor substitutions or additions within reason.  Heck, for dinner one night I ordered their biscuit with goat cheese and smoked apple butter (found on the dessert menu) and asked if they could add bacon.  They gave me a bit of a raised eyebrow as they found the request unique and gladly served it up (and it was SOOO good) 

My favorites:
Anything with their fried chicken. 
Anything with their biscuits. 
Their french fries are  hand cut and fabulous. 
They smoke their own meats  (and sometimes apples for their smoked Apple butter) so try the Carolina or any smoked  sausage, pork chop, etc. that shows up on the specials board. 
Their burgers rock! (YOU HAVE to try the PB&B, well unless you have a peanut allergy). 
Their salads are lovely and tasty. 

They offer some select cocktails and a limited choice of liquor. But this doesn't matter because all you need to know is get a HURRICANE (or 3). You'll thank me later.
This place rocked. We were a little hesitant at first to try it bit it worked out. The location is right smack dab in the middle of a residential area and the diner literally sticks out of a house or possibly used to be a house but the food was phenomenal. All the seating is outdoor with a walk up window to order. The staff and the food choices definitely had a little hipster vibe. The collard greens were freaking amazing and the rest of the food was up to par for sure. Only complaint probably is that the drinks were a bit on the pricy side, $3.50 for a tall can of Pabsts. All in all, I would definitely visit again and again.
I had this place on a list of "gotta try" lunch places near my new job. Today was the day to give it a try and I was blown away. The place is super cute (tiny inside and a nice patio), awesome, unique menu, EXTREMELY friendly service and the food was killer. I chose the Bumble Bee, fried chicken breast, local honey, house made beer mustard and bread &  butter pickles on a huge homemade biscuit. How they got the chicken freakishly crunchy yet completely juicy on the inside is a mystery right up there with the Loch Ness Monster and Bermuda Triangle. For a side, I tried the fried avocado. Oh yes, I said it. Again, crispy beyond belief and soft creamy avocado on the inside. There may be voodoo happing in that tiny kitchen. I will be back to investigate further...maybe for brunch!
My kids and I love this place! The chicken biscuits are out of this world. So far I have tried the Captain Fantasy (talk about a kick) and the Bumble Bee (made with locally sourced honey) both have been fantastic. I have also had the Carol which is Kilt Lifter braised pulled pork on a biscuit, smoked in the back of course. 

The service has always been really friendly. The atmosphere is really laid back.  You will want to eat outside, as the inside is really small.  Pretty much the opposite of the Tardis (a little geek joke, nod if you get it).

My Step son recently got one of their burgers, and he said it was one of the best burgers he has ever had.  Definitely on my list to try soon.

All in all, its a place you have to try. You will not be disappointed in any way. oh did I mention that they are locally owned and locally sourced? So not only can you get good food, but feel good about it to.
I remember hurricanes.
Then I remember nothing.
So they must have been some pretty good hurricanes.
I've been here a few times now. I can't believe I hadn't reviewed this place like, right after my second visit when I got food but I digress. 

Welcome Diner is a cute restaurant with plenty of picnic tables outdoors. They do have some indoor seating, but it looks to be quite tiny and every time I've been is in a group. This is the spot for nice, sunny days-I've only been here when it's cool outside so I can't say much about what it'll be like in the summer. The neighborhood is a little sketchy, but not so much during the day. Since you're sitting outside, it's allowed for some pretty entertaining people watching.

The brunch here is awesome! I always get super excited when I can have biscuits and gravy (since the only animal I eat is of the fish variety). You can get biscuits with mushroom gravy!! The portion I got was huge and so dang tasty. 

The drinks are awesome! Get the Hurricane..even if just for the cashier to yell "HURRICANEEEE!" when you order it... It's pretty fun and adds to the overall experience.

I will definitely be back to try their dinner options and grab another delicious cocktail.
Finally got to try this place and it did not disappoint. Amazing burgers... 

The PB&B (peanut butter) was insane. The special was the champion burger with caramelized onions and it was great too, but I would definitely go with the peanut butter one again..and again. 

Also had a a homemade biscuit with honey and it was crazy good. Prob try a fried chicken biscuit sandwich next time. 

Place has a lot of character. Old RV converted into a restaurant. Minimal indoor seating but not a bid deal. Wish I lived closer... Great place.
Love the bumblebee chicken sandwich and the welcome burger was one of the juiciest I have ever tasted. Quick, friendly service. 4 stars because I couldn't find napkins
OH!  MY!  GOD! 
I don't understand how anyone could give this place less than 5 stars... Food is incredible, staff are friendly and welcoming, and the drinks are delicious, especially the Hurricane. I had the Carrie pulled pork sandwich and I can honestly say it was one of the best meals I have ever had. EVER! 
Don't listen to these winey bitches who give three stars... They obviously don't understand good food and good service. Would eat here every day if I didn't live so far away. Wow
This diner came well recommended by the nice folks at the Phoenix hostel just a few blocks away. Easy walking distance in this cool little neighborhood from the hostel and the fun stuff to do on 5th street. 

The old diner still has the 50's vibe with classic neon, but the food is non-classical diner fare (in a great way), is healthy and satisfying, and the folks working there are legit - down to earth and friendly. Just chill folks, no pretense, great food. 

It's awesome to be back in the "south" and see iced tea on the menu. I kept requesting more, and the cool tattooed chick just brought me out a pitcher, a whole bowl of lemon slices and a smile.  That's hospitality. 

I had the "KOKO", a hand breaded, fried chicken breast in a homemade biscuit with some kind of homemade remoulade, baby greens, tomato and a side of vinegar-based red coleslaw. Awesome. Friends had a deep fried avocado (vegan) po-boy and the other gad the fish po-boy, both of which looked great. 

Definitely coming back.

Edit:  BTW, just saw on their online menu that they have a beer terrine salad, don't know how I overlooked that last night, but I'm kicking myself. Any place that has beets on the menu gets an automatic A++.
I think I need a cardiologist on call after my delicious and greasy meal indulgence at Welcome Diner.  The burger, fried chicken sandwich on a biscuit, fries with gravy on top and fries with bacon and cheese on top are all heavenly.  Fried avocado Po' boy was also divine.  Add a few hurricanes and I was a happy camper.
I love this place! Bad for my cholesterol but who gives a damn! The proprietors are very cool, great ambience in "the hood." It puts the soul in soul food; can't wait to hang out there again soon as my Lipitor digests; just cool as it gets in Phoenix
Had to update my review to share that I had dinner here last weekend for the final day of Arizona Cocktail Week. Of course, I couldn't pass up half priced hurricanes!

I tried the Vegan Po'boy (fried avocado, kale, pico de gallo and chipotle remoulade on french bread) and it was magical...but left me wondering how the heck do you fry avocados? No, seriously??? I'm sure google will tell me later which will lead to fun experiments in the kitchen.... 

Customer service is top notch--everyone that works here is super friendly and the wait time for food wasn't too shabby. I really love the vibe of this place and predict many visits in the future. Day or night, this place is one of the top restaurants in Phoenix.
Everyone is very friendly and helpful. The Food was Great, my fiance had a welcome burger and the just custom made me a breakfast burger. The chef came in and made a burger he had just created and gave us a taste. Would totally drive down from LA again for another bite
Went here during first friday and it was a madhouse. I'm assuming things run a little smoother when the line isn't out the door so I give them the benefit of the doubt. Food is amazing all the way!
Great food, great people. Highly recommended for  community oriented, easy going individuals who also enjoy good a Americana meal.
Love the old diner feel. This place was absolutely delicious! I had the welcome burger & fries & my bf had the big jim. Both perfection!! I can't wait until next time so I can get the biscuit ;)
Just awesome. The biscuits are buttery, the chicken is juicy. The food is simple, done well, and delicious; plus it's minutes from our house. 
Can't wait to come back to try something else!
I'm from east coast and I'm trying to find the owner to let me allow this place in my strip mall this food is truely a touch of its own will hit every tasty bud....please understand!!!!!!!!''''''''you will leave leave happy and talking about"I wish I was their neighbor"'''! This spot will leave its mark....watch our in n out burger....be worried if people know what they are !!!
I love this place. All items on the menu are worthy to try them. My favorite one is the Koko (biscuit with fried chicken). The service is a bit slow but they are so sweet and cool that who cares?
Decided to try this place out after reading the review here. My Wife and I are glad we did. 

This place was sooo good. A true diamond in the rough. 

The food was perfect. My Wife had the welcome burger and fries. It came out cook exactly the way she asked. I tried the big jim and the cannibal fries. I was only able to eat mine with a fork and knife. It hit the spot. The fires we excellent!!. 

We each had a drink with our meal, they did not disappoint either. 

I would eat here all the time if I lived closer, so maybe that is a good thing. I would weight about 500lbs. 

If you are even remotely close, check this place out!!!
Went here with some friends on Saturday for brunch. Ordered the Big Jim and sunrise. The big JIM was a little salty and the sunrise just didn't hit the mark. The chorizo was excellent.  The holy puerco was the best dish, I highly recommend. 

I will return for lunch and dinner to see if it gets better. I would recommend going at least once, don't be afraid of the neighborhood.
This place is AWESOME... I had their  Green Fried Tomato sandwich...it is sooooo good..wanted to go back for dinner....we are from Queen Creek , AZ   .. we had a party of 15 ....service was fantastic and personable...everything was fresh ....will go back..
Thank you Welcome Diner for making our visit very enjoyable..
This tiny neighborhood spot virtually looks like either a converted food truck or a small food trailer. Outside on the front lawn are many tables and chairs, as inside you will find only 9 seats at the very retro counter.

The menu is southern comfort food. Super greasy, generous portions, all cooked grilled and prepared in what is probably the smallest kitchen in the valley.

This is the spot for a behemoth burger, biscuits smothered in gravy, and even fried green tomatoes.  With a "biscuits" menu, featuring fried chicken drowning in country gravy, cheddar, and bacon - it is a bypass waiting to happen.  However, there are lighter healthier biscuit choices that come topped with sauteed Kale and fried egg...but this place truly is a destination for abandoning healthy choices and diving head first into fat and calories.
Went there again today with family from OOT, they loved the food and the atmosphere. Just a fun, cool place, come on down.
Biscuits,  pbr tall boys, craft beers on draft... need I say more? I always end up here as an attempt to sober up after hitting up the bars off of Roosevelt. Long story short it never happens because they sell beer and I just end up getting extra wasted. But, it's okay! Their food is a great hangover cure, so I just come back the next morning and stuff myself with the best biscuits EVER. Hangover situation averted.
My wife, the picky vegetarian had some bizarre avocado sandwich and a side of brussel sprouts.  If we end up moving to Phoenix, this restaurant may be the reason why.
Nom Nom Nom.  The food here is so delicious!  My personal favorite is the fried green tomato sandwich and next would be the carol.  Of course my all time favorite is no longer on the menu, i am told if requested when not slammed, if all ingredients are there, they will make that too!  Goodness I love this place.  If you haven't eaten here, what are you waiting for?
So much yes. 

I've been here 3 times now, and every time was awesome. The food is bomb, I've had the little birdy (chicken & cheddar cheese on a biscuit), the grilled cheese, & some sort of fries with cole slaw & other delicious stuff on top. Never disappoints. The service is super friendly & the owner came to check up on us & make us feel welcome, always a plus.

The atmosphere is great, super laid back & everyone is friendly. Makes you feel like you have nothing better to do than eat delicious food & drink yummy hurricanes and hang out. 

Yeah, the hurricanes... Get one. So tasty. And I don't even like rum... Or pineapple. 

Enough said, I think I'm a new regular.
Amazing food, amazing staff. Only one time did I go where I wasn't impressed. Top of biscuit burnt and chicken dry. Other than that food and service has been superb. Great comfort food and a nod to the south with the fried green tomato sandwich!!
This place is amazing!  I had the whitefish po-boy and ice tea.  My friends had biscuit sandwiches And a couple cocktails, rave reviews all around!
Went back for dinner the other night.  Party of four for drinks and food. It was great ... We had The Koko, Fried Green Tomato sandwich, Avacado Po'Boy and Little Birdy. Rounded out with Carol Fries and Brussels Sprouts. Mmmmmm, Mmmmmm Good.  Added some drinks and friendly banter from Morgan and a good night was had by all!  

Thanks Welcome Diner for a great night!
I had a spring salad and my friend had a welcoming breakfast. Both of them are great! If they can use a bigger bowl for salad , it will be better because it is hard to toss the salad in a small bowl.
Cute little diner right in the middle of the neighborhood. Stopped here real quick before taking my sister to the airport. We each had a biscuit sandwich: she had the chicken and biscuit with bacon, cheese, and gravy and it was great and I had the one with chicken, honey, mustard, and pickles and it was excellent.  2 sandwiches and a coke to split was $21.
Great food, great drinks, great atmosphere, AND a great staff! Say whaaaaaaaaaat?!?!?  

I had a brief, but torrid affair with the grilled cheese, and that delicious SOB left me wanting more!  

I HIGHLY recommend this spot!!!
I trekked all the way to this place from the Convention Center.  I was a little unsure if I was headed to the right place, since Welcome Diner is located in a neighborhood, but I'm so glad that I found it.  My food was delicious and the staff seemed genuinely friendly and interested in how I thought that the food was, which is always the sign of a good chef.  I did have to wait a little bit, but I didn't mind too much, since it's a small establishment.  People should be forewarned that there is very limited seating indoors and that most of the seating is outdoors on the patio.  I personally thought that it was nice to sit outside, especially with the mural on painted on the fence/wall, but I understand that it might not be so comfortable to sit outside at the picnic tables in extremely hot Phoenix weather, especially if it was a busy day and you had to share a bench/table with a bunch of people you don't know.

I got a fried green tomato sandwich on sourdough with house-made corn salsa and arugula.  It was fantastically delicious.  The ingredients were fresh and everything from the toasting of the bread to the battering of the tomatoes was well-executed.  Although the sandwich was filling and came with a slice of cantaloupe, I wish that it had come with some sort of side, like home-made potato chips, for the price.  Alongside my sandwich, I had a tasty Four Peaks stout.
Here in Phoenix for business and since eating by yourself is not fun....I wanted a local spot to enjoy dinner.  And oh boy did I find a GREAT spot.  Welcome Diner provides a unique atmosphere and the weather was awesome.  

I highly recommend the KoKo - Chicken Biscuit Sandwich with a creamy spicy sauce, fried chicken, arugula, tomato and some other stuff with a side of watermelon.  Absolutely delicious!!!

I also treated myself to the Beignets which were so good and I wish I could have finished them all but I was stuffed.

And get a Hurricane; fresh and perfect too!

Staff was great, friendly and if I am back in Phoenix again, I will definitely come back to the Welcome Diner!
My friend and I are super cool. And by super cool, I mean we went while it was raining, and did not realize that indoor seating was an option. 

We eventually were pulled in by the friendly staff, and they helped us bring our food in. Kudos to you guys. I had the peanut butter and bacon burger. What's not to like? Peanut butter? Good. Meat? Good. Bacon? Gooooooooood!

We also ordered the poutine fries. Not your traditional poutine fries at all, but still delicious nonetheless. 

Love the decor and the brunch menu looks amazing. The area is great to explore, so me and my friend will definitely be back!
This place was off the hook!! As I say, "hella good"! Like hella gooooooooooooood! I strongly recommend this place especially with a group of friends around sunset to kick back at this chill establishment with cool outdoor lighting and throw back some drinks before your meal. 

By the way, if you gotta whizz...prepare to step into an airplane sized bathroom literally right next to the kitchen...so hopefully you will not need to DO anything else there...haha

Great eats tho, everyone in my party loved their dishes. Cheers.

JP@
First off, the food is incredible. The menu is very simple and to the point. Don't let that fool you. 

I got the sausage corn dogs. YUMMY. A must try. Also the fried green tomato sandwich. The bread they use is quality and so tasty. 

I gave it 4 stars because I feel like the staff could be friendlier. And eventually, I'd love a bigger beer selection. 

Try. This. Place.
Sheer deliciousness! Had the sunrise... It was in a biscuit, absolutely delightful, very filling and superbly made.
To add to that, the atmosphere is relaxed and laid back, and the experience is very different from the normal fare.

The staff was pretty friendly and checked on us several times. (I guess it helps that you add the gratuity while ordering+paying, instead of after the meal?)
Part of the charm of this place is that it is in a poor residential neighborhood in downtown Phoenix, not far from 7th St.  Also, you could easily drive by and not even notice it exists.  So charming and the loveliest of dives you will ever visit (or shizzhoels as I call them).

Now, about the food and experience.  When you walk inside there is only about 8 or so counter seats in what looks like a converted studio home/living room.  The feeling when you walk in however, is that someone beamed you into the 1950's.  Authentic and totally retro.

Now, the best for last... the food is not your typical diner food.  Much more creative and original than any diner I have ever been to.  And being from NY I KNOW diners!  Practically grew up in them.  This diner, while having a VERY limited menu (when compared to any NY diner), each and every dish is incredible.  Try the Big Jim!  It will wow you... Fried Chicken breast  with cheddar, bacon, homemade biscuit buns and gravy.  Wowah!  (Oh, and definitely not the dish or the place to be if you wanna eat healthy!  More the once in a blue moon calorie splurge place... at least for me.)

Oh and order off the menu the "Cannibal Fries".  Simply off the chain.  Fresh cut potato fries with caramelized onions, cheddar and homemade russian dressing.  (Deep Breath!)
Really 4.5 stars. 

I love riding my bike here and I love devouring their share fries.....I NEVER SHARE!!!!! 

Awesome neighborhood place!
My family and I went to Welcome Diner last night. So, there were several different items ordered and EVERYTHING was so good!  I had the fried avocado po'boy. The bread was toasted the perfect amount. There was a great pico de gallo and kale topping the fried avocado. That fried avocado was amazing! It was so creamy yet crunchy! Yum! My husband had the champion burger. He said it was really good, especially the bacon jam. My brother in-law has the big Jim. It was huge! A biscuit, giant piece of fried chicken and the thickest gravy ever! I tried some and it was so good! Creamy and sinful! The last thing I tasted was the Brussels sprouts. Omg! Goooood! They were crispy and tasty! Only downside was the fries were a little salty. I would definitely go back. The atmosphere is exactly what downtown Phoenix is all about! I loved it!
Back when Welcome Diner was just burgers, hot dogs, and giant chocolate chip cookies served on greasy paper plates speckled with ants (or "protein sprinkles" as momma called 'em) it was simply a welcome diner. Now it's so much more than that.

Have you ever watched someone hand you a glass of local red wine blend through a trailer window? How about a Sazerac? Well, it's time to change that. (Here I am assuming you said no. If you said yes, please un-see this section and continue.) When you start your meal with a southern throwback cocktail and finish it with homemade beignets, you best believe that whatever comes in between is going to knock your socks off. This is fine because you're probably sitting outside, so the dress code is pretty nonexistent, anyway.

My crew ordered the three most talked-about items on the menu. The peanut butter burger is the safe option + a bit of "flare" that is essentially peanut sauce. The meat is delicious, as is the bun and everything else between it. We also had the Carol, which was a unique BBQ pulled pork & biscuit sandwich with slaw... a mustard-y spin on a stack of down-home delicious. Last but DON'T YOU EVER THINK LEAST, the Bumblebee fried chicken & biscuit sandwich with honey and amazing b&b pickles. Us Southerners opted to scoot the mustard to the side and let the honey shine, but you could probably do anything to this fried chicken and it would still be incr-edible. Just get it. Get a bucket of it.

Now let's talk beignets. (Don't you wish people said that to you more often? You're welcome.) You can get them with powdered sugar & honey or peanut butter & jam. The waitress literally said the pb&j beignets were her favorite thing in the world, and then quickly added her daughter as a frontrunner to the favorites list. Not knowing her taste in dessert, or daughters for that matter, I trusted her immediately and was thrilled with the combination of light, lemony fried dough juxtaposed with fresh berries and creamy peanut butter. Ain't nothing wrong with the classic, but damn it, it's 2014. The matrimony between pb&j and beignet shouldn't even be questioned.

TL;DR - The Welcome Diner isn't just tasty, it's soulful and lovely. Bring an insatiable appetite and leave with a permasmile.
Not too many diners get good reviews but this was a well deserved. Happy friendly staff. 

Locale is not the best but the food makes up for it. 

This was right of the plane and hungry place- good choice. They have a bloody merryish beer drink. Interesting!
My family was driving through Phoenix and told me they were stopping here. I was confused at first, as I had never seen this place, and it appeared to be I. A neighborhood. Don't let that fool you, just go. 

Everything was delicious. We got various different chicken biscuit sandwiches and burgers. Fries were great. Cole slaw was good, and I don't even like cole slaw. Very heaven food, may die after, but worth it at least once.
THIS PLACE is great. I love this joint. The staff is awesome and the food is great. Their grilled cheese is so good. I also love their beer selection and their full bar. I have a hard time decided what to order when I go here because everything looks so good. This place is tucked away and can easily be passed up, but don't make that mistake. I love it here.
Not your ordinary diner food , but with a great twist on food and drinks.
A culinary find.  They use only the best and freshest local ingredients.
Daily salads are a work of art.  Great people serving great food.
Holy shit!! You must eat here!! I live in the Bay Area and I still get cravings for that sandwich with buffalo sauce and blue cheese on it!! Why can't they be here in CA?! And that front porch tho!!! So sunny and warm! The staff and the customers who come here are awsome!
YOU.MUST.EAT.HERE! 
Everything is to delish but the burgers are to die for.
The blue cheese burger is by far my fave but on our last visit we found it had been removed from the menu because they rotate the burgers out. Hesitantly, I tried the peanut butter burger....and oh.my.god! The oddest concoction, but delicious! 

Ps....please bring back ol' blue!!
It was a really cool environment and unique from the vast majority of the Phoenix area. We enjoyed their commitment to fresh and quality ingredients. Everything we ordered was delicious and reasonably priced. The staff was very friendly and prompt. 

HIghly recommend to come after dark in the summer because it is so blazing hot (mostly outdoor seating). We will definitely be returning for more pulled pork fries!
My fianc came here for a late anniversary dinner around midnight. I ordered a special burger they had called the Jose I believe and my fianc ordered the Carol. We both absolutely LOVED our food. The burger I ordered had a jalapeno relish with onions and it was just amazing. The Carol was also really delicious and unlike any other pulled pork sandwich we had ever eaten. The staff was very friendly and it was lit cutely with string lights. We are so happy to have a late night spot to dine in Phoenix that's not a fast food restaurant. I absolutely love this place and we will definitely be back!
Loved. Super duper friendly service. The bumble bee was delicious and filling. Chicken was juicy and flavorful. They made me a margarita even though not on the menu. The boyfriend was very pleased they played the pixies. Casual, neighborhood vibe.
What a great place. The food is amazing, the portions are huge, and the atmosphere is friendly. I really enjoyed having the carol over fries, with slaw... yum.
Fun local place to hang out and grab a bite when it's a reasonable temperature outside. My bumblebee was excellent. They definitely have the fried chicken and biscuits down.  My friends' three burgers were all overcooked to well-done without the any hint of pink. They're not burger snobs like I am and had no complaints but i probably would have. I also felt the drinks were weak or watered down for $10 a pop. I'll probably be back to try some other food, but it wasn't a home-run as I had hoped.
Visiting from LA, looked for a place to eat late at night and found this place. Would recommend the Champion burger, pulled pork fries, sunrise biscuit, and beignets
Wow my friend found them on yelp what amazing food had welcome burger excellent.   Also had the corn dog appetizers wow the ladies I was with said it's the best hurricane they have ever had.  Great job guys a definite go to location for everyone. ..
Tried the fried tomato sandwich, jackfruit sandwich, fries, and squash blossoms... all absolutely fantastic! We also really enjoyed the biscuit with jam for dessert. Everything about this place was great, there was plenty of parking and it wasn't crowded on a Saturday night. The chef and staff were friendly, funny, and so much fun. The diner lived up to its name and if I had one last/first/only meal in Phoenix it would be here.
Ahhhh! The best burger I think I've had! (the champion?) This place has redeemed my first impression of Phoenix! My beloved and I were just passing through. Phoenix was hot (really hot), congested, and filled with erratic drivers, leading to stress and grumpiness. The Welcome Cafe took us in with open arms. Awesome food, awesome drinks, awesome people. We laughed and joked with everyone at the bar like they were family. We'd be here at least once a week if we lived here. Well Done!!
Had the Mac and Cheese with Chicken and the Biscuits and Gravy with fried chicken. Both were hands down the amazing!! The restaurant is unique looking and has mainly outdoor seating. A great place with character and its open late. A MUST TRY while you are in the Phoenix Downtown Area.
After an awesome experience with Lo-lo's, I thought I'd expand my horizon by trying out other soul food places in the area.

Bobby C's seem like a cool bar....but unfortunately, it wasn't so cool a place for dinner.  

We ordered fried catfish, fried chicken and country fried steak.  They came with sides of dirty rice, corn bread, green beans, collard greens and mac & cheese.  All the fried stuff were decently crispy, but somewhat unseasoned and not particularly memorable.  

The sides stood out more...but not in a good way.Rarely do I wish that a restaurant would use Kraft's blue box for the Mac & Cheese, but in this case it would have been an improvement.  The "fresh" green beans has the distinct taste of a tin can.  Corn muffin was dry.  

It'll be hard to get me to stray from Lo-lo again
If you ain't out lookin for Bobby C's, well, Bobby C just ain't gonna come lookin for you.

We all wanna talk about 'hidden gems', and such heavy words are so lightly thrown, but Bobby C's is definitely worth scavenging around downtown for a sample of their southern soul food.

A few months have passed since that visit and I can still sense the taste of their gravy topped chicken fried steak with a side of potato salad and dirty rice.  Christ, is that making your mouth drown in yearn?  They've got all the other fixins as well ... smothered pork chops, fried chicken, hot wings, catfish, fried shrimp, meat loaf, collard greens, candied yams, black eyed peas, green bean ... they EVEN have a vegetarian platter (my gf jumped on that grenade for NO reason as she's only about a 60-40 veggie -- but chose the wrong time to sway to the green side.  Um.)

The bar itself is limo-dark and festive near the end of proper happy hour time.  We got there about 6 or 6:30 and we were three of about 8 people in there.  By the time we left the dining area and most of the bar was full.  We got Miller Lites cos that how we were rollin this day, I suppose, and we even got to smoke a square in the parking lot with our waitress who was all fired up about something to do with her ex.  She was a badass.

They've got live music nights too and what seems to be a semi-formal jazz-supper club.  How they are crushing all of these dynamics into such a tiny space is kind of wondrous.  I couldn't really peg this place properly, so I'm just gonna go ahead and give it another go.  One thing I AM certain of, is this place is leagues better than neighborhood giant Mrs. White's Golden Rule.
I'm always the only white guy in here, so that alone can be frightening at times, but one thing you can count on is good music, a good strong drink, and a friendly crowd. The place has a lot of atmosphere and culture, and is very sociable. You will definitely meet a few cool folks if you hang out here long enough.
Good food and better music ... A great hang out place... I wont certainly recommend it for a 3 course dinner or such, but definitely a great place to get together with some of your good ol'd buddies... And yeah, chicken wings are awsome !!
Fried catfish, side of red beans and rice, along with the yams please. This place never fails to take me back home to Louisiana. The atmosphere is laxed, and for the most part have either a DJ or live music. Order a few drinks while you wait for the grub...the bartenders are point with adding more than enough alcohol. This place is really hidden so keep an eye out.
This place reminds me of all hangout places ('katta' in Marathi, my local language!) that we used to go to, back in the day in India... owners, and in general everyone that comes here, are very friendly... food is decent, though I have never gone to this place for food as such... 

I was going through some reviews here and found that people didn't like to have dinner here... but the problem is not with the restaurant... the real problem is that some people just don't distinguish essence of different places... there are some places where you go to eat and never should care about the ambiance if you really wish to enjoy the food... because the essence of some places is a well prepared food and not ambiance... and some vice-versa... Bobby C's is exactly a place where I don't give a damn whether the preparation is A+ Italians quality with A+ British Victorian class silverware... this, to me, is a place to sit down and relax, listen to some jazz/r&b or similar... hear people sing on karaoke... refresh my soul and mood and get some snoring sleep afterward... 

that's what this place is to me... a place where I can be with my friends or fiancee, never worry about pockets-picker-rates-menus or same old songs played over and over again till you die of boredom, enjoy some cool music and warm people... to those who hail from India or similar countries where college going students still hang out at 'kattas' with their same-sex friends and don't make fuss of a-be-in-a-relation-or-else-you are-a-gay syndrome, this place is a true american version of 'katta' ..

(dang, I miss my college days back in India !)
We decided to stop for a bite at Bobby C's tonight before we went to Symphony Hall via Metro Rail. It's right across from the Washington and 12th Street station. 

The staff were all super friendly and told us that times had been hard during construction, but that now things are so good, they are also open for lunch. They have live music quite often- jazz, Latin jazz, and blues.

It took quite a while for our food to come out, but it was really good when it arrived. The mac & cheese was among the best we've had in town, and my Southern fried chicken was four large whole wings with a super savory coating. Totally delicious! They also have a veggie plate- your choice of any 3 of their sides. Hubby had the black-eyed peas (loved 'em!), the yams (sweet and yummy) and mashed potatoes (tasted like boxed to me). They also serve the muffins my husband remembers from his many years  in the South- really sweet and tender like a cross between corn muffins and white cake. The iced tea was really fresh. 

Somebody tell John V. he doesn't have to be scared anymore. Bobby C's is definitely on the map, and he won't be "the only white guy in here" anymore.
Update:

I don't mind $8.5 for wings as that is about average for a dozen wings. But when I get them and there are only 6, I'm never coming back to your restaurant. $17 for a dozen buffalo wings? HA! What the hell are you guys thinking?
Went to Bobby C's last night and had a pretty good time.  Its a little hard to find when traveling down Washington, but I think that makes it a little bit more awesome.

The place is kinda small and quaint and has some cool little tables to sit at...pretty much what I thought of seeing at a place that is supposed to have decent southern food.  Apparently they have live music that plays every now and then, so I'm likely to go back for that.

The staff is great and the food is just about as I had imagined - awesome.  I didn't grow up in the south, but when I get a chance to eat some authentic southern food, I am all about it.  My friend mentioned (she swears she wasn't complaining) that the po-boy was served with the wrong bread, but I thought it looked pretty good.  I had some chicken fried stead, green beans, mashed potatoes, and some sweet corn bread - definitely an awesome meal!

I will be recommending this to anyone that asks me for any southern food restaurants in the future. :-)
Woah, this place is great!  On my first visit I walked in and was immediately greeted by 4 different "hello"'s, "welcome"'s, and smiling faces.  What a warm welcome right off the bat.

It was a little hard to find, but once you find it, you will be so glad you did.  Their food is amazing!  I have been twice now and have had their pork chops, hot links, and chicken wings, all were perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, and tasted excellent!  I was a bit hesitant with the hot links, as often they come way too greasy for my taste, but these were grilled to perfection and not overly greasy.  I was very impressed.  I have also tried their dirty rice (spicy and dirty with ground beef, great!), black eyed peas, and their french fries.  The fries were just fries, but seasoned well.... everything else was spot on.  I really enjoyed their dirty rice.  I've had a lot of different types of dirty rice, and this was very unique and very tasty.

Their chicken deserves its own paragraph here.  Seriously.  I order their fried chicken "not battered", so they basically season the chicken and drop it in the deep fryer.  OMFG.  I've eaten my share of fried chicken, but their chicken, by far, is better than anything I have ever eaten..... easy.  In fact, my mouth is literally watering as I type this.  Go, eat their chicken. 

The environment was nice... low light, dark decor, great old school tunes being spun by a dj on the 1's and 2's. 

Don't worry, if you don't eat wheat or gluten, just tell them and they will make sure your meal is made without, no issues here.  Very accommodating.
This place had the most AMAZING meatloaf, fried chicken, and mac & cheese. I also ordered a side of greens which were good but a little too salty for me. 

I don't order meatloaf at restaurants mainly because I know it'll probably be dry or have no flavor, but I had this feeling that Bobby C's would make it perfectly. I wasn't disappointed. It had this slight crunchiness on the outside that was like little heavenly crunchy bits. 

The fried chicken beat the pants off of any other soul food restaurant I've been to. It was so juicy and to die for. The mac and cheese was another hit. Next time I'm going to order the mashed potatoes and gravy as well! 

The staff was really friendly and the atmosphere was loungy with great old school tunes being played on their nice sound system.
I had no idea what to expect when a friend picked this place for a late dinner last night.  It's nothing fancy, just plain and simple soul food served in a dark lounge-like setting with some great tunes playing in the background.  Having grown up in the south, I tend to be a little picky as far as my soul/southern food goes, but from what I can tell, Bobby C's comes pretty close to the real thing.  I ordered the fried shrimp with collard greens and mac-and-cheese.  Everything was very good (obviously not good for you, though).  The shrimp tasted great: perfectly battered and lightly fried.  Their special sauce had a nice spicy tang to it.  I also thought the collard greens were delish.  If I had to identify some downfalls, it would be their prices and portions.  Shrimp is expensive, and I got plenty of large shrimps with my $14 platter.  But the two side orders came out in those little monkey dishes you might receive in a school cafeteria.  I would guess that each contained approximately 3 bites of food (very tasty food).  We ended up there because we were hungry and my appetite could have used more.  I've never left a southern/soul food place feeling hungry, ever before, but I did last night.  Maybe it was my inner beast or maybe not.  For $14, I would expect a food baby at this type of place, but didn't come close.  But that is my only complaint.  I would definitely go back if only for the atmosphere and to grab a drink.
Bobby C's is what a neighborhood pub is all about.  The fact that it serves up soul food and hosts some amazing music is icing on the cake.

But what makes the family owned and operated bar & lounge stand out is the fact that, from the minute you walk it, until you leave, you're treated like a member of their family. with in minuted we were joking and kidding around, a few minutes later, we were being given a tour of the facility, including their overflow seating next door.

Until now, it's been a hidden gem with a loyal following of people into live jazz and R&B, or this looking to sate their southern food cravings.  However, with a light rail stop outside, I predict it will be getting a whole lot more attention, (Hint: it is a must stop venue for any Light Rail pub crawls)
Went to Bobby C's this weekend as a stop on a Light Rail Pub Crawl. The bar was very cozy on the inside and had live jazz playing. It was my first visit and I would definitely like to go back and spend more time listening to the music and having a couple of drinks.  The only reason this bar lost a couple of stars in my rating because the beers were kind of pricey, $4 for a bottle of Miller Light seems high in my opinion and the bar tender seemed to be miffed by our arrival. Maybe we just got him on an off day.
i agree with anita's review.  the beer could stand to be a little cheaper.  the place was dead when we arrived.  NOTE- this is stop #2 on a day drinking venture courtesy of the lightrail and friends celebrating a 30th birthday.  live jazz -4 guys on 4 diff instruments and the cardinals game playing helped make this stop special.  the group we came in with contained about 12 people and we all fit in the bar area but if this place gets packed 4getaboutit!
We went to Bobby C's last Sunday after a busy weekend full of activities and were instantly treated like family. Our fried chicken and country fried steak dinners were excellent as was the service. I highly recommend Bobby C's.
This Review Brought to you by the Letter "L"

Bobby C's has become somewhat of a tradition for us on Light Rail Pub Crawls.  We found them by accident the first time when my friend shoved me off the train and I almost got left behind....

The first time we went in, they seemed excited to have our business and we were almost sad to go.

The second time they had live music playing, and they wanted to charge a cover.  Since we were only there for one drink, we were about to pass, when they offered us the VIP room.  Basically, they stuck us in a dining room that's not connected to the main bar.  But they brought us our own bartender and hooked us up. 

Based on the first 2 visits, my review should be higher, but then we went on Friday.  Ok, so a group of 20 already somewhat intoxicated people are somewhat daunting.  Plus - they waived cover if you had an active light rail pass.  Minus - they segregated us into the back room again.  

What really gives them this ranking, is that we were drinking the alphabet and were on the letter "L" (bet you didn't see that one coming.)  So we ordered Lemondrops - see they start with the letter L - now it all becomes clear.

Ok, not sure what planet they got these "lemons" from - but my god they were terrible.  Ass drops was more like it.  I mean, horrible.  I can't even describe the taste.  We tried dumping sugar into them, no help.  Finally, we poured sprite into the drinks and by plugging our noses, were able to choke them down.  Well, I drank Brian's in addition to my own (I wasn't gonna waste the booze!)

We felt pressured to stay, but with no music, no entertainment at all and no decent drinks, we had to boogie back to the train.  

Will Bobby C's stay on our rotation, possibly, as it's such a tradition now, I'm just glad we have stops before and after it!
Double dated last night for Jazz nite @ Bobby C's. They were very welcoming there. Even though it was our waitresses first night, she did a great job! 

The enormous fried BBQ shrimp were delicious with the magic white/tangy sauce that was brought out with them. The fried catfish was perfectly cooked and also got a smattering of that delicious sauce. The collard greens were salty, but to the approval of my boyfriend (who can't get enough salt). I balanced the saltiness of the collard greens with the candied yams (I can't get enough sweet)! 
The portions are generous and once again, that sauce is perfection! 

We enjoyed the free Jazz that was playing, "The Adam Clark Trio". They were very entertaining, and I suggest seeing them on Tuesday nights. 

I will definitely be back!!
.  Angel, daughter of the Lounge's owner Joy is a HOOT!!  I love her personality.  It's not a fancy place, little hole in the wall type place. They have been open for 8 years and have had a pretty steady following.  There is art on the walls (LOVE the Dizzie Gillespie painting... thinking of buying it) painted by a local artist.  Live music on Wednesdays/Fridays.  Wednesdays step classes (the Al B. look alike) and they have another separate dining-type area.  Wednesday nights they hold something called a conversation party.  Random 5 topics are chosen (we had a peek at last night's conversations) EX:  Are momma's boys a good or bad thing?   What makes a partner in a relationship think they need to start playing games?  What is most important to you in your professional career?

Apparently some of these discussions, as you can imagine - adding the alcohol ingredient - can get pretty heated.  It seemed to be a big group last night... 15-20 people.  

So after dinner, catfish, PORK CHOPS TO DIE FOR!! So tender, fried hot wings, mac 'n cheese, mashed potatoes, LOTS AND LOTS of hot sauce, we heard the band start warming up.   YES!!  GREAT music.  People walked in wearing their Sunday best and others walked in wearing jeans.  It's an everyone knows everyone's name type of place.  Older people and the younger started trickling in around 8PM.  

Definitely a fun experience.  Good times.
I loved this place! Although not very diverse in the makeup of the crowd (we were the only Latinos in the place), it had a great vibe and a very friendly atmosphere. The bartenders were awesome and the drinks were great! Angel, the female bartender, was as sweet as can be and chatted with us for a few minutes. She actually grew up in the Bay Area (where I currently live), so it was nice to talk to someone from the area. LOVED HER. Chris, the male bartender, was also very friendly and kept checking with us to make sure we were doing alright. The DJ was playing a mix of Old School Funk with a little R&B, which was great for the relaxed atmosphere. The bar area has cameras showing what's going on on the dance floor in the other room, which was kind of interesting. All in all, we had a great time. I'll definitely be coming back to Bobby C's the next time I'm in Phoenix!
I had a Blast a Bobby C's I won sum Concert tickets, Got to learn all kinds of bomb steps... The People were really friendly from employees to the customers. Dj was popping doing his thang, Drinks were rite, Food was even better... I would definitely go back.
I really hate to give this place a 3 stars but I'm a pretty harsh critic. Nothing was wrong, but I just know I will never go back... because I haven't.

It's a place for older people... which is why I gave it a three stars. Also the drinks were watered down.

I went when I first visited Phoenix (before I moved) my aunt and her BF brought me. My Aunt's BF is close with the owner. So we sat at the table with the owner and his daughter laughing and talking. I was the youngest one in the bunch but that didn't matter.

I did decided to order their chicken because my aunt said it was super good! So I ordered it and she was RIGHT! I'm not a big fried chicken person, but this was good. It was a very laid back place... so if your older it's PERFECT! If your in your early 20s like me... this place may bore you. 

All in all it's a ok place... but for sure I won't be going back.
Save your money, gas, and time.  Over priced and food took way too long to get to our table.  I went once before and it was ok the second time I was sad I spent date
Night here with friends.  I was embarrassed we suggested this place.  You want great chicken go to Lolos in Phoenix!  Sorry.
I was excited to find a Popeyes here is AZ. The ones I used to go to in Louisiana were good. They had etouffee and mardi gras cheesecake that were great. This one is awful. The chicken was old and not fresh. The red beans and rice were runny. It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.
One of the few joys in life is southern fried chicken! 

In greater Phoenix, you need to work hard to find a Popeye's, and to some extent a Churches.  So we were happy to see the Cajun folks from NOLA haven't given up on us just yet.

This Popeyes is part of a Circle K gas station and is a few blocks from the 101.  It's not necessarily easy on/easy off, but close.  The gas station and fast food folks tend to go back forth and because of the neighborhood it can get a little sketchy at night, so use the drive thru.

For those who have dined only at the Colonel's, this might be a shock to the system!  Popeyes serves both Cajun spicy and regular fried chicken, but I've found their Sides to be outstanding.  

You have red beans and rice, Cajun mash potatoes (ask for extra gravy), and if you can find it, the best onion rings in fast food-land.  

Sadly, I must report that Popeyes no longer has Cajun Sparkle (packets of Cajun spices) with MSG.  If you thought a double latte got your heart started, then Cajun Sparkle with MSG was a lot more fun!  LOL!

Enjoy!
This place shares with a Circle K.
Hate to say it, but get your 44oz. drink in Circle K for 86 cents to go with your chicken.

But I'm here just to deliver my Inside Skinny:
Tuesday deal for a leg n thigh is no longer 99 cents, it's $1.29.
If you've had issues with freshness, go on a Tuesday, everyone knows about this deal and they're making lots of chicken all the time. LOAD UP!!! I get 5 orders and make it last a few days.

MY PIG-OUT STUNT:
Take the layer of skin from the top of a thigh and place on a plate crunchy side down, then peel off a chunk of chicken from the piece and place it on top of the skin. Apply a really generous amount of Frank's Red Hot or Trappey's Red Devil cayenne sauce. Fold skin like a taco and shove the whole thing in your mouth!!!!

No one can top this deal.
Church's tried but they just couldn't hang.
Sometimes the Popeye's thighs are a little small, but still what a deal!
Attire: Formal (Jacket Required)
HAHAHAHA!!! I just had to.
Service is iffy at times but food is always great!
Unlike KFC, here they know how to make fried chicken right, and cheap too, particularly on Tuesdays when they practically give it away.
My favorite stop for fast food fried chicken! The spicy chicken is the greatest, and so are the biscuits.. The mac and cheese also wins, but the portion sizes of the sides served with the family meals could be WAY BIGGER. C'mon  Popeye! Don't skimp on the cajun rice and beans, yo!
We showed up and ordered a total of 54 pieces of chicken and all the sides.  Service was very quick and friendly.  All food was perfect.  Great Popeyes location.  Wish there were more Popeyes in the valley.
They food is AMAZING but the service is horrible and the place is so dirty. There were bugs crawling everywhere made us loose out appetite. I love me some Popeyes chicken but not when the place is this dirty. I've worked at a Popeyes before so I know how exhausting it can get but c'mon!!
I love fried chicken. I probably only visit Popeye's once a year, but every time I do, I order the biggest bucket and smell like fried chicken for the rest of the week. 

My brother-in-law is coming to visit us from Spain and he specifically requests Popeye's. So consider ourselves lucky, for having a fried chicken heaven on earth.
This is an example of a good fast food fried chicken place. The chicken has two flavors, "spicy or mild", that both are better than KFC's original, crispy or grilled. Their fries are better then the wedges, the mashed potatoes and gravy sucks though. I do agree with another reviewer about grabbing your drink for 86 cents at circle K to save money.

Service is ok, but the wait is long. When it comes right down to it, Popeye's chicken is by far it's strongest asset and the reason I chose to come here.
Poor management ( young rude lead/manager lady. Line people/cashier's are very nice and the chicken's really good too; but,  since the bathrooms and dining room is just nasty, I'm buying my food elsewhere! Just nasty and management is unfortunately very poor.
My friend and I had a craving for fried chicken on a Saturday night. The closest Popeye's to me from Gilbert happened to be this one. I knew it would it be adventure going into Mesa on a Saturday night. I drove right by it looking for a restaurant, little did I know it was located in a gas station. Wow! Classy! But I wasn't going to Popeye's for fine dining but some fried chicken. I order my food from the clerk who was not happy to serve me, never asked how I was doing or thanked me for my order. Like previous reviews stated the restaurant is very messy. There was not a clean table in the restaurant. I wish I had remembered my hand sanitizer. After wiping down a table with some napkins. I ate my chicken, even though I ordered spicy they gave me mild. I knew it wasn't worth bringing it to their attention. The staff struck me as the type that would drop my food on the floor and serve it to me. The chicken was decent but I felt dirty after sitting there for 20 minutes. I will go to Popeye's again just not this one.
Friendly staff, excellent spicy chicken, used an entertainment coupon for bogo free meal.  Restaurant could use a deep cleaning as its quite aged. But love their spicy chicken tenders with extra Louisiana hot sauce.
I love their food. But I won't go inside due to the poor cleanliness and bugs. So I opt for the drive thru and usually that works. But tonight was terrible. We pulled up and asked for a minute and then were asked a few seconds later if we were ready. Then a lady came onto the speaker and was so rude. So we decided real quick and she kept interrupting and getting the order wrong. When we finally got the order correct  we paid and they told us it would be 4 minutes. That was fine at least the food was ping to be fresh. They brought us our order and forgot our extra biscuits. When we went to go ask for them the same rude women handed them to us in a napkin. Although I love the food. I will not be returning to this location.
I love me done chicken! After watching undercover boss I had a hankering to get some yummy grub. Sad to say tho this place is not the cleanest I would have hoped for. The bathroom smelled horrible. The food was good, but not overly exiting. Will return but hope it is a little cleaner in the future
Ruined me and my girlfriend 4th of July got our food got home ate about 20 minutes later diarrhea and I know it was the Popeyes because it was very spicy and I got the spicy chicken tenders I am definitely making up for it today.
Friendly service and the chicken just came out of the fryer. 

On the other hand, if I was manager, everyone (and including me) would have to take a section of the tiny place and get "Scrubbin". 

Next time, I will peek and see if its clean before I order again.

.
Popeye's has always been one of my favorite chicken places in general. The lieutenant colonel and the one with the church name are somewhat on the bland side and are not my first choices for tasty chicken. 

This location has a few things to complain about. The neighborhood is not the best and it shares the same building with the Circle jerk guys next door. Usually find myself trying to get in and out rather quickly. The customers are always pretty loud and obnoxious and the place is not very clean. You might even be asked for money in the parking lot.

Service is basically poor and trying to communicate is difficult and a bit tricky. Normally have to repeat myself a few times to get the order correct. On my last visit experienced a triple sneeze by the cook right on my meal. Gesundheit!

Usually order the Spicy Chicken with a side of Beans and Rice. Can't resist getting several jalapenos to give the meal some additional kick. Sometimes I'll even go crazy and order one of the specials. Tried the Catfish on my last visit and was surprised how small it looked. Maybe they should just call it kitten fish?

Definitely recommend going to one of their full service restaurants that do not commingle with one of those fast trip places. Once had the occasion to eat in a really industrial part of Baton Rouge and enjoyed the meal so much more than this place. WHAT THE CLUCK?

2.25 STARS
I am always on a quest to find great soul food joints here in Vegas and this place might possibly be my new favorite thanks to the goddess Kathy and her heavenly cuisine. I swear I feel like I have stumbled into my mother's kitchen every time I eat here. Some of the best soul food I have had in a very long time. 

The space is very small but the food makes up for it in authenticity, flavor and taste. I can't say enough about the Seafood Plate!! It is a platter with all the fixing's from ettouffe, fried catfish, crab and shrimp...a must have on every visit. The cornbread is always cooked to perfection, the cabbage and black-eyed peas sides make me feel like I have been tossed into the back woods of Louisiana somewhere. The smothered pork chops with a side of mac n' cheese is another favorite. The meat literally falls off the bone and that is seriously all I ever leave on the plate afterward.....the bone! Don't forget accompany your meal with a glass of sweet tea! So much good food and because now that I have adopted Kathy as my second mother, I will be back!
Have to completely disagree with the first reviewer -- as a Southerner, this place is an insult -- a total sham -- 1) it's FILTHY  2) it's FILTHY and 3) it's totally overpriced...oh did I mention how dirty the joint is?

Took some Southern co-workers all the way from UNLV for lunch -- won't do that EVER again.  The wait was 20 minutes for the gal to step out from behind a counter to bring us a menu... we were the only ones there....!    Hello?  

The menus were sticky -- the place smelled bad -- they had cleaning chemicals out on the same counters where they serve food -- finally put them away about midway through lunch service.

We were hoping for something authentic lunch-wise -- like a "meat and 3" plate -- in the South, it's easy to find about 20 mom and pops that offer this for oh, anywhere from $3 inclusive of tea and pie (!) -- to $6 (for a fancy joint) where tea and pie are extra...

No meat & 3 here (all a la carte) -- so to replicate that, we're talking you're in for $20+ easy for lunch... I'm serious.  

Bad fried chicken, bad mac & cheese, bad greens, bad canned beans, bad bad bad... tea that was so sweet my teeth still hurt.

Shame on you, Kathy -- real Southeners know better...I would love to bring my Mama here when she's feeling homesick -- but this will just make her sick... and break her heart...this place truly has no soul.

To add insult to injury, when it was time to pay the check, they have this ancient system that charges a set amount -- plus a service charge to run your card... it's such a scam. 

I really wanted to love this place -- as it stands now, it's probably tops on my list of places that I'll NEVER give a 2nd shot... Hope this saves you a trip!
I'm really torn between B.K.  & Rachel M.

I was referred by a friend so that always helps, They should have called the place "the little hole in the wall"  It was extremely hard to find. Once inside I was not impressed. The walls were poorly painted an ugly beige color, although there was a nice mural on one side. 

Were were seated right away and our drink orders were taken. 
The menu's did seem a bit old but no big deal, right? 
While givin our order, I failed to notice the small print under the "sandwiches" that said only from Tues -Fri... so Today on my Saturday visit, there was no choice but to get a "full dinner" some of the menu seemed a bit pricey for the atmo too.

We noticed the place got rather full very quick! A very nice couple was seated next to us & that made for some nice "small talk".  

Something else we noticed.. it was taking FOREVER to get our food.
WE WAITED A WHOLE 50 MINUTES BEFORE OUR FOOD ARRIVED!!!!
but it was good. My daughter had a fried pork chop, mashed potatoes & gravy w/ a side of corn.... she totally loved it. 
 I ordered spareribs.. super good & tender.  My friend ordered hot links, she said they were excellent. I noticed my daughter pork chops were a little dry but she didn't seem to mind.  Mac & Cheese was pretty good, the yams were really good, although I felt the potato salad was not my style. Corn bread was good/not sweet. 

If you want someone who went & passed top of the class at the Culinary art institute YOUR NOT GONNA FIND IT HERE...

but if you want some GREAT HOME COOKING, this is were it's at.

I fell B.K. ,may have been turned away at the site of the place without giving it a chance. 

Worth a try but give your self a good 1 1/2 to eat... or just call for a take out order...that would be best!

(although my 6yr old loved it I said not good for kids because they took so long & some little ones may get restless)
The Soul is in the food, but everything else is lacking. 

This is one of those establishments you tell your friends about, they go check it out, and you hear of tales of horror. It was at one time a clean, upbeat place to go to for really good soul food. Now it's like one of those girls from high school that was a perky, bubbly cheerleader whom you stumble upon years latter at a mall and she's got a muffin-top, looks bedraggled, and is towing around two screaming bratty hellions. You can't help but wonder What the HELL happened to you? 

I don't really call the low-tech service charmingly like the South. But the mural is a wondrous work of whimsey folk art. And I swear to God I want to grab a brush and make the waves conform to the laws of physics. Dingy best describes the rest of the place. 

But the food is good, at times, great, but you have to work around the every-diner-must-have-his-own-damned-plate thing. And the fish is hit or miss. Either it's LOVE with Tabasco, or it is mall-fakey-long-john-silvers style. I have never missed with the GUMBO, though. It is not the fake one done by oh ,so many joints, but done as done down South. Order the cornbread as a great compliment and to soak up all the fishy goodness. 

My advice is to go in, beg for them to hire a design-arts student and upgrade to modern lighting, etc, etc. Then sit down and hope your cook is in the groove and you might win the soul food lottery ( even though some sides are MIA from a good soul food restaurant ). 

So board the SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUL train and give 'em a try. It really is great if you close your eyes and just eat. 

So THREE on the food, and a MINUS ONE on decor.
Just had Kathy's two days ago and I must say it was the highlight of my Vegas trip. The fried chicken was some of the best that I ever had. It is a small, hole in the wall place that isn't much to look at, however, the food was amazing and our waiter was very nice and attentive. The macaroni and cheese, in addition to the red beans and rice were delicious. The cornbread was yummy as well. My only complaint is that they didn't have any yams and it was in the middle of the day. I would recommend this place to all soul food lovers.
I don't understand some of the other reviews because this is our most favorite place to eat in las Vegas. We've probably been there 20 times already and everyone we take loves it too. 

Ok, being from Hawaii we don't know much about southern cooking but this has the best fried chicken, pork chop and collards ever. Wish they would open in Hawaii. It is a "hole in the wall" kinda place but great food, good value & great hospitality.
I was visting Las Vegas and my family came down from Utah to have lunch with us while we were up there. We tried to go to a catfish place, but they were closed so I managed to find this gem on my iPhone. Yes, it's a bit off the strip, but it was yummmmy.
First walking in, it's really small and kinda cheesy looking but the waiter was ok not overly friendly though, but cute. :) 
The menu is kinda small, but it was still hard to make a decision, everything sounded good. I finally settled on good ole chicken fried steak with mac n cheese and mashed potatos. I know, it's not the greens and stuff people would get here, but I'm picky. :) 
The fried chicken was supposed to be amazing so my boyfriend ordered that, my grandma got catfish and my uncle had the shrimp etouffe. 
After placing our orders, the guy came back and told me they were out of chicken fried steak, wtf?! So I changed my order to friend shrimp.
It took awhile to get the food out, which is okay because it was homemade. But we only got our glasses filled up once while we were there and we had to flag the guy down to do it. And they wern't busy so I was really confused as to why our service wasn't better. Seriously, there was like no one in there. 
After a bit, our waiter brought us out some cornbread, and oh lord, I don't know if I was starving or if it was really that good, but I ate it up so quick. It was sweet cornbread with yummy melty butter on it. Sigh, it was great. Bad thing is they don't give you unlimited, only one per person. 

The food finally came, and I think all around everyone was pretty pleased. My shrimp  was huge and done in cornmeal, I've never had it that way before but it was delicious all the same. They didn't have any coctail sauce which kinda stunned me but whatev, Their tartar sauce was good and I don't normally like it so eh. Mac and cheese and potatoes you could tell were homemade, nice and cheesy and hot. :) 
The fried chicken was good, nothing to quite write home about, same for the catfish. HOWEVER, the shrimp etouffe was absolutely AMAZING! It had a nice cream sauce, big pieces of shrimp, like basically yummy looking. But you bite into it and flavor explodes in your mouth. It was kinda spicy, but not overbearing and so.... uh... delicious! 

Anyway, all in all a fun experience, definitely something out of my comfort zone, worth the trip, but pretty pricey. Be prepared to drop some dough here. Looking at like $15+ per person. Pay with cash, their credit card/debit card thing is weird. They can only do it in increments of $10 and then give you cash back, kinda rubbed me the wrong way.
I will NEVER  go back!    The food is good, but over priced!
They charge you for drink refills, they charge you for togo containers.  The blinds are broken and nasty, the ceiling fans are nasty.  And then they have the nerve to post a sign no plate picking!  Give me a freaking break!  Make your place upscale , then maybe put a sign up like that!
5 stars for southern cooking...not healthy and definitely a take-out only spot in my opinion (we have never been here but the reviews seem to imply it's not worth the trip). Anything U Want picks this up for us every once in a while. They don't use pork in the preparation of their sides which is a huge plus for us, as M & Ms soul food does. Their fried wings are always cooked properly with the right amount of seasoning. Their mac & cheese is just decent (which I know is a huge disappointment) but I make a little adjustment to it by adding a little cheese to the top and baking it prior to serving it.

Pros: Great take-out, fried chicken, sides

Cons: a little pricey for fried food
It is too greasy, fatty, and certainly does not look very appealing.  The cost is ridculous and don't mention the filthiness of the place.  They hand washed the dishes.  That was not sanitary.  The health department should have scrutinized Kathy's more carefully. Glad to see them closed.

   If you want some great soul food, check out Jimmy's Market on W. Lake Mead Blvd. and Cheyenne.  The catfish literally melts in your mouth and the cabbage is tender, seasoned well, and have a real southern taste.
My suggestion to anyone who's reading this.  (In spite of all the haters and the negative comments!)  Why don't you go to the restaurant, and find out for your self how the food is.  The new location is on 3799 E Desert Inn Rd, Las Vegas, NV 89121.  For me, the food was excellent!  Who cares about the decor or atmosphere.  These are hard times!  I'm there for the food, not the decor.  The staff there are very friendly, and very courteous.  I am definitely going back there, and try out the rest of the menu!  After I had my lunch there today, my soul was SATISFIED!  Amen.
Kathy's Southern Cooking has the best chicken fried steak ever!!!
I challenge anyone to find any restaurant in town with better chicken 
fried steak.  I am a soul-food connoisseur and this is the real deal!
Review is based on food.  Food is always, always good here.  We ordered the catfish with mac n cheese, greens and yams.  Mac n cheese are decent, I've had better.  The yams and greens were super good!!  Catfish was fresh and fried in clean oil, you can just tell.  Staff is friendly.

Now onto the decor.  They moved from their old location. New location is a store front restaurant.  The kitchen is huge and the space for tables is small. Seems like they're accommodating for takeout orders.  They only have about 6 tables.  Plain white walls and a small tv.  But who cares, you're not really coming here for the decor right? If you're looking for some good ole southern food in Vegas, this is the place.  Get your mind off of the decor and concentrate on the food and you'll enjoy yourself!!!
I was glad to see Kathy's had closed because I have NEVER eaten in a dirtier place.  Sure, the food was okay, but afterwards I was just waiting for the impending food poisoning.  It was only by the sweet, merciful grace of God that I didn't contract something from this place.  I hope the new location on Desert Inn is cleaner!
I have wanted to try this food for quite a few years. They have moved closer to my home (DI and Sandhill)  and I found it by accident! The food is absolutely wonderful! Great comfort food! 
The chicken fried steak was the best I have ever had (even IF I were to make it myself!) and everything I tried was so good it made me sing! I will be going back for more soon! I woke up today thinking about her food! IT WAS THAT GOOD!
Who cares about the decor? I just took the food home to eat! The place is very clean too!
I love the food, I would not eat there, but the food is worth it just to take it out.   A lot of the reviews complain about the decor or lack there of, but if your going there - your going for the FOOD.  The fried chicken is to die for, well cooked and crispy.  The yams I could not have made them better myself.  The sweet potato pie was delicious.  While taking out last week another customer was raving on about how good the smoothed pork chops were , how she goes there at least 2 times a week for different things.  I've been there a few times and it's well worth looking past the horrible decor and service to just be able to take come some wonderful homemade food.  I'm actually gong to call in an order to pick up tonight....
used to go occasionally to old location and had pretty good food and went back and found it was gone. That was a couple years ago. We found it again on Desert Inn and had to try it. Went day after Christmas and found it was closed for 2 days for holliday. Went back next day and it was open. Ordered food at counter and was asked if it was "for here or to go?". Wife and I both ordered catfish but wife had greens and yams for sides and I had fries and slaw. We joked about who was from the farthest south by the sides. New location has 7 tables and seats 22 people. It is as one reviewer stated like an old factory break room. There was one table occupied with a couple and a teenage boy beside us. When food came both orders were identical including the sides. I pointed out I ordered different sides and waiter said "no you both ordered the same". I pointed out he agreed that my wife had ordered a more southern side and then he admitted that I had ordered slaw and fries. He asked if we needed anything else and I asked for some tartar sauce and ketchup for my fries. The fries arrived about half way through my meal and he put an empty ketchup container on the table. I called him back and asked for one with ketchup in it and he brought me a dish full instead (only have 1 container)? While there were only 3 other customers there, there must have been 10 or more people in the back kitchen not including our waiter who stayed there through most of our meal. I guess that they were family members or friends of Kathy. She never showed herself only her daughter and the waiter.  Service was almost nonexistent and lackadaisical. The food: Greens and yams were very good. cornbread average, catfish OK. It went from very thin to very thick which means some of it is either overcooked or undercooked. The other table had chitterlings and they seemed to enjoy them and ate it all. For chicken I have had better at Popeyes (I have also tried Paula Deen's and said the same thing). Kathy may be a great cook but has no concept of how to run a restaurant. Good home cooking but bad service and "I don't give a damn" attitude would not keep her in business in the south. My suggestion is if you want Kathy's food, call for take out. You will get better service at home and the decor has to be more attractive. You also won't feel obligated to tip for bad service.
I heard about this place through a bank teller that hada sign in front of his window that portrayed his favorite food.. "..burgers.." So I asked, "What's the Best Burger you've had here in Vegas?" He replies "At the Seven Seas, it's in the ghetto.. The Louis Burger, tell me what you think.."

Place wasn't as bad as I thought.. I walked in the food side entrance (the other went straight to the bar/lounge), looked up at the menu and saw the Burger.. surrounded by a whole lotta southern lovin' comfort food items! MMMMMmmmMMMMM! But that time I was there for one thing only.

Louis Burger: plump buns, thick stubby patty, red onion, tomato, lettuce.... came with a mound of fries.. The burger had a nice char, quite juicy, tender, that familiar home grilled flavor but a little too salty for my taste.. Reminded me of a Smash Burger and a Gorden Biersch Burger at same time.. The fries were decent but a little over greased in my opinion. 

Extra Friendly and Corteous Staff, Prices were fair (cash only), location wasn't that bad, dining area cozy.. The Bar/Lounge was playing some smooth Jazz/R&B Jams.. Nice! Looked like a popular African American hang out. Burger and fries were decent overall. I may comeback to have their catfish or chicken?!..
My former manager at work came across this place completely by accident one day, while delivering a document to the owner. She is a Southern Belle, to put it mildly, and had some of their fried catfish while she was there. Well, she enjoyed it to the point that she brought about six of us there for dinner the same night for an impromptu "staff meeting".

Our group tried several different dishes, from chicken to shrimp to the 
different kinds of catfish on the menu. No one had a complaint about anything they tried and I thought my blackened catfish was quite good. The star of the show is the fried catfish, by far, as I later learned. 

I've been back a few times since, once for a sit down dinner and a couple of times for takeout. The place has a small-scale, "home cooking" feel to it and don't be surprised/too disappointed if they are out of a few menu items. The location is sort of scary after dark, but the food and friendly staff are worth it.
Many many moons ago I used to live in this area and have seen what
kind of shenanigans can go down at the seven seas ... But... during the day when you're feeling hungry and the only thing that will make you feel better is cat fish nuggets then dammnit.. The Seas can't be beat!!

Im a huge fan of their cat fish and even their hot links are grilled to
perfection. The food is greasy and comforting when you need just that kind of fix. If you want anything healthy you're absolutely in the wrong establishment. 

There is a bar next door that opens at noon and while waiting for my food I ventured over to ask about their drinks. They have two for Tuesdays drink specials on everything except top shelf drinks which as we know can't be beat. 

I'll be back to The Seas but I doubt it will be anytime soon.. there simply not enough stuff on their limited menu to bring me in week after week but its still ... regardless !
Me and my boyfriend traveled to Vegas for the first time last summer. Whatever city we are in we love to check out the local flavors (places the locals go, not the places deemed safe for tourist.)

 I can't quite remember how we found out about this spot bout we loved and and went there 3 times during the same vacation. 

The catfish fingers are 2 snaps up in a circle!
The other patrons we met were cool.
Drinks were a decent price.
There was live music (maybe not every night).
And we still got to play our slots!
I forgot about this hole in the wall!  If your afraid to go into the not so glamorous, upscale, part of Las Vegas, and you just want some real food!  I would say go here.  They open about 12:00.  If your not use to this area, I would suggest to go maybe before 5 p.m.  We went on a Thursday night.  It was an older crowd in the bar area, it was a "step'n night"  so the crowd is different on this night, than on a Friday - Saturday night. 

Now don't go in here thinking your going to get what you ordered in 4 - 5 min.  Nope!  That isn't going to happen.  They cook to order!  And it is worth the wait.  The chicken is so crunchy and seasoned!  I can say it's better than mine!  I love crunchy chicken.  

The Catfish is the bomb.com!  Yep, I think it's the best place to get fried catfish in this town. And if you know, like I know, it's hard to find.   

The greens were good, and the fries are good.  They have yams (I don't care for yams) I'm not sure what else.  

So, go place your order, and go sit at the bar, and have a drink or 2.  It will take about 30 min. for them to fry up that yummie chicken!
seven sea is a must!

if you are from pittsburgh,pa  and you enjoy cj's or art's.seven sea is it of vegas.live music,good food and safe place......a friendly safe.


d rogers
They have great soul food good entertainment great drink specials its in the hood but I like the hood saw the part of me is the part of the Old West Las Vegas history
Really Good should food here. Cooked just right. The fried Seafood is the BEST IN TOWN!!! I've been to other so-called Soul Food but none taste like this one! I've order there several times. Price is reasonable.  Only reason it get 4 stars and not 5 is because the decor needs some much needed improvement and a good scrubbing too!
Seven Seas Restaurant & Lounge turned out to be just the right spot for my family reunion fish & chicken fry this 4th of July weekend. The owner of Seven Seas and his Executive Assistant put together the perfect package, which by the way included a hearty meal, especially considering our budget constraints. We had nearly 60 folks in our reunion party, who traveled to Las Vegas from Los Angeles, Chicago, Alabama, Georgia, Virginia, Florida and Atlanta. Although we stayed at a host hotel on the strip, we wanted to host a fish fry offsite, where everyone could relax, enjoy good music, get their drink on and delight in good tasting food. Wow! Seven Seas delivered far above our expectations. The fried fish and chicken was the best in town! Excellent service, too! Anyone planning a family reunion in Las Vegas, Seven Seas Restaurant & Lounge is the FAMILY REUNION SPOT. Nothing fancy about the dcor, but like I said, we wanted to relax, enjoy good food, good stepp'n music in a quaint downhome bluesy setting. Many thanks to Mr. Collins and Sheila for taking good care of us.
This year at the Taste & Sounds of Soul-Mario's Westside Market was serving up GREEN FRIED TOMATOES!! 

Being from Iowa -Green Fried Tomatoes are a staple of Midwestern cuisine but here in Las Vegas there's a small handful of places that serve them and most don't even do it right!!! 

Mario's does it just like mom used to!! Sliced thin breaded in cornmeal and fried quickly!! Yummy!!
I never would have that Mario's Westside Market served Louisiana style cooking.  A friend told me about this place so I thought I'd give it a try.  

As soon as I walked in the place, the cashiers greeted me but the customers were staring me down like they never seen a Filipino kid before. Oh well.  I went straight to the back of the market where they served the hot food.  Everything looked good and fresh!  I asked if there was any deals.  The guy helping me said "the deal is, you hook the jar up, I hook you up.". So I did just that.  They charge by the pound here just like Smiths or Albertsons would charge you where the hot food is.  I got 2 lbs of catfish, 1 lb of porkchops, a pound of Mac n Cheese, and half a pound of potato wedges to-go. 

I took it home and the smell blessed my car and my house.  The catfish was cooked to perfection, crunchy on the outs and tender on the in's and the seasonings were just right! Porkchops were OK, it was way too salty. The Mac n cheese was the best, no complains about that.  But the potato wedges were horrible! It tasted like it was cooked in very old oil and it was stale! Ranch or ketchup couldn't save it.  Other than that, I had a good experience with Mario's.  If I want some good catfish and Mac n Cheese, Mario's is the place to be.
I grew up traditionally Hispanic and American foods, so some of the items on the menu here were newer to me. This place opened up my eyes. 

I had the catfish, mac and cheese, and peach cobbler from here. This was one of the most satisfying meals I've ever had in my entire freakin' life. Seriously. The food was so good, and the servings were so generous, and even the hot sauce was perfect. My friend had some ribs or something, and they were equally delicious. 

It was a really good meal, and I can't wait to go back to grub up on some more super tasty food!
I see people aren't sleepin' on Mario's!  OMG, I'm getting home sick just thinking about their catfish.  As mentioned in other posts, it is fried to perfection and seasoned very well.  I only eat fried catfish when I'm in Vegas.  I've tried catfish in Minnesota and it was straight garbage.  I do agree, Mario's potato wedges are not the greatest.  I'm gonna have to try their mac-n-cheese next time I'm in town.

For those of you unfamiliar with the westside, it is 'the hood' and a bit sketchy but the food is damn good.  Just head to the back and place your order.

Oh, seiously Scott D. "Green fried tomatoes".  I have never in my life ever heard anyone call them that, let alone seen it in print on a menu that way.  They are "FRIED GREEN TOMATOES" bruh. . . just sayin'
Best catfish in Las Vegas.  hands down.   So good, it'll make your eyes roll into the back of your head... add hot sauce.  Seriously fabulous.

My favorite guide and old school Las Vegan took me here today - and she'd just found it last week - had been dying to get back as soon as possible - with me in tow!   Sides/veggies apparently change daily...today's star:  sweet potatoes -  I actually don't really like them much, but these added a welcomed sweetness.

What makes this place really cool is that it's in the back of a grocery store - up against the meat counter.  Be prepared to stand in line - apparently it gets long - so best to come early.   Once you get your food, you go back up to the front of the store to pay for it,  then if you wan to eat it now (trust me, you do!) go back to the tables back at the meat counter, take a seat (if you're lucky - since there are only 3 tables...) and eat.   Do not wrap it all up and drive -- the steam in the styrofoam will make all that makes this fish perfect die.   Just sit down, shut up and eat.  And don't forget the hot sauce.  

Anybody who thinks this place isn't safe is a fool -- I've never felt safer.   

One other tip:  tip -- and be generous.  If you're like me, you'll want to hug the cook!
My friend told me about this place, she told me " you have to be ready coz the line will be long." lucky for me line wasn't that long. I maybe was keeping the line coz i want to try everything. 

Of course I got the catfish. WOW! catfish fresh. they cook their catfish every like 5mins. BBQ ribs so juicy off the bone so good. ohh and let me tell you about  their GREENS a must try.  So recommend this place!
I've been coming here ever since I moved to Las Vegas back in 2004. Mario's Westside Market has been around for much longer though. It seems as though everyone knows about this place. There's a little restaurant area in the back. That's where it all goes down. If you like soul food, you'll love this place. Being from the South, sometimes I crave some good ole fried catfish, mac n cheese, yams, collard greens and all the other good stuff. You can purchase by weight or order a combo plate. I've done both. It really depends on how hungry I am when I get the craving! A half pound of fried catfish will come with a couple pieces of bread and some hot sauce. What more do you need?! Rest assured, they've got all the fixin's as well. Sometimes I even eat there and devour my food at the little tables they have inside. No shame! I can't tell you the best time to go because I've never been there at a time when there isn't a line. That just comes with the territory, it seems. Remember hearing about "delayed gratification" in your college psychology class? Well, there you go! Enjoy.
Whole Foods market in the hood serving soul food to perfection.  Hidden at the back of this grocery store is Mario's southern style cooking to perfection. Reminds me of the time i used to live I. Louisiana.  Places authentic and good as this is so hard to find since most good tasting restaurants here cater more to locations where people are willing to spend more. 

This place is a hidden treasure. I never get anything else but the catfish in here.  I can always find other places in Vegas that cooks good ribs, chicken, pork....but catfish this good is a rarity.  Save money by getting the "oh my dinner" meal which includes your choice of meat and 2 sides for 8.99! My favorite sides are the sweet yams, Mac n Cheese and peach cobbler.

Don't be scared to enter this place because of the location.  People here are friendly.  I'm more scared entering fancy ass restaurants with snobby people staring at you. Hood is Good!

Who ever you are Mario, you got my 5 star!
A coworker raved about catfish to me and I thought, really? Fried Catfish at a little market...

We decided to sneak out during lunch and headed to Mario's.  This is your typical deli type style.

There is a line inside to order food.  Service is quickness is decent and the portion prices are fair.  Paying is quick since everyone has to pay up front.  

The catfish is excellent.  Deep fried and not so much batter.  I do wish that I had gotten some kind of dipping sauce to make it amazing.  We also picked up some pieces of fried pork chops.  It got a little soggy after I got back to my office, but still bomb.  Pork chop seasoning was minimal and doesn't leave you thirsty.  The pork itself does feel a bit over cooked hence the massive chewing I had to do.  

I def come back since I took a look their items and some of them made me curious.  And I'll have to get some of that Kool-Aid.
The Best Fried Catfish in las vegas. I wish everyone should come and taste their yummy catfish, it's the bomb. We felt in love with their foods the minute we taste it.

 We already went back for the third time and it won't be our last. People are very friendly here and service are the best. The cook deserve a big kiss from us, thank you Mario.
Best Soulfood I had since i've lived in Vegas and thats saying alot being that Vegas is deprived in the food catogory
I'm very confused about the glowing reviews for this place. My experience here was terrible. So I come around 7:30pm on a Thursday night to get some southern soul food like I remember from my childhood. After all I grew up all over the south including Louisiana, Georgia, and South Carolina.

So I go to the back where the prepared food is and there are two people in front of me. I figure there should be no problem getting some food and being out of there in time to pick my girlfriend up from yoga at 8pm. The line is moving at a snails pace and 10 minutes in I'm starting to worry. I really want to try this famed fried catfish I've read in these reviews. Around 20 minutes in I finally get to place my order for some catfish and fried okra (it's been forever since I've had some and I love it). I end up waiting a total time of nearly an hour and give up on the okra because somehow that was forgotten from my huge order of... two items. So I figured I'll just grab some macaroni salad that they had pre made and head out since I was supposed to pick my girlfriend up nearly half an hour ago.

So we finally sit down to eat the food I brought back hoping that it makes up for the wait. I figure it might have been an off night, but if the food's tasty I'm willing to give it a pass. No such luck! The catfish is terrible. It's most definitely frozen catfish that they have tried to mask the flavor and texture of with the breading to no avail. The macaroni salad tastes like they thought it was supposed to be a dessert, so they piled on the sugar.
Totally legit Southern fare! Step into this market, and head to the back and stand in line with everyone else to feast on some of THE TASTIEST fried Catfish in town! I stand by fellow Yelpers Nelson S., B.K., and Eman S. and their praises for this hidden gem!

Yes, we're not from around these parts as we (more Wifey) stuck out like a sore thumb
if ya know what I mean! I was on a mission for the much-talked-about Fried Catfish and they do it up RIGHT! I'd give 5 stars alone for that!!! Add in Cherry or Grape Kool-Aid on tap, some Mac and Cheese, and Peach Cobbler for dessert and you've got yourself a Southern feast for two! It kinda even felt like we were in the South where everyone knew each other, and the workers were even nice!

Order up, go up to the front to pay, then come back to dine on one of the three tables they have is how its done, we ordered, ate, then paid and the cashier was all giggles when we brought up our empty containers to pay!(rookies!) A lady was also laughing in enjoyment as I enjoyed every bite of crispy Catfish with hot sauce...I was bobbin' my head in a catfish zone and she confirmed that it is THE BEST you're gonna get! Mac and Cheese and Peach Cobbler were also comforting, and their sides change up once in a while. 

Can't wait to come back for more!!!   ALOHA!!!
Being that I'm from the dirty south people point me in the direction of this little hole in the wall with pride as if its some place Id like to enter. I went once and then once more just to get a second feel of the place. This place is so unsafe that I allow the husband to go in the day time only because he likes the catfish. But no he wont go alone at night to get robbed by a common cat burglar.
 They have some ok catfish no its not slap your mama good. Once inside the floors are very nasty people are selling foodstamps and knock off purses as well as cd's and these people get mad if you pass them by and don't choose to buy what they trying to sell. 
Like people with missing teeth who yell at you and beg OMG its just sad and unsafe. The employees are loud and unprofessional they talk about everything from sex to fighting in the store. I started to text people just so they would know where I was and so they would know I was not in a safe place. The inside of the store itself I could not belly. So I took my little self and got back in my car and locked the door.
 I kept texting my husband to see if he was ok. Once back in the car with me he was like who is your friend? I looked at him like really some bum is taping on my window begging for change and u title him as my friend. (Rolls my eyes) So knowing I was safe with my husband in the car. I rolled down my window and gave the man ten bucks. I hated to see him hungry. He said he was hungry but he smelled like he had been to Fat Tuesdays last Monday and I know he was drunk. So my husband has a bright idea to dig into his fish I yelled as he ate are you crazy start this car lets go! I'm not trying to get shot because you want to eat.
 Our next stop was the beauty shop once inside I told my girls about what just happen they was laughing at me.
 Telling me if you go MWM leave your coach bag at home put your money in your pocket and don't make eye contact with the men at all. Just hop out the car and run inside and get your food and leave. I was explaining I don't want to eat from a place where its like a action packed scene from a movie. When I go just to get food. As I sat and ate my MWM I knew I would never be one of those ladies who was willing to make a mad dash for MWM. If I ever have the stuff it will be because of my brave husband and his willingness to provide the fish or whatever else they got that I may want. I give it two stars. I was told the floor was dirty because it was raining.
Catfish, Mac-N-Cheese with Callard Greens and a side of laughter.   The people at Mario's make you feel like your part of the family.  Only three tables inside, so you might want to get it to go but it's worth it.
Probably the best damn catfish I've ever had in this town!!! Been here 11 yrs! Yes its located in a sketchy area, Yes its in the back of an old grocery store and sometimes the lines are long and the service is a little slow. But what do you expect if you want  down home style southern/soul food. Well you wont find it in Summerlin! Where else will you find Okra, Oxtails, Smothered Pork, Black Eyed peas  Mac and cheese and Yams? The greens were also pretty damn good!!!  I'm a fan and only been there twice. The prices are pretty good too! Get off your high horses and try to appreciate the culture and the experience behind the dishes!
It's not always a bad thing to get "catfished." When said catfish comes from Mario's Westside Market, you can dupe me any day of the week!

I've been meaning to check this place out for a couple of years. I finally got my chance during Nelson's UYE. The last time I tried, there was a huge line going out the door. I'm not sure if it was related to catfish, but I wouldn't be surprised. Luckily, today was crowd free.

Cutting to the chase, Mario's serves the best catfish in Vegas. It's about $8 per pound and worth every penny. The fish is perfectly flaky inside the breading, while the breading isn't overly crunchy or distracting from the catfish.

I'll definitely be back to try more stuff. Oxtail! Turkey neck? The only thing is that it's not a part of town I find myself in often.
ok so I have tried the Catfish and Mac and cheese because someone brought it into work for a birthday party. It was fantastic this is why I have to post a review.  The catfish was tender, breaded nicely and so very tender and if you use the hot sauce they give in the packets WOW!! An explosion of the flavors the used to bread the catfish.; The Mac&Cheese was very creamy and delicious. 
They are located in a area that I am not comfortable with but, next time a friend who goes I will be willing to pitch in some $$ for it.
Good food and good prices...that's all that really matters!

Tried the Fried Catfish, Mac N Cheese, and Hushpuppies.  

Catfish was lightly battered and flavorful!  Just the right amount of crunch...right around $7-8lb  :)

Mac N Cheese was pretty boring.  Yes, it was super cheesy, but that's all I tasted...no spices....nothing out of the ordinary.

Hushpuppies were good though, good breading hiding inside.  And super cheap!

You might see me here again...during daylight hours!

Pics :
Sadly this place is only serving up two good things. Catfish and yams.

Their greenbeans were bland.
Okra tasted old and dried out. 
Fried Chicken was standard.
Greens were good buy missing some seasoning. 
The cornbread was a big ol square mound of possibly uncooked sweet cornmeal.

Not interested in going back.
CATFISH!! I haven't actually been here physically, but I do know it's located next to the CVS on the SE corner of Lake Mead and MLK. We usually have take out from Mario's because my co-worker's husband knows Mario and he sure does treat him well (or maybe I should say us)? The Catfish is perfect because it's not too dry which can happen when using corn meal as the breading. Well seasoned so I can't complain there. I sure wish they made some type of special sauce and that would truly make Mario's extraordinary, but we're stuck with the hot sauce and tartar sauce. The mac and cheese is okay, but I have definitely had better. The potato wedges is pretty standard and the greens are good according to my co-workers (I am not a fan of greens regardless of who cooks it). My only gripe is that the sweet mashed potatoes is too sweet, almost to the point someone may have spilled the sugar in the pot it was was cooking in. Next time I have Mario's I will definitely be making me a sandwich as you can see in the pictures.
Love the catfish! The seasoning really makes it tasty. I would definitely recommend this place. I can't speak on the sides as I have not tried them, but I have not heard positive comments on them :(. Also, I would not recommend visiting this place at night if you are not familiar with the area.
Hidden Gem in Vegas! It's not in a good part of town at all, but definitely some of the BEST Catfish I have EVER eaten! This review is based solely on the catfish...The price is reasonable too!
The food was good. Best fried fish that my husband and I had since we've lived here. We are from L.A.so there are many paces to get delicious fried fish. Mario's is really good. A mom and pop joint with long lines but it was worth the wait. We got 2 fish dinners with kool aid. Delicious!
The best catfish in town. Love the Mac and cheese and banana pudding too. Don't love the parking lot but during the day have had no problems. The clerks in the hot food section are very nice and friendly.
I would've given this establishment a complete 5 star rating but there is only one thing that honestly brought the experience down, the sides. 

I had initially heard of this place through friends and coworkers and was strongly recommended. All I ever heard about this place is that the catfish was to die for. A friend from work offered some to me on one occasion and though it was a bit cold when I tasted it, the crunchiness and flavor of it was so amazing. I needed to try it fresh, and soon!

I decided to go a couple of weeks later, and though it may not be in the best location it is completely worth going to! The line was a bit long when I arrived but moved fairly quickly. I decided to get 4 catfish filets and a side of hush puppies (an order has 8). I took it home, open it up and inhaled that delicious steam that rose from the box, this alone made my mouth water. The crunch on the filets wad that of fried chicken but not heavy or greasy. Still very delicate and light. A small drizzle of lemon or hot sauce is honestly all you need as you want to taste the freshness of this fish. On to the hush puppies which was the reason I did not give this place 5 stars. When I first bit into one I noticed that it was spongy. A spongy feeling that happens when things have been reheated a few times. Seasoning and flavoring was there but not freshness. 

Marios is a great local gem that everyone is Las Vegas needs to visit at least once. The cooks definitely know what they are doing with their fish.
Called on the phone to the meat department asking if southern packs were available.. drove 23 miles and no turkey necks and out of Turkey wings too. never again. One star for Faygo pop. Im soooooooo frustrated..
Maybe it depends on the time you go....but I was not impressed by the catfish AT ALL! I went on a weekday around 4pm. The catfish was dried out and frail! The flavor was O-K but not everything these other reviews are claiming. Again it could be I was just there at the wrong time......although I feel a good quality place should have good quality food 24-7?! I also had the mac and cheese which was just an epic fail altogether and extremely bland potato salad. The cornbread muffin was burnt and dry. I live in Providence area and I'm so disappointed I wasted my time and gas! And lastly the customer service?!......I can't even give them credit there. The girl behind the food counter is very unpleasant and unwelcoming.....it's like your bothering her! The girl at checkout was getting her Jack in the Box on instead of focusing on her job?! I was just happy to get my red pop soda and get out of that place!
Stopped by today for the smothered chicken which is supposed to be the special on Thursdays. NO SMOTHERED CHICKEN, they advertise it but didn't bother to cook it. Please take the sign down. I opted for catfish with rice & what looked like great northern beans. The gentleman fixing my order didn't know what kind of beans they were either.  SMH ...  I should have just left after that bad sign. I get my food home and I had three small dried out pieces of fish and the sides were tasteless. I hate to waste food but unfortunately this time I had to. I tossed it in the trash. What a waste of my time, money and gas. 
Also, can you please get a new glass for your steam table. The one you have now is so scratched up that a person can barely see what dishes are being offered behind it. 
Then I get to the counter to pay and the lady is busy talking to another employee and writing something. I stood there for almost 4 mins. No thank you for waiting, no I'm sorry to keep you waiting just barked out the price that I owed. I wish that I had snapped a picture of my food, to add to this review, before I tossed it. 

WILL NOT BE GOING BACK!!
For a long time I dreamed of going to Lo-Lo's.  I'd heard about it from others like some sort of ancient mythology - it sounds amazing and fantastical but you know it can't really be true.  When it comes to Lo-Lo's - believe the hype.

Finding Lo-Lo's: I've driven down Central SO many times and never known how close I really was.  Then one day I saw an arrow spray painted on the side of the building.  "Lo-Lo's this way!"  It took a few minutes to realize that that must be THE Lo-Lo's.  I started talking about it w/ friends and we decided we needed to go.  I confirmed the address and the 3 of us set off for flavor adventure.  Yes, you turn at the arrow (Which you only see when driving North on Central) and it's not much at all past that - but don't expect any huge signs, valet service - or even a parking lot.  You'll park right out on the street - and on a busy night that means you may need to walk a bit.

Entering Lo-Lo's:  Stepping through the doors = Waiting area.  Taking 2 steps into Lo-Lo's = Standing in front of someone's table while they are eating.  You can tell this used to be someone's house - and it was a small house at that.  There are just a few "rooms" for seating - and the largest has 5 tables.  Our first time there we sat in the room that has just two tables - a 4 and a 2 top - but it's also where the cash register is, where folks pick up to go orders, where they refill the drinks/silverware, where they store extra items that were purchased in bulk and has the doorway to the kitchen and you have to walk through that room to get to the other rooms.  In some places you might think this was the worst table in the house.  At Lo-Lo's I would disagree with you.  We got to listen in on the best conversations and we had the best view of all the amazing food going to the different rooms.  

The Food:  Sweet Tea served in a big Mason Jar.  SOLD!  It was awesome and the refills kept coming.  Soul Food without Sweet Tea is just wrong to me.  As for the rest of the Menu - it's not 30 pages long - in fact I'm pretty sure it's just one piece of paper written on both sides.  And yet it's still SO hard to choose.  The first time we went each of us got something slightly different.  Both my eating companions got some version of a meal that included both Chicken and Waffles.  I bucked the trend and got their Salmon Croquettes with Cheese Eggs, Grits and Waffles.  I could talk for days about how amazing their food is.  Best Eggs I'd ever had.  I am not a big egg person and I was craving these eggs again for a month.  The more I think about them the more I want to go.  The Salmon was amazing - I took one home and it was big enough I made myself a sandwich with it the next day.  The sides are all absolutely amazing.  The Greens have an amazing sweetness aftertaste that I am completely unable to describe.  The Chicken.  Oh, the Chicken.  Let's start w/ this.  I've always thought fried chicken was "ok".  I went with 2 folks who love fried chicken - and make their own family handed down recipes.  After their first bites it looked like they had found the holy grail.  It was the best fried chicken I'd ever eaten.  Guess what I've saved for last?  The waffles.  I always eat waffles or pancakes last for 2 reasons 1) They are SO sweet just like a desert and 2) I can only eat a few bites worth.  They are usually too sweet, too sticky, and very quickly mushy.  So, I spread around the butter (removing most of it of course) and drizzled it with some syrup.  It was the lightest, yummiest, buttery heavenly thing I'd ever had.  These were not just waffles.  These were Waffles.  I ate almost the whole thing.  As for Lo-Lo's desert menu - I've heard great things about their Red Velvet cake - but I've never quite been able to get that far into my meal and still order more.  Maybe next time.

Service: We've always had great service.  Servers are usually young and have that "I'm working at my uncle's restaurant for the summer" quality - but they are fast, knowledgeable and quick on the refills. 

Atmosphere: If you are from certain parts of the valley - Lo-Lo's may be a bit of a culture shock.  Yes, it is quite possible if you are of the Caucasian persuasion - you may be the only one there during your entire meal.  I've heard some folks say they would be "afraid" to go because of that.  My thought?  Get the heck over it.  Should a black person be afraid to go to AZ 88 or Flemings because they might be the only black person there?  Heck no.  And wouldn't you think they were silly for even thinking it?  Exactly.

Overall: Prices are good.  I honestly can't remember how much anything costs.  I blame the food.  But I do remember thinking "wow, is that all?" every time we go.  Location is downtown - just minutes from AWA.  Food is out of this freaking world.  Calorie content is... well...  it's not something I like to think about.
How they do it, I don't know, but their waffles, which must be the best on the planet, don't even really need syrup.  Not that syrup hurts.  I think it's all the butter that ends up on everything.  The fried chicken really can't be beat either, but I just can't stop thinking about those waffles.

If I lived next door, I'd have to exercise about four hours a day to burn those 50,000 calories.

This from their website: "Since Lo-Lo's has been open they've offered catering service for the likes of the Arizona Cardinals, Angie Stone, Mary J. Blige, Anthony Hamilton, the Whispers, Snoop Dogg, Allen Iverson, Steve Francis, and members of the Chicago Cubs. ... Shawn Marion, whose birthday cake was made at Lo-Lo's, calls Sandy Sand's Red Velvet Cake one of his favorites."

I don't know how I didn't make the list, but count me in.
Whoa. Those were some damn good waffles. 

I recommend spooning half of the butter off your grits, cause once it melts there's not room in the bowl for the both of them!
I wouldn't have been able to find Lo-Lo's without GPS...but now that I have, I'll definitely be going back.

The southern fried chicken was crunchy, tasty, finger lickin' good (take that KFC)...and the thin buttery waffle also had a nice crisp edge, although next time I'm gonna try for extra crispy waffles...the mac & cheese was velvety smooth & rich...my first bite of rice & beans was an epiphany - the savory sauce was a perfect contrast against the sweetness of the waffles and crusty corn muffin - I now know that I have never truly had rice and beans before Lo-Lo's.

But my favorite was actually the fried catfish...dusted with cornmeal for a dry (not oily) crunch into oh-so tender flaky catfish.  I would have loved to order another one, but I was bursting.  However, as I went up to pay, I could not help but notice that luscious hunk of Red Velvet cake slathered with cream cheese frosting and studded with walnut...I gave into the siren call and ordered a piece to take home.  Unfortunately, the cake turned out to be a bit of a letdown despite being plenty moist - no taste of chocolate to be found and the icing was a tad thin.

The other thing I didn't like was the coffee, which was kind of watery...but hey that's kinda authentic too.

The waitress was friendly and attentive.  When we told her that our eggs still had not hit the table even though we were almost done with the rest of the food, she offered us a choice of any side to take home.   This kind of service is rare and is also why I want to go back.
I would be remiss to review Mrs. White's and not mention Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles (Lo-Lo is Mrs. White's Grandson).  This is yet another of my favorite comfort food locals that I have to make sure I partake in moderation to avoid turning into a lineman for the Cardinals.  It is just soooo good it will call you back again and again.  Like Mrs. White's the chicken is amazing but the can't miss item to me is the waffles.  Standing tall above the ordinary waffle I taste a hint of nutmeg, cinnamon and Vanilla that is mouthwatering when served fresh and piping hot.  Come hungry because the portions are big especially one of my favorites KK's plate, a mind numbing amount of food that is just what the doctor ordered after a night on the town.  Also like Mrs. White's the lemonade is homemade and  is served in a large mason jar.  The ambiance is very stripped down and simple but welcoming.  It can be hard to find at 10 West Yuma street, just south of downtown a couple buildings west of Central Avenue.  As a side note I personally am not threatened by the neighborhood but I can see where some might not feel comfortable so consider yourself informed.
I'm a vegetarian, but even I still can't decide when I come to Lo-Lo's.  The food is just a big juicy heart attack waiting to happen, but by God, if you're gonna go, go out in style.  Love!
The waffles were good and sweet, the staff was friendly and the atmosphere was down to earth.  The only real drawback and it is a drawback, is we had to wait outside for a good twenty minutes in the late summer afternoon.  There is not waiting room and if the place is full when you get there you have to wait out on the sidewalk.
Even though I spent most of my formative years in the south, I have never in my life had fried chicken and waffles in one sitting.

I have been missing out!

The chicken was so good, I wanted more despite being totally full. The waffles were buttery, sweet, and yummy. Oh! And the macaroni cheese... *gasp* The sweet tea is VERY sweet. My friend was in the know, however, because he ordered half-regular and half-sweet which STILL tasted way too sweet for me.

The saltiness of the fried chicken mixed with the sweetness of the waffles is an unholy and remarkable combination.

Make sure you get there early because the line is long. However, the service is very good (even if she did serve me last because I was wearing a Steeler's jersey the day they played the Cardinals. It's why  I was in Phoenix). 

I could happily commit suicide by coronary here.
I thought my co-workers were pulling me leg until I actually saw the sign at Lo-Lo's for the first time. Chicken and waffles?!? People do that? It seemed like a cultural tradition I really needed to start embracing.

And if you make the trip and are prepared to wait around an hour in eager anticipation of such a feast, you will be well rewarded for your efforts. It's a converted house without much in the way of seating and usually plenty of people ready to raise their cholesterol levels a couple notches. We've even had several celebrity sightings going there to add to the commotion. As such, you typically wait 30 minutes for a table at lunch time unless you get there early. You will also likely spend an hour or more at the table with the glacial Southern service.

You have to get chicken and waffles the first time you go, preferably with a side and some of their red velvet cake to go. But they have several other unhealthy options and a good amount of breakfast food if that's what your in the mood for. But make no mistake, there is NO healthy option at this place. Don't go there unless you are ready to indulge.

I would also strongly recommend NOT going there with large groups. I see there are 4 votes for "Good for Groups" for this place. That is insane. There are hardly any tables and large groups bring the place to grinding halt. Go with 4 or 5 people max.
I cried.

I pushed the passenger car seat back, unbuttoned my jeans and if I could have unbuttoned my skin, I would have. We had an emergency stop at Wal-Greens for Lactaid, Tums, Bean-O, and Ginger Ale. I even made my bf buy this hideous stained glass candle holder (at WAL-GREENS) cause I thought it was "cute"-that is how out of my mind w/pain I was. I laid down on the bed and asked for a barf bucket. Just in Case. And did you see what I gave this place? Yeah. Five muthaf'n stars. Don't be a pussy. 

I racked my brain all day, trying to come up with a good Phoenix-y place to bring my BFs dad who had driven all the way from Bakersfield and was surely hungry. We needed a place that at 8:30 on a Friday gonna be open and not insane. He is a down home, steak and taters guy, and I am a nervous nelly sophisticate whose lactose intolerance and mostly vegetarian tummy stumps restaurants . And I was hungry after a long day of work. I looked up the menu at work and saw they serve b-fest all day. Oh good, this way I could avoid all the meat, get the waffle, and avoid all "oh, you don't like meat" conversation I hate.

Easy enough to find (take the 60 to 17 if you can to avoid Light Rail hell from the 10), we found parking on the street and walked right into the restaurant after seeing the bright neon sign with a mighty Sassy Chicken on front! We were seated immediately (I have no idea what people were talking about regarding the wait- we were lucky is all I can wager) in the same room Kristin C. was: the only four person table besides a two person one, where they have the soda machine, extra canola oil, cash register and silver ware and the kitchen where the amiable cooks sauntered out drinking sweet tea and eating the food. I liked the little hutch over our table with various black studies books. I liked the famous signatures tagged all over the place. 

I looked over the two-paged laminated menus-and was stumped. I forgot they had fish tooo....and sides...and omg. I guess the staff is used to a long decision making process, cause they hooked us up on the mason jars of sweet tea (holy shit is it GOOOooooOOOD). We all decided on the platter since it affords you two sides WITH cornbread, and the platter rings in only at $12.50 for battered chicken (3 pieces) or Codfish or Catfish with two sides and cornbread...whhaaaa-considering most sides are at like 3.50...I got the cod (go MA pride!), waffle, collard greens, cornbread. Tim got the chicken, waffle, home fries and his dad got catfish, waffle and homefries. After placing the order (I was gonna get fried okra but since the greens aren't cooked with ham, I went for 'em), it came within ten minutes-like FAST.

We all dove right into the waffle (I scooped off the butter immediately on to a separate dish in hopes of saving myself a little) and all agreed it was the best waffle ever.

"This waffle is good."

"Yes, it is"

"Oh my...I just had the waffle and it is GOOD."

five minutes later

"This waffle is really, really good."

ten minutes later

"I can't believe how perfect this waffle is"

It was like fucking Groundhog Day with this waffle, I couldn't picture a better waffle-not too doughy, not too nutmegy, not too crispy, not too buttermilky, not too cinammonly, not too eggy, not too airy, the little waffle indents weren't too deep or shallow for optimal warmed maple syrup lovin', and I ate the whole damn waffle. My lil' waffle of doom.

I could only manage to eat one piece of Cod (it was as big as my face) and the crunchy, flavourful (but oddly not spicy) batter was perfect with the hot sauce on the table. The cornbread a moist muffin of pure delish-a real compliment, not a star, but a perfect compliment to the rest of the palate. I loved my collared greens and it was spicy, and vaguely sweet, and I ate it gingerly it was that good. In fact even thought I stuffed myself, I still had a whole piece of cod, a 3/4 of a cornbread muffin, and almost huge bowl of collard greens left over.

We really wanted that red velvet cake so seductive under the glass dome case on the counter, but as we sat there drinking our refills, the pain started and the dreaminess and sleepiness and regret. 

Our guest loved it, kept complimenting me on it (and didn't notice my bizarre eating habits), Tim mentioned if he lived near by he would gain 5,000 pounds, and I can't wait to come back on a weekday early afternoon to have brunch w/the waffle and GRITS...yummers!!!!!!
Every once in a while, you just need to enjoy good southern cooking.

I was taken to Lo-lo's while visiting Phoenix.

The Sweet Tea is served in a mason jar and comes with a diabetic attack. I had the Betty Bop - fried chicken breast and waffle. The waffle was really the stand out portion of the meal, but the two did work together.

You don't have to get the chicken and waffle combo. But come on, don't be like that.

We went Friday before lunch, and we were sitting and eating in 10 minutes, but from the looks of the other reviews, that isn't normal.
This place is perfection! After going a few times with my boyfriend, I can see how one could crave some chicken and waffles on a Sunday morning.  Don't sleep in too late though because you will wait if you hit the church crowd.  Don't skip the grits!
If I were to move out of Phoenix tomorrow, Lo Lo's would be the place that I would regretfully leave behind.  Its still pretty unbelievable to me that chicken n waffles is still a unique concept around the US -- this combo should be served at baptisms, first communions, bar mitzvahs, wedding, and wakes.  Indeed, every time is a good time for chicken n waffles.

However, ONE specific time exceeds all the others.  That is, chicken n waffles as hangover food.  Nothing soaks up those poisons like a Tre Tre's platter with a side of grits and a Dr Pepper/Red Kool Aid.

This is a perfect place to take out of towners, particularly because of what most consider a bizarre concept (until they try it .. then they're like all "ooooohhhhh") and for the cool southern-style coziness.
Gawd i love this place.  Anyone wanna meet me for chicken and waffles???

I got lost the first time i went looking for it, but the search was well worth it.  GREAT chicken and real homemade waffles that put eggos to shame.

Try the mac and cheese too.  I'm sure that if Lolos was closer to my house, i would gain 20 pounds
One delirious food coma, a heavy dollop of cholesterol, two thick slices of saturated fat and a mild case of diabetic shock, to go please!

Translation: Let's split the sweet tea, a pile of fried chicken, some waffles, the fried okra, cheesy eggs with onions, a bowl of mac n' cheese and a slice of red velvet cake to go. 

Brimstone was on the air, a haunting violin dirge could be heard wafting through my head, and a sinking feeling settled at the bottom of my gut. We just made a deal with the devil and we didn't even know it. 

That or I was just too hungry to function properly.

But I do know that I would do terrible, devious things in the name of these chicken and waffles. Pawnshops would know me by name and assume I had a hard drug problem, but my only addiction would be the sweet fried perfection of Lolo's Chicken and Waffles!

Perfectly spiced, crisp but not overly battered, moist fried chicken that even Colonel Sanders would sell his soul for, provided he hasn't already done so in his quest for chicken dominance. 

Crunchy, buttery waffles with a hint of sweetness that are good on their own or smothered in warm maple syrup, that totally wipe the floor with those perpetratin' Waffle House hockey pucks.

Creamy, cheesy, smooth and decadent mac and cheese. A tribute to the best of Granny's kitchen and an affirmation that Kraft should be drawn and quartered for their powdered cheese monstrosity.

And sweet tea that quenches the thirst and makes your teeth hurt its so effing good! Or red Kool-aid, lemonade, fountain drinks, or regular unsweetened tea for you nonbelievers out there.

Almost everything at Lolo's is done well, except for their red velvet cake. It's dense and moist but the devil's food taste (it's chocolate cake with about three bottles of red food coloring in it for those of you that think red is the flavor) is weak and the cream cheese frosting was so thin that there wasn't nearly enough to lubricate the bland, meaty red slice. It was a disappointment. 

But on the bright side, maybe this is confirmation that we didn't make a deal with the devil, cuz his cake was weak.
I would eat here everyday if I didn't think I'd end up 400 pounds...

Minus 1 star because each time I've been here the service has kinda sucked and orders have been messed up.

Regardless, their fried chicken on waffles topped with syrup and a slice of Red Velvet cake to top it off......... is sooooooo heavenly.
Well, after being browbeaten by everyone I know who has been there some friends and I finally decided to make the drive down town to try Lo Lo's.

Following everyone else's advice here on Yelp we got there 10mins before they opened last Sunday. We were the 5th group in line and by the time the doors opened there was a pretty good sized line. As soon as we sat down I got up to use the bathroom (morning coffee works fast!) and noticed that EVERY table was full. I mean every table (this is approximately 45 seconds after opening the doors). 

Now, I worked in the restaurant business for over 5 years and that would have been a NIGHTMARE at any of the places I worked at. I was intrigued to see how they would handle it. 

They used a "shotgun" approach to serving, we saw at least half a dozen servers throughout our entire meal asking and getting us what we needed. The service was not notably friendly, but it was fast and efficient and there was almost always a server within earshot if we needed something. I have no complaints here, but I am relatively easy to please on the service side (probably the 5 years doing it myself ;)
Anyway, on to the food, we all tried to order so that we could try all the "famous" items. So I ended up having some of each of the following: Chicken, Waffles, Grits, Cheese Eggs, and Fried Okra.
I am going start at the best and move down. One caveat before we begin, I am not at all a fried chicken fan, I eat it on occasion but have never been excited about it or sought it out. 

1.) The Chicken: It was absofreakinlutely amazing. I am talking breathtakingly good. I'm talking take a bite and then hold it out in front of you to look at it to make sure it is just a piece of fried chicken in your hand. It was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside and not at all greasy. I don't know what they put in the batter but it was awesome. I am starting to salivate right now actually. I did try it true southern style with syrup on it, which was good, but I stopped because I felt the syrup was detracting from the overall flavor. I am not going to attempt to describe the taste, you are just going to have to go and try it for yourself; I will never do it justice. By FAR the best fried chicken I have ever eaten. All of this impression was with going in there with REALLY high expectations, if that tells you something.

2.) The Waffles: Like I just mentioned, I went to Lo Lo's with really high expectations because of friends and Yelp reviews. I was not disappointed here either. They were very, very tasty, and even slightly exceeded my expectations. They are the best waffles I have ever had, crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, smothered in butter and syrup YUM. I cleared my plate despite the physical pain of eating so much. I would go back here just for the waffles, but I have to admit, the margin by which the chicken exceeded my expectations was much larger.

3.) The Grits: They were very good; I probably won't get them next time, not because they were lacking but because they would take up valuable chicken and waffle space in my stomach. My only previous experience with grits was in the Army, and obviously, this was an entirely different species of grits.

4.) The Cheese Eggs: These were tasty, fluffy and cheesy, overall exceptional eggs. Mine got a little syrup and butter on them which actually were really good. I can't decide if I would forfeit more bits of chicken and waffles for them though =P

5.) The Fried Okra: Also very good, and a great appetizer. We had a native Texan with us who is a rabid okra fan and she said they were the best fried okra she had ever had. For me though, they will likely go the way of the grits next time.

For drinks we all got tea, mine was the only unsweet one (which was really good). The sweet tea fans in the group said it was the best sweat tea they have had in Arizona.

Overall we got our food fast, our drinks stayed full and the food was phenomenal and even better than were expecting (and we were expecting greatness). I will now be a regular customer and am going to start browbeating my friends that haven't tried it yet to go with me ;)

Lo Lo, I sincerely hope this restaurant has made you a wealthy man because it would be a crime if it hasn't.
My roommate & I went to Lo-Lo's on a random late Saturday morning.. and never wanted to leave. We waited about 20 minutes, the staff was great & incredibly friendly. The food.. oh the food. Frankly, we were completely useless the rest of the day after our ridiculously delicious meal.  We both agreed that they were the best waffles and the best fried chicken we had ever had, respectively. The sweet tea was so good, as well as the corn bread with real creamy butter. We had every intention of trying the red velvet cake, but it was sadly an impossibility. Next time!
My friend and I went here before a Suns game and waited 45 minutes to get in.  I knew this place was going to be good because all the famous sports players like Amare love to go there.  After the wait, we were allowed inside and we were starving.  We were instantly greeted by the owner/manager Larry White and he wasted no time getting us some sweet tea and Kool-Aide (I wish every place served Kool-Aide).  We both got the Lo Lo's plate which consisted of 3 pieces of chicken and 2 large waffles.  The food came out quickly and we didn't waste anytime chowing it down. The chicken was fantastically seasoned and breaded and the waffles were outstanding.  We were very satisfied with our meal and preceeded to the Suns game. Although the Suns lost by 30 points to the Pistons, the trip from Tucson was well worth it because of Lo Lo's.
One of the most unusual dining experiences of my life -- and fantastic! Chicken and waffles definitely work! I can also vouch for the red koolaid, mac-n-cheese, cornbread, and the smothered potatoes. If you're into grits I hear they are spectacular too.

Just be wary of the neighborhood, after dark you might not make it out alive. (not likely they are open long after dusk anyway...)
Lo-Lo's has some of the best food you can find in Phoenix, and they honestly make the best Southern food I've ever had.  Their fried chicken is absolutely fantastic - it's just so moist and flavorful.  Their Mac 'N Cheese is also excellent.  Honestly, everything here is just really good - the only thing that disappointed me was that the cheese grits weren't quite as cheesy as I had expected them to be.  Still though, they were delicious.  If you're looking for good Southern food, this is absolutely the right place to go.
What can I say that has not been said already.

This place is a Foodie's version of Crack!

I was half way home when I wanted to turn around and go get me some more!

OMG! It was just so delicious!! 

Starting with the giant mason jar of the coldest Ice Tea I've ever had and it was perfectly brewed not too strong or bitter. I got the unsweetened.

I ordered a chicken breast with a waffle and a side of mac and cheese

Everything arrived steaming hot, even the syrup! I Love that!
My waffle had a scoop of butter that was twice the size of a golf ball, The chicken was so crispy and flavorful, not too spicy or salty but just right, it wasn't even greasy.

My Husband got the same with a side of cheesy eggs, He was lickin' his fingers and bobbin' his head.....so what does that tell ya!

All in all it was the best we've ever had, We Will be Going back!

After the withdrawals wore I off I slipped into a complete food coma and slept the whole way home!
We went for our first trip this morning. When we drove by at about 9:45 a.m. it looked abandoned. So we were not sure if it was still operating. After waiting for a few minutes a few folks started arriving so we figured it will open soon. When it opened we were really surprised how many tables it held as it looks like it might fit three at best. Now mind you it is not huge, but larger than it looks. There were five of us and we fit well. We were greeted by a very nice young lady. In fact I would say this place has the cutest staff around. What I mean by that is they were all smiling friendly adorable folks.
We ordered our food and were attended to for drinks. Very large mason jars are used for the drinks and filled to the top. The food came. Four of us chicken and waffles and one had the rice and gizzards with gravy. We all loved the chicken, very tasty and quite crispy. Three of us liked the waffles, I being the dissenter. There was nothing wrong with them, it is just personal taste. I did not like the cinnamon added. We all took a bite of the rice and gizzards. Really good flavour with wonderful gravy. A good time had by all.
My experience here was great... until about 45 minutes after I ate. I devoured a golden brown waffle, two crispy and moist pieces of fried chicken and still had room for a few bites of buttery grits. On the way back to Mesa in the car, though, it all went wrong. I got super sick from Lo-Lo's chicken, and was holed up in bed for two days on my vacation with all the signs of food poisoning (i'll save you the gory details). 

I will never go back here and recommend staying away from this place, despite the great reviews.  It might be awhile before I can stomach any fried chicken again.
This is my first experience with chicken AND waffles. A bit too weird for me. Even after seperating it... eating the chicken first, then waffles... The chicken was sub-par, and the waffles were... eh...

Seriously, everyone who gave this place 5 stars... have you guys/gals ever eaten at KFC? or IHOP? Now thats some good chicken and waffles.

The sweet tea was good... I also got a stomach ache later on. I'm going to have to try Rosco's Chicken and Waffles... just to compare.
I heart you Lo Lo's~! 

From every bit of butter on my waffles to the HUGE sweet ice tea .. you have not disappointed me.  I had the best fried chicken with the best seasoning and the servers treat us like family. Always made sure we were taken care of and tummy's full. 

I wished you had better parking ... that is the only reason why I couldn't gave you  5 stars. Wait was about 30- 45 mins but it was worth it to me =)

till next time ..
What can I say.. I got the #3 and a side of fried okra, It was good.   I tried my friends catfish, I'd have to say it was some of the best catfish ive had in a while.  I also sampled my other friends grits and rice and gravy.. MMM M.  The chicken was excellent, just the right ammount of fried and a great flavor, and the waffles were tasty.  As stated below, I wish the chicken pieces were a little bigger...but then it would hurt to finish my plate.
I had a fever and the the only thing to cure it was... more LoLo's chicken and waffles!
I was actually there with Dave R. because we had a hankering for fried chicken. We both ordered #3's along with the red Kool-Aid. I opted for beans over rice and Dave had the fried okra. 
The chicken came out nice and hot with just the right amount of crispyness that's not from too much batter or coating, but from the right amount of frying. The waffles were the perfect compliment. The right amount of sweetness along with the heaping spoonfull of butter on top. The rice and beans were knid of put off to the side because of the "main event" but were tasty none the less.
My only concern was the sweetness of the Kool-Aid. I couldn't remember the last time I had Kool-Aid, but I never remembering it being this sugary. Maybe my mom had the right idea and only put 1 cup of sugar in to mix. What, the recipe only calls for one cup?
This was my 4th visit to LoLo's since moving out here last year. I was a regular at Roscoe's in Long Beach, CA and the only difference is in the waffle. Roscoe's puts cinamon in their waffle batter that gives it a unique taste. 
Also, unless you have been fasting for a week, the #1 is a lot of food! I finally learned my lesson and went for the #3 and I still couldn't finish my waffles.
The Kool-Aid hit the spot; nice and cold in a mason jar.  We were told the wait would be 30-45 minutes today when we arrived at 11:45 am (It's a Thursday.)  The wait ended up being only 10 minutes, but, after having eaten there, I would have waited the full 45.  My macaroni and cheese was great.  The cornbread, although a bit dry, totally hit the spot with the Kool-Aid.  The waffles and eggs (I ordered the "Lil Jay") were both hot and fresh and delicious.  Amazing!  I can't imagine a better place to eat in Phoenix.  Very inexpensive, and I took home my left-overs for later, because I won't waste a crumb of this delicious-ness!
For good comfort food, this is the best in Phoenix metro area.  I've been here a few times already and the food was always great.  Come hungry though because the portions are huge.  Having eaten chicken and waffles at Roscoe's in LA and some other places, I think Lo-Lo's comes away the winner!
There are two consistent tasting things on the menu. The chicken....and the waffles. Go figure! Don't get me wrong, its about the best soul food we have in the Valley. I'm from the Midwest and entire family is Southern...its certainly not the best I've ever had. In fact, not even close! But it'll do. 
Don't be mad Lo-Lo's lovers! You know I'm right about the inconsistent service and food. Your scrambled eggs will come out 5 min AFTER your main meal! IF you get them at all! Seriously!  The sweet tea is yum...although it will def put you in a sugar coma!!! 

Did anyone mention having to wait outside in the Summer at 110 degrees for an hour for a table? Bring a portable fan! LOL! But seriously, its great food! Just don't expect great service. 

Bon Appetite!
There are few places that I return to where I consistently eat as much as I can and then walk outside and dry heave (really the other only places are all-you-can-eat sushi joints).  

LoLo's is good, very good, but not great.  The fried chicken is good; the skin is delicious.  The scrambled eggs w/ cheese and onions are amazing, but the waffles are just all right.  The people I go with tell me that the grits are fantastic, however grits don't do it for me.  The amount of butter, cheese, and fried goodness is probably enough to actually kill a small child, and certainly enough to send anyone and everyone into a food coma.  Of course you can get smaller portions than the 'K.K.' (3 pieces of fried chicken, 2 waffles, eggs, and grits), but why?!  They also serve Kool-Aid and sweet tea, but they're pretty much just liquid sugar (try half sweet tea, half regular).  And the "homemade" lemonade is definitely just made from those powder lemonade mixes.  There's usually a line, but I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes, and the service ain't great, but that hasn't really ever bothered me (I'm usually too excited for the chicken & waffles to let something like crappy service bother me).  

All-in-all, it's a great place, especially if you're able to take a siesta afterwards (i.e., close the door to your office and pass out for an hour).  But I can't say it's better than Roscoe's in LA; I mean, come on, Roscoe's puts cinnamon in its waffle batter, so good .....
SOOOO Delicious.  I would have to say this is my new favorite restaurant. I'm so mad it took me this long to check it out. Lemonade is perfect on a hot day. The collard greens are AMAZING. You must try the collard greens.  One of the best meals I have had in a long time.
When I mention Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles to the uninitiated, I often get a reaction that chicken and waffles is an unusual combination. From a culinary point of view, chefs continually strive for balance. With Lo-Lo's you get balance between savory fried chicken and sweet waffles. It's like joy on a plate! 

For those in the know about Phoenix soul food, there is a fair bit of confusion about the link between Lo-Lo's and Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe. For the record, Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles is owned by Larry "Lo-Lo" White, the grandson of Mrs. White, the owner of Phoenix landmark Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe. 

Lo-Lo's is the best value-for-your-dollar restaurant in Phoenix. You can eat like a Soul Food King for $15 including your beverage (try half sweet tea and half regular iced tea to fend off the diabetic coma) and tip. 

I usually order the Betty Boop, which includes a fried chicken breast and a waffle. I make it real Betty Boop by adding a second breast. I'm always tempted by Aunt Hattie's Salmon Croquettes, but I invariably go for chicken and waffles instead because they are SO good! 

The fried chicken at Lo-Lo's is utterly delicious. Some reviewers have noted that it can take a while to get your food at Lo-Lo's. I challenge those detractors to fry chicken from scratch at home. Fried chicken is simply something that cannot be rushed. I fry my own chicken and it takes 18-20 minutes to fry a skillet of chicken. If you try to rush it, you burn the coating and skin and the meat does not cook through. Baring this in mind, I never complain if it takes a while to get my food at Lo-Lo's. Yes, there can be a bit of a wait when they're really busy, but I cannot express how happy I am not to be the poor soul slaving over a stove filled with skillets of frying chicken. Apparently some customers have tried to stop by Lo-Lo's in a rush to catch a flight at nearby Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport as they've posted a sign that reads:  "If you have a plane to catch, then maybe Lo-Lo's just might not be the place for you...PLEASE try us again when you have mo' time!  THX."

Besides the chicken, the waffles are delicious as they're loaded with vanilla and they're crispy and brown on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside. The warmed syrup adds that final touch of sugary goodness. You'll also see an eye-popping "dollop" of butter served with each waffle. This isn't a restaurant for the calorie-conscious, so spread the butter over your waffle, pour on the syrup, and dive in, honey!

The side dishes at Lo-Lo's are worthy of attention on their own. The Collard Greens are sublime and they're my favorite. They're always perfectly cooked and spicy. Lo-Lo claims all the side dishes are vegetarian and if they are, I tip my hat to him. I'm a bit dubious because the collard greens taste like they're loaded with rendered bacon fat and that makes them oh, so tasty! The BF agrees with me on the question about the vegetarian sides, not that either of us cares. The Mac and Cheese is excellent if you get it when it's fresh and the sauce remains nice and creamy. If you get it after it's been sitting for a while, it becomes a bit too congealed. The Rice and Gravy is tasty because the gravy is the star and it does not disappoint. Fried Okra has been added to the menu and it's great. The BF relishes the Cheese Grits and Lo-Lo does not skimp on the cheese or butter. 

For dessert (or Sanny Sand's in Lo-Lo speak) Red Velvet Cake is a bit of a disappointment. Red Velvet Cake should be remarkably tender and the texture of the version at Lo-Lo's is unfortunately reminiscent of corn bread. The cream cheese frosting is good, but not good enough to offset the overly coarse texture of the cake. After everything else, dessert is pretty much superfluous at Lo-Lo's anyway. Enjoy a waffle as your dessert if you must indulge in a final course.

This place is a true hole in the wall. If it seems small now with a grand total of 49 seats, imagine how tiny it was before they added the "west wing" as the six tables with 24 seats in the elongated room to the west didn't exist in the original footprint. However, this place has its own brand of ambiance and charm. Lo-Lo's walls in the room with the counter are lined with autographs of famous guests including Amare Stoudemire, Charles Barkley, Curly Neal, former Governor Rose Mofford, Larry Fitzgerald, Too Short, Ken Griffey, and WWII Tuskegee Airmen heroes.

I like to go for what I call "Gospel Brunch." On Sunday mornings you'll get the added treat of watching folks in their Sunday best after church. You'll see some awesome outfits and some super-stylish hats. One of my favorite memories of Lo-Lo's was a mature woman who ordered takeout in the late spring and waited in her Cadillac outside with the engine running and A/C on because she was in a floor-length fur coat! 

Thank you Lo-Lo for enriching the culinary heritage of Phoenix. I'm sure Mrs. White is very proud of you indeed.
In the not so wide world of Soul Food in Phoenix, my ranking would be:

4. Baby Kay's (although I hear things have recently taken a nosedive here)
3. Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe
2. Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles
1. Stacy's Smokehouse

Hubby might flip 1 and 2 since he has an addiction to the waffles. The best he's ever had, he says. They are very good, and so is the chicken, but I have recently discovered Stacy's superior version. The sweet tea is hella sweet to the point of total saturation, and everything is swimming in butter (Matt Poole must have taken this idea from here). The quality of the egg cookery varies quite a bit, and so does the red velvet cake (the last time I had it, it was burned). 

Will any of the inconsistencies keep us from returning? Hell no. It's one of our absolute favorite dining experiences in the valley. We go as often as we think our hearts can take it!
I just had lunch there. It was decent but honestly I'm not sure where all of the top notch ratings are coming from. The chicken was good, and the waffles were good, but not "oh my god, I HAVE to come back good". I probably wouldn't even consider taking my out of town friends here. I'll have to try Stacy's or Mrs.Whites.
Gluttony at it's finest.  There is nothing more satisfying than a meal of chicken and waffles.  The chicken was moist and flavorful and the waffles had a slight hint of cinnamon flavor.  To top it off, they serve kool-aid in mason jars and the sweet tea is mostly sugar, but still majorly awesome.
My first visit to Lo Lo's I have to admit, was totally against my will. It was my parents idea to take me there for my birthday a few years ago and I wasn't too keen on the idea. Now I'm a regular, at least as much as my stomach can handle it. The portions are enormous, and delicious. I always order the #2, it's smothered chicken with waffles, with a kool aid, and it is perfect. Probably going to give me a heart attack, but you gotta live! You gotta show up early, even on a weekday for lunch this place gets packed, and you have to wait outside where its hot. Probably 8 of my 10 visits have been on sunday mornings after a hard saturday night at Rose and Crown or another pub, so it hits the spot for those mornings perfectly. 

Oh, and to those saying this place is good for groups, what the hell? It's a small restaurant that doesn't take reservations. What about that is good for groups?
I have had this spot on my list to hit for over a year. My friend came into town from the Bay and I snagged her as my LoLo's date. 

We hit the place for a late breakfast on a Sunday. When we entered, we were greeted like family. The service was personal and quick. I ate every bit of my two piece and waffle. My sweet tea was served in a big mason jar and it was perfect. When we left, I felt like family. Many thank yous and good byes from the owner and crew. 

I am offically addicted! I am hoping now that my out of town date is gone, I can find someone else to soak up this amazing place.
At first most of my noobie friends are very skeptical about the fusion of Chicken and Waffles.  but after taking them to this place and experiencing firsthand the divine taste of what they first believe was a anomalous combination, it made them change their Religion.

For lunch time I suggest that you get to this place as early 11AM since this place has a very limited sitting you can expect up to 2 hour wait. :(
Sinfully Delicious: A Ladies Lunch of Gluttony

Once upon a time there were two coworkers.  They had been talking about going to Lo-Lo's and kept saying they would go there as a reward when they met some of their fitness goals.  Well, one coworker left the company before they made their goals, so they went there with a third coworker for her going away lunch.

They were a little curious where they were being taken when they ended up in the middle of nowhere in a not-so-great neighborhood.  They found a parking spot after 5 minutes of driving around, u-turns, and backing up.  They walked into the small house and got a seat in the very back on the side seating area.  The place was packed.

Two ordered a water and lemonade and the third went for the sweet tea.  It was SO sweet and SO good.  The jar they brought it in seemed enough for the whole table, but somehow she managed to take it down without a problem.

She ordered Tre-Tre's (2 chicken legs and a waffle) and a side of Mac n' Cheese.  They also split two cornbread muffins between the three of them.  They took a late lunch and waited a little while for their order so by the time it arrived, they were ravenously hungry and dug right in to the grub.  They didn't talk to each other for five minutes except to comment on the food and ask one another if they had tried it all yet.  The chicken was juicy and crunchy.  The waffles were soft and topped with buttery syrup goodness.  The mac n' cheese was creamy and rich.  The cornbread was fluffy and delicious.

After the initial feeding frenzy took place, they began to slow down.  It began getting hotter and hotter, but they kept eating, drinking, and sweating.  It was glorious!  The server came with the bill and the gluttonous ladies were so full and in a food haze they could barely explain how to split the check.  They sat for a while before they were able to leave and finally made their way back to work.  They proceeded to dream all day about the chicken, waffles, mac n' cheese, cornbread, sweet tea, lemonade, and all the goodness they consumed in less than 20 minutes.  Some of the women were more comfortable for the remainder of the day based on their wardrobe choices.  Everyone else was none the wiser.  All that was left to do was plan their next trip to Lo-Lo's and also the sister restaurant Mrs. White's Golden Rule.

The End.

The moral of the story:  Wear big pants with an elastic waist and order everything that looks good.
First, Lo-Lo's only gets 4 stars becuase L.A. is home to the famous Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles, which is the BEST chicken and waffles. I ate like every week for a good 3 years. Oh and I met Jesse Jackson there lol. 

Back to Lo-Lo's- the food was excellent. If you've never tried soul food, you're missing out, and should definitely treat yourself to the early heart attack because it's worth it. Just about nothing beats the juicy fried chicken breast smothered in gravy with a waffle on the side dripping in sweet syrup. Seriously, it's heaven for your mouth. 

Highlights: 
Sweet tea - Sweet as in it tastes like there's 5,000 packs of sugar in there and will send you into a diabetic coma. Hell yeah!

Greens- I love greens. These greens taste like they're made with bacon. Again, hell yeah! 

Potatoes and gravy- The gravy could be a little thicker but I still love it.

The only thing I didn't like too much was the mac and cheese. 

The service was fantastic, everyone was kind, prompt, and attentive. You can be waiting quite a while for a table, especially on Sunday mornings when people are coming back from church. Get there right when they open and don't worry about suffering from heat stroke in the summer. Or just wait in your car with the AC blasting until your name gets called.
Soul Food virgin here. I was convinced that chicken and waffles could not peacefully co-exist, but Lo Lo's proved me wrong. 

My stomach was not built to handle fried food, I'll leave it at that. However if your stomach IS built to handle it, I'm assured that this chicken is fantastic.

I took the advice of other yelpers and ordered Sweet Tea with half un-sweet, and it was lovely. 

Love:
The Mason jars of "drank."
The cinnamony waffles.
The friendly staff (all smiles, and quick to take care of you)
The casual/comfortable ambiance.
The menu items all nicknamed after, i assume, actual people.
The tender/spicy collard greens.

I'll be back, but I accept that fried chicken and I will have to agree to disagree. Thankfully, there's enough at Lo Lo's to keep my tummy full and happy.
I woke up an hour later in the passenger seat of my own car, my window plastered with puckerings of chicken-greased flavored lipstick. 

Apparently, we had met up with Erica O for lunch at Lo Lo's. We drank sweet tea out of Mason jars. The menu had items named after characters from Spike Lee films. There was a "Toy Toy" and a "Betty Boop" in 'Crooklyn' right? I could swear there was a Sha Nay Nay in there somewhere.

I was told I had ordered fried chicken smothered in mashed potatoes and gravy. Yes. Smothered. As in "served as one entity". According to Misty S, I tried fruitlessly to eat the aforementioned mad creation with a fork and knife, to try and give our lunch companion Erica O the impression that I was not, in fact, a gluttonous fatty without dignity, as my mashed potato-flavored chicken was trying to suggest.

I had mentioned, before passing out in the car, that I found the waffles to be fluffy bundles of cinnamon joy. And that they tasted just fine without syrup, which was good, because I ended up getting most of my syrup on the damned fried chicki-mashed potatoes.

They had offered us dessert afterwards, which doesn't make any sense to me. If I had just eaten two syrup-less waffles and fried chicken soaked in mashed potatoes and covered in mis-aimed maple syrup, the last thing I'd expect is to be offered red velvet cake. But I'm sure at the time the idea seemed much more reasonable.

The food couldn't have been that bad, for though it gave me a "food coma" as the natives call it, I didn't suffer any intestinal woes.

The story sounded so fantastic and sensational I almost didn't believe. Surely I would've remembered dining in such a wonderland of soul food stereotypes. I was tempted to call Erica O and cross-reference Misty S' account with one of her own, but we were in the parking lot of Arrowhead mall and I needed a new pair of shoes. Or two.
I was so looking forward to try this place out but was closed on the 4th of July, went back on Sunday at 10:30am but couldn't do the 45 minute wait  outside under the blue shade awning, too hot at 90 degrees...wah.  Will have to try again.
The first thing that I saw, when I walked up to put my name on the list to be seated, were a bunch of white people and an Asian guy.  The girls taking down names were Latinas.  The first thought that popped into my head was "Where all the soul brothas and sistas at?!?"  You can't have a soul food place, without the folks who invented soul food.  WTH?

But, alas, my fears were washed away.  Apparently, they were smart and showed up early, before Lo-Lo's opened, to get out of the heat and seated quickly.  Gotta remember that the next time because there is no waiting indoors.  You either gotta stand under a tiny 8x8 tent they set up or along the side of the building in the alley way.  So not cool, when it's already 100 degrees at 10am.  

Can you see me sweating?  Not pretty.

After a 35 minute wait, we were quickly shuffled into the a cramped little room.  Our orders were quickly taken.  Not even ten minutes later, the food arrived.  My "Toy-Toy" (two fried wings with a waffle) was delish!!  The chicken was cooked to perfection.  Crispy skin on the outside, juicy in the middle.  Finger lickin goodness.  The waffle was great, too.  Slightly crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.  

I have to admit, this place is waaay better than Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles.  Though, I've been a fan of theirs for years, the quality has slipped and the chicken was, more times than not, overcooked.  They're getting kicked to the curb.  Lo-Lo's is now my favorite chicken and waffle place.  

Despite the crampedness (is that even a word?) of the place, I'm still giving it a full 5-stars.  It's worth the wait and worth being up close and personal with your tableside neighbor.  Customer service quick and friendly.  Yes, it's a hole-in-the-wall place, but that's what makes it even more authentic.  It's unique, has a great vibe and great food.  Next time, I'm making room for some of the red velvet cake.
I have to say...I LOVE Lo-Lo's! The first time I head about "Chicken & Waffles" I thought it was strange and had no desire to go. 

After experiencing it for myself, I now know-  it's amazing! I swear there is something magical about those waffles. 

Just be sure to get there early as they always have a line out the door at lunch time.
So I'm sitting here going through my Yelps and am dumbfounded that I have never wrote about Lolo's.. been coming here for a couple years now and when it comes to soul food, it aint much better than this! 

There isn't much I can add here but concur how amazing the fried chicken is.. the only sucky thing on the menu was the red velvet cake.. horrid but the cream cheese frosting was so great that you didn't notice that the cake sucked right away.
This place is absolutely delicious. Some of the best fried chicken and waffles I have ever had.

Go for the Lo-Lo's plate (with white meat) and a jar of sweet tea.
Straight up... I talk too much.

I don't mean to... I just do but it might have been a good thing during my maiden voyage to Lo-Lo's. I met fellow yelper Kerstin ordered a two piece chicken with a waffle. I also ordered a side order of Mac & Cheese. I also ordered the Red Kool-Aid which came promptly in a jelly jar! SWEET! I was so excited! :)

Then we ordered and waited... and waited... and WAITED.. and of course - I talked... and talked... and TALKED!!

At first they said it would be a few minutes... and then they said that they were going to be making more chicken for us and promised it would be worth it. I put my faith in all the other great yelpers who loved this place that it would be in fact - worth it. So we waited some more - the waitress even offered a waffle as an appetizer. (yay!)

My first taste of Lo-lo's was... PERFECT! I never had a fresh waffle except for that one time at the Windmil Hotel & that waffle was rubbery! But... Lo-lo's was nothing like that rubbery shoe tread! It was light, crisp, and amazing with it's sweet cinnamon goodness. I loved it! :) I'm now worried that Lo-lo's has ruined me for all the other waffles in my future.

And then we waited some more and I talked some more... and then FINALLY our food came... well - most of it. I didn't notice it until I started to dig in to my own food that Kerstin's meal didn't come at first! She had to wait a few minutes for her meal - I felt bad, as I stuffed my face with my crispy fried chicken wing. Which was good, but great? Ummmm... Yeah, I guess it was. It was better than most but it was a little on the dry side. Honestly, it wasn't worth the wait. I could've been home with a bucket of the Colonal's finest 11 herbs and spices in the time it took for them to get our food out! 

The mixing of the flavors, of the chicken and the sweetness of the waffles was spectactular! Now this is where Lo-lo's shines! The chicken by itself? Meh... The waffles by itself? oooo... together? WHOA! I loved it! :)

But I couldn't even begin to eat it all!! There was so much food! I also sampled Kerstin's Catfish which was WAAY yummy! :) So was her green bean & potato side dish. it was hot and spicy and really good with some salt.

Overall, I loved the decor, especially the signed autographs on the walls - crazy kewl. The drinks served in mason jars. Even the color of the walls. I dug that the servers tried... but dude - it took us a few times of reminding them of my mac & cheese before it hit the table... WAAAAAY after we each started our dinner. (boo!) And even then - it was sticky and luke warm and lacked... soul. There I said it... a soul resturant's food lacked soul. For real.

I'll totally go back, but not with as much enthusiasm as i did the first time, but seriously - the first time is rarely the best time... so here's hoping for better in my Lo-lo's future.
LoLo's  tragically, I have tried to maintain a plan to loose some extra pounds. For you are the best place in town to pack on the spare bulk. Nothing at LoLo's could be considered "healthy". But everything can be considered extra tasty.

Take a drive, or maybe a walk to LoLo's and fill up on some of the best, southern style, down home food you will find west of Louisiana.

Just bring a bib, and an appetite
This place was bomb dizzle fo shizzle nizzle. Lol. They had some damn good mac and cheese. i ordered the lolos special, i think it was the #3 anyway, the chicken was real tasty and so were the waffles. Bring a camera when you come to this place because it has a real novelty aspect to it, this place might be a 5 star, but my waffle house experiences are close to none existent but i will edit my review if need be once i frequent more of these type places. Oh and they give you your drink in a big kerr canning jar 'pretty cool'
WHOOOOOOOOOWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!! that's some damned good fried chicken!

hahaha!! Forreally for real though... Ugh.... *Insert Homer Simpson-esque gargling sound here!* 

My cousin and I were spent the weekend being hermits and I got tired of it and offered her some LoLo's, never one to turn down a free meal, she happily said yes. We brought my mom along and were Lo-Lo's bound.

When we got there I saw the lil tent and mini bar of doom. I've read the many reviews warning me about Lo-Lo's 40+ minute wait... but seeing no one standing in the way of the misting fan, we decided to trudge on in... and we were SO lucky to find more empty tables than filled. We sat down in the nice cool mustered colored room, lined with Framed pictures depitcing the Jazz Era... 

We were quickly brought menus and we ordered a round of tea... I had the Half sweet & Half unsweetened tea... my cousin chose the sweetened tea and my mom the chose the unsweetened tea. When the HUGE mason jars hit the table they were excited! I held my own taste test and concluded that Yelpers are always right and that the half & half rules. 

Our waitress was nice enough to explain some of the dishes to us. We ordered and waited a lil while... not as long as I did the first time I went. While we waited and talked the rest of the tables around us quickly filled and we considered ourself fortunate to have arrived when we did. I told them of the warnings about going to Lo-Lo's after church on Sunday... Expect an hour long wait! They whistled and said that it couldn't be that good... 

and then the food arrived...

It was better than I remember it! i chose the Soul-food platter which comes with 3 pieces of fried chicken and your choice of two sides... I chose a waffle and smothered potatos and a large muffin type hunk of cornbread. My mom ordered the same thing but chose potato salad & yams as her sides. My cousin got a pair of drumsticks with a waffle. 

We were all silent for a good five minutes. When we finally went up for air. My mom couldn't believe how good her yams were. She looked like she wanted to cry! lol... and she said the potato salad was great and that the chicken was EXACTLY what she wanted!!  My cousin was inlove with the chrunchy-type crispness salty sweetness of the chicken & Waffle combination. and I, I was about to DRINK my smothered potatos, which are nothing but simply boiled potatos swimming in this basil-thyme(?) flavored chicken gravy that was sent here from heaven!! IT was the BEST gravy I EVER EVER tasted!! I was happily taking a bite of chicken with a bite of waffle and then followed it with a nice perfect smothered chunk of potato... when... when... it was GONE!! ARGGHHH!! When are they going to invent never empty bowls?!?! huh?! WHEN?!

There was nothing but small micro bits of potato swimming in the most amazing grazy... and all I had was a fork... but there... was still some left... and not a spoon in sight, but I could pick up the lil mini bowl.... 

"DON'T EVEN think about it!" My mom scolded me while reading my thoughts

DANG! 

I reached a happy medium when I got smart and skewerd a nice piece of chicken and dunked it in the gravy and I was SO back in business!! :D whoo hoo!! It was heaven. pure heaven. 

I know very few things about heaven... I know O'odham Cumbia in Heaven... and I know Lo-Lo's gravy is poured from FOUNTAINS in heaven!! haha.... 

Meanwhile - back on Earth, we devoured our food. I honestly thought I was going to have tons leftover for my lunch the next day... my mom thought the same... no such luck for any of us! My mom was in extacy over her yams that she asked for their recipe... the waitress said she'd ask and quickly came back with: brown sugar, cinnamon & vanilla - boiled and NOT baked... and that's it. And PLEASE let me tell ya'll - she has NEVER ever done that with me before... this woman doesn't like ANYTHING/BODY... and that day, she fell in love with those yams! (Where's my calender?!)

We were laughing and talking about how good the lemonade is (oh yeah - when I needed a refil, I just asked for some lemonade instead of more tea, she did it no problem... she also did the same for my cousin who tried the red kool-aid) and how great the food was when I got a call from a good friend of mine. I told him where I was when he made fun of me and told me to clog my artaries... I made a face and asked him in a rather rude tone if he's ever been to Lo-Lo's, he said no. And then I told him... he'll never get how little I care about my artieries when I'm here until he tries it for himself! Only until you try it do you get how amazing it is...

So simple, so devine. So yummy, so Lo-Lo's.
Hellz yeah! I love Lo-Lo's! I was only fortunate enough to visit this place once - after a 5 mile walk for JDRF. So - the calories that come along with fried chicken and waffles were acceptable. The food was awesome! I hope to be able to go back someday.
All I can say is excellent in every aspect.  The fried chicken is mouth watering, the waffles are the best I have had, and the red kool aid is so damn good!  I don't know how they make the red kool aid like they do, but it's the best.  The service is always friendly and fast, and I have ate here numerous times.  I have never once had bad food or a bad experience.  Thank god I found this place in phoenix.
this place is HOT in all aspects. their chicken is damn good and the atmosphere in the place does get a little too hot at times. it's awesome though! i like the friendly service they provide. 

the food is very RICH especially their iced tea, it's like drinking pure sugar, soooo good... sometimes - like once a year. but other than that the food is great!! i suggest trying it out and see for yourself. i love fried chicken and waffle so i can't really complain. their corn bread is good too! it makes me salivate just thinking about the greasiness. YUMMM!!!
I've tried dining here twice.  The first time I visited, the resto was so packed, I waited ten minutes and then left.  The second time, debated on leaving, but stayed.  Had fried chicken, a waffle, cornbread, and the candied yams.  Best thing were the yams!  Chicken was alright.  Waffle was too thin, light in color, and soggy.  It didn't help to witness one of the staff sneaking in the back with a bag of Bisquick while I was waiting for a table.  I thought the waffles and batter were homemade??  Cornbread didn't even compare to Redfish or Z'Tejas!  Honestly, it tasted like the dried versions I tried at Big City BBQ and Marie Callender's... Tsk, tsk.

If I were to return, it would only be for the candied yams/sweet potatoes.  Those deserved 5 stars!
I've only had take out from here so i don't know about the service.  all i've had is the food and i'm always extremely happy with that, even if it does put me in2 a food coma.  

things i've had from here include: 
chicken (fried or smothered, i want 2 swim in a pool of their gravy)
fried okra
greens (these r so good, better than the greens i've had from Roscoe's)
rice/beans
cheesy eggs

the cornbread is kinda dry 2 me, and i'm not a fan of waffles or grits neway.  but i will say this is the best fried chicken in town hands down!
I only get the Betty Boop & and orange soda and it's so much food that I don't need anything else.  The chicken is really good.  The waffles are even better.  Both taste great with syrup on 'em.

I tried the mac & cheese once...it was just ok.  I tried the green beans...they were good.

I like the atmosphere, location, service and supporting locally-owned business, so I'll be back any time I can!
I was so hungry as a result of drinking the night before that, once we made it through the 1.5 hour wait, I ate the chicken without really enjoying it (or giving it time to cool off). BUMMER. Whose idea was it to come to Lo Lo's ON A SUNDAY? (mine). Those who could taste their chicken and remember said it was just okay. Some said they'd prefer KFC (gulp).

The waffles are too thin and soggy for my liking.

Everything is served with an ice cream scoop's worth of butter. I LOVE IT, screams the fat kid in me.

Kool aid and sweet tea are awesome. Fried catfish was tasty. 

I think people come here for the ambience more than the food, but I should go back and let it cool before devouring, and I need to try other things. Service is awesome in that no bullshit way, not the service-with-a-smile kind of way. I kind of like it.
You should only venture to Lolo's if you are looking to eat the best fried chicken EVER!  Seriously! I though I though I had died and gone to heaven.  The waffles were also enjoyable as were the grits and mac and cheese but oh man you've got to try this chicken!
 
My friends and I went on a Tuesday night around 5 and walked right in.
I drove from Los Angeles for a conference in Phoenix so I did a little research and decided to stop at Lolo's first before heading to the hotel.  I am glad I did but not so much.  The chicken was very good.  They pulled a Church's number and added parts of the breast to every wing, giving you a big piece of meat.  The breading was tasty and the meat was moist and juicy.  However, that was where it ended for me.  The waffle was okay, it had a cinnamon taste to it that was different but it was very thin and small (maybe I am just used to Roscoe's).  The mac and cheese was very rich but too rich.  I was basically cheese sauce with some macaroni thrown in.  I couldn't complete the whole thing.  I was just about on my way out the door when I saw someone's sweet potato pie.  I turned back around and ordered one for dessert.  Shouldn't of done that.  I was not impressed with the taste so that was wasted also.  I would stop here for the chicken but I am not pressed to try anything else.
You should only venture to Lolo's if you are looking to eat the best fried chicken EVER!  Seriously! I though I though I had died and gone to heaven.  The waffles were also enjoyable as were the grits and mac and cheese but oh man you've got to try this chicken!
Wow, talk about covering all your essential food groups: grease, oil, lard, and fat. Oh, I forgot the maple syrup: pure sugary goodness. I ate waffles.. fried chicken... salmon cakes... bacon... grits... It was a food coma done right. I have to disclose that the after-effects include: waist expansion, sleepiness, and an insatiable need to be still and slothlike. 

Despite the health risks of eating at Lo-Lo's, it's pure bliss: a symphonic orchestra of flavors that should be experienced on a regulated basis - try once every few months.
The food raves are largely warranted, but what further separates Lo-Lo's is the service and multiracial atmosphere, which can be hard to come by in Phoenix.  Before I'd walked halfway across the street from our car towards the restaurant, we were acknowledged by an outdoor hostess. A couple minutes later, she beckoned us from inside the front door to "Come on in"  - as if this were a special clubhouse or night spot.  

Inside, our waitress was friendly and knowledgable and a tag team staff is always breezing by, anticipating needs: refills, napkins, defibrillators.  A couple tables over, they fussed over an elderly patron like bees on a honeycomb.   

There's a pleasant and thoroughly Black self confidence about Lo-Lo's that's, I dont know...affirming.  They're good at what they do, and treat everybody the same- which is quite well - even if you're a patronizing N. Phx yuppie on your annual sociological trek down to the hood.  We were the only Anglos in our area, and felt welcome and thoroughly taken care of. 

Righteous chicken, laughably huge waffles. Lunch here and you may not eat again til breakfast.  Not fancy, but fine.  Worth a special trip.
One of my friends insisted that I try Lolo's so we went during a lunch hour. Fortunately we arrived before it got crowded. I ordered the a combination plate that included about half of the items on the menu. About 15 minutes later our food arrived, but my order was everything on the menu but what I ordered. I figured that since it looked and smelled so good I would bite my lip and eat what I had in front of me. The waitress walked by and noticed. She insisted that they make me the plate that I ordered and the one that I had been eating was on the house. At first I said no...but she wouldn't hear of it. The rest of the menu was sitting in front of me in five minutes. Now...I am a good sized guy with a ravenous appetite, but that was ridiculous. I will say that everything was delicious. I had a little bit of everything. The highlight of the meal was the MACARONI AND CHEESE. BEFORE YOU DIE (caution: it might be the CAUSE of your death) you must eat their mac and cheese.

All in all, a great eating experience.
Can you say "food coma?"

OMG... I think perhaps I am in a food coma as I type this review... not sure what more I can add that the other 75 reviews haven't covered, but I'll give it a shot!

We went to Lo-Lo's today after the Phoenix 10k.  There was a group of 7 of us total and we arrived around 10:30am.  We were told there would be a 30 minute wait (which was pretty accurate).  Some of us went in and filled up drink cups with Kool Aid, Lemonade, Iced Tea or a combination - the sugar totally held us over!

We studied the menu as we waited so we all knew what we were going to order before we sat down.  Rasheeta was our waitress and she was awesome - there were a few other guys helping her out as well.  I had the "Nay Nay's" which came with 2 waffles, 2 eggs (i ordered them over easy), and grits.  Oh, and I ordered a side of fried okra as well.  (I figured I may as well go all out 'cause who knows when I'll be back).  The waffles and grits had enough butter on them to feed an army of hungry runners.  I also had a bite of Jared's Fried Chicken.  Everything was delicious...

So much for all of the calories burned during the 10k.  Thanks Lo-Lo's for my fix of Southern Food - it reminded me of the good ol' days I spent in Atlanta!  

I'm sure I'm missing some highlights from our meal, but since I was there with a table full of yelpers, hopefully they will fill-in what I missed!
Lo Lo's is pretty much what you'd expect a place focusing on "Chicken & Waffles" to be. Small, lively, full of smiling people all eating, well......chicken and waffles. The line out front attests to its popularity. 

After finishing the Phoenix 10K this morning, our group decided that Lo Lo's would be the perfect place to undo all of the health gains we had made. Little did I know that I would be undoing an entire year's worth of morning jogs. It was the sort of experience that makes you wonder if you should consult a cardiologist. 

We had a short wait for our table, but were able to quench our thirst on soft drinks, punch, and sweet tea. The staff was extremely friendly. Everyone who works here seems to love it. 

I am a big fan of chicken. I am a big fan of waffles. Yet, I have never had them together. Thus, I decided the only choice for me was their No. 1 Meal, called KK's. Three (3!) pieces of fried chicken, 2 waffles, grits, and eggs w/ cheese and onions. I figured if I was going to eat at Lo Lo's, I was going to go for it. 

The food came pretty quickly. The first thing that struck me were the two enormous globs of butter (1 in my grits and 1 on my waffles). In all my life, I have never knowingly eaten this much butter in a single sitting. That being said, it was divine. Everything was delicious and, while I am not a big "fried chicken" guy, I must say that all three pieces disappeared quickly. Other members of our group sampled the fried okra and the red beans & rice. I heard nothing but happy sounds as our table of 7 made approximately 15,000 calories disappear. This was followed by groans and calls for afternoon naps as we all piled into our cars to go home. 

Lo Lo's is one of those experiences that should not be missed. But, make sure to clear your afternoon and, just to be safe, you may want to consult a health professional.
The fried chicken was perfectly done - crispy yet juicy, tender but not overly cooked. The batter had a nice crunchy texture and a surprisingly good taste. The chicken wasn't overly battered but there were bites of just crispy batter -- which I didn't mind. I did make sure to put enough red rooster (hot sauce) on the chicken to kill a small horse so I may have been eating my own tongue and not realized it.

The waffles were nicely prepared and very flavorful as well. They were very warm, not too soft, and not totally dried out or crunchy. I'd say they were just about right. As you can see from the pictures, they are served with a golf ball sized portion of butter. You really need to dig into those babies quickly as the combination of warm waffle, melting butter and addition of syrup makes for a great experience that must be enjoyed right away. Luckily enough, the waffles go down smoothly with almost no regrets. I had two which was a perfect amount.

The wait outside wasn't too uncomfortable and was well worth the culinary delight inside. I enjoyed the quaint setting, friendly service and especially the meal that brings together a variety of foods that you normally wouldn't create in your own kitchen. Then again, I don't own a waffle iron or a deep fryer. 

I'm a fan.
Butta...with extra butta.  My new favorite post first friday's hang out.  It's sure to soak up any linguring "33" from Sens or Kiltlifter from "fate."  I found myself dipping or should I say soaking the waffles in the delicious maple surup and washing it down with a big glass of Kool-Aid.  I think the pictures provided offer a good representation of what you can expect to find when you dine at Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles.
I have a confession. I dream of eating fried chicken every six months. No joke. I'm a pretty healthy eater so I think it's my body's natural way of telling me, it's time. I may have rid myself of my southern Georgia accent but I can't rid my love for fried chicken. 

The problem however, was when I moved to AZ I had a hard time finding a replacement to my favorite chicken joints back in Atlanta; Popeye's & Church's Chicken. I know it's a chain, but you ask Beyonc, she'd tell you it's freakin tasty chicken! And next time I see her I'm gonna tell her to bounce her ass over to LoLo's, as should you. This place is off da chizzle fo shizzle! (excuse me while I practice some slang) You want sum fried chickin and waffles with a little soul? Then you best get in line. We waited about 30 minutes to get seated. Trust me though, LoLo, he's the man, he makes it worth it.

I ended up going with the LIL'C meal which came with 2 mouth watering drumsticks with read beans and rice. Gabi wanted to share a side order of okra, I said no. I wanted me own. Besides I didn't know when I'd be back and I ain't goin back to Georgia until Christmas. I had to seize the opportunity to be selfish, sorry Gabi. Oh and to wash all that yummy saturated fat down, I ordered "a jar of drank" which was Red Kool-Aid. Haha...how fun is that. Kool-Aid! Can I get sum kool-aid ova here!

Anybody who likes some good ol' soul food knows this place delivers. Ask Ms. Blige, Too Short, Ms. Stone, Snoop Dogg and Charles Barkley, they've eaten there, they'll agree. Who knows maybe you'll get lucky and see pistol-packing Mabel "Madea" Simmons there. I'm just sad I didn't. I love her.

In conclusion, do you like kool-aid, fried chickin, waffles, okra, gizzards, collard greens and butter balls then gitty-up down to south Phoenix and give LoLo a holla. Oh and before I forget, if you happen to have a ghetto ass TV that needs fixing, take it next door, they'll fix it. :)
What a perfect treat after a strenuous cardiovascular workout?! This Phoenix secret is definitely on my list of restaurants to visit again. Just don't eat here too often as the fare is high in carbs and saturated fat. The food is served hot out of the kitchen as soon as it's ready, so there is little wait time. It's a good idea to remember your order number and meal name as the person bringing out the order probably won't be your server. Although the service was rushed, it's what I expected from a busy, family-owned restaurant on a Sunday morning. 

Before a table was clear, I was reminded of waiting outside to be seated at a popular restaurant in New York City in the chilly winter wind and snow, expect it was a warm fall morning and we were definitely not in Manhattan. The decor was minimal, but clean and finding the place took some extra effort (if you are coming from the north on Central its right after Buckeye and there is no sign). For a taste of the Southeast right in the middle of the Southwest, stop in at LoLo's, fo' sho'.
Great Waffles, chicken and my favorite----chicken gizzards, gravy and rice.  The peach cobbler was also great.  Only complaint I have is that the coffee, tea, and soft drinks--even though in large containers are too expensive.  One of the most friendly 'wait-staff' I've found in the city.
Now I know that most folks who live here have either never heard of this combination or thought of it as some racist stereotype but Lo Lo's serves up the best fried chicken in AZ along with a side of waffles and a cup of syrup like you've never tasted before. The menu is a bit limited in scope featuring dozens of iterations of their featured foods Lo Lo's delivers multiple southern-style sides like grits, rice and gravy, fried okra, collard greens, red beans and rice, fries, mac & cheese, and eggs. Make no mistake, one could easily fill up on side dishes.

You'll find Lo Lo's (if you're lucky) in the SoJack (I'm inventing terms here for the area south of Jackson) off Central. It is a small house-looking structure with a gated door on it. Inside you will find cramped confines that will have the loud and lively wait staff running around you with dishes and cups no matter where you sit. Don't expect quiet, you won't find it. Don't expect privacy, you left that at home. Come and enjoy the people and the food. It is worth the trip and for the experience. We are lucky to have a place like this. The Southern Kitchen in Tacoma was one of the few authentic Southern food places that I have found outside of the south. To have Lo Lo's bringing some culture to AZ is much appreciated. You will not find this kind of food elsewhere in Phoenix.
Not health food but worth the 20 minutes of life you lose by eating there.  The food is stick to your ribs delicious. Fried Chicken great. Waffles Great. Fried Okra great.  You need to get there around 11:00 if you expect to sit down right away so if you go later expect to wait.
Lolo's does Soul Food right. Once I heard about this place years ago, I've brought everyone of my family members here at least once. 
The food is good, the service is good, with happy employees serving up the chicken, waffles, mac & cheese, Kool-Aid and Red Velvet cakes. 

I've not had one bad meal in this place. And I was the token metal head, who came weekly. I recommend the Lo-Lo Platter (2 piece chicken, waffle and a side). Or the Catfish platter. Damn good. 
The grits, mac & cheese, collards, fried okra and red beans and rice are all tasty. 
It is a small place, and with that comes a long wait if you come to dine at peak times. I usually get there at 1pm. After all of the downtown office workers bug out and go back to their cubicles. 
I would recommend this place to anyone who appreciates good, old fashion comfort/soul food.
I'm a big fan of Roscoe's in LA and always hoped to find something along the same lines here, in my home state. While Lolo's isn't quite Roscoe's, it is still quite delicious. The staff is friendly and very helpful. Thankfully we ordered pick-up, because the line was a half hour wait, just to be seated. It's a popular spot.

The chicken and waffle combo was very tasty, but their fried okra wasn't the best and the lemonade was too sweet.

I am still pleasantly full by this comfort food gem in downtown Phoenix and would recommend this to anyone.
My first review on yelp is Lola's in Phoenix (another favorite) and it is certainly not to be mistaken for Lo-lo's. This soul food joint is one of the best in the country - it has a proper back-kitchen, cafeteria feel to it, friendly service and hands down the best waffles and chicken anywhere. There is something uniquely cinnamonny in the syrup that makes the perfect topper to their waffle; the chicken is deep fried, the grits waiting to swim in butter, the lemonade cool and sweet on a hot Phoenix day. Your doctor may not like you going here, but your stomach certainly will.

Find an odd hour to go; Sunday mornings are always particularly packed with the post-church crowd and it's harder than usual to find a seat. Chicken and waffles are good any time of the day.

And a last note - get a t-shirt, wear it around and see just how unusual the idea of chicken and waffles is to the non soul food loving masses.
The two things I love about this place; red velvet cake and koolaide. My praise only echos what has already been said here, I just had to post to show my love.
Visiting some friends in Phoenix and saw all the great reviews on Yelp for Lo-Lo's.  Any place that includes chicken & waffles in its name has to be able to back that up!

Short version: everything was wayyyy better than we could have hoped for!  Possibly the best friend chicken I've ever had - golden brown and moist & juicy with excellent batter.  The straight-up fried chicken is superb, but I ordered mine "smothered" with chicken-onion gravy and it was soooo good.  The waffles are also great - light and flavorful batter with a hint of cinnamon.  And yes, Lo-Lo's proves that chicken & waffles belong together!

Honorable mention: the sides.  We tried collard greens, fried okra, creamy grits and candied yams (some of the best I've ever had).  Not a single wrong order out of a table of 5 on our first visit - doesn't that tell you something?
I have such a love/hate thing going on when I eat at Lo-Lo's. I love eating there then I immediately hate myself for doing it. The waffles slathered in butter are so damn good with my drumstick coated in hot sauce. Man, I could really go for some this weekend. Too bad I'm out of town :-/ To top it off, it's only $20 for two people!
Have I really never reviewed Lo-Lo's? Seriously?? 

This morning, Dottsy, Robert M and I headed for SoDo (is that what the hipsters are calling the area just south of downtown?) for some chicken and waffle perfection. Lo-Lo's hits the mark on everything: my gravy and onion covered chicken was all sorts of awesomeness, the waffles were golden brown loveliness, the greens were bang on, the mac and cheese a creamy blissful experience, the red beans and rice were smartly appealing and the fried okra was splendid happiness. Sure, we ordered a lot of sides, but we wanted to be fair. 

Lo-Lo's was like a religious experience--Sunday service was being played on the radio, there were babies crying, their food is also served in Heaven (or at least that's keeping me focused on the afterlife). 

As well as being perfectly filled with some of the best food ever, we also had a marketing brainstorming session. The first was a tour of some great soul food restaurants using Metro and make it into a UYE. Its name? Pause for dramatic effect: The Soul Train. Something else came up but we're keeping a tight lid on that project.
Some co-workers talked me into Lo Lo's, so I tried it.  Loved it, but thought I could feel the blood flow in my arteries slow down.  The food is great tasting, but it may not prolong your life.  But, hey, none of us can live forever.  Their chicken is the best, cooked golden brown and crispy.

The restaurant is located just south of downtown Phoenix in an old house.  There is not much space inside the house, so if you go there for lunch, leave early.  There are lines out the front door after 12 noon.  If you are in Phoenix, you have to try Lo Lo's.  There is nothing else like it.
If a half star could be given I would in the case of Lo Lo's Chicken and Waffles. 

I had heard about this place from someone at work who said he went there every Sunday after church. I was a little skeptical, but really wanted to try it. A date was set with a few of us from work and I couldn't wait. Sadly it was cancelled. Brad was sad :( But then Dallas G suggests we go there that same Friday night after a bunch of drinks. So Saturday morning I made the long trek from Cave Creek to downtown. 

When I arrived I was a little worried about my car, but figured it's not worth anything anymore anyway. I only had to wait about 5 minutes as my 3 friends were already waiting for a bit. I had studied the menu online a couple of days prior and already knew what I wanted. So I got my Betty Boop, mac and cheese, and lemonade in the mason jar. My good buddy Z laughed at me a little for ordering the Betty Boop. 

So the fried chicken breast, waffle, with the ice cream sized scoop of butter on it, come out, along with the mac & cheese. Needless to say the food was awesome! The waffle was buttery, a little cinnamony, and delicious. The chicken breast was good, a little dry, but I had no problem cleaning all the meat off. The mac & cheese was good too. The best part was when the bits of fried batter would fall off into some syrup. This is a dish unto itself. The salty and sweet were awesome. Reminded me of bacon and syrup. 

Prices weren't high at all. Great place for some next day drinking recovery. I have been raving about it to all of my friends since. In fact, I think we will be going this Saturday.
Pretty much the most amazing chicken and waffle experience I've ever had.

I went to LoLo's with Robert and Bacon on a Sunday morning. We were only made to wait for a short time before we entered the shrine of soul food. We were greeted very warmly and asked what we wanted to drink. I had the sweet tea. I usually LOVE sweet tea but they were not messing around! Next time I'll order 1/2 sweet and 1/2 regular tea. For my meal, I got the 2 piece and a waffle. We chose several sides to share between the three of us. We had the red beans and rice, mac and cheese, collard greens and fried okra. 
I was amazed when the food arrived at the table. The waffle was hanging off of the side of my plate and smelled like heaven probably should! I tried the fried chicken and I was taken back to my childhood. The chicken was well seasoned and has a bit of baking powder bite to it! AMAZING. It wasn't at all greasy or soggy in any way. My mouth is watering just typing this review. In the background, there was great gospel music playing so I hope that getting a dose of Jesus while eating fried chicken might banish any of its artery clogging properties.... yeah.... 
We were checked on several times to see if we needed anything and we were treated cordially. I will visit LoLo's any time, any day as long as someone is there to share the guilt with me!
A philosophical elder of my profession commonly says "Everyone needs three vices.  Sex and chocolate don't count."  

If I still lived in Phoenix, LoLo's Chicken and Waffles would definitely be one of my vices.  The chicken is pure fried goodness. The mac n'cheese is creamy and crispy goodness. The waffles are BEYOND DELICIOUS.  

If I could give any future LoLo's consumers a hint it would be this: if you are sensitive to too much sugar like I am, don't waste your precious pancreatic islets on the beverages.  I succumbed to the peer-pressure and got an Arnold Palmer, which of course comes in a quart-sized Mason jar.  I reached my sugar capacity before the meal even started.  I can only imagine the explosion of flavor in my mouth I would have experienced had I not wasted all my buds on sweetened tea and lemonade.
First off, let me just say that this is my first yelp.  Go easy on me.

Visualize yourself shitfaced at the end of the night, stopping for a bucket of KFC because nothing could ever taste better than food when you're that drunk.  You with me?  LoLo's is that good, only sober, and in the morning.  Show up there at 955am on a Sunday and you'll see a line of brothas in their sunday best waiting to get in to this place.  And where that line of people goes, I will blindly follow.

Because inside you'll find: mason jars (!) of red Kool-Aid, good ol' fashioned Southern sweet tea, or whatever soda you want.  But then there's the plate of fried chicken.  Top it off with red rooster sauce and life is damn good.

Alternatives: mac and cheese

The waffles are good but to be honest with you, I feel like they just get in the way of the best fried chicken I've ever eaten.  (Sober or drunk)  I mean, you wouldn't just go to the original pancake house and get only eggs and hash browns, would you?  Only a goddamn fool would do that.  No, you are the person that goes to Mastro's for the steak, Sapporo for the teppan yaki, and Red Lobster for the, well, red lobster.  (you know what I mean...)  And since you are that person, go to LoLo's.  Get a jar of drink and eat so much chicken that you want to die.  It's a good feeling.
Okay, I know this place has been yelped 99 times before me, but I just have to say how much I LOOOOOVE their waffles!!!  I've been there about 3 other times prior, and today was no different!  On this particular day I had the #10 which is two legs and a waffle, and then I had a side of mac and cheese.  As with every other time I'd been here, they did not disappoint.  The chicken was on point, crispy and well seasoned, the mac and cheese was oooey gooey cheesy goodness, and the waffle was oh so scrumptious!!!  They're light and fluffy, they have a hint of cinnamon, the butter they put on top is also fluffy, and the syrup is served hot.  It's orgasmic!!!  So if you want some bomb chicken and the best waffle you've ever had in your life, go to Lo Lo's Chicken & Waffles!!!
Being a white girl from Gilbert I never thought I would eat at a place that combines fried chicken with waffles.  The naive inner-workings of my brain caused by the culinary repression in the East Valley were so wrong.  So so wrong.  I will never forget the day I went to Lo-Lo's.

Sometimes when you combine two unexpected foods together you reach this special nirvana that you never thought possible.  For some people it is chocolate and bacon (tried that in a cupcake and did not like it) and for me, I reached the ultimate bliss with chicken and waffles.  May the clouds part and the gods sing hallelujah.

When the husband and I went, we tried to keep it traditional and ordered some fried chicken, some waffles, some mac and cheese, and some cornbread.  Lo-Lo's clearly believes in the mantra that butter is better.  Everything is loaded with it, and I love it.  The mac and cheese was intensely buttery and creamy, with just the right amount of "mush" in the macaroni to make it down home and comforting.  The chicken is crispy, crunchy, greasy and flavorful... exactly as it should be.  The waffles are thin, soft and buttery with a hint of spice.  The thin and piping hot maple syrup was served along with the waffles.  I found the best way to combine everything is to shred your chicken as best as you can, sprinkle it on top of your super-buttered waffles, douse it in syrup, and then dive in.  One bite of this and you know what I am talking about.

There is nothing wrong with this place.  It's hectic and loud with the cooks and servers yelling at each other, but it's comforting and peaceful in it's own special way when your server smiles and hands you your mason jar full of soda.  You want authentic?  Go here, and you can't go wrong.

Lo-Lo's, I will love you forever, my body be damned.
Ever get that feeling when you're hungry that you could eat just about anything, but nothing sounds all that appealing? I was having a case of that a couple weekends back, so I just had to call up my friends and tell them we're trying out a new place. Just like everyone on the planet (outside of those nutso vegan types), I've had my fair share of fried chicken. However, I had heard of Lo-Lo's a couple times, and I felt I was doing myself and my friends a disservice by not having tried it out already.

I was absolutely right. Admittedly, the wait to get inside was pretty long, but this seems to be the norm at the best places in town. Most likely, people are tired of hanging around Applebee's waiting for an overdone steak.

Upon finally walking inside, I was bestowed with an image that will be burned into my mind until the dirt nap: Shaquille O' Neal was sitting at a small table and looking at his phone with a very generous meal laid out before him. He had driven to the restaurant in his Ferrari (an F360, I believe). If this place is good enough for Shaq, it's good enough for me. I mean, who am I? Shaq could step on me and I'd be in Traction.

Anyway -- all Shaqs aside -- the Lo-Lo meal is perfect. Good-sized portion, but not overdoing it. Three pieces of chicken and two big waffles for nine dollars. Of course, make sure to have a little extra for a drink. Sides are available as well, but the chicken and waffles alone filled me up right. Some of the best fried chicken I've had in a long time (at least since last time I went to Mrs. White's), and certainly the best waffles. What else can I say? I'm a believer.

While you may not have the same experience I did (I doubt Shaq lives in the restaurant), you will love this place if you even moderately enjoy soul food. It's got a charm all its own and some of the best eats in town.
Hands down the best chicken & waffles I've ever had! Being a SoCal guy, Roscoe's in LA has been a frequent stop for me over the years but Lo-Lo's in downtown Phoenix takes the trophy. The only time I've ever been called a CRACKER was at this place. I'm not even a white! Go figure. For the record, some people may think this establishment is in a rough/sketchy part of downtown. That's up to you to decide. I felt safe. Its blocks from Chase Field & US Airways Arena. So if you're headed to a Sun's or D-Backs game, you gotta stop by Lo-Lo's prior to get yourself some fried chicken. You'll love it!
I've noticed that this place has gotten a majority of 5 stars, well that may be due to the awesome chicken with the tasty skin that you just have to devour, and the greens that had me picking up my bowl and consuming the goods like 3 year old, but can I get some room, please! 
I'm knocking elbows with everyone around me. When I want to fully enjoy my meal I want all of it to go into my mouth, not down my shirt because the person behind me had to get up and shoved my chair right to the table. No elbows on the table here; there's no room!!! 
oh, and the mac n' cheez is good and all but why is it after 2 bites I taste nothing but cream of mushroom soup and not cheese.....just a thought! 
and that is why I give 4 stars and not 5......
Lo-Lo's is exactly the sort of place which explains the reason I love Yelp. As a tourist in Phoenix, I would never have found this place on my own but as a fan of fried chicken, I'm so glad Yelp pointed me in its direction.

Lo-Lo's is a small restaurant on a side street with street parking. It has a real mom and pop family atmosphere as you walk in.

As I wanted to try the famous red velvet pie for dessert, I limited myself to trying the fried chicken and waffles, which sounded an odd combination to a British palate. Well, the fried chicken was great but not the very best fried chicken I've ever had. The waffles were nice but I'm still not 100% sure they're the best fit for fried chicken. There was so much else on the menu I wanted to try but my stomach had no space left. The red velvet cake was nice and sweet but the portion size defeated this British stomach!

The staff kindly offered me a free Lo-Lo's T-shirt when they found out I had come all the way from London. Main disappointment is that I missed Shaq on my visit!
Chicken and Waffles? Who would have thought?

I'm not sure how to sum it up except just a fun little place with great food! The waffles and homefries were my favorite (not much of a fried chicken person, but someone with me said it was good).

They serve Kool-aid, lemonaide, soda, etc...in a big mason jar. It's just that kind of place.

It's a must-do as food goes in Phoenix. It reminded me of the south.
I'm from LA, and I LOVE Rosco's Chicken and Waffles. I was apprehensive about this place, based on high expectations, which I hold from Rosco's. However, Lolo's was THE JAM! 
The parking = easier and better and safer than Rosco's (any location) 
The wait = only 20 minutes on a Saturday morning at 10am. Rosco's would have been at least 45 minutes. 
The service = friendly and welcoming. They had no intention of rushing us out of there, even though there was a wait list at the host stand. I could tell that our server (Sarah, I think) wanted us to have a comfortable, relaxing meal. 
The food = Just as good as Rosco's (which means, superb!). I ordered the #10, which is two chicken legs and a waffle. The chicken was insanely buttery and moist, with perfect crispy crust. The waffle was short, flat, covered in butter, and accompanied by piping-hot syrup. That's exactly how I like it. 
I also asked our server for an order of her favorite side dish, and she brought me a side of collared greens, which were the best I've ever had. They were buttery, crisp, and somehow spicy. I asked one of the other employees how they got the spice, and he said it's crushed red pepper flakes, though he seemed unsure. Whatever it is, it's heaven. 
This place is worth a trip, and definitely worth the cost. 
Thank you Lolo's!
I've always thought Roscoe's was THE place to go for chicken and waffles... until I had Lo-Lo's.

The place is pretty small, but they are big on food. The first time i went, our portions were huge - good enough for two leftover meals. I learned on my second visit to not over do myself.

The chicken is well cooked - the meat is still juicy and moist on the inside, while the outside batter is fried to crispy perfection.

The side of mac and cheese was the best I've had in a while - it seemed to have sauteed onions with multiple types of cheese as the base.

The waffles were slightly disappointing and soggy on both of my visits - perhaps this is a personal preference though,
I really don't know how to rate Lolo's, because, frankly, this place killed me.  It was only temporary, but I was definitely dead, heart stopped, for a solid five or six seconds.  

Lolo's is serious eats.  So good, it was just painful.  Literally.  I really don't think I can return anytime soon.  I know it's for the best.

I'm nowhere near joking.
Lo-Lo's never disappoints!
yumtastic!! just don't forget your safety whistle and pepper spray! ....even during the day....
Oh. My. God.

How have I never been to Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles after 8 years in the Valley? Shame on all of my friends for waiting so long to take me to this hidden gem!!

Think fried chicken with your breakfast of waffles, eggs, and cheese grits sounds gross?  Well you have never been more wrong my friend!

I don't quite know how, but it was oh so right.  And I am not a big meat with my eggs fan (i.e. steak and eggs) fan in general so no one was more surprised than me when I was left craving some more of that delicious fried perfection after Brad E was kind enough to share some of his with me.

The waffles are dusted with cinnamon and melt in your mouth.  The cheese grits are wonderfully authentic to a southern girl such as myself, and let's be honest, who in their right mind would ever complain about a freakin' Mason Jar filled to the brim with delicious kool-aid.

I ordered WAY too much food for myself (shocker) so I didn't even get to sample the mac and cheese, corn, and other incredibly enticing side dishes that were scattered about my table.

Yes, the place is kind of cramped and you'll wait longer than you want for your food, but deal with it, you'll be thrilled you did.
I have been wanting to try Lo-Lo's for a while now and let me tell you this place did not disappoint. There are so many great reviews I don't have much to add. 

Here's what I loved:
I saw Shaq walking out when I was coming in
They serve Kool Aid and strong a$$ ice tea in mason jars
The fried chicken must have crack in it - so juicy and delicious, you know it's bad for you but you keep coming back.. Just one more hit 
Fried okra rocks
Waffles are slightly sweet and cinnamony and who woulda thought to throw some fried chicken on top!

This is not the sort of joint to frequent if you care at all about your waistline, but when you want to indulge go to Lo-Lo's, get the fried chicken on a waffle and try not to go in to a coma before you leave.
This place is ridiculously good, i dont think i could find a flaw in its food quality if i tired. The waffles are crispy on the outside and fluffy inside. The fried chicken was perfect with crispy skin and no uncooked fatty parts as i normally see with other places and it also had a delicious seasoning, the meat was also good being tender and juicy. They get creative points with kool aid too and this aint no bitch kool aid we mad as kids this is great kool-aid that somehow keeps it flavor even with melting ice in it. i cant wait to go back its great kinda like hot sex on a plate.
Waffles were good.  Chicken was good but not as good as at the sister restaurant, Mrs. White's.  Service wasn't very good.  Great cultural experience.
It's easy to like the things that everybody else likes. 
It's human nature to want to be loved and to want to be accepted. 
Deep in our DNA, we are still pack animals (as in "a scrum of rugby's", as opposed to pack animals as in "pack all that crap on that animals back and let's go").
My sense of needing to belong was what brought me to Lolo's Chicken and Waffles a few years ago, and my sense of "I haven't had a decent chicken and waffles fix for a while" brought me back today!
You won't see me wax rhapsodic over the flavor and lightness of the perfectly crusty and delectable fried chicken...I won't fawn over whoever is in the kitchen turning out delicious waffle after delicious waffle.
I can't sit here all afternoon and go on and on about the many delectable sides like the buttery and cheesy grits, the melt in your mouth fried okra, and the gallons and gallons of sweet tea or homemade lemonade that you can consume with your lunch at Lolo's.
It's not the interesting menu items like fried gizzards, and fish and grits, that you just can't get other places that stir my soul.
I'm not moved to hyperbole (pronounced "high-per-bowl":) by the blending of sweet maple syrup, buttered waffles and savory fried chicken on the plate.
I am not reduced to tears by some of the best red velvet cake to come out of an oven in the greater Phoenix Area.
No, it's the people at Lolo's that make me go back, and the sense of belonging and of being one of the Lolo's "pack"...that and some of the best fried chicken, waffles, grits and cake that you will ever eat.
Go to Lolo's...you're family, you should drop by once in a while:)
I love going to Lo-Lo's.  It's unique and clever, the food is terrific, and the wait is reasonable - standard breakfast waiting.  The whole concept of Chicken with Waffles appeals to me on so many levels. It's a great place to take visitors and family members who have never been there.  It leaves a smile on your face for the whole day!
I had to travel all the way to Phoenix for some good fried chicken!!  After a super hot day of walking through the Botanical Gardens, the only thing that got me through was thinking about checking out Lo-Lo's and the let me tell you that they didn't disappoint!  The place was packed at 5pm but we luckily got in super fast.  Our table tried a little bit of everything.  The Chicken and Waffles, Fried Catfish, Fried Redfish, Collard Greens, and the Gizzards.  Let me start with my favorite, the fried chicken.  Delicious!!  Perfectly seasoned and crispy.  It's hard to find a place where they put the right seasonings in the fried chicken, but Lo-Lo's got it just right.   A great balance of seasoning to give the chicken some zing and super crispy.  The catfish was great, with a similar seasoning.  Nice big filets and not greasy at all, same goes for the redfish.  The redfish was like a southern version of fish and chips.  I'm not a fan of gizzards, but Lo-Lo's got it right so that they were tender instead of rubbery and how can it fail smothered with gravy?  Let's also not forget the waffle, damn that thing was good, with some cinnamon or something in the batter so that it was just a good without the syrup.  

I'm also an unsweetened tea kind of girl now, but Lo-Lo's brought back memories with their sweetened tea in big mason jars, just perfect.

The service was great as well.  Enjoy the ambiance b/c it was authentic and the people that waited on us were awesome.

I'll be making Lo-Lo's a permanent stop on all my trips back to Phoenix!!
Convention day started off with a bang with a super cool workshop from 10-5 today followed up by a run to Lo-Lo's.  Now, this place is located opposite someplace with barbed wire on the fence and adjacent to some pretty decrepit looking buildings.  The waitress told us to sit anywhere and we located a mini-room with an open table.

I ordered the BABY RAY (3 pcs of chicken (I chose leg, thigh, and wing) smothered in gravy and onions).  First off, the pieces were just massive.  I mean large, but incredibly juicy and tasty.  The gravy was good, as were the waffles.

I also shared the CHICKEN GIZZARDS & RICE served smothered in onions and gravy.  I didn't care for this too much as both deep frying this thing and smothering it in gravy were just a bit on the much side.  The CANDY SWEETS (yams) were just okay as well.  I washed it all down with some fine 1/2 sweet tea and 1/2 lemonade.

Overall, I like the fried chicken and gravy in my neighborhood better (see Moe's Chicken & Waffles in Fontana, CA), but I don't think you'll be disappointed by Lo-Lo's.  As far as a need to eat in this area, I think FEZ wins this bout.
I'm pullin' an Al Bundy on the couch after dining at LoLo's.  You know - he sits on the couch, slouched with his hand down the front of his pants to give more room to his gut.  That's me right now, only with WAY better hair.
Had the #10.  Because I'm a 10, get it?  Two chicken legs with a waffle.  I went with Julia T., Jason W., Nathan S., Amanda B., and David SB tonight.  We all ordered different sides so we could share.  Our end of the table shared the collard greens , mac and cheese and candied sweet potatoes.
The platter of chicken and waffles arrived.  You should see the scoop of butter on the waffle!  A scoop!  Not a pat!  The chicken legs were perfectly done - moist, not greasy, with an awesome coating that wasn't too much.  The waffle was perfectly crisp on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside.  I'm glad it came with syrup, not maple syrup.  I detest maple anything.  I lived in New England too long.
Nathan leaned over and suggested we pretend we were making an Ice Cube movie, Babershop-style, and pick an actor to play each of us.  I was Angela Bassett, of course.  
Collard green were yummy!  Not over-cooked, with hunks of the stems thrown in.  The sweet potatoes were pretty sweet, but not overly so.  Mac and cheese?  Yes, please! (that rhymed!)  And the tea.  Ohhhhhh the tea.  I got the half and half sweet.  I figured there was enough sugar in my meal that I didn't want to bounce off the walls and crash like a 4-year old after Halloween.  I had two huge glasses - actually, jars.  It's served in Kerr canning jars.  The big ones.  It was so good (How good was it???) that as I got up from my corner seat and walked around to leave, I reached over to take one last huge swig.  
I'm full.  Not Thanksgiving-dinner full, but properly sated after a meal at LoLo's.  
The company rocked and I couldn't have asked for a more pleasant dinner crowd!  
(p.s. We pegged Whoopie to play Julia.  Ha!)
I have a one track mind, 
I can't be saved, Lo-Lo's is all I crave

I know I have to face it -- I'm addicted to Lo-Lo's

From the crispy fried chicken, the waffles that melt in your mouth, the attentive service with a warm welcoming smile. 

I just can't get enough.
I know I have to face it -- I'm addicted to Lo-Lo's
*yay!* this is my 200th review!!!!

Ok, so I wanted to do something special for my 200th review, so I took myself to LoLo's chicken and waffles for lunch today.  I had really high expectations, but left kind of feeling a little let down.  

I got there, and sitting outside the front door was some girl who I guess was the hostess.  She asked me how many and I told her it was just me. I felt kind of awkward.  She showed me inside and asked if I wanted to sit at this crammed little bar facing basically a freaking wall.  I asked to be seated somewhere else, as it was really uncomfortable to sit there.  

So, she sat me in another room near the kitchen area.  Did this place used to be a house or something?  It had to have been.  It feels like theres a zillon different little rooms with tables.  

Anyways, so I finally got sat at a real table.  Mazel Tov.   A girl took my drink order, but the service was slow to order. I waited and waited and finally a server came and took my order. I went for the 2 chicken legs and a waffle.  Service actually kinda sucked, but I'm willing to let it go.  I won't hold it against them since everyone seems to like it so much.

So, they bring out my food.  I guess it was okay, but not the greatest food Ive sunk my teeth into. I surprisingly was full when I finished.  the chicken was good, but I think the waffles is what got me.  It came with a nice amount of butter, which I smeared all over the waffle, and then drowned it in syrup. I liked it!  Thier butter really made a difference.

While I was eating, I was happy to see 2 autographs of the Harlem Globetrotters players on the wall, both of which I obviously know.  Impressive!

Needless to say, I guess I was expecting more.  Service was spotty, unimpressive, and actually kind of sucked.  Food was decent, but not earth shattering.  I will probably return, but probably not for some time.
Awesome!  If you haven't tried it, you have to; that's all I'm going to say.   I really want to go back again.
It was everything i dreamed it would be: greasy, fatty, salty, sweet, syrupy, buttery - delicious. 

It's worth the hype. 

I ate it all and regret nothing.

Well done, Lolo's.
Hit Lo-Lo's again recently and it did not disappoint.

I definitely think this is the best fried chicken that I've ever had. Also quite enjoy the excellent waffles with it. While I'd heard of the pairing, I'd never tried it prior to going to Lo-Lo's. Just works for me. 

I also ended up with 3 mason jars of Kool-Aid, which I love. As the Mrs. and her visiting friend are from Australia, they are not familiar with Kool-Aid. When it came out they said "red cordial"! Me not being familiar with this red cordial didn't know what that meant. I guess in Australia red cordial has a bad rep for inducing hyperactivity. Of course there is the sugar but then they also think the red food coloring contributes. Since we really did not need our 4 year old and 2 year old more hyper, I ended up with theirs as well. Fine with me. I will admit that I did not finish all 3. Those mason jars are huge!

The rest of the group, kids included, also love their meal.

Among us we had several different pieces of chicken (breast, thigh, wing), waffles, grits, collard greens and mac & cheese. Pretty much everything was a hit. The ladies absolutely loved the collard greens and we put away about 3 orders among the 5 of us. The mac & cheese (a JW recommendation) was also a very big hit. We also modified our grits order to no butter (not sure if that is sacrilege) and while I don't know if my mouth enjoyed it quite as much, I didn't feel like I was going to die from richness as I'd felt after the previous visit.

The staff was super nice as always and we also love the atmosphere in there. Especially liked seeing the Shaq signature on the ceiling in the room with the counter.

Ready to go back!
OM Heavenly G!!!  Who knew fried chicken and waffles went so well together!!!  My daughter was in heaven!!  She loved her chicken and she doesn't eat much meat at all but the crispy fried chicken had her knawing on the bone.  I ate my entire plate and so did my daughter.  And she has been asking to go back ever since.  And the sweet tea....YUM!!  It was just right, not overly sweet.  I don't know that a place like this exists anywhere in the Northern CA/Bay Area but someone should open one!  For now this is one reason I'm glad I live in Phoenix.....I will be a frequent customer.  

The inside feels like you walked into someone's house and I never would have known it was there since it's in a non descript part of town...kind of industrial.  We got there pretty early and by the time we left, the place was packed!  

I have been craving this chicken since we went there...I know we will be back!!!  And often!
So excited to try Lolo's, I went in looking to get the full soul food/chicken and waffle expereince and I knew I had to head to tha' "hood" to get it.  
This location is a small house that has tables in the various rooms, the space is a little tight but home-y.   Once I ordered I had my food within minutes!  I had the red Kool-Aid served in a large mason jar. I wanted to have the full Lolo's experience so I ordered a side of mac n cheese and collard greens to compliment my waffle and chicken. Oh boy was I pleased. The waffle is light and flavorful with just a hint of cinnamon. I make sure to get a bite with waffle and chicken, syrup covered and a dash of hot sauce. YUMMM!!! 
I can't wait to go again and I recommend it to all my friends!!
Lo-Lo's is a No-No! 

I read all these great reviews, my mouth was watering and saved my appetite.  I was REALLY disappointed.  We arrived there at 12:00pm on a Tuesday afternoon.

Items we ordered

*2 chicken wings w/waffle
*2 drumsticks w/red beans and rice
*fried okra
*greens
*red velvet cake
*1/2 tea and 1/2 sweet tea

Oh the chicken.....................not crispy and NO flavor!!  Like another reviewer said, "my mom makes better fried chicken"  - I couldn't agree with her more!  I was thinking about Popeye's chicken while eating this one.  Missing the crispiness and flavors.

The waffle was very good.  Had a hint of cinnamon.

Red beans and rice tasted like it someone opened a can of baked or chili beans and poured it over rice.  Popeye has won over this one too.

Thank goodness for the greens!!  They were tender and DELISH!!!!  But is it worth driving there to get greens.... i dunno...

The coating on the fried okra was hard.

Oh Noooo..... the red velvet cake was the WORST!!!  If there is Red Velvet cake at an establishment, I'll always try it.  I was sooooo disappointed with this one. I only took two bites and had to push it away.  It was too dense and it tasted like there was tons of oil in it.  The cake didn't have flavor, just red.  The frosting was waaay too sweet.  Try Tammie Coe's instead.   

I grew up on Southern food and this place was not tasty at all. 

The service was friendly, but slow.

One star is for the greens 
One star for the waffle
I have always heard about Roscoe's in southern California as being the best chicken & waffles ever, but I've never tried it, so I don't know how Lo-Lo's compares to it. But I loved Lo-Lo's, not just for the food, but for the whole experience. The restaurant looks like a house, drinks are served in giant mason jars, and service is very casual, very chill, yet extremely hospitable. 

Now to the food. Juicy chicken, thick and flavorful gravy, cheesy mac & cheese, tasty okra, very yummy collard greens, and a homemade-tasting waffle. My boyfriend and I each got the soul food platter. I ordered the chicken fried, while he ordered his chicken smothered in onions and gravy, and what I mentioned previously were the sides we ordered. Delicious!! Great comfort food that made me want to sink into my chair in complete happiness. 

I'm not a big fan of Phoenix as a city, but if I return to Phoenix for some reason, Lo-Lo's is a must go-to.
I feel no guilt at all eating chicken, waffles, and mac & cheese from Lo-Lo's because their food is worth what has to be a ridiculously high caloric intake. The waffles are hands down the best I have had in the Valley. My mother will also be excited to know I will even eat the okra at Lo-Lo's (it's fried). Their sweet tea is also amazing, and everytime I go I wish I had a brought a jug with me so I could have them fill it up and take it home.

Improvements they have made over the last few years include an additional add-on to the restaurant (a converted house) for more seating, as well as some signage off of Central so you don't miss the turn onto Yuma Street. 

For first timers concerned about the neighborhood and/or what some believe to be the strange combination of chicken & waffles -- JUST GO. I have been to Lo-Lo's at lunchtime as well as late at night and never had an issue. To the chicken & waffle non-believers - try it once and you will get it.
Props to Flow Rida:

Jim W had the Fried Chicken [Chicken]
Cornbread on the side [On the Side]
The whole plate was lookin at me
I  hit the food  [He hit the food]
Next thing you know
Jim W gonna be back to  lo-lo lo-lo lo-lo lo-lo 

Them plates full of food
And the Waffles with the syrup [With the syrup]
I turned around and gave that big helping a go [Hey!]
I hit the food [He hit the food]
Next thing you know
Jimmy ate at lo-lo lo-lo lo-lo lo-lo  

I ain't never ate nuthin that made me say Yo,
this crazy good food for not a lot of dough
Might have a million calories but that's alright ya' know,
Them waffle cakes, they win place and show
So tasty, it was consumable
Professional, flavor incredible
 
Awesome fried chicken [Chicken]
Sides I must concur [Must Concur]
This food could give the food scene a stir
I  hit the food  [He hit the food]
Next thing you know
Jim W gonna be back to  lo-lo lo-lo lo-lo lo-lo
I live in Cali so my loyalty is to Roscoe's, but I must admit that Lo-Lo's is just as good.  The service was absolutly wonderful, so that made my dining experience even better.  LOVED the sweet tea - it was perfect! The greens were phenomenal and that waffle...OMG!  I can't wait to get back to Phoenix just to get another piece of the red velvet cake!
"Jews and Catholics are the only people with soul" according to a friend.  Since I can't alter my birth or upbringing at this late date, perhaps I could buy some soul, become a whole person... the friendly folks at Lo-Lo's were quick to help me try.  Sorry, it doesn't work that way - I could buy happiness in the form of a tender waffle and tasty smothered chicken, but only my belly felt appreciably fuller, not my teeny heart.  My shallow thoughts were of how the waffle beat Roscoe's, but not the plumb but plainly seasoned & fried breast.  I wasn't moved to any emotion deeper than my jelly jar of beautiful red luscious Kool Aid/punch.
Took my father to Lo-Lo's for Father's Day.  Got there at 9:50 for the 10am opening, had 3 friends show up a few minutes later and we all got seated together.  Got coffee and tea and talked so much that it didn't bother us that the service takes a while.  But worth the wait!!  My 7 year and her 8 year old friend inhaled their chicken and waffles!  My dad got got the catfish and grits and I wished I'd watched 'cause he may have licked his bowl.  One of my friends had the salmon cakes and I had a chicken breast, waffle and grits - but after eating the waffle and grits I took the chicken home.  Ah, the best fried chicken EVER as dinner...a good treat!
The first place in two weeks where I've felt welcome in Phoenix! 

My boyfriend finally came to visit, and after my two trying weeks of lectures and starting student-teaching, I wanted a treat, even though I had just caught a cold from one of my students. We had been back-and-forth yelping, and Lo-Lo's was something we knew we definitely had to try.... but we had no idea how to get there from ASU in Tempe. After trying for half an hour to use the Valley Metro Trip Planner (which gets a NEGATIVE 4 stars for being completely unintuitive and impossible!), we called Lo-Lo's and were immediately giving light rail and bus directions. 

After probably an hour and a half, during which we are getting hungrier and hungrier, and all our conversation is redirecting to fried chicken, we walk in the door and are immediately welcomed and told to sit whereever we like. We grab a table, and are offered drinks. I got a re-fillable jar of some of the best sweet tea I've ever had (although walking three blocks in 100 degree weather may have biased that opinion sometime), and we also got two ice waters to rehydrate. We looked at the menu and immediately knew what we wanted. I ordered the soul food platter, 3 pieces of fried chicken, cornbread, and sides of mac n'cheese and collard greens. Daniel ordered the Lil' Amadi, which was 1 leg and 1 thigh with a waffle, and a side of red beans (no rice). 

Okay. So. I don't like waffles. I'm used the Belgian waffles, which are way too huge and fill me up with bread taste and make me feel bloated. Lo-Lo's waffle blew me away; it literally was like buttery, slightly mealy, air. I kept stealing bites until I basically ate the whole thing, drenched in maple syrup and fluffy whipped butter. The red beans and collard greens were incredible! We both agreed that they were our favorites of the whole meal (two former vegans... haha): the beans had a touch of sweetness, simultaneously savory and tender. The collards had basically no bitterness at all, but weren't super salty. They were tender and cut into small slices that perfectly combined into a side-appropritate mouthfull. The mac n'cheese was pretty good but I didn't really focus on its taste. The chicken! Oh my god. I've never had breast meat that was still juicy. Incredible texture, the tenderness of the meat and the crispness of the skin juxtaposed. This place definitely blows Roscoe's out, and as a native LA-er, I'm sorry to say it. 

The price is really great, less than 30 altogether, and we left a large tip because the service was so great! We felt so welcomed by the staff, and we could tell that they were having a chill time as well, singing along to Justin Timberlake in the next room. The only downside (not on their end) was that because of my slight cold, I couldn't taste all the flavors as well as I could have otherwise; that's the only reason this isn't getting a 5, and I can see myself changing that... I also cursed myself for forgetting my camera. I guess that means that I'll have to make another trip out there before I'm out of this desert.
I've been waiting forever to try chicken and waffles and I'm so glad Lo-Lo's was the spot to pop my chicken and waffles cherry. 

It's a humble restaurant in the middle of nowhere, which, had it not been for the huge text sprawled on the side of a building, we would have never noticed the tiny entrance. 

I came here with my girlfriend while visiting her at institute and this was one of the highest reviewed restaurants in the area so we thought it would be a good idea to give it a try. 

The staff is extremely welcoming and helpful. They took the time to help us find a way to the restaurant using public transportation(we were coming from ASU so we had to use both the light rail and bus system) when the trip planner had failed us miserably and would otherwise have left us stranded in 100 degree weather. 

The space is very cozy and the table and chairs are very much something laypeople could own(wood - painted, none of that hyper-modern furniture here). It's not a super big restaurant so I imagine they could get packed very easily during peak business hours. 

The food here is absolutely amazing. I got to try a few dishes:

1. Lil' Amadi(waffle plus leg and thigh of chicken) - This is the best fried chicken I've ever had. The skin was not soggy at all and had a very nice crisp/crunch to eat. The skin was not rubbery at all and gave away easily with a little resistance(which is nice, because super flaky skin is never good and a teeny bit of resistance keeps the skin together on the chicken). The skin to meat ratio was also good - in other words, I didn't feel like I was either eating nothing but skin or that they were being skimpy with the skin. The meat was extremely juicy and my girlfriend let me try some of her white meat and it is one of the few times(other than in Pho) that I've had white meat that is juicy. The waffle was also one of the best waffles I've ever had and I usually hate waffles. The waffle here was on the thinner side and had great texture. It was slightly crispy on the outside while maintaining a very moist inside - great texture combination. Also, the waffle wasn't soggy. This is key because I usually hate Belgian waffles because they're too thick, cakey, and tend to get soggy in the middle and are just plain gross. They give you a healthy dose of butter and syrup which made eating the chicken and waffles much more enjoyable.

Soul Food Platter - My girlfriend and I basically ordered two dishes and tried eachother's dishes. The soul food platter allows you to choose between chicken or fish and a choice of two side dishes and corn bread. My girlfriend got chicken(three-ish pieces - sometimes I don't consider the chicken wing a full piece because of the higher bone to meat ratio than other parts of the chicken), collard greens, and mac-n-cheese. The collard greens were delicious! They weren't too salty like some of the other times I've tried them. They were also cooked just right - not too soft due to overcooking but not too hard due to undercooking. The leaves were soft and the stalk gave more solid texture to juxtapose with the leaves(but not saying that the stalk was hard - it wasn't - just more firm than the leaves). The mac-n-cheese was okay. I've definitely had better. To me, it was a slightly more gourmet version of the Kraft's mac-n-cheese. The corn bread was also just okay. It was on the more dry side and I ended up having to dip the corn bread in sauce because my salivary glands were running low on lubricant. 

Red Beans - These were delicious! My girlfriend thinks they cooked them with ham to give it a slightly smokey, salty taste and I think I agree. They're not too sweet which I definitely find to be a characteristic of cheap red beans. Lo-Lo's makes an effort to actually make their red beans savory and it's very evident. The sauce goes great with the cornbread as extra lubricant. 

In regards to side dishes I recommend getting the collard greens and red beans. 

Sweet Tea - My girlfriend says that iced tea is usually lackluster because it's just like drinking tea - except cold and that the defining factor to sweet tea is that it's sweet and refreshing - something cold drinks should be. I agree. The sweet tea here was divine and a perfect beverage to our meal and great to have when the weather outside was 100 degrees. Another big plus is that there were unlimited refills! It's served in a huge jar and we easily went through two of them. Amazing. 

One regret I have is not trying the red velvet cake. 

The food here is decently priced. It came out to roughly $27 for the both of us and we left extremely full and happy. 

The reason why I hesitate giving Lo-Lo's five stars is because I'm not a veteran chicken and waffles eater, but rather, a recently deflowered chicken and waffles novice. Until I've had more chicken and waffles to compare to, I will hold off the five stars and just give four stars for now. 

I definitely recommend this place to anyone in town!
I went today for lunch with my husband and really enjoyed everything!!

What we had: 

fried chicken- this was the best I have ever had..it was juicy and flavorful and the skin crispy and delicious

fired catfish: The Best!! wonderful flavor and perfectly cooked

beans over rice- tasted just like homemade, it was really good, did need a little salt though

mac-n-cheese- yummy..not the best I have had, but still good

cornbread- absolutely perfect and buttery

sweet tea- this was the best part of the meal and they gave us a to go cup so we could take it with us

SERVICE- very welcoming from the time we opened the door until the time we left...they all seem to work together and we were very well taken care of

Thank you Lo Lo's !!!!
:
Yummy chicken and to-die-for waffles with all that buttery goodness. I had gone there with a few colleagues for lunch and though it took them time to seat us and we could not sit together the food more than made up for it.
Well I finally ventured to the south side to try out Lo Lo's. Let me start by saying it ain't Roscoe's. I still prefer Roscoe's fried chicken. I think this is a better to go spot than a dine in. The restaurant is very cramped if you are claustrophobic don't dine in, this place is smaller than Matt's BB! I mean you gotta go outside to change your mind. I had to take off a star for the cramped quarters. 

Then I had to take off another star because it was hotter than hell in there! I was sweating like a sinner in church! Did they even have air? That is not cool literally! I like that they use mason jars to serve the drinks. But they were even sweating before the drinks got to the table that's how hot it was! 

The staff was very friendly but we had 6 different people come to our table?? We didn't know who our server was. One person came and took a drink order another person delivered it. Then a third person asked if we were ready to order. Then a fourth asked for our order we gave it. Then we had a 5th person who brought the food, and a 6th that we paid the bill with?? What the hell was that about we didn't know who to tip. We also had to sit for what seemed like an eternity on the sun to get our bill paid. For as small as Lo Lo's is they have to many people running around there not a very good use of funds if you ask me. They have about a dozen tables there and I counted 9 people working the floor. That's crazy. 

Now on to the food, I order fried chicken, smothered potatoes, and buttered corn. I had to laugh when a girl across the room wanted to order grilled chicken and asked what are the potatoes smothered with. This is southern cooking, soul food. It is smothered in gravy! Duh. I thought the chicken was very good and large pieces too. The smothered potatoes were very good just needed a little salt. The buttered corn was right on point. 

My friend got the catfish and chips. The catfish was good I still prefer Honey Bears Cat! The fries were good too! 

All in all I think Lo Lo's is A-ok, It would rate better if the restaurant was set up differently and they would use the air conditioner!
Wasn't really what I expected, eating at Lo-Lo's. But, I should share that I am not a huge fan of fried chicken to begin with. That said, I can now cross "Eat at Lo-Lo's" off my "things to do at least once" list. 

Dottsy described the chicken perfectly. It was not greasy nor soggy. I did not find it especially flavorful but did pick up on the baking soda. 

I was expecting a much denser waffle but found it to be thin and limp. 

The mac and cheese was super creamy and had hints of cream of mushroom soup. 

Nothing was really memorable for me, except the collard greens. For some reason, that's the flavor that remains most vivid. They had a delicious healthy greens flavor with a nice chili flake kick. 

So, Lo-Lo's didn't knock my socks off but Lo-Lo's isn't really for me. It's for people who love fried chicken... so, if that's you, I suggest you not miss this place! You'll probably really like it!!
In Short: Gravy smothered awesomeness!!!

I didn't have my expectations very high once I walked in, didn't really look like a restaurant but I've heard so many good things from my friends, so had a seat.  Menu is great, there's the usual deep fried culprits and some extras.  Me and my friend went for the 3 piece chicken, I opted for the gravy smothered version.  I was blown away by the taste.  The fried chicken is very crispy, but in the inside its very moist.  Nice blend of spices all around, complements the chicken perfectly.  I'm not a big waffles fan but how could you not love that big dollop of butter siting on top.  The gravy was very delicious, and  the onions were a nice touch.  I washed all this goodness down with their signature sweet tea.  Afterward I went went home and had a nap, let's just say I was very satisfied.
OMG! who'da thunk that home cooking could be made for the masses day in and day out. this place had rib sticking food and the best lemonade i've had in a while, it was drank in a jar! we arrived about 12:45pm and saw a line outside, when we almost turned away. it wasn't until my friend Dirty Red pointed out all the caucassians standing off yuma and central in the hood, during the hottest part of the day that made me realize this must be a gold spot!

well damn Dirty Red was right! i had the Betty Boop, mac n' cheese and cornbread. my sister the BB too, but with string beans and potatoes (they tasted like they were in a pork broth very tasty). Dirty Red had the biggest meal on the menu and lucky for us, he shared his homestyle potatoes & beans and rice. 

the chicken was so moist, while fried to perfection! the waffle was thin with buckwheat (i think) and cinnamon. i'm not usually a waffle fan, but this waffle was amazing. the mac n' cheese was so yummy i literally cleaned my plate (my only complaint was the small serving-but i'm sure they knew it was just the right amount) the homefries were great, fried to a perfect golden brown with perfectly soft potatoes on the inside, they melted in my mouth. 

our only  complaint was the bad service (which i really think is only part of the overall dining experience) we were served our drinks at sporadic times, presented with our food and no utensils (i got up to request some, and 5 minutes later Dirty Red had to get up to request some). but ya know what, it wasn't enought to taint my meal...i just picked up my plump chicken breast and went to town, the waffle had to wait. 

overall the food is well worth the wait, drive or whatever your obstacle. its the best fried chicken i've had...well..... ever!! go to lolo's you wont regret it!

but first you must find the door, it's off yuma by the misters. 

WARNING: i went home and crashed the F'out after eating here, so be prepared.
Alright, I have been away from Yelp for quite some time, and I feel that this place is fitting to be my comeback review...

Chicken and Waffles.  Yes, chicken and M'Fin waffles.  

In the ghetto?  Check
Has sweet tea?  Check
Has no-nonsense, quick service?  Check
Ridiculously long wait?  Check
Best thing that I have eaten in the last year?  Check

I have to say, not the best fried chicken I have ever had, but pretty damn good- it could use more seasoning.  Now the waffles, probably the best ever...  The waffles are deliciously soft inside, a little crispy out with a wonderful cinammoness to them.  The seating is cramped, but it doesn't matter as soon as your food is delivered your table goes quiet, you get tunnel vision and after the first bite you are taken away to an orgy of goodness.

If you are in Phoenix, this is a requirement.  Come real early or be prepared to wait.  Don't forget to order the Red Velvet cake and they have Kool-Aid if that fits your fancy.  Even after I came home from Arizona, I couldn't stop talking about LoLo's for like 2 weeks.  Shoot, two months later and I am still drooling thinking about it...
I LOVE LO-LO's.
A hole in the wall in South Phoenix.... 

I order: The "Betty Boop" - a plate with 1 waffle and 1 fried chicken breast.  Add a huge mason jar of the sweetest & reddest Koolaid (or Sweet Tea - depending on my mood) and a side of grits drowning in melted butter and I'm a happy girl.

Their Red Velvet Cake is also amazing. 

I know fried chicken and waffles seem like an odd combination but it's really interesting and satisfying - with the syrup and hot sauce for the chicken.... Yum Yum.  

It's one of my family's favorites!!!  

TRY IT!!!!
Yes, your heart will hate you for the next few months, and you may not be able to come back here for a while out of fear of having a coronary, but this place is amazing!  Mmmm...fried chicken, waffles, mac and cheese, red velvet cake, and the Kool-Aid in the mason jar.  Far better than Roscoes!  And if you're lucky you'll spot a few Cardinals players.  I've seen some DE from the Cardinals when I was down here.
Lolo's is my dirtiest secret. Well, it's one of 'em anyway. I don't care where I live in AZ, all roads lead to this joint. I'll admit, on my first trip, I was scared. Scared I wouldn't find the joint. Scared I'd park illegally in the non-lot. Scared I wouldn't get a seat. And finally, scared of what fried chicken with gravy and onions would actually taste like.

None of my fears were warranted. There's ample street parking at Lolo's. If you have to hoof it a little to get there, you'll appreciate the walk back to the car. And you'll need it to burn off a fraction of what you've just put down. At peak times, things get a little hectic inside. There's not much of a waiting space but the Lolo's staff is friendly and helpful, they'll get your butt in a seat as quickly as they can. They'll also guide you toward places to stand where you won't be a hazard to the heavy trafficking of chicken, collared greens, mac and cheese and, of course, waffles going on. 

Once you're seated, eat it all. 

Seriously though, there's a Lolo's platter for everyone and plenty of sides. Service is friendly and efficient without be hurried or quick. That said, this place is all about the food. It's my favorite place to take out-of-town guests. In short, Lolo's is the type of place that Phoenix can be proud of.
Delicious Delicious Delicious

LoLo's will satisfy your craving for southern cooking for the change in your pocket. The option to have all white meat is there although when you come to a place like LoLo's go all the way. The staff is nice and welcoming. Tip Tip Tip the wait staff some of them wait on a lil stool outside in the heat to greet people

#5 is what I ordered and it was great!
I cannot begin to say how much I loved my first trip to Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles...  there was so much on the menu I can't wait for my next visit.  I totally recommend  it.  Love the ice tea!!! The Waffles melt in your mouth.  And the Chicken was soooooooooooo good!
There are so many dimensions on which LoLo's deserves 5 stars. Let me count the ways in which I love you, LoLo:

1. Sweet tea, best this side of Mississippi. 'Nuff said. Serving in giant mason jars, now that's just gilding the lilly.
2. Top rate fried chicken.
3. Delicious, golden brown waffles with  a touch of cinnamon and enough butter to qualify you for a free coronary stent if you bring your receipt from breakfast to any local hospital.
4. Real grits. Cheese optional (highly recommended). Also served with an obscene amount of butter.
5. Fried okra, red velvet cake, Kool Aid (also in ginormous mason jars), the list goes on

This place oozes character, charm, incredible food, not to mention half melted butter that seems to find it's way onto anything and everything on your plate (and really what isn't made better with melted butter?).

LoLo's also serves as an excellent litmus test to see if that new guy/gal you've been seeing are going to work out in the long run. Anyone who can plow through a number 1 is A-OK in my book.
Lo-Lo's is rigoddamndiculous. If you don't like this place there is something absolutely wrong with you.

Came here for #smunch this past Saturday morning with some of Phoenix' finest ... and I am positive no one was disappointed.. I got the Betty Boop which consisted of a juicy breast of chicken and a large, butter soaked waffle with hints of cinnamon.. when I say butter soaked, I am not even exaggerating. Delicious! Being the fat kid that I am, I also ordered a side of smothered potatoes, ie: roasted taters drenched in their homemade gravy. FYES! FTW! I also got Kool-aid. In a mason jar. Why did I ever stop drinking the stuff? I don't know. Memories of childhood immediately flooded my mind along with a 5 hour long sugar high. I probably gained 5 pounds, but whatever.. This food takes you into instant Utopia, followed by an instant food coma. I think we had about 5 different servers as well, but how can you complain about that? They were on top of their game!

Do not come here if you are trying to eat healthy or have issues with cholesterol and/or get annoyed with really loud drunk/hungover people (depending on the time of day you come, sometimes they're open till 3am). Oh, and don't even worry about the location, safe no, sketch yes, worth it, absolutely. 

AmazingaZING!
I'm originally from the deep south so when I moved away, I started missing the soul foods.  I really was excited when I found this place on yelp so without hesitation, I went.  When I got there, it was pretty obvious that it wasn't the best part of the town but because of the location, it gave more authentic feel to the restaurant with wooden boards and steel bars blocking some of the windows.  

When you go in, the lady at the back counter will greet you and unless you know what you want, you have to ask for a menu.  Everyone is friendly and seemed like there were a lot of regulars who even knew the waitress's names.  I tried the LoLo's famous soulfood platter for $13.  I did not read the fine print so I ended up not getting the famous chicken.

When I got my food, I was about to go outside and one of the southern gentleman came from the back just to open the door for me saying "have a nice day miss."  That was nice, I miss being treated as a lady.  The food was less than what I expected.  The fish was dry, waffle was more like a pancake and rice with gravy....I had better.  I even heard some guys complaining the price and quality of food outside when I was walking toward my car.  

*Food = ok I guess but I had better...*1 - 2 STARS* if this review was based solely on the food
*Service = ok
*Ambiance = *+1 STAR* the whole place is filled with the deep south feeling.  I'm definitely happier in the west coast but it is nice to be able to feel like home sometimes.
*Location = not the nicest part of the neighborhood but as long as you go during the day, it is very safe.
So its Saturday AM, and a group of folks are meeting for the month's SMUNCH gathering. The location doesn't thrill me, still I know better than to judge the look of the joint, still.. ok.. lets go eat.

The prices seem high $7 was my waffles 1 chicken leg (fried chicken..mm mm). I get a sweet tea, and I mean sweet tea, in a mason jar. That part was cool, reminded me of the Chuck Box, so no biggie in that respect, plus you can really get a lot of liquid into one of those...and they are easy to wash and maintain. That much I know from restaurant operations.

The food was good and I certainly was full till dinner, late dinner at that. On my way in a group of folks was leaving, the little girl got a bit ahead of everyone ..and the mom shouted out her to "stay with the family".. it was a cultural thing for me.. reminded of days in Georgia and other places where emphasis is placed on the family. 

Once inside I saw that same atmosphere, where it was definitely a family place, service was good, and the food came quick...and was yum. Maybe I just missed some good soul food. I wasn't brave enough for the greens and such..still had a great meal. 

Did I mention that the food was awesome...
This place is ridiculously good!  Came here with 3 of my foodie friends.  Of course, we had to try the chicken and waffles.  I've never actually eaten this combo before but I loved it!  The sweet tea was REALLY sweet, too sweet for me.  Ok, but the mac and cheese was the best I've ever eaten.  I would marry that mac and cheese if I could.  The four of us practically fought over the last bites of it.  We also had some other sides, including the beans and rice, corn bread, and the collard greens, all of which were good but....still no match for that mac and cheese!
soul food in the desert?....was in town for the 49er game & this was one spot i had to try before leaving....a couple of people recommended this spot while in az...for all u west coast folks that have been to roscoes down in so cal...this place is as good as it gets...better have an appetite cuz its hella fulfilling....had the fried chicken wit thick gravey...side of waffles...my cousin had the same order/no gravey wit eggs on the side...pricing is not an issue...i kno my cousin from az  will spread the word about this place to his homies....
Anyone with a history of heart related issues should NOT dine here!

I've been to a number of chicken/waffle houses, and Lolo's can hang with the best of them.  The fried chicken has a good balance between greasy and juicy, with seasoning that isn't overpowering.  The waffles were fairly standard, but it's hard to really jazz up a waffle.  Add an ice cream scoop's worth of butter and syrup and you are good to go.
The mac and cheese was good, but not spectacular.

This spot is a little hard to find as it is on a very unassuming side street, so keep your eyes peeled.
I have had chicken. I have had waffles. And now, I've had chicken AND waffles. 

Prior to today, I didn't realize the distinction. Prior to today, I never had cause to consider the combination. Prior to today, I didn't realize what I was missing.

Now let's be clear: this isn't the place for dieters. It's not a place for any pretentious behavior. The place has "Chicken & Waffles" in the name, OK? And that's what you're going to get. In abundance.

Cheap as hell. I had the #1, also known as KK's. Three huge-ass pieces of chicken -- breas, thigh and mutant leg. All battered and fried to perfection. Two waffles the size of Vermont. A bucket of grits with some egg/cheese/onion concoction on the side. OK, I could have done without the last part. But hey, when in a chicken & waffle place...

I'm still full. I won't eat dinner tonight. I crashed out for an hour in post-prandial bliss. And I'd have typed this review faster if I could have stopped sucking my fingers like a four-year-old.

Damn.
I'm vegetarian so I just had the waffles and eggs the first day we went... aside from the line and it taking 10 minutes to get our name on the list, the food was definitely worth the wait. A friend of mine and I were on a road trip, read the awesome reviews here and we were not disappointed! The next morning we CRAVED the waffles. We went back and filled our tummy's with more amazing noms. My friend that went with me recommends the chicken legs instead of the breasts though, she said the breasts were a little dry. Who knew this would actually go together?!?!?! We were amazed. AWESOME PLACE!! I'm driving threw there again in a few days and we are definitely going back!
I checked this restaurant out last year the last time I was working in Phoenix. I really wanted Chicken & Waffles for breakfast and the Clarendon Hotel I was staying at used to have this item on their menu. Since I had the craving for Chicken & Waffles the nice staff at the hotel recommended Lolo's Chicken & Waffles. I was not disappointed, the food was amazing, the service was attentive and friendly. The only thing I didn't like was the over one hour wait to get a table. After being seated in the restaurant I can see why seating is an issue, this place is a converted small house and the dining area is limited. The Fried Chicken & Waffles my friend and I had along with the cornbread, mac n cheeze and the Iced tea & Lemonade combo was off the hook. I will be in the Phoenix area again this weekend and since reviewing this restaurant here I noticed a new Lolo's location in Scottsdale which I will be hittin" up!
Never had chicken and waffles before, but I was definitely intrigued.  I saw a Throwdown episode on chicken and waffles.  I thought to myself I need to try that.  Lo-Lo's is a great place to try this interesting combination of food.  

I had the two piece dark meat with waffles and Kool-aid.  I couldn't finish it so I brought it home.  It was even yummy as a leftover.  Yummy in my tummy is how I'm going to leave it.  :P
Everything has been stated so far, it's a guilty pleasure and you leave fat and happy. I twittered that I couldn't move after eating there, and they actually wrote back to me, lol. The only thing that wasn't perfect was that my chicken breast was kind of dry. I know dark meat would probably be juicier so I will try that next time.
Before reading this review, you should know I'm from the deep South...I grew up on this kind of food, know how to cook it, and come from a long, long line of people who cook it.

Ok, having said that...I'll pay good money to know what their recipe is for the collard greens and the red beans...seriously.  I am ashamed to say (and PLEASE DON'T TELL MY GRANNIE!) that these are the best collard greens I've EVER had.  And, the red beans...wow...just wow.  What makes it even better is that they are made without meat!  ALL of the sides are VEGETARIAN.  no way, right?  They make the most awesome collard greens and red beans and they're all without any creepy pork bones floatin' around.

Now for the -1 star part...having grown up in the south, I can tell you that real cornbread does not have sugar in it, people.  I know all y'all yankees like it sweet, and that's fine, but it ain't real southern!  Their grits aren't the best...they cook them too long and they're all mushy (Harlow's or Waffle House has better).  And, having grown up w/catfish fries at least monthly as a child, I can definitely say the catfish batter needs more salt and seasoning...it's a bit bland...still edible though, and where else can you get fried catfish around here w/a side of greens??

The other thing that kinda bums me out is that sides are around 3-4 bucks each...making my habit of ordering from the side menu a pit pricey.  Too bad they don't have a "side plate" like other southern restaurants do (like Po'Folks)....

Still, four stars it is...I'm addicted to the greens and beans!  And for those of you with a need for your sweet tea fix (you know who you are), it's quite tasty here.

p.s. get there early...before 11 or beware of a long line!
Returned to Lo-Lo's downtown with some other friends who had never been.  My friend Trish makes her own soul food so I was curious what she would think.  The verdict:  we all agreed the chicken was great, the waffles, too, but the greens just don't match up to hers.  I had cheese grits for the first time and liked them a lot.  Also, took Trish's cue and ordered red cool-aid.  Loved it!  Never been a big fan before, but it just worked with the rest of the food.  It is served in big mason jars.  Lo- Lo's remains a fave of mine.
Love their chicken & waffles!!  We ate there for dinner one evening...  We could not get enough, came back the following week for lunch.  Just speaking of chicken & waffles, I need to make a visit again SOON!!
I definitely enjoyed Lo-Lo's, but I don't know if part of it wasn't just because of the novelty, and how much I wanted to like it. We went on a Sunday after church, and it was PACKED. We had a very long wait (which told us it must be pretty good!), but the kind people of Lo-Lo's were kind enough to provide us with a shade structure and mister-fan to combat some of that infamous Phoenix heat. They even had a water cooler with cold water for us to enjoy while we waited, so that we would not swoon from heat exhaustion.

The food was tasty, that's for sure. I ordered one piece of chicken breast and one waffle. Both items were DELICIOUS! Thank goodness Lo-Lo's knows how to make their namesake dishes, and make them well! I felt like my meal cost a little more than I would have hoped, for just a piece of chicken and a waffle. It's worth going there, though, for the experience.
As a first timer of the Southern Fried Chicken + Waffle combo, I must say, it's pretty darn good.  The crispy chicken skin was lightly battered and has some killer seasoning on it. Quite addictive. The waffle, while not impressive on its own, tasted really good with the hot syrup and balanced out the saltiness of the chicken.  

It's a good place to grab some economical comfort food right before the airport.
I love that places like this still exist. Although I think the fried chicken at Cracker Barrel is better, the waffles and service at this place make it 5 stars....
YES! 

Waffles were actually better than the chicken in my opinion. They were soft and had a nice cinnamon hint to them. I really enjoyed my meal.

There is a cool novelty factor at play, but the food speaks for itself, making this place legit.
The novelty of the place does impact it but it shouldn't be discounted. Phoenix doesn't have a lot of unique mom and pop restaurants so when you find one like Lo-Lo's that offers soul food in the valley, you should definitely check it out. 

The food itself was excellent. I've been to Gus' fried chicken in Memphis and the chicken here is just as good. The side dishes is what prevented this place from hitting 5 stars. While they were good, they were nothing special. I will come back here again.

One more thing, this place is safe. We went here on a Saturday night assuming the place would be full of questionable characters because the restaurant's location isn't in the best part of the city (Buckeye and Central) and at night on a Saturday, we were a little worried about safety. However, everything was fine. The diners were all classy with a great mixed crowd of African Americans and Whites and even the staff is mixed. It was rather "preppy" believe it or not. We will definitely come back.
Went there Saturday afternoon for lunch. We were quickly seated. I was thankful that it was not packed with lines like some of the reviews implied. I think maybe the downtown parade had something to do with it. Phew! Ordered the Lolo's chicken and waffles. Came with a breast, a wing, and a thigh. The skin was crunchy and yummy, a tad on the greasy side but still very good. The waffles with butter and syrup was very yummy. Although I think I expected more waffle/crunchy texture and not as more like pancake type of soft texture. But it's still good. I'd definitely go back! I still liked Roy Rogers fried chicken from the east coast way back when the best in my distorted and disillusioned memory. But this chicken is definitely very good.
Lolo's is ridiculously good! I usually get fried chicken smothered in gravey and onions with a waffle on the side. There is nothing about this food that's good for you, but your taste buds will thank you!
I've been to Lolo's several times and I've always had to wait in line for a table. Parking isn't so great either, so you may have to walk a block or so after you find a spot.
Wow!!! This is the BEST chicken I've had ever! The waffles are amazing. After telling some people abt the restaurant, everyone had a comment to say, but the combo is really good. You aren't mixing the waffles w/syrup and chicken; I mean realistically you can, but they taste so good individually that you you'll savor every bite! 

I'm going to bring the hubby here! So yummy!
I don't get this place.  Hole in the wall atmosphere is awesome, food disappoints.  Waffles tasted like frozen waffles from the grocery store and the chicken was good but not very juicy.  Prefer El Pollo Loco.
My wife & I went here for breakfast last week while on vacation and it was a good experience. We both ordered a chicken breast & a waffle because we had to try the classics. I've had chicken & waffles before but it was a long time ago at rosco's in long beach, ca. In any case:

- service was great (we got there when the place opened, there weren't that many people in there...yet)
- the chicken was very good. 
- the waffle was 'meh'.
- the cheesy grits were good.

all-in-all i'd go back and recommend it to friends.
LoLo's is a great place for lunch or breakfast, but be prepared to wait outside in a dicey neighborhood for a little while...but i figure it's worth the wait with the amazing food they brew inside. It's not the best chicken I've ever had, but I'm all for supporting local businesses and LoLo's fits that criteria. The service here is decent. Everyone is friendly but they're always in a hurry, running around and such. Oh well, I enjoy it here whenever I visit, the food's awesome and it's not too far from downtown Phoenix.
On my quest to visit all the yelp high star places in my hood I stopped by LoLo's today.  I would have never known this place exsisted if it wasn't for yelp.  I had the Betty Boop which is 1 breast and 1 waffle.  The hubs had Sheedah's Special - a breast a wing and a waffle. 

Since I've never had chicken AND waffles before I had no basis for comparison.  The chicken was a little on the dry side but I really liked the flavor.  The first bites of the waffle kinda reminded me of a frozen waffle but I quickly got past that with the cinnamon, buttery flavors. The iced tea was super good and I love that they serve them in Kerr jars so we didn't require any refills.  Oh!  I almost forgot the grits... because they're forgettable.  I've lived in the south and grits never grew on me.  It's been so long since I tried them and the reviews were stellar; I thought I'd give them a second chance.  I'm sorry grits but if that much butter and cheese can't make you taste good, nothing can.

The service was excellent.  Very quick.  Everyone was pleasant except for the hostess.  When we told the server it was our first time there she gave us a free piece of red velvet cake.  Very moist with a cream cheese frosting and walnuts on top.
All chicken dinners should start out with a side of waffle, don't you think?

A group of us went to Lo Lo's on Saturday night before the opening of Arizona Theatre Company's AIN'T MISBEHAVIN'. We figured dining on soul food would be a great precursor to the amazing music of "Fats" Waller. 

The service was super-quick (although, it WAS quite early. We were there at 5:30 PM). Our friends who are regulars recommended spouses sharing the Soul Food Platter. I thought that was a good idea, but my husband said, "Next time, I'm getting my own!" 

We started off with a waffle - yum - and then got our fried chicken (which I never, ever have, so that was a real treat), grits, cornbread, and mac & cheese. 

OK, this is bad ... I'm getting hungry thinking about our food from last night. I think that's a sign that we will need to return sometime soon. 

A note about credit cards: They informed us that they would not accept more than 2 transactions per party, which was good to know. Luckily, most people had cash, so we only had to have them run one card. Just be aware, as people are so used to handing over multiple credit/debit cards these days.
If you like great fried chicken or catfish, run, don't walk to Lo-Lo's. The fried chicken is the best in Phoenix. Throw in a waffle - yes it's amazing - and a side of beans on rice, greens, mac and cheese and yams and you'll be set for the day, and left-overs tomorrow. The neighborhood is a bit rough around the edges, but that adds to the adventure. And there's one in Scottsdale just north of SkySong on Scottsdale Road. This is one of our favorite places to go in Phoenix. Highly recommended.
Oh boy....I thought I loved waffles.  Now, I will likely hate them.  Thanks Lo Los for making the most superb waffle I have ever had and ruining my baseline.   I'll not ever be able to cardboard box it again.  I'll not know what to order when I get suckered into going to Ihop.  And the only way I can now eat a true waffle is to go here or fly to Belgium and try to find that damned cafe which broke my baseline years ago.  The chicken you ask?  Maybe it was a bad day...or maybe I just really wanted another waffle. And forget the syrup...you'll ruin the perfection.
If I could marry Lo Lo's Chicken and Waffles I WOULD! (shhhh dont tell my husband!!) 

I LOVE THIS PLACE! And I am a girl who does NOT eat meat off the bone. I dont eat chicken off the bone, I dont eat ribs off the bone, Steak, NOTHING...But at Lo Lo's I sure as hell do!!!! Best fried chicken you will find anywhere! Hands down! 

I always get the Betty Boop and depending on how hungray I am an extra Breast! The hubs and I usually split a bowl of their grits, which are AMAZING! Sometimes we do the grits with salt and pepper other times load it up with Syrup! Yummmm

I love that they have Kool Aid there! Seriously RAD! 

If you havent gone to Lo Lo's yet you are missing out. They do have a new Scottsdale location that is far less scary to go to (At the Phx location I always wonder if my car will be there when we are done eating, so far so good!!) 

You need to go, you will thank me ;)
For those saying the fried chicken wasn't the best they've ever had, please make sure to tell us where you found better because I don't believe such a place exists!  

I had Tre Tre's, which is two legs and a waffle.  I am in love with those huge drumsticks!  So juicy and the skin so crispy...ahhh.  Perfection!  

The waffle was fantastic but to me, the chicken was the star of the show.  

I also ordered a side of beans over rice and it was good, not great.  I put some hot sauce and pepper on top and that made it very good.  

My fiance got the Soulfood Platter and ordered cheese grits on the side.  I may not know much about grits but I know that the creamy, buttery, cheesy bite that I had was pretty close to heaven on earth. 

Excuse me now...I must find something to mop up the drool on my keyboard.
This spot takes me back to my time in The South.  The waffle was good, but not the best (that honor belongs to Matt's Big Breakfast).  The chicken, on the other hand, was fantastic and a pleasure to eat.

Aside from that, I got the Mac n' Cheese and the Collard Greens.

Mac:  some of the best traditional MnC I've ever had.  If you want a fancy one, then try the one at the Yardhouse in Scottsdale, but I digress.  The MnC was as dense as a brick, and it was super, super cheesy.  

Greens:  very good, well flavored, but they were served with a bit too much liquid.  I like a little bit drier, but they still had great flavor.  An excellent complement to the chicken, waffle, and MnC.  

note:  try mixing the syrup with a little bit of hot sauce.  Do this on the side and dip some of your chicken in it.  Sooooooooooo good!!!
Lo-Lo's is a no-no for the heart but a yes-yes for the soul.

When I'm on one of my many diet plans that have a cheat day or a reward day, Lo-Lo's is usually where I got to make up for lost calories. If you've never had chicken and waffles together, its a delightful combination but don't expect it to a miraculous union. It simply is fried chicken and waffles, you just happen to be eating them simultaneously.

My favorite part about Lo-Lo's are the dranks. They are served in large mason jars can choose from the standard fountain drinks, sweet tea or red and grape kool-aid. Yes, red is a flavor. 

I heard the red velvet cake is amazing but I've always been so full to get to dessert. Maybe the next cheat day...
Okay! Lo-Lo's is aight! Truthfully the food is not bad, probably the better soul food restaurant in town! Get there early enough so your favorite dish is available. They tend to run out! And though improved, the service is a little slow after placing your order. But they have a warning sign about the slowness to help ease the tension as you wait! 

I am little partial to this because I think my soul food dishes can give Lo-Lo's a run for their money! LOL! But I am a little touched! 

What surprises me most is all the Caucasian Yelper's that have eating at this soul food spot! Ya'll love ya'll some chicken too uh?? :)  I might have to throw a soul food dinner and invite some of my fellow yelpers to come compare! I can be a fierce DIVA in the kitchen!  Watch out now!
Lo Lo's is my go to chicken fix.  Though the quality of the chicken varies (sometimes overcooked, sometimes perfect), the sides -- mac'n'cheese!  sweet tea! home fries! -- make this place a must visit.  Just beware that it gets very busy and there's no good place to wait for a table.
After visiting Roscoe's again I standby my conclusion that Lo-Lo's has better waffles. Roscoes, still wins on chicken in my opinion though.
We read all about Lolo's on the reviews.  It's in a sketch area,  but it seems fine during the day.  We were promptly seated  and asked what we would like to drink.  I ordered the lemonade and my other the sweet tea.  The Lemonade was one of the best lemonade's I've ever had.   The Sweet tea was exactly that too sweet.

For entre's, I ordered one leg/thiegh with a waffle.  She ordered 2 drumsticks with mac and cheese.  The fried chicken was a bit on the smaller side than I'm used to.  If you're hungry, I recommend ordering 3 piece meal.  For dessert, we ordered the red velvet cake.   Overall, the fried chicken was good but we've had better in Texas and California.  The red velvet cake was delicious, very moist.  And the Lemonade was great!

The service is good as my lemonade was never empty.   I'm not sure if we would come back to Lolo's but it was A - OK!
This location wasn't that busy in the middle of the day and had a moderately diverse crowd which was nice to see. Seemed like there was a lot regulars there. 

I ordered a couple of drumsticks with mac and cheese and was able to try their eggs and waffles. My favorite was the mac and cheese. The chicken was just okay for me.

The people at the cash registers were really friendly and talked to us for a bit, so I thought that was pretty cool. I liked Lo-Lo's, I just wouldn't go out of my way to come back here - but if I was in the neighborhood I'd most likely stop by.
I'd give it 5 stars if I had more experience with chicken and waffles.  But I enjoyed my visit to Lo Lo's.  Chicken was moist and flavorful.  Waffle was crispy.  I also had the rice and beans and gravy on the side.  Made my trip to Phoenix more memorable.  There were 6 of us in our group and no one complained.  Cornbread and fries were tasty too. 

I would return when in the area.
I ate here for the first time last year. Any place where you can get RED KOOL AID DRANK is okay in my book. I had the chicken and waffles, why try anything else on the first visit? Would be nice if they offered a nap room for the post meal food coma. This will knock you on your ass.
Being in town for Spring Training I didn't know where to go, so I turned to Yelp for help.  This is by far my favorite meal of the trip.  Ariana was our server and was very pleasant.  She answered all our questions and even humored us with some great stories.  

I got the platter, which included 3 pieces of fried chicken with gravy on the side, corn bread and 2 sides (waffle and collard greens).  I was defeated...   The portions were huge.  It was sooo good though.  It was great having the bottomless jar of drink.  I suggest the kool aid.

Overall it was a great experience.  I met some nice people and had a very satisfying meal.  I also picked up a pretty sick shirt.  The front says "Eatin' Good-N-Da Hood"!  I will rep it all the way in Cali!

This is one place I will be sure to come back to my next trip to AZ.
I've had fried chicken.
I've had waffles.
Who knew that they were really meant to be Together, on the Same Plate!?  Not me, at least until I was introduced to Lo-Lo's.  

The Pilgrimage to this wee building on a small side street in downtown PHX was made on a cold, rainy Sunday - perfect weather for comfort food! 

After strategic review of the menu consisting of a price volume mix analysis to determine the right combination of entrees and side items to reach Pareto Optimality, my friend and I ended up with a table full of goodness:
Lo-Lo plate (2 waffles + 3 chicken breasts), 1 additional waffle, home fries and (no surprise here) mac n cheese.  

The food arrived quickly (benefit of arriving right at opening time!), and this is where all conversation stopped.  No talking, just eating and lots of it.  I surfaced for air once or twice to mumble random things about how good everything was, but that's about it.  I don't know how the Lo-Lo's Chicken Magicians manage to make fried chicken that is not greasy - it is crispy on the outside but still tender and juicy on the inside.  The waffles taste slightly of cinnamon and I am not ashamed that I used the entire portion of butter that was riding on the top.  All of it.  Hard arteries are strong arteries, right?  

Halfway through the mac n cheese I noticed the Red Rooster Louisiana Hot Sauce on the table - liquid fire!  Had to douse the remaining portion and feel the burn...  Yeah!!

OK Phoenix, I get it.  I know now what I have been missing all this time.  I will be back in about 4 months, when my cholesterol levels return to normal...  :)
Walked in at a good time, 30min after opening so there were plenty of places to sit.  Ordered a betty boop and coffee.  Staff was courteous and service was quick.  However, I only got my original coffee and was never asked for a refill.  

To the reviews saying the red rooster sauce is spicy or even tasty for that matter, "what's up with that? /snl"  It's of the same ilk as a frank's hot sauce, but with even less presence.    

Chicken and waffle was good - nothing life changing or worth writing home about.  There's no exotic spices/combos to speak of, you're basically just paying for the novelty of having chicken & waffles on the same plate whenever you damn well please.

3 stars because to me soul food should be more than just breading chicken and throwing it into a fryer.  I'd give it 4 stars for the novelty, but Tuck Shop has a chicken&waffle plate that is in another class, albeit pricier.
BEST KOOL-AID EVER!
Seriously, that's easily it's number one draw for me.
Order a "jar of drank" and it'll come out to you, ice cold (which is a great refresher from the summer heat here) in a mason jar. Free refills during your visit and they'll even give you a styrofoam "to-go" cup if you request it.

On top of that, this was my FIRST official "chicken and waffles" experience and I was surprised at how well the two go together.
The waffles are a perfect consistency: Not too crisp, not to fluffy.
As for the chicken, it's fried with the perfect recipe and just add a little honey and you're golden!
A delicious meal with large proportions. You'll struggle with a full stomach to finish such a treat!

Since my first visit, I've been to the "infamous" Rocco's Chicken and Waffles and then returned to Lo-Lo's and I must admit, Lo-Lo's is BY FAR the victor. There is no doubt in my mind that Lo-Lo's is leaps and bounds better than Rocco's. The food is better, the atmosphere is better, the service is better.

Lo-Lo's offers great service (the people that work here are really nice and hospitable), great atmosphere, great food, and, most importantly for me, GREAT KOOL-AID!

Definitely worth a visit.
Who would have thought that I could find me some great comfort food in PHX?! This place has great service and really delicious food! I had the chicken combo platter with mac & cheese and waffles as sides. It came with cornbread and I washed it down with sweet tea! Bliss!
Chicken and waffles, hot sauce, red beans and rice and a huge Iced tea. I cant eat like this all the time, but when I do, I'm going to Lo-Lo's. 

My friend took me there before a Suns game and wow, what a great way to start the evening. I had 3 pieces of chicken and 1 waffle. My friend doubled that and he added the LARGEST GLASS OF RED KOOLAID I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!! 

It was a classy move....good show ole bean... 

Anyways, check it out, its badass..
Yum! Yum! Yum!

Chicken and waffles combined are delicious sin! Soul food in general is usually delicious sin if you are counting calories but counting calories shouldn't even be thought of if entering this place; you'll want to try everything! By everything I mean chicken, waffles, grits, eggs, home fries, Kool-Aid and many many more goodies that are served here (and trust me, you should try as much as you can). 

Go get yourself some soul food already and leave this place smiling!
How can you not seriously love this place? For real. I dare any of you to tell me otherwise, and then I will make fun of you and call you lame. I've been to Lo-Lo's several times, and it's about time I inform everyone of their amazing treat of chicken and waffles. And the red kool-aid. Don't deny it. I don't care if you are 75. You still crave you some kool-aid every now and then. And now you can have it. With dinner. In a jar. And mom and dad can't even yell at you. 

The atmosphere and location are both real and authentic. Expect to feel like you are in grandma's house, sitting somewhere near the kitchen and waiting for some amazing southern food. 

I always want to try the red velvet cake or the mac and cheese but I can never get past the tre tre.... 2 fried chicken legs and a waffle and that's all it takes for my stomach to be full.

Be warned they only take cash here, but it's worth it.
so far, this could be considered the best fried chicken I've tried in US. Now if you have a small stomach, order something with one piece...or you'll face a LOT of food. The idea of mixing a waffle with your chicken is already hilarious!. 

I was pleased with the options on spicy salsas they have....mmmm!! and finally I have tried good okra (not just fiber). It was all in all a great experience, but as my friend said...we have to leave before it get's dark!!
It takes alot for me to frequent a restaurant numerous times, I believe that there are great places all over the city so why not take the time to try out new places. But LoLo's seems to be my cyptonite. It's an interesting blend of tastes, fried chicken and waffles on the same plate at the same time? 

However, do your taste buds a solid and check this place out.  The fried chicken is great, and the waffles are amazing. Red beans and rice, grits, and red velvet cake are great too. Still not satisfied...LoLo's has red kool-aid, not the kind mom made, but the kind you always wanted to make as a kid, remember, half sugar half water and a packet of kool-aid, served in a mason jar. How can you go wrong. Ch..Ch..Ch..Check it Out.
I was on another work-related trip when I came to experience by far the best chicken and waffles I ever eaten.
As I was walking into the hotel were conference I was attending was being held in Phoenix, I was immediately greeted by my colleagues who were fortunate enough to get there a couple of days before i did. Fortunate because they got a chance to go to see a couple of games at spring training. As I met them, they were looking to cure their hangover with some chicken and waffles. Lo-lo's was suggested by our colleague who used to work at Arizona State University and a great suggestion. 
I ordered two pieces of chicken and waffles with grits and eggs. To wash all down I also had their signature sweet tea that came in a jar. The chicken were moist but not swimming in oil and the grits completed the meal. My colleagues hangovers were satisfied as was I. I would love to go back to Lo-lo's but given the new law in AZ, I don't I'll be going there anytime soon!
For heart attack, drop dead chicken and the best waffles I've eaten in years, Lo-Lo's rocks. LoLo's catered a breakfast for a non-profit I am involved with and they did an awesome job. However, our mission is good health and preventing work disability, so unfortunately, the others in the group have outlawed Lo-Lo's for future events. It appears we have to actually practice what we preach. Bummer.
Chickens so goood! and crispy!  even my mama likes it!
I have passed this place so many times, and thought it sounded gross. But I went there yesterday and LOVED it. The waffles were good. And the Red Velvet cake was so amazing. Definitely one of my favorite red velvet cakes. 


I haven't tried any chicken, but I bet it's good.
Wow!! Love this place so much!! 

Let me start off by saying me and my boyfriend were going to phoenix to visit an old friend. I found this place online and decided to try it. Not ever been to Arizona, i admit the area scared me a little bit haha! we stopped by this shady looking gas station like 2 mins away from it and asked one of the employers where lo lo's was. He said to park in the back so we got in the car and started to search for it. It was about 8 at night. We drove into the back lot and DUDE IT LOOKED SO BAD!!!. Being a wimp i started to not want to persue the place anymore. My bf insisted to park in front and we did. Our friend went came and we went it. It was ... SO NICE INSIDE!! Very clean, well lit, and festive!

I  felt sorry I judged it before i went in. I  ordered the number 9, which was chicken thigh and leg with a waffle. Filled me up just right! the waffles were soooo goood! tasted of cinnamon and the butter was light. 

I also ordered the red velvet cake because i love red velvet and i heard it was the best. SADLY I didn't like it. The moistness was really good, but i thought the velvet would be more rich and the frosting was too cheesy for my liking. This cake could be very true to how its originally made so that is probibly why its pretty different from the others I've had. 

over all 4/5 stars!!!~ Will be back again!!~
Arrived around 5pm one Wednesday evening. The place is not in a nice area of Phoenix, and it looked deserted, and I was going to leave, when I saw a Mercedes and Lexus pull up.  So I thought I'd give it a chance. The prices were somewhat reasonable, I got the Lo-Lo's for $11 (2 waffles, and 3 pieces of fried chicken). The food was tasty for what it was, but I only give it 3 *'s because its just so unhealthy.. kool-aid, waffles, syrup, and fried chicken! This is the kinda a place I may go once a year, but I just feel so guilty!  Not sure what the syrup was, but it certainly wasn't real maple syrup (I'd imagine it is some sugar based creation), and the waffles were dry. The chicken wasn't very moist, it was also a bit on the dry side.
Lemme just add to the wonderfulness that is Lo-Lo's. Although I have only been to the Scottsdale one, I must say it was wonderful. Chicken yum! Waffles yum! Candied yams yum! Mac & Cheese yum!
Man oh man this place is good! Visiting from LA  and if you know LA you know Roscoes. Sorry Roscoes but Lo-Lo's has got the tastiest, most tender, juicy fried chicken I have ever had. And the waffles just melt in your mouth with a flavor explosion. Lo-Lo's is now my second reason to move to AZ.
All I gotta say is... Oh hell yes!! The waffle was sweet but not too sweet and the chicken breast was moist and wonderfully flavorful!  But the combination is fantastic!! My husband says Roscoe's doesn't even compare to Lo-Lo's...  Oh and to top it off I had the mac n cheese and a tub of kool-aid!! This place is the ONLY reason I would ever come back to Phoenix!! I am pleasantly stuffed!! Thanks Lo-Lo's!!
The waffle here was great. It had a unique taste to it compared to other waffles. The chicken was very good also. The reason I give them 3 stars is the chicken was not dropped fresh, because it didn't have that heat and crunch to it. I didn't go at a very busy time either. I just think I got dealt a bad hand. I will see when I go back. Overall great place to eat.
Another father's day, another breakfast at Lolo's.  The fried chicken should be illegal.  Of course, I only got two bites before my daughter, who previously said "I'm full", stole my piece.  Darn kids.  

Oh yeah, great lemonade, grits and waffles.  Love the staff.  But that chicken....
What can I write that already hasn't?  Excellent all the way around from service, pricing and taste!  This time I had the catfish.  Awesome cornmeal batter and flavorful catfish.  I took a friend temporarily staying in Phx working that's from Montana.  He wants to come back before he leaves.  Oh, and great sweet tea also, not too sugary, just right!!!
I have driven through this location many times never realizing this place was there. A co-worker had spoken highly of the Scottsdale location so I decided to try this one in the Downtown Phoenix area as it is just a few miles down the street where I live.

I ordered the Toy-Toy which is 1 waffle and 2 chicken wings. I added a side of scrambled eggs. The order took a while to come out. The eggs arrived cold. The waffles and chicken were good. 

What I noticed is that when we arrived there were not many people, but just a few minutes after we arrived about 5 new parties arrived. So my assumption for the delay in our order was that they must have delayed frying the chicken for our order to get all the orders in from the other parties, because everyone else's food arrived almost at the same time as ours. So we got to wait.

I would definitely go back but solely for chicken and waffles.
I've been to Lolo's several times now but this was my first time there this year. I had some friends visiting from LA and they wanted to try it since I always brag about how it is waaaay better than the infamous Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles. lol. 

A friend and I shared a soulfood platter. It was 3pcs of smothered chicken w two sides (we had mac n cheese & beans over rice). We had the gravy on the side and added a side of waffles. It also came with a peice of cornbread. I had the sweet tea to drink. The chicken and waffle were still as good as ever. The sides however were not very. Our mac and cheese was really mushy! The flavor was good but the pasta was way overcooked. It almost looked like a bowl of yellow custard. The beans and rice also had great flavor but the rice was a bit undercooked. The cornbread was better than I remembered. I noticed they changed their gravy also. The color is different... more golden than before with little specks of something red. It used to be a light brown gravy with peices of wilted onions. While still good, I liked the old version better. The sweet tea was a little sweeter than normal but I still enjoyed it.

My friends agreed that the sides could've been better but really enjoyed the chicken and waffles. They enjoyed it so much that they wanted to go again before their trip back home. We went the next day to the Scottsdale location and picked up a plate of chicken and waffles from them to bring on the road. lol.
It was very good.

Chicken was tasty but a bit overcooked.

Waffles were phenomenal with a hint of cinnamon.

Mac and cheese was perfect along with the home-style fries.

I liked the fact they used mason jars for glasses. That is something I do at home also. 

I am still wondering why people are putting up pictures of another location.  Check out my recent upload for what it really looks like outside. It is a tad scary but that just makes me want to investigate even further. 

I expected it to be cheaper than it was. Oh well!
Love this place! Lo-Lo's is a great place to try something different before a D-Backs or Suns game. I recommend you try it if you like chicken and well... waffles. Not a place for your dainty girlfriend who just kinda wants to you know like become a vegetarian because you know like the bunnies are like cute and everyone is doing it
I'm still not sure I "get" the whole Chicken and Waffle  as a food combination, but I guess the question is: do I really need to? 

I've read that you may have to wait in line. Luckily that has not been the case for us as we've gone on off-peak hours: Wednesday night for dinner around 6pm and a Friday afternoon late lunch (1pm) . 

Service has always been pleasant and the meals have come out on a timely basis.  And, hands down, Lo Lo's makes the best waffle...ever.  I think what makes it special is the  touch of Cinnamon. 

I ordered the Betty Boop (a chicken breast and a waffle) - definately enough to fill you up.   My husband orders a couple of drum sticks, waffle, fried okra and corn bread.  He can't help himself, his family is from the south and he likes to re-live his youth.  Too bad his metabolism has moved on....
i love me some lolo's. Best breakfast in town. I refuse to go to the new location, the charm of the Yuma st location makes this place, ok maybe it doesn't but it sure makes a great experience to get a great breakfast meal in such an unsuspected location
This was my second visit. and it went much like the first.  we both had the soul food platter with chicken. really good mac and cheese and it stayed pipping hot throughout the whole meal not sure how but it was nice. really good waffle I couldn't stop eating it, fried okra you can skip its just like little nuggets of fried zucchini but with nothing to dip them in. and dry as a bone cornbread even though it had a full scoop of butter on top when it arrived. The chicken was really good the only complaint there was the wings were dry, super good homemade lemon aide I drank two quart size jars full of it good. service was attentive and lots of different people that worked there came around to check on you so you were never in want of anything. Saw lots of people coming in to get takeout so thats a nice option, next time I will get extra chicken to go because its so good cold the next day.
Mason jars of sweet tea done right, juicy and tender fried chicken with perfectly crispy skin, mac and cheese that doesn't teeter into absurd hoity-toityness, and waffles that are just thin enough to soak up the maximum amount of butter and syrup.

What's not to love?  Maybe the fact that I went from diabetic coma to sugar crash, skipping the high that usually comes in between.

I didn't even have room for red velvet, but that's a mistake I won't make twice.
Went here for the first time yesterday and it was great! I love fried chicken and theirs is really great especially if you add on the Louisiana hot sauce...ummm! Shared a KK's which consisted of 3 pieces of fried chicken, 2 waffles, grits, and scrambled eggs with cheese and onions. The waffles were tasty. The eggs were just alright. Then I had some grits for the first time and my friend said you really gotta add some salt and sugar to make it awesome...and that is exactly how you do it! The portions are pretty decent for its price. The service was great...the workers always came by to check on us.
Best Chicken, waffles, and grits ever.
I really like LoLo's.

They have very good food.  I can easily say that everything I've ever ordered at LoLo's has been delicious.

The sweet tea is as advertised.  When ordering the Kool Aid, I usually order it as half water, half Kool Aid as to not slip into a diabetic coma.

The prices are on par as far as soul food places go.

I do not mind waiting for good food, so I won't score negatively on that.

The wait staff is pretty attentive as far as the usual wait service goes.

I only have one complaint.  There have been a couple of times when there were a couple of unruly, obnoxiously loud (maybe even ungodly loud) people there while I was dining with my wife and 2 daughters.  They were using expletives and using language that had graphic sexual undertones.  Mind you, this was at a volume that was loud enough for everyone in the restaurant to hear.  The wait staff and management didn't even bother to ask them to simmer down and have some respect for the other patrons.  

I've always had really good dining experiences at LoLo's.  The staff is friendly, other than a couple of incidents, the other patrons are lively and provide a good dining atmosphere.  Other than the two times I mentioned, I thought this was a really good family restaurant.

I really do wish when incidents like this occur, that the wait staff or management steps up and ensures that a couple of people don't ruin the dining experience of everyone in the restaurant.  I am no stranger to eating in a loud restaurant where the level of noise is very high due to everyone having normal conversations.  The two times that I was unfortunate enough to go through this has actually kept me from going back.

There's no doubt I'll go there again.  I will crave their fried chicken and catfish enough to cross my fingers and give it another try.  It's just too bad that now, I can't trust the restaurant enough to bring my daughters there.
I knew when I saw a pimped out neon green DeVille sitting in Lo-Lo's parking lot that this meal was going to be epic.

I went solely for the chicken and waffles, and they more than delivered.  The prices here are much more reasonable than they are at a certain world-famous California-based place, and I'd argue that the food itself is better, too.  The crust on the chicken was light and it was fried perfectly -- crispy on the outside and perfectly tender on the inside -- and the waffles?  Add that to the list of things I could eat all day.  There truly is something magical about a small bundle of fried chicken and a short stack of waffles, drowning in a sea of syrup, butter, and a little hot sauce.  My stomach is growling just thinking about it.

I didn't get to try any of their other stuff, although literally everything on the menu sounded delicious, but then again what soul food dish doesn't?  I went in for a lunch, and other than a kid's birthday party there weren't many people there, so I didn't have any of the long waits or loud guest that apparently plague this location, but I don't know if that would have affected my opinion, because the food was just too good.  

Next time I'm in the Phoenix area, I'll stop by, and maybe I'll get a chance to try some of their red velvet cake...if I can find the room.
I finally got around to trying this place and so far it has been the best part of my trip (besides seeing my family of course, lol).  The food was excellent, prices were reasonable, and the service is outstanding.  I got the number 10, which had two chicken legs and one waffle, plus I added a side of mac and cheese.  The chicken was awesome.  Not too much breading.  The waffle was light but crispy.  Put those two together and it was perfection.  The mac and cheese was overcooked, but it still had good flavor.  I will probably try another side next time.  Overall, it was a great and everyone in my group walked away with a great experience. We went for lunch and we are considering going back for dinner!
I came here for breakfast on my last trip to Phoenix and I wasn't hungry again for a good 7-8 hours afterwards.  I even did a tough 2.5 mile hike to Piestewa Peak afterwards, and it still wasn't enough to burn off all that food.  

I ordered the #1 (KK's) - the chicken and waffles were both pretty good, but both fell short of Roscoe's here in LA.  The chicken was a bit dry and just didn't have enough flavor and the waffles didn't have that hint of cinnamon that Roscoe's has.  The grits were good and I really enjoyed the scrambled eggs with cheese and onions... just wish they gave more than two bites of it.

I initially didn't like their gravy, but I grew into it as I continued to eat.  It was sweeter than I was used to, but it went well with the food.

Not a bad choice if you're in the area, but I'm afraid I'll have to give the edge to my hometown version.
The hype for this place was off the wall!! "It's better than Roscoe's" "They're chicken is soooooo goooood!" and so on and so on, so whilst on vacation I made my first visit along with the hubby and some family. While I've never had Roscoe's to make the comparison, I have had The Breakfast Klub in Houston and DIED over their delicious chicken, waffles and grits so I was looking to be just as wowed. 

All I can say is, it was all hype. Sorry!!! I know Arizonians everywhere just fell out of their chairs!! It just wasn't amazing, or even kind of good, it was just OK. 

We went on a Sunday morning for breakfast. The service was good, we beat the Sunday church crowd so it wasnt overly packed but I was kind of shocked at the size of place, pretty cramped but I guess I'll give it cozy. 

So we order, I love that the drinks come in HUGE mason jars (not so good for those wasted calories on SUGARY drinks) and get the chicken breast and wing with a waffle and a side of grits. Boooo!!!!! My grits were soup, I had to season them well to get some flavor and despite letting them sit for a little to see if they'd solidify. . . .no go. I was sooooo dissappointed. 

Moving onto the main dish, I dont love chicken skin but I understand the allure in the fried variety so I indulge from time to time. This time I went for it and tasted. . . .salt. Lots of salt. Double booooo!!! The breading was fine, not to thick or gummy when it hit the syrup but still too salty for me. So fried skin removed, chicken doused in hot sauce, I enjoyed the remainder of my dish and ordinary waffle and was thoroughly full but not too satisfied. 

Overall, Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles was just that, chicken and waffles and nothing to spectacular at that. 3 stars for being an ok chicken & waffles joint with good service and decent prices.
Well it's been a while since I've been here, however...

Lo-Lo's is about the closest thing I've gotten to soul food since I'd lived in Phoenix.  Though most people go for the chicken and waffles, I much more prefer their smothered chicken with hash browns, collared greens, and sweet yams.  Be forewarned -- the smothered chicken is salty.  Much saltier than most people would prefer, tbh, at least if their palate is fairly "white" (as in not eating a lot of spices and salt and whatnot).

The sweet tea is always phenomenal and the red velvet cake is comparable to stuff I've eaten back East (i.e. it's fantastic).

For first timers, you will probably get "the itis" after eating here: make sure you have someone else with you who can handle the insulin overload and can drive you home.  I had taken an ex here after showing her The Boondocks episode about the itis (I know, I know) and she thought it was a myth until she started nodding off in the restautant itself.  You eat here and you don't need to eat for the rest of the day.
Forget about the location is Scottsdale you want the location on Central and Yuma.
We went to the Scottsdale location, and I think they cooked all the chicken for the day that morning!

The chicken was dry and it was lacking on taste. Same for the waffles.

Do yourself a favor. If you want Chicken and Waffles...Buy some frozen Eggos, get some KFC chicken, buy syrup at the store, and there you have it...a much better tasting choice.  Seriously.
Chicken + Waffles = food coma.

I ordered the Lo Los which is 2 waffles and 3 pieces of fried chicken. It's really unhealthy but this is some good comfort food. The fried chicken here is the best fried chicken I've ever tasted. The waffles are good and everything wasn't that greasy and I skipped the butter. Those SNL guys should have said "Fried Chicken + waffles = crazy delicious." 

I did order the mac and cheese but to me it's the same everywhere else. I must say it should be recommend you burn 5000 calories before and after going.
I'm sure this not the healthiest place you eat at, but closest you get to the perfect fried chicken.... While eating, the last thing i cared about was the healthy part of the food... Tried the 3 pc chicken smothered with gravy and onion and waffles (Not to mention the butter and syrup on the waffle), I know sounds absolutely crazy but an absolute heaven.... Have to try the gravy, always cooked right..love the hot sauce, great flavors.
I'm not sure what else can be said about Lo-Lo's, but I have to put in my small two cents anyway. Four words:

GO FOR THE WAFFLES.

Sure, the chicken is wonderful and juicy and you'll definitely leave feeling you need a bypass....but seriously, you could skip the chicken and go with a stack of waffles and you'll be just as satisfied. 

Next time, this is all I'm ordering. One heaping stack of waffle goodness.
You know you are in the "South" when you are drinking ice tea from a jar! Well, technically I was, South Phoenix to be exact.  In fact, the tea was unsweetened! Yes, I know, a Southern faux pas! Might of been the healthiest thing one could order here.

So after waiting a few long minutes, my main feast arrived.  Where do I start? Ah, good old chicken leg, nice, small and manageable.  Done! Time for my double layer waffles topped with creamy, melty butter.  "That's money!" borrowing a gleeful phrase Guy Fieri always says in his Food Network show, D, D, and D. :)

So my two other pieces were the breast and thigh.  I knew what I was getting into so I carefully avoided the glistening, crunchy evil they call: the skin.  But I did have a little and it was packed with all the great tasting herbs and spices that make up this Southern style cuisine.  That is what makes it distinct from your mainstream chains.

Now, the battle between the chicken and waffle, I give the waffle a slight edge.  Its not the thick kind you might expect, but its still pretty good.  Well, all in all, I'm glad somebody in the deep South came up with this comforting duo that even my inner soul can taste.
I've been to the Scottsdale location and to this one a few times, but I guess I never reviewed this one :-\

Anyways, one of my hometown friends drove in from San Diego and displeased with his Roscoe's experience, was dying to go to LoLo's. Luckily we made it out of the Science Center in enough time to get lunch here before they closed for the day. We were quickly seated and taken care of. Our food came out quickly and we dove in. It was delish as usual and my friend said that LoLo's won that battle. 

That said, if you want some good fried chicken and waffles, head here.
This place was my first experience with chicken and waffles and man it was GOOD! The place was super authentic. Loved the waitresses and waiters. Though it was really hectic trying to serve our table, they all had a great sense of humor and were just overall very friendly.

Now to the food. Man, who knew how good the fried chicken-waffle combo is. However to be honest, the fried fish was even better! If i ever go back here, that's the combo I'd be getting...fried fish and waffles. It sounds not as appetizing, but trust me! It's good!
The absolute best fried chicken I've ever had. The waffles and syrup are heaven on a plate, with a hint of cinnamon.

Lo-Lo's is a required stop after an overnight visit to Phoenix. My fiance and I wake up, check out of our hotel in a hurry, ignoring any and all continental breakfasts that stand in our way. We never remember where Lo-Lo's is exactly, except that it's on some side street, but fortunately GPS has never let us down.

Lo-Lo's makes a point of hanging signs that indicate that service is slow, but I've never had a bad experience there.

Mmm mmm mmm!
A must try, Chicken is great. I have never had this combo before, but will say it was better then I thought
i love LO Lo's Chicken& waffles  me and my Boss went there and i had best down home southern fried Chicken since i was a kid  some time this year before the year end i'm going back and taking some friends.
I have never left Lolo's not beaming with joy.  I love fried chicken and I love waffles, though not as much as chicken.  I believe that Lo-Lo's not only has the best fried chicken in Phoenix, but the best waffles as well.  If you enjoy either, you must come here.  You can also buy a mason jar of red drank.  This is available nowhere else in the valley.  The macaroni and cheese is pretty good, but not my favorite style.  The real show stopper besides the chicken and waffles is the Red Velvet Cake.  Indulge.  Seriously.  But make sure you share.

Also, this is a bad place for first dates because it takes a really really remarkable person to tear your attention away from the food.
Good fried chicken and wings.  They have a nicely crispy, crunchy, flavorful crust with juicy chicken on the inside.  Fries were quite tasty as well, crisp and soaked with the oil and honey from the chicken wings.  The grits were just OK, they were a little bland, and they tasted like the stuff you buy at the store.  The waffles that came with the chicken were very large, and served with butter and maple syrup.  I wasn't a big fan of the red velvet cake though.  It was a bit dry and crumbly.
So it was through Lo-Lo's that I was introduced to the concept of chicken and waffles. The peculiar mash-up had sounded a bit odd to me, but not beyond trying. I'm not sure if they even have other items on the menu as I've always just had chicken and waffles. I've had Lo-Los to go and eaten on-site numerous times. If you eat in, they serve the drinks in mason jars, and the overly-attentive wait staff never leave you with less than a half-full jar before offering you a refill. 

The fried chicken is the best I've ever had period! It's even better than the stalwart California chain and institution, Roscoes. The other day I had fried chicken at home and found myself putting Frank's Red Hot and syrup over it before I deemed it worthy to eat. Lo-Los made me do that.
Some of the best chicken I've had, moist and chalk-full of flavor .  waffles were spot on as well!  Can't go wrong with a place that serves Kool-Aid!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!  Yes, parking is an issue...and yes, it's cramped and crowded and run down inside, BUT that is part of the whole experience.  The food is amazing!  The fried chicken is the best around, coupled with the waffles...and then I usually add grits, scrambled eggs with cheese and onions, side of bacon, side of mac n' cheese...and wash it down with some tasty red koolaid in a mason jar.  The red velvet cake is a MUST for dessert...order it to go if you are too full, it's SO good!

They do have a newer location in Scottsdale that his much bigger, but it just isn't quite the same as the original Phoenix location.

If you are going for lunch, get there early(like 11:30 or earlier), otherwise you will be waiting in line outside the place for a long time.
My husband experienced soulfood at Lo Lo's for the first time a few months ago and we brought some of our family and one of his cousins who was visiting us from out of state. The restaurant itself is small and seating is tight and compact, so large groups don't feel so welcome. The host initially took awhile to seat us but other than that the service was great. 

The food was good but not as wonderful as I expected, so claims of the fried chicken here being the best are exaggerated and the food was overpriced considering our surroundings (come-on the spot needs to be renovated and its located in a beat down area of Central Phoenix). 

Overall the service and food were what you'd expect from any regular ordinary spot, there was nothing overly great about either the food or the service.
The place was good, but I'm not sure what the hype is all about. The fried chicken was good, but I don't know if it's any better than fried chicken anywhere else. The waffles were pretty good, with the cinnamon adding a nice touch. I wasn't a fan at all of the red velvet cake - it was pretty dry and didn't really have any taste to it at all.

My guess is that the place is famous for being famous - as far as I know, it's the only chicken and waffles place in the valley, so it's going to get notoriety.
Fried Chicken, Mac and Cheese, Red Velvet Cake and Kool-Aid!
Now that's my kind of breakfast.
 
Lolo's Chicken and Waffles is a small joint located in a not so lovely residential area of Phoenix . Don't let the surrounding area fool you though, inside this small Soul food joint you will find some delicious eats. The inside of Lolo's has a very homey look and feel. Their menu is full of different Soul food fare. The coolest thing about Lolo's is that their entire menu is offered all day. If you want breakfast for dinner, you can. If you want dinner for breakfast, go for it. It's awesome!
 
My fianc and I both ordered their KK's breakfast, which consisted of three pieces of fried chicken, two waffles (we both added pecans to our waffles), cheese grits and scrambled eggs with cheddar cheese and onions. We also got a side of Mac and cheese, Yams, sausage patties and a slice of red velvet cake. My father ordered their fired chicken omelet, which was made with fried chicken, bell peppers, onions and cheese. Everything that we ate that morning was excellent. The fried chicken was really juicy and flavorful, especially the dark meat. The waffles were light and fluffy and packed full of pecans. The yams were really sweet and had a nice cinnamony flavor. Their sausage patties, which they make in house, were some of the best I have ever had. The Mac and cheese was really cheesy and gooey. The grits were also really cheesy and also really buttery. My dad's omelet was delicious. They made his omelet with four eggs and loaded it with juicy fried chicken (skin and all) and lots of grilled veggies. They also topped it with a ton of shredded cheese. The red velvet cake, which we took to go, was really moist. The cream cheese frosting, which was covered with pecans, was not overly sweet and was really creamy. To wash down all this yummy grub I had a huge glass of super sweet cherry Kool-Aid. My fianc and dad both had their sweet tea, which was just as sweet as their Kool-Aid.
 
The service here was great. Our waitress was really funny and friendly. She was shocked to see us order so much food, especially at 10am. She joked around with us the whole time and always kept my mason jar of Kool-Aid filled to the brim. The prices here were great too.
 
If you like Soul Food and happen to be in the Phoenix area then you have to check out Lolo's. This place rocks!
Fried chicken was good, but everything else was a joke.  The service was unbelievably bad.  The waffles were skinny and underdone.  First cup of grits had a tiny amount of butter and were way overdone, like they were scrapped out of the bottom of the pan.  When a second waitress saw what was in my bowl, and saw my dry ass overdone eggs (this was 5 minutes after they were brought out....I was still waiting for the chicken and waffles) she offered to bring new eggs and grits.  Second round, (still no chicken and waffles) eggs were much better but grits were underdone and watery.  When the chicken and waffles showed up, the waffles were already cool with no browning at all.  Coffee was terrible.  Wife's plate was just as bad.  Our original waitress never bothered to check on us until she brought the bill.  And to top it all off, the food is way overpriced, and over hyped!!!
The one solid was the chicken.  It was lightly battered and perfectly seasoned and cooked.  The scrambled eggs were real, not the fake crap.  I just wish someone in the back new how to cook them properly.  With the exception of the one waitress who replaced my first plate, it seemed like no one there, including the cooks, really gave a shit about the food or the service.  Very disappointing considering all the good reviews.
This place was AMAZING!  Usually you can get good food or good service, but it's very rare to get both.  Lo-Lo's delivers on both.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the parking is tight and the area of town is iffy.  But it's totally worth it.  I mean, do you know anyplace else that has Kool Aid on the menu?  Their menu looks amazing -- I haven't seen chicken gizzards on a menu since I left home, and though I haven't tried them yet, they're on my list for the next visit!  And their fried chicken is AMAZING!  It may even be better than my mom's (and I can say that honestly because she's not on Yelp yet).  It seems like fried chicken and mac n cheese would be easy to do well, but as anyone who's been to KFC can tell you, that's not the case.  LoLo's has great food and the staff was super attentive, even though they were busy.  We'll definitely be back!
Lo-Lo's is a great place and most certainly lives up to the hype. It's small, dated and it has a cool ambiance  The parking sucks but don't let that stop you from going to Lo-Lo's. 

They have some of the best fried chicken I've tasted and I loved their waffles.  The mac-n-cheese is different but very good! You can order eggs any way you like them.  

I'm a fan!
Why I don't set up a cot and just sleep at this place, I don't know. I have reviewed this place before, but I stopped in a couple times in the last month (yes, I should get my arteries checked). 

Chicken = Fantastic, Mac & Cheese = Fantastic, and the Red Velvet Cake = To die for.

However, I wanted to add something I just had. Stupid Fries. These things are great for sharing. Cripsy fries, topped with a chopped up fried chicken breast, cheese, red and green bell peppers and gravy. They are off the hook good. 

You should go there soon.
we timed it pretty poorly, but needed some chicken and waffles and headed to lo-lo's around lunchtime on sunday! bad idea. 

waited almost 2 hours to take my first bite. but aside from that, it was great.
Called in for a To Go order.  When we got there to pick up our food, we waited for an hour to get our food.  I don't care if the chicken is good.  It's not worth the wait.
Very tasty chicken and waffles. Make sure to go when they are busy so you get hot and freshly fried chicken.

Their portions are huge! The first time I went I ordered the KK's, and it was way more than I could handle. The second time around I got the Lo-Lo's and still was barely able to finish it.

All the drinks are served in mason jars.

The staff were all very courteous and friendly, I felt very welcomed.
Catfish, fried chicken, candied yams, cornbread, beans & rice, cheese grits, waffle, sweet tea & lemonade. Every last item the put their foot in it!!!!! For those who don't understand that term, they didn't cut any corners on the food and everything was home cooked.
Hello Lo-Lo!  Oddly off the Main street but that's cool.  

Our server was cute, attentive, and welcoming.  They were playing gospel music in the background.

It's all about the food baby!  It's simple down home fare and they do it well.  If you're looking for something different and you're near the airport.  Try it.
LO LO's has the best DAMN CHICKEN in AZ! The people are always really nice. This is a place that as a local I tell people to go for fried chicken.  A+++++
What better way to recover from a marathon than with killer carbs, grease, and an insanely high caloric intake!

KKs: 3 pieces of fried chicken (southern style that is), 2 waffles, (think flat but plae sized) a bowl of grits (heaping with butter) and a pair of eggs (mine scrambled) with cheese & onions.

Now add in the "Sock it to me cake" which was the dessert of the day and you have full entry into 'the itis!"   All I wanted to do after that was curl up in a ball and sleep!

You can't go to Lo-Los's everyday, wel you could but. . . . But for a once a quarter binge it rocks!
Food was great! Definitely on my must visit list when I'm back in Phoenix.
Stopped in at Lo-Lo's after Disney on Ice about a week ago. We arrived on a Saturday night about 6 and to our surprise the place wasn't crowded..actually got a parking place right in front. When we walked in a woman yelled sit any where..then someone else yelled..y'all have to wait. so we waited..and waited. Mind you that several tables in plain view were available. After we were seated..without menus, we waited another 10 minutes before someone came back to the table with our menus..we didn't really need the menus for we have been to Lo-Lo's several times. Waited another 15 minutes for someone to take our order..a Betty Boop, a Tre Tre, a plain waffle for the child, 1 sweet tea, 1 unsweeted tea, 1 red kool-aid. Took another 10 minutes to get our drinks.  Again..not busy. The waitress brought out the Tre Tre and Betty Boop but not the waffle for our son..had to wait another 10 minutes to flag someone down to bring his waffle..long story short, the chicken and waffles were amazing as always, but the unsweeted tea was on the verge of souring..and the service was just plain awful. Lo-Lo's gets extremely buzy, especially on Sunday mornings and we have never had a problem, maybe it was an off night..but for the life of me I don't understand why it took us almost 2 hours for 3 pieces of fried chicken and 3 waffles.
I lived in LA for 4 years and ate at Roscoe's a lot. Lo-lo's is better by FAR.

Why? One word: gravy. 

The chicken is tender, juicy, and fried to perfection here. Not overly greasy. The waffles? Just perfect waffles with lots of flavor. The grits? Buttery. The Eggs? Tastes like crack when its scrambled with onions. The drinks/kool-aid? Ridiculous size. The gravy?

RIDICULOUS. Getting the gravy on the side is the best decision you'll ever make. Unlike Roscoe's, which pairs regular brown gravy, Lo-lo's pairs some sort of spiced and onioned concoction that reminds me of the drippings gravy you make on Turkey Day. I literally dipped my entire meal (waffles, grits, eggs) in this gravy and still couldn't get enough.

My only grip is that the Lo-lo's in Scottsdale takes amex, but this one doesn't. =(.

But seriously, Lo-lo's....could eat it every day. IN fact, we we're here for one week, and at Lo-lo's twice.

Oh yeah, the Red Velvet cake is RIDICULOUS.
Soul food in the desert!!!   I've only been to the Scottsdale location, so it's a bit too "clean" for my taste, but the food is a real treat.  Good break from the usual Mexican, chinese, pizza, etc.

Fried chicken with Gravy and Onions is my favorite.  Chicken loses some of its crispiness smothered in gravy, but that's a worthwhile trade off.  Sides are either really good or mediocre.  Avoid mac and cheese.  Very disappointing.  Red beans and rice are excellent. Collared greens are the best by far.  Spicy and hearty.  I'm not a big fan of grits, but they were creamy.  Service was a bit slow.  If you're planning on going during spring training, be weary of going after a Giants game as Lolo's is right down the street from the stadium and once the game's over, it gets really crowded and the service slows down more than usual.

Kool-Aid served in jugs?  Does it get any better than that?  I think not!

Red velvet cake is really moist and worth the trip by itself (slight exaggeration).

Price is a bit high, but portions are good and I didn't feel ripped off by any means.

Fun place and comfortable for the kids.
A little bit difficult to find and an off beat menu pairing but it was good. (Note:  despite the Yelp map showing it on the E side of Central, Lo-Lo's is actually West of Central two doors on the North side of Yuma).  The sign is small so keep your eyes open.

Walk in and the waiting area has several nice pieces of art displayed as well as a book section where you can enjoy a quick read in kind of a coffee house atmosphere.  If you have time.  The guy and the girl who were working staff were quick, polite, helpful and cheery.  We were seated right away.  Service was prompt and lightening fast, but I went before the noon rush with only 4 other parties when we arrived and 3 more that came along after us.  So I imagine it changes, YMMV

I had the Lil' Amadi combo opting for two thighs and a waffle plus a large Sweet Tea.  Chicken was great, flavorful and juicy but not too salty and the waffles crispy and tasty - cooked just right.  The Massive Kern mason jar of sweet tea was never empty thanks to prompt staff workers.  
Total of mine came in at $10.38, then I tipped 20%.  Fair fare price - LOL!  
Photos attached


YELPERS: This Place is another one of the gems I might never have found without browsing the selections on Yelp.  

Thanx Yelp for keeping it fresh.
This place was exceptional!  We went in Saturday morning - brunchish time, we had just a couple minute wait, the place was packed, but as soon we entered the front door, down to the waitress to the servers, everything was EXCEPTIONAL!  I ordered the KK's, more than enough food, the Red Kool-Aid was very delightful!  Chicken, grits, scrambled eggs!  All delicious!  Definitely going back at least once a month especially during those times of the month - ladies this will crave your appetite!  Love it!
Lolo's reminds me of the good old southern cooking I could find growing up in Columbia Mo. A lot of my friends mothers would cook great soul food and this reminds me of when I was a kid. 
Today was my second visit to this place. It was as good or better than the first time a few months ago. This time I have the "Betty Boop", a single waffle, with a huge chicken breast, with a side of bacon and a side of fried Okra. I was full half way through but kept eating because it was all sooo good!!! If your on a diet this can't be the best place to go, but if your skipping a day on your diet, or just don't care, then get over to this place for great food. It is located in the ghetto, but the place is very clean and the staff is friendly. Everyone is happy because of the great food and people!!
I can't really add anything that hasn't been said...Just go there! The wait can be obnoxious but thats a good sign if you ask me.

I always get the same thing...1 thigh, 1 breast (for later), greens, grits and sometimes the mac n cheese. Oh and sweet tea!! 

Just go...NOW
Chicken and Waffles DO NOT BELONG TOGETHER. Ew.

I understand that the world probably thinks I am the scum of the earth for giving Lo-Lo's such a low rating, however, I cannot bring myself to like greasy, nasty food.

Why is the Kool-aid flavored red? Why is it not called "Cherry"? These are the questions that haunt my dreams. 

Not only do I hate the food here, but why is it in the middle of no where? I had so much trouble finding it.

You may be wondering why I even bothered to come here in the first place... good question. 

It is safe to assume that I will NEVER step foot in this door again.
I visited Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles for the 1st time this past weekend. Thankfully I was meeting a few locals that knew to call in ahead to make a reservation, otherwise we would have had to wait a long while for a table. Though the restaurant is quite small, rather a "whole-in-the-wall" type of joint, I have to say the service was pretty excellent. The food servers were quick and to the point, no wasting time kind of service. I was in a party of 20 and our food orders came out within a few minutes and they are generous with their portions. I personally ordered the "Tre-Tre" (2 drumsticks and 1 waffle) and added a side order of 2 eggs scrambled and a side order of corn bread. The menu prices are inexpensive too! Major Plus! Just be sure to bring cash if you are in a large party because they will only be able to split the bill into 2 seperate checks.
Lo-Lo's you are so ghetto fabulous I don't even know what to do with myself. Actually, I do: order the Tre-Tre, mac and cheese, and a side of cornbread. And just bask in the culinary amazing-ness that is fried chicken and waffles. That's right, I just said bask in reference to breakfast foods. 

Lo-Lo's is no ordinary breakfast fare; it can be enjoyed any time of the day. I prefer it after a few stiff drinks, when my cravings become insatiable. But let's get down to business:

Get the "red" kool-aid to drink. It's a little sweet, and I usually water mine down a bit. It's much better than the lemonade which is really tart. 

I like the Tre-Tre for my main entree because it comes with two legs that are good to da bone and very easy to manage. 

For sides, because I am like a ravenous animal at Lo-Lo's, I get the mac and cheese and cornbread. The mac and cheese is out of control delicious. It has baked cheese on top, and it is super creamy underneath the hard shell. I feel like a barnyard pimp when I eat the cornbread because of the large portion. It is very moist as well (I usually put a little syrup from the waffles on it.). 

You don't have to be hood rich to eat at Lo-Lo's either. Everything is more than reasonably priced. All in all, I love dis place!!
Apparently, someone was fired from Roscoes Chicken N Waffles in LA, moved to Phoenix, opened their own restaurant, changed the name and a few recipes (not the waffles) and BOOM! Lo Los Chicken N Waffles. Here's my review.

Location: SUCKS. I thought my GPS was malfunctioning when it told me I had arrived at my destination. Hole in the wall shack on the corner of a busy street across from a fenced up empty lot. There goes the ambiance.  

Actual Restaurant: Too small and cramped. Very mediocre looking. Lots of signage written in Ebonics, menu items had ghetto names, Kool Aid flavors (Who puts Kool Aid on a menu and charges $2 for some colored sugar water?!) were Blue Raspberry, Tropical Punch, and Red....WTF is RED?!  

Employees: Cordial. Wouldn't say friendly. One copped an attitude when I told her this place was just like Roscoes.

The Food: I had the Sheedahs Special (1 breast 1 wing 1 waffle) and a side of Mac and cheese. The chicken was very salty. Salt does not equal flavor. The waffle was DELICIOUS. Just like Roscoes. The macaroni and cheese I was appalled by. How dare someone use cream of mushroom soup to make Mac and cheese with! That's a cheap way to make it creamy. I was sickened. 2 bites and I was done.

Maybe I'm just spoiled by Sistahs Soul Food in Long Beach or the REAL chicken and waffles joint who've I've named several times already but I couldn't see what all the hype was about. Lo Los is for people who have Lo Lo standards for soul food apparently. Don't think I'll make the visit again
Man, Lolo's makes some great food. I zealously ordered way too much (and ate every bite). I had the #10 - the Tre Tre - two legs and a waffle, with a side of smothered potatoes. When I asked what the potatoes were smothered with I got quite a look from the waiter. ("What a white girl," he probably thought.)

I got over my original white-girl fear and smeared plenty of hot sauce on my chicken then dipped that goodness into the syrup and wrapped it all in a bit of waffle. Oh yeah, it hit the spot!

My friends all had similar items, but different sides. The collards are true southern greens, the fried okra is perfect and the beans on rice has great flavor. This is the mother of all weekend breakfast/brunch meals. Delight in its glory!
Oh.my.gosh.  I LOVE this place!  We read about Lolo's in a magazine and stopped by on our way out of town.  I'm so glad we did!  Their chicken was some of the best I've had anywhere--way better than Roscoe's!    The waffles have a great flavor and were crisp.  I love the collard greens, too.  It's definitely worth the trip and the wait!  I can't wait for a return trip to Phoenix to try more sides and get more of those chicken and waffles!
This was the first time I visited Lo-Lo's and compared to Roscoe in Long Beach, the chicken and waffles were alot tastier.  The fried chicken was moist and not gresy.  The service was friendly and efficient.  The collard greens were also delicious.
****NEWS FLASH****

Lolo's now has the BLUE kool-aide! ::dies::

Hubs and I found ourselves on the south side of Phoenix last night, I looked at him and said we are right by Lolo's, no other discussion was needed. 

The waffles were even more amazing then the last time, if that is even possible. The chicken was fantastic, looove me the Betty Boop!
This is no Roscoe's chicken and waffles. They also do not have AC inside this place. You are warned if you come here during the summer. I ate here in 115 degree weather and it literally destroyed my meal. All I did was down fruit punch. I couldn't enjoy my chicken and waffles. The food isn't bad here it's just bad to eat here in the heat. Please ADD some AC and I'll return here.
After reading so many great reviews about this place, I just had to give it a try. My experience was not as great as all the Hype. As soon as I arrived after circling the block looking for a place to park, I was greeted by a redicoulos wait in line, outside in the Arizona Blazing sun. Did I mention there is no shade and it"s HOT outside. As soon as you get inside and sit down, you'll realize it"s even hotter inside, then add in the humidity from everyone sweating cause it"s so crowded in there. Nothing like sweating your butt off as you eat your food! As for the food, it was good. Fried chicken was fantastic and the Macaroni and cheese is splendid! Unfortunetly I wasn't impressed with the waffles :( they wernt bad but not good either. My suggestion would be to visit this establishment during arizonas cooler months Nov-April unless you like sweat with your food.
I'm with Kirstin E. - the Betty Boop is the way to go!  My office is *almost* within walking distance and I'd eat here every day if I didn't require a nap after doing so.  This place is a Phoenix institution....I looooves it!
Suki suki now!

This is some damn good food.  Best fried chicken in my life.  Tha Mac and cheese was ok...not special but good.  The service was awesome!  The servers were literally hugging us as we left.  

About $15 a person...not cheap but worth it.
kind of a hole in the wall place, but the best chicken & waffles I've had!
My Cousin swore I would love it. He is full of Sh*t most of the time, so I checked it out. Damn you! You were right - I love this place! 

Got there before the lunch crowd and found seating easily. Started with the sweet tea (Dayum it is good!). Was in Jacksonville not too long ago at a BBQ place and I thought their sweet tea was good, no way - LoLo's has it dialed in! 

Had the LoLo's plate - A (2) waffle, 3 piece of chicken, then I added a side of Grits. Grits came with a square of butter melting on top. I thought it made it sweeter. I thought the grits were a little overcooked, but the butter made them really good! Was able to sample the cornbread... WOW!

The Chicken. Probably the best fried chicken I have ever had in my life! The Waffles - a light sweetness in the batter with a toasty taste. Did I die?
Needless to say, I finished half the waffles, 2 pieces of chicken and the grits and I am good for 24 hours! Satisfaction has been reached! I gotta try the koolaid and the mac and cheese next time. I will be back.
Best chicken and waffles in the universe hands down. This spot is always packed. every time im in the valley of the sun i have to stop in. You never know who will be there. The shirts that the the staff wear are priceless....So hood. love this place and the kool aid in the mason jars are the shiz- nit!
Amazing soul food! I've been craving Sweet Tea since my internship in North Carolina last summer, and Lolo's definitely hit the spot. I ordered two chicken breasts and the waffles (the toy-toy), but everything our group got looked scrumptious. The macaroni and cheese is especially delicious!

What are you waiting? Head to Lolos for southern style soul food :)
Dear Lo-Lo's why do you have to be so damn good!?  I really wish that when I had you last weekend you had been dry and tasteless so that I wouldn't have to come back and eat Fried Chicken and Waffles again... but now you have made me an addict to your delicious mouth-watering juicy breasts & thighs... Woah where is this going?! LOL Thank goodness you do takeout for now my husband will have to do his husbandly duty and pick me up a piece or two on his way home from work.... 

Truly wonderful... I never had waffles with fried chicken before and I'm not sure why I was so surprised at how great this pairing would be but I was... Great service, everyone was friendly and upbeat and seemed to actually enjoy working there which is definitely a PLUS! ;-) I love you Lo-lo's!
I've been eating here for a while now,and this has to be the best chicken I ever had beside the waffles.they batter is thin,sweet and crsipy with no skin.there sweet tea and lemonade makes a perfect arnold palmer.thet kool-aid will send you into a sugar comma.so good.roscoes ain't got sh*t on this place,everything is classic soul food with a twist thanks to his mommas breakfast and brunch house,"miss whites golden rule:it is a must eat spot,top on my az list,if you don't know know .now ya know,quality at its finest,stay classy yelpers
Great service and amazing food. Maximum calories per dollar.  Just AWESOME!
I had higher hopes for this place, the chicken wasn't well seasoned there was no kick to it. Corn bread was too sweet, the only thing I did enjoy from this joint was the rice with gravy. Overrated! I give it a 2.5.
THIS PLACE IS small. REALLY REALLY small.  Good thing theyr'e planning to build a new one.

I got take out and drove 20 minutes back to work.  Not Good.  My stomach was growling at me - loud enough I could focus on nothing else.  They gave me melted butter, hot sauce & syrup with my chicken & waffle.  I'm so full right now.  Fat & Happy.  Very very happy.
I'll admit, I was a little skeptical when I heard "chicken and waffles". It's just a curious combination, especially having grown up in the Northwest. This idea is all new to me.

Then my food arrived. I was no longer a skeptic. I could swear I had a full half of a chicken in my three pieces, and they were smothered in some delicious form of gravy, which I could have just as easily poured straight down my gullet. The chicken was cooked to perfection, as were the waffles. Even having everything mixed together on one plate which could barely contain all of that food didn't deter me one bit.

I do not have a single complaint about this place. Everything was amazing.
The waffles are some of the best I've ever had. I'm not much of a fried chicken kinda guy so I can't tell you if thats any good. 

Customer service could be friendlier. We saw our waitress when she took our order and when she brought our food. She never checked up on us to ask if we needed any refills or anything else.

Maybe the one in Scottsdale has better service.
I heard about this place from overhearing a conversation at a table behind me at another restaurant.  The folks were raving about it.  I had never heard of chicken and waffles before and the thought intrigued me.  I went by myself to check it out before I told friends or brought anyone with me....pretty skeptical.   I was blown away!  The food was AMAZING, the service was phenomenal and all the staff was extremely warm and friendly.  I honestly felt like I was a guest at a friends home for dinner.  I have "invited myself" back several times since and has been phenomenal each time.
A little hard to find and the exterior may throw you off but you would be making a HUGE mistake to not enter one of the best soul food gems in AZ. The staff is more amazing than the food and that is not an insult to the food but as a restaurant mangers view just as important. Friendly- funny- upbeat. Go early or you may have to wait outside. The word is out and its a 4 star place I will go back to.
I wish we had more people with us so that there was a reason to order everything on the menu.  My coworker called me up and said let's go to lunch.  She asked me what I was in the mood for and said I hadn't been able to stop thinking about chicken and waffles for the last week.  She said she'd been craving chicken and waffles all morning.  This is why we're friends and not just coworkers.  So we met halfway at Lo-Lo's.
F-N-A-Cotton!  The nicest people ever are working here. I just wanted to skip the rest of work and just hang out all day and chat with the employees, make room for red velvet cake, and drink sweet tea.  Next time....
You must get the stupid fries.  You can share these ooooooorrrrr eat them as a meal if you don't feel like waffles.  Fries, peppers, chicken, cheese, and gravy.  There may be more things included, but it really doesn't matter because they were bomb and that's all you need to know.
Mac and Cheese = BOMB
Chicken and Waffles.... Really?  You need me to review this?  Amazing!! If you've never had chicken and waffles before, you have no idea what you're missing.  It's like heaven on my tongue.  Sweet sweet juicy fried chicken and waffle heaven.
I can't wait until I save room to try the red velvet cake!!!
My P.I.C. has decided to only eat: teriyaki flavored jerkey, hot cheetos, jack in the box chicken sandwiches, and nestle ice cream cones for the rest of her pregnancy so I did not get the culinary experience I was looking forward to this trip to AZ. But we did eat here.

And the food was really good. If I didnt know any better I would say there's nothing different between roscoes chicken and Lo Lo's or the waffle which is a good thing to me. I suggest not ordering the "breakfast potatoes' they were frozen potatoes that had been deep fried with sauteed peppers and onion thrown on top they look a lot better then they actually were. This place has one up on Roscoe's by giving unlimited refills on the kool aid. They had purple (grape), red (fruit punch), and lemonade. And they serve it in large cups like the ones you get at lucilles Bbq. 

This will become the "usual" the more I go to AZ.
I was visiting Phoenix for the first time and Yelped what seemed to be the best place to eat.  Lo-Lo's popped up towards the top of the list.  I've never had chicken and waffles before - I'm not a huge fan of fried chicken (waffles are OK), but wanted to try it out at least once.  This seemed like a good place to go....although I had a feeling the place was going to be overrated. 

While I don't know the Phoenix area well, the restaurant seemed to be located in the industrial boonies - the street looked a bit sketchy, and there was this ghettoish sign painted on a building pointing you to the way of Lo-Lo's.  There was plenty of street parking, and I don't recall seeing a parking lot.  It's a cute looking shop - shaped like a tiny house decorated with some neon lights.  

The place is small - I recall about 6 or 7 tables and the restaurant had most of the tables occupied on a Friday night.  Definitely not a place for big groups unless you want to take over the entire restaurant.  It's a casual spot - waiter service is casual as well.  You don't have a dedicated waiter - they have 2 or 3 people on staff to help the customers as needed (which makes sense for such a small place).

I'm not quite sure why, but it took us a little while to order - there were a decent amount of items on the menu, but because the menu items were mainly combinations of the same thing, we were confused on what/how to order.  For our party of 3, we ended up ordering (I think):  Baby Ray ($13 or 12), Lo-Lo's ($12 or 11), and Stupid Fries ($8).  This place should really be a $$ rating vs. $ - our total bill including tax ended up to be a bit over $40 including tax & tip.  This was just for 2 entrees and 1 appetizer.

Food came in a reasonable amount of time - probably about 10 to 15 minutes.  Portions were reasonably sized - not too big or small.  We had 5 or 6 pieces of chicken and 4 or 5 waffles to share.  The chicken was OK - I didn't find anything special about it.  Meat was tender and the crust was OK.  It helped adding some hot sauce and vinegar to help enhance the flavor.  Waffles were OK - could have been a bit better if the outside was crispier.  

Overall, this place was OK - it wasn't exactly a place to rave home about.  One of the people at our table compared it to Roscoe's and said it was about the same or Roscoe's was a bit better.
This place is sooo good!!  You can order anything on the menu and it will be outstanding.  The only thing that was terrible was that the food was so fresh and so hot that you cant immediately dig in and eat (I burnt my mouth on the chicken, lol).  It smelt soo good that I couldn't wait for it to cool down.  But I would rather have my food extremely fresh and hot!
Yes five stars. Get the chicken and waffles. Just do it. You won't regret it. I had the #8- one breast and one waffle. I also tried the fried okra and it was awesome! It is crowded but worth the wait.  Go!
Lo-Lo's Rocks!

Everything that I've tried on the menu is great. 

The fried chicken is always moist and tender, and the waffles are always warm and yummy.

I also love getting a big mason jar of cold and sweet kool aid.

Unique menu, great food, and cold kool aid, gives Lo-Lo's five stars.
Come for chicken & waffles, stay for kool-aid in a mason jar, candied sweets, buttered grits... leave with diabetes.
I have a strange habit of always searching for chicken and waffles in any city that I visit. 
So there I was in Phoenix for the weekend and I came across reviews for Lo-Lo's. The reviews looked right, so off we went...

I can see why some people say it's located in a sketchy area, but everyone knows that's where you find the best food!
It was about 1pm on a Saturday and the place was packed, but we got seated right away. 

I had the number 3, Lo-Lo's - 3 piece, 2 waffles, and a side of corn bread. My girlfriend had Puff's Chicken Tender Basket and we shared some mac & cheese.

The food was excellent, especially the corn bread! 
The service was great, we had about 4-5 different people walk by and ask us how we were doing.

Also, I loved the mason jars.

See you next time I'm in Phoenix!
Definitely going to make this a normal visit instead of waiting 3 years to try it.  Kool Aid in a Mason Jar was all I needed to see to know this was not going to be a typical dining experience and something to remember.  Food was amazing, the staff was friendly and the prices for the portions were more than fair.  Only the off beat location prevents me from making this a 5 star review.
first time going to LoLo's.  will definitely be going back.  since we'd never been there before, spoke with patron at table next to us, explaining it was our first visit, and asked what he would suggest we order.  since there were two of us, he suggested ordering the #3 and then getting a couple of side items.  we did order the #3 to split and then ordered mac & cheese, smothered potatoes and grits.  great way to sample a few of their offerings.  left definitely feeling satisfied.  thank you kind sir for your suggestion.
This place is awesome and the food is great!  went for breakfast to have the Chicken and Waffles which I never had in my life.  Will be back soon as it was great!
I was craving some really good fried chicken so I found Lo-Lo's on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  My daughter and I shared the Soul Food Platter (3 pcs of chicken) with a Waffle & Buttered Corn.  My husband had the Toy-Toy (2 wings & a waffle).

They brought out our drinks in the traditional mason jar-looking glasses.  And when our food came, I instantly smelled the intoxicating combination of fried goodness and sweet waffles.  The chicken was moist and crispy.  Not too salty.  The waffle had a great chewiness to it.  The buttered corn was, well, buttery and cooked well - soft with just enough bite.

I do have to say that I was disappointed in the Sockittome cake.  It was moist but wasn't very flavorful.

The place is super small so it wouldn't be a great idea to go with a large group.

Other than that...the food was pretty good.  Not THE best fried chicken I've ever had, but still very tasty.
It's sad when the best part of a meal isn't even what a restaurant is known for,  I'll keep it short and SWEET.

The chicken was mediocre.
The waffles were good.
The grits were ok, as best as I could tell, given it was my first time eating grits.
The ambiance wasn't great, but about what I expected, given the location.
The location was scary.
The service was functional.
The best part of the meal was the SWEET tea served in a mason jar...and I do mean SWEET!

I can't say I'd want to go back, but might if others wanted to.  I would offer some other restaurant choices, if asked.
Hungover? Check. 
Hungy? Check. 
Downtown? Check

Means one thing I need something filling and greasy and the best plan was Lo-Lo's for me and my friends. Waking up on a Sunday morning and needing food we quickly decided that chicken and waffles was the only correct choice.

I ordered a arnold palmer with sweet tea and my friends got grape and red koolaid. All the drinks were great and served in some pretty large mason jars. The Arnold palmer with it's mix of sweet flavors and bitter bite of lemon was a great way to wake up and get some fluids of the non-alcoholic kind.

For food I got the Baby Ray's which is chicken covered in gravy and onions and some waffles. It was great the chicken was super moist inside and the flavors of the chicken, gravy and waffles make a savory bite that was as pleasing to the stomach as it was the tongue.  The gravy was just enough to cover the chicken but not so much it was too much. The waffles have a spice in them that i think is nutmeg but makes very flavorful on it's own without syrup. 

The meal was exactly what i needed to get me up and back to normal...sadly it was so good I ate so much I needed a glorious food coma to recover. I can't wait till I can come back and try the other goodies like Mac and Cheese or cornbread. Even the fried fish sounds good.
Umm.. Waffles ! 

Ok, I love Chicken & Waffles. I travel all the way to the "hood" for my fix. I wait an average of 20 mins for a table.. Because I usurally want LoLos on a weekend & its always busy when I go. I have no complants really in the food department. BUT I do not like the cornbread. It's just off. I do however think that the Scottsdale location is better, maybe because of the location they need to stay on their game.. maybe because the cliental is a bit different and won't come back for a second round if the food isnt exact.. ( you get my drift ) but Usurally the chicken is great , Mac is creamy, and I can expect what I am paying for.. 

But a side bar. - On my recent visit to LoLos ( downtown ) they had a large sign of the new building they are putting in place of the old one.. BUT WHY where they taking donations for it ? Why are they asking the public to donate so THEY can build a new place ? I hate to be the one to say this.. ( AND YES I AM AFRICAN AMERICAN ) But black people ! We must do better. I would never walk into Houstons or Durants and see a Big box for donations so they could build a new location... I never see them doing any charity or giving back.. And hell They just raised the prices on the menu when they built the new place.. So what gives... 

Anyhow.. LoLos.. Great food. .. Don't sleep on the waffle :)
Smothered Chicken is the bomb.  Reminded me of my Grandmothers.  Will be back soon
So I shouldn't eat refined carbohydrates...but if I'm goin to Lo-Lo's I'm gonna tear it up! I took my niece Ivy on Monday...actually she paid so who took who, right? Anyway...we arrived right at 9am when they opened and sat right down. The waiters were cool and cute...made sure the table was freshly wiped down and brought the high chair for baby John Ford with a smile. I ordered the #2 Baby Ray...3 smothered chicken thighs with gravy and onions, 2 waffles, and a side of grits, and even though I suffer from "Sugar Diabetis" as my family still calls it...yeah, I admit my white trash culture...I ordered a jar of Red Kool-Aid Drank. Man...it's worth the risk of diabetic coma...the sweetest Kool-Aid Drank ever...tastes like summer! The food was amazing as always...the waffles have a hint of cinnamon ...smothered in butter didn't even need the warm syrup! The chicken was delicious, and the grits were creamy and soooo comforting! My niece said Lo-Lo's was the best chicken and waffles she ever had...and she's had 'em in Oakland!!! 
We were both very disappointed there was no red velvet cake...but had sock-it-to-me instead that was like pound cake on crack! Like a cinnamon roll banged a pound cake! 
I spent the rest of the day napping and farting...heaven!
I have been here before and I usually get the chicken and waffles and they are good. Today is the first time I decided to get something different the soulfood platter. 3 pieces of fried chicken 2 sides and corn bread I got mac n cheese and green beans. They were delicious the green beans had lots of flavor and a little heat and the mac n cheese very creamy.
OMG- I cannot believe it's taken me this long to experience Lo-Lo's! Having lived in Phoenix for quite some time now, I find it very sad that I've just discovered the awesomeness that is Lo-Lo's, but now that I have I am happy to say I can go back whenever I want. 

I found the service to be very prompt and friendly. You could tell the people liked working here, and who wouldn't with access to some of the best waffles and chicken I've ever tasted. Now, I've been to Rosco's Chicken and Waffles in LA and I've got to confess, the chicken tastes similar at both. It is fried to perfection with just the right amount of seasonings. Where the two places differ, in my humble opinion, is the waffles. Lo-Lo's wins hands down in my opinion. The waffles are to DIE for! I don't know what it was, maybe the butteriness, maybe the syrup, or just the waffle batter, but man oh man was it good! We took home a piece for the red velvet cake and didn't get to it until 3 days later and it was pretty good... it probably would have been WAY better fresh that day, but we were TOO full to partake. 

Anyways, I can't wait to go back, but I've just got to lose the LBS I gained from the first meal- then I can return!
to be honest i go to lo-lo's maybe once a month.  now that's out of the way...

well, if you do find the location because i've passed by a few times it's ghetto.  i guess with the ghetto location there is more tlc in preparing the meals.  lol.  okay, once you are inside the seating is a tight fit.  we have been sat by the soda machine and the bathrooms.  i guess if you have a larger party they will sit you on the far side of the restaurant which has about 6 inches of more room.

it may sound like i'm complaining but i love the whole atmosphere!!!  if you do eat here while it's packed with customers this place gets very loud.  

onto the food.  since i have eaten here on average once a month i have not had one bad meal.  the chicken is very moist and not too greasy.  the waffles are awesome.  the chicken strips are great.  my pops loves the catfish.

the service is a hit and miss.  i want to believe the servers are doing their best.  but it seems when the customer traffic is light the service is great.  and when the customer traffic is heavy the wait and quality of service becomes compromised.

if you have not tried it go and try it at least once.

damn, now i'm hungry!
For some I assume this would be a grand experience. My guess is that it would be for the same people who would label this as a "Soul Food" restaurant. In my home however, it is simply food. Regular old, Sunday night  food. Good food: absolutely. Exceptional food: nah. 

Maybe this is because  the mac and cheese and fried chicken taste exactly the same as what I place on my table for family get-togethers. However, if it is food that you do not know how to cook on your own I would suspect that you'd find it delightful. 

Pros: mac & cheese and fried chicken are very good. Homefries are to die for. Good service and drinks are served in jars (gotta love that).

Cons: You have to wait in the blistering heat to be seated, the place is extremely small and don't be fooled by the Famous red velvet cake. It taste like red cornbread with icing and walnuts. Very good icing and walnuts but all the same just a spiced up cornbread.

Overall: Good experience. Good food and yes if I head out of Cali to Phoenix again I will go back.
Nothing special, expensive 3-piece chicken dinner $20, OUCH!!!! Atmosphere ok, hole in the wall with limited menu.. 

You gotta be kidding.......I will not go back.
Cozy place, great amounts of food for little money, they serve koolaide!!!!  Its all great I loved it both times so far, once in 2003 when I went to review it for the school newspaper, and again 8 years later when I drove by it and the nostalgia made me try it again with the fiance
Who knew that Chicken and Waffles would be so good together? Sure didn't, yet am so glad I tried it out. Wow that's good. Yeah it sounds odd, but the flavors are beautiful. Very pleased with this lunch!
This is the first restaurant that I've been asked to leave because there were customers waiting outside.  We waited about 10 minutes to get in; sat down and received water and coffee, 5 minutes later put in our order and received our food within ~7 minutes.  We ate and chatted.  As soon as we got the bill the young gal said we needed to hurry and leave because there were customers waiting for seats.  To boot the food wasn't that good either.
Maybe I am missing out since I don't eat Chicken but I just don't get it.

We arrived for lunch at 11:30 and had to wait outside for a table.  Once we had a table the menu was simple combos of chicken parts, eggs grits and waffles. Choose your combo and it has a number and a name.

I had the Nay Nay $8 2 waffles 2 eggs and grits.  The waffles were nothing special at all and a bit under cooked in my book. The eggs were just eggs and the grits were soaked in butter and flavorless. If I am going for a hear attack at least I want to enjoy the taste, or get good value. 

My co workers also got a jar of kool-aid, this a diabedic shock inducing concoction that is so sweet it is viscous $2.50 with refills. 

I say go to say you tried it and that is about it.
This is about the 7th place around the country that I've had Chicken & Waffles. Very authentic, the atmosphere is what it should be.
Service- outstanding, very helpful and friendly- 4stars
Drinks- big cool bottles- 4 stars
Collard Greens - spicy, tasty, make your momma proud and eat some- 5 stars
Mac N cheese - not that great, I mean it's better than the out of the box stuff, but after reading the reviews I expected more of the gourmet style. - 3 stars
Red Velvet cake- a bit dry and bland- 3 stars

Will I return next time I'm in the area- sure thing
What is not to like about this place? I can get amazing fried chicken, a huge, flavorful waffle with warm syrup and butter, and Kool-Aid in a Mason jar! How good can Kool-Aid be, you ask? Just come here and find out. It's the best you'll ever have. Not to mention the fact that their southern-style cooking is some of the best you'll find out here in Arizona too. I've eaten at Roscoe's House of Chicken in Waffles in LA, which was the place that got the whole chicken and waffle trend started, and I can tell you that LoLo's outdoes them on every level. The people that work here are awesome and make great recommendations to first-timers. I've been here three times since first trying it back in April and I plan to go back any chance I get.
lo-los's food is amazing. way better than roscoes chicken n waffles.

compared to roscoes:
the waffles taste the same, the chicken taste better, getting drinks in mason
jars was pretty cool, the corn bread and mac n cheese was way better than roscoes. but what gives lo-lo's the better restaraunt is the service. the service is very friendly. our orders were right when we received our food. the servers kept coming back to check on things and refill drinks.

i also dont know of too many restaraunts that have a kool-aid
logo in the beverage section
Sweet tea was delicious.  Fried Chicken was OK.

The waffles here are so LEGIT!... barely had to use any syrup as the waffles were so tasty with just the butter and the waffle itself.  The waffles were just milky goodness and it was a sad times when I finished them off.  I kept thinking about the waffles for the rest of my entire trip to PHX. 

4/5 :)
Good food, cool place to go. Reminds me of home.
Ok, for me if there's one thing that comes close to Buffet, it's a fried chicken place!  Thus, I wasn't about to miss the opportunity to get together with Robyn N. & Arlin B. today & have lunch today at this busy little place.  It was my first visit, & here's how it struck me:

*  Funky, unique, fun atmosphere & vibe about the place.  It's a screwy building to start with, then your water or beverage shows up in a quart canning jar, & so on!  FUN IS GOOD!!

*  Our service was prompt & attentive, & the staff members made it clear that they were glad we came here to eat!  These really nice people helped make the experience special.  FRIENDLY IS GOOD!!

*  Somewhat unusual (for me anyway), very tasty food overall.  DIFFERENT IS GOOD!!

*  Then, OMG, the chicken!!  TERRIFIC FRIED CHICKEN IS GOOD!!     :-))
I gave this place 2 stars only because it's the best tasting chicken waffles in town...wait it's the ONLY one in town! Food is actually good. Tastes just like it sounds. But don't expect much in the service department. 

Also what kind of breakfast places doesn't open until 9am?!? Laziness or stupidity? I would think if you wanted to survive this economy, it may be wise to not only cater to the unemployed and retirees that have the luxury of enjoying breakfast after 9am. ? Don't most of us need to get to work by then?!? 

Oh well, I'm sure a chicken and waffles spot will have plenty of success in SCOTTSDALE!
I'm in Phoenix for work right now and of course, I looked to Yelp for a good place to eat. Once again, I was not let down. The food was good, but more importantly, the staff was very polite, friendly and attentive. More restaurants need to take notes from Lo-Lo's customer service. I was greeted by three different people upon walking in. I feel like a lot of places lack that friendliness nowadays. Sometimes I feel lucky if someone even acknowledges my presence when I go out to eat.

As for the food, I ordered #10, side of mac & cheese and cornbread. I think I fell in love most with the chicken and corn bread. Also, the sweet tea is on point!

As I was shoveling food into my mouth, the owner or perhaps manager, comes up to me and asked "you're eating alone?" All I could do was giggle considering my mouth was full of fried chicken and mac & cheese. Sir, if I could've spoken at the time, I would've let you know that I would gladly sit alone, look like a loner and eat at your establishment because it's delicious.
Extra yummy with a side, oh wait...two sides of awesome!  The food was great, the service was GREAT (even with 15 of us at the table) and well...the food was GREAT.  If you are going in a group, decide to share sides, they are large and you can get more variety by not being selfish :-)
I get take out from here all the time.  It is really unhealthy food but it is authentic, delicious soul food.  Consistently good from week to week.  The place is small and it takes a bit to get your food but it is worth it.
This was sooo good.  It was one the recommendations from our hotel.  It was a little out of the way for us and there was a bit of a wait, but it was worth it.

They have a great menu for everyone with any appetite.   I would warn you, this is not a place for those on a diet.  It is great down home, soul food cooking at it's finest.  Order a few things to get a sample, but you obviously have to get chicken and waffles.... they are good, really good.  The chicken was crispy and moist.  The waffle was the size of my plate.  It was light and fluffy.  A little maple syrup... some hot sauce... Heaven I tell you!  I was so happy.

The mac and cheese was good... not great.  The corn bread was dense, but not overly so. The sweet tea was a bit too sweet and needs to be cut.  My wife ordered the salad.  It was delicious.  They were generous with the chunks of fried chicken and other toppings, with a nice portion of mixed greens.

This was one of the best meals I have had in Phoenix.
During a recent road trip, a chef friend sent me a link to www.roadfood.com so I could try some interesting eateries along the drive from Green Valley to Goodyear. The site suggested Lo-Lo's, and Yelpers agreed. We didn't have to make a major detour off the freeway.

We parked on the street and entered a modest restaurant with bars on the window. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=KUUUNkwR7yzcX2o38AYTQQ No biggie. We received a warm welcome and got friendly service.

We ordered:

* 2 waffles with 3 pieces of chicken - I liked the waffles a lot. I still am not sure I "get" chicken with waffles, but I'm testing it out. I liked the chicken, but wasn't completely blown away by it.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=3fY_2vL-zR4xXiKuhDjRgA
* 1 plain waffle for our 5-year-old - Thumbs up from the kid.
* Grits - Lumpy and plain, but still nice in a simple carb sort of way. As a California girl, I know almost nothing about grits.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=UP5-xhOoSN3C3JLURcrXJA
* Chili and corn muffin - The chili was made with beans and beef, and was delicious. The corn muffin seemed pretty dry - waffles are way better here. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=PojMqwuCAdilemZILlH1AA
* Mac n' cheese - Creamy and satisfying. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=apV6OcH9iItBhrm8An33nw
* Collard greens - Spicy, the flavor seemed a bit muddled, but it was a-okay. 
* Red velvet cake - This was one of the best RV cakes I've tried. Incredibly moist (how did they do it?), very sweet, with fresh pecans on the frosting. I recommend ordering a slice to go, since you'll likely be to full to enjoy it after eating all this heavy food. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=l12Isv2RMc5q0LRuYmD4wA

I was glad to have found this special soul food restaurant. We left feeling totally stuffed and very impressed.
I thought the idea of chicken and waffels was kind of werid, that's mainly why I wanted to go. But this place was awesome! There waffels are really good, they have a great flavor. The chicken is really good as well, I also had their cheese grits. I really recommend everything I had and think you should stop by if you get the chance.
A-mazing. The restaurant is small and cramped, but the food is spectacular, service is extremely friendly and efficient. My husband had  Chicken & waffles, and I had Bre Bre's chicken salad, both were phenomenal. We also took red velvet cake to go, so so so so good.
I cannot live without Lo-Lo's.  It is INSANE.  Juicy, juicy chicken, crispy waffles....mind blowing.  I alternate between the Betty Boop and the Tre Tre.  I actually prefer their dark meat as I find it tastier.  Either way though, you can't go wrong.  Skip the Scottsdale location and go to the OG place on Yuma.  Oh..and get the sweet tea! Tooth rot in a jar, but so good!
I dined at Lo-Lo's for the 1st time this past Sunday. I called ahead after leaving church to make reservations for a party of 5. I was told our wait would be 20 mins. By the time our party was there & spoke to the girl at the podium. We were told that the person that answered the phone NEVER relayed the message to the person who actually keeps the list & gets the guests seated. Needless to say we waited about 45 mins & watched as several other groups of people who also called ahead were forced to wait among those walking up. Although we didn't mind the waiting; it was a lil discomforting to have that happen. Once we did get inside service was prompt & our order taken immediately. One of our guests did have issues with his order. Apparently he always orders an omelettes & we were told that the person who usually does omelettes was not there so he could not get it. He ordered something else & again it was a no-go. That sucked quite a bit but all in all the experience was fun & I definitely wouldn't mind going again.
I visited this location a few months ago for the first time, and returned for my second visit the very next day. 
I got their standard chicken and waffle plate on my first visit, and just chicken and macaroni the next day.
Both visits were pleasant and the food was delicious.
My only criticism is that the waffles I got were a bit on the thin side. I've had chicken and waffles from many different soul food places all over the US and in comparison LoLo's waffles were just okay. The chicken on the other hand was A+. It was tender and juicy and well fried.
I see myself coming back here again.
I came here looking for something I had never had together: chicken and waffles. The chicken legs were fantastic, but the waffles were so so. Either way, I washed it down with some "drank." LOL! I may come here again, but it won't be for at least a year before I recover from the calorie coma!
Original Lo Lo's....This really has to be the easiest review I have ever done. The service is great and very personable. Everyone asked us if we needed a refill or needed help (not just our waitress).. GREAT SERVICE!!! They really make you feel at home and have stayed grounded even though EVERYONE wants them to become a major chain. 5 stars. And did I mention how Great the food is. I really need to start trying other things but the chicken and waffles are to GOOD to turn down. If you have not had Lo Lo's, get there soon. Definitely at the top of my Yelp list..
Yummmmm! Everything was tasty, the koolaid took me back! Wish we had saved room for red velvet cake!
I've eaten at this restaurant on many, many occasions and it is always great.  Lines are sometimes out the door, but the wait is worth it.  They have collard greens, fried okra, the best sweet potatoes I've ever had, and best of all, some really good fried chicken.  The catfish and chips basket is perfectly cooked and always great.  Go hungry, because the portions are generous.  One of these days, I'm going to have a slice of the wonderful looking Red Velvet cake on the counter.  If it's as good as the rest of Lo Lo's food, I'll be in heaven.
I drove two hours to try what other reviewers called "the best chicken in the US." Really?? Don't get me wrong, it was good, but it wasn't the best fried chicken I've ever had, and the customer service was ridiculous. Stank attitude all around from our waitress (for no dang reason).

Ruined my meal to tell you the truth, so I asked for their infamous red velvet cake to go. She put it in a paper bag and nearly slammed it on the table before walking off. I can't even tell you if I liked the cake. I was so mad by then, I just wanted to leave. 

Not really what I call one of my better experiences.
Awesome soul food. Best fried chicken in town!!! Not very healthy, but definitely worth a 1-3 visits annually.
I wish Yelp had a "6th" Star to award restaurants sometimes! I would give one to Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles.... based on my dinner this past Friday night.

First off, we ended up here almost by accident. I made the drive with my wife and daughter on Friday evening from Scottsdale to downtown Phoenix to visit Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe.... only to learn they are now closing at 7PM every night! :(   They used to be open till 3am on Friday and Saturday nights.

But... they did inform us that Lo-Lo's was open and it was not too far away... so off we went. 

They place was busy... and they sat us towards the back. But the service was crazy good!!! 

You really need to spend a few good minutes acquainting yourself with the menu. I was laughing my ass off at the menu items! "Stupid Fries", "Phat Azz Samich", "Crazy Ghetto Mess", "A Jar Of Drank"! Just to name a few.

The best "line" of the night... my wife asks our waiter, "How are the 'stupid fried'?" His reply.... They're Stupid...............(long pause)..... GOOD!" 

I stuck with the tried and true chicken and waffles. We shared at the table the candied yams, and the fried okra. Everything was amazing! It was my first time having chicken and waffles together. And it won't be my last. I ate so much I was sick for several hours afterwards, but you can't help yourself! 

Dinner on average seems to run about $13 a person.

So when you a re in the "hood", give Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles... you will be glad that you did!
Love this place except for being seated near the drink station pretty much in the kitchen. That's kinda lame. Otherwise this place is next to amazing.
Lo-Lo's is still at a solid 3 for me. I love the chicken and since my last review I have been back for to go orders several times. The service is fast and very friendly. I have since tried several different side Items, almost all of them I think.

My top sides are;

Buttered Corn outstanding 5 stars
Greens best I have had outside the house solid 5 stars
Mac and Cheese between a 4 and 5 just because some days it's on point and others it's just aight. 
Smothered potatoes 4 stars
Candied yams 4 stars
Rice and gravy 2 stars the gravy was disappointing had bell pepper in it.
My least favorite Red beans and rice 1 star, I love red beans and rice but not with BBQ sauce yuck. 

I had a little problem with the desert. I love Red velvet cake but theirs is disappointing. I went on Saturday and saw that delicious mountain of a cake in the window and knew I had to have a slice. I got it home it tasted like cornbread?! WTF Someone messed up and made it wrong. I called they offered me another the next day but that one wasn't much better. The sock it to me cake was very sweet. 

My standing order will be Chicken, mac n cheese and greens from now on! I have yet to try a waffle since I have been getting to go orders I don't know how well a waffle will travel. I like the initial crispness to my waffles. I will be back to dine in one day and I will get a waffle. 

BTW the sweet tea is SWEEEEEEET!
Food coma!  Lo-Lo's is consistent and comfort food for the soul.  We got lucky and their wasn't much of a wait to get seated.

Don't knock Chicken and Waffles until you try it!  I was skeptical the first time I heard about it, but I went to the grand opening of the Scottsdale location and I've been a fan ever since.

Don't hold back...go for the Lo-Lo's 3 pieces of chicken and 2 waffles and take left overs home with you.  Be sure to try the sides...my favorite is the Fried Okra.
The best thing about Lo-Lo's is the staff.  I think during our visit we managed to request the assistance from each staff member, lol.  I have to say although it was abusive on our part, I loved that accessibility.  It gave the place a down-home family feel! I also loved the mason jar motif, especially for the kool-aid (haven't had that since I was a child)!

I didn't eat much because I wasn't that hungry, but I did get a waffle that was delish! Since I'm a veggie, the menu was kinda limited for me, so I kept asking "can you add something to the waffle?"  The waiter suggested pecans.  OMG! it was SO good.  My friends enjoyed their chicken and waffles.  My friend's mom didn't care for the grits, but we all loved her banana pudding.  It was the standout dish - well done.
Sure the neighbor is a little rough, and I might worry about where I park my car.  Also, the food here isn't completely healthy for you, and might be a days worth of calories in one meal.... but it's totally worth it.

This is one of those places that I go to once a year, to pig out on fantastic soul food.  I always order the standard friend chicken with waffles, mac and cheese and collard greens.  The sides are kinda pricey, but good to share with someone.  Even though they look small, you'll be so full from the actual meal, it wouldn't matter.

Good mix, hot sauce with the maple syrup and the chicken, you gotta try it.

The place is small, but it has a nice atmosphere, with books and magazines scattered around to read while you wait.  It's a cozy place, great for a nice outing out with a friend.
Bountiful plate for chicken and waffles. You could even change it up and replace with other side dishes. Turned out wonderfully and delicious. Staff was quite attentive as well. The location isn't great, however, but it will have to do.
I finally got a chance to come to the original location. It was late on a Thursday night. Like 8ish late and the fabulous Dottsy decided she wanted some chicken and waffles. So off we went to get their before they closed. This place is small and quaint and I can see how the lines are around the corner on the weekend. Get in and get out people lol. The staff were friendly and the food was delicious as always. Plus they were playing some jams while we enjoyed our food and they didn't rush us at all even though they were closed by the time we were done. If I am ever back on this side of town, I just may have to stop in and get my fried chicken and waffle fix.
This place is tiny and its a liitle bit in the cutties...this is another one of them down places. So Foofoo warning in effect. 

Start with koolaid but get some water to cut it. This is the sweetest koolaid ever. Its good....i think the ratio is 1 jar of Water, one pack of koolaid, one pound of sugar! Lol!

The waffle is great. The chicken.....awesome. 

Desert was amazing! Banana pudding was off the hook.

Im mobile.so sorry i can't write too much more but this place is worth stopping at if you're ever in phoenix. Comfortable great music great food.
I grew up in the South eating copious amounts of delicious soul food and as an adult I have traveled a great deal in search of places that can still do it right, and I am here to tell you: THIS IS IT, folks!

The food is indescribably delicious and well executed and the staff could NOT be more pleasant and attentive, but one of the most important reasons to high tail it over to Lo-Lo's is because this place is a rapidly vanishing breed and a foodie experience you won't ever forget.

Abandon your diet, forget counting your cholesterol and treat yourself to a meal that will make you weep with pleasure.  Life is too short for Subway sandwiches when a temple of deliciousness like Lo-Lo's graces this weary world.

And this I vow: I will never visit the city of Phoenix again without stopping to eat at Lo-Lo's.  And I can't wait to experience Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe!
We were told this place rivals Roscoe's so I had to give it a try. I'm a fan of Bonnie Jean's here in San Diego so this place has a lot to live up to. It is not as good as everyone says it is. The chicken was dry and the waffles weren't very flavorful. The sweet tea was way way way too sweet and the fried okra wasn't very good. The greens were delish and I did enjoy the wings that my friend shared with me. I also really liked the gizzards and gravy. The gravy is what gives this place a solid 3 stars...along with the very friendly wait staff!
SO much better than roscoes.  Better waffles and certainly better chicken, can't go wrong with a nice jug of kool-aid either.
I know, I know, another chicken and waffles place. I mean, how hard is it to mess up chicken and waffles. The only reason I went here is because Charles Barkley recommended it, and if CB knows anything, it's unhealthy food. 

I'm done rationalizing my decision to go there but I don't want to make it a trend of going to these somewhat gimmicky chicken and (insert breakfast item here) restaurants. 

verdict: The food was really good. The sides were amazing too, I got the mac-n-cheese; a gloopy cheesy mess, just the way I like it.

P.S. I thought Roscoe's in LA was better.
Chicken, waffles, Mac and cheese and greens were amazing. As if someone's granny cooked it from the deep south. Better than Gladys Knights chicken and waffles as well!
best chicken in az so far. Love the tre-tre with added piece of breast. Mac and cheese is bomb. Hit up the kool-aid drank yo!
Looking for a place in Phoenix to get some early breakfast Easter Sunday (Matt's Big Breakfast was closed) and we came across Lo-Lo's. Boy, what a gem! We parked in front. The place is small and quaint but definitely has a lot of character. First thing I noticed was that the whole staff was really friendly, welcoming, and attentive. 

We came here for chicken and waffles so that's what we ordered. However, there was so much more on the menu that I seemed appetizing. The sweet tea came out in large jars. Nice! I had the 3 pc chicken and 2 waffles smothered in gravy and onions. My friends had the same without the gravy. The food came out quickly and piping hot! Whatever is in their seasoning, it was so good! The gravy and onions were even better! I could probably have done without one less waffle, but oh well, I was on vacation.

Lo-Lo's is definitely up there for me in terms of best chicken and waffles. I'd come here again if I'm in Phoenix.
We went on a Thurs evening, 6ish, and as soon as I stepped out of the car, we were greeted by a group of friendly servers.  We got a table right away. I ordered the chicken tender basket with fries and my hubs had 2-pc chicken and a waffle.  We both ordered the sweet tea.  The sweet tea was delish...def no splenda in there but reminded me of my grandma's tea growing up!  Our food came out piping hot and was YUM! 
Ok, so chicken and waffles isn't the most extravagant cuisine for a 4-star review but Lolo's won me over with their service.  The food beat Roscoe's in LA and fancy schmancy steak houses could learn a thing or two from their customer service.  It was the perfect experience for what the restaurant is going for!
This is one of those great little restaurants that has found a niche and mastered it.  The chicken & waffles here are simple incredible.  The fried chicken is certainly among the best I've ever had.  The sides are delicious (I recommend the red beans).  Even the "dranks" are terrific.  Great lemonade and sweet tea.  The service is friendly and the atmosphere very authentic.

This place does not pretend: it achieves soul food greatness.
This place is awesome. I never expect combination of fried chicken and waffles were so yummy. I fell in love with this place going for the first time. The chicken were fried fresh. The flavor was awesome. The waffles were delicious. If I get a chance I would like to go there again.
This place was INCREDIBLE!! We got to LO-LO's at about 11am. We ordered and within 2 min we where eating. The portion sizes are very very big. You could share a plate. I had the BABY RAY, 3 piecec of fried chicken with onions and gravy and waffles. GREAT GREAT GREAT. I cannot say enough about this place. The only down side was LOCATION, we ate at the downtown location. If you are scared or think you are too good you can go to Scottsdale, BUT A MUST GO EAT!!!!!
My husband and I LOVE LOVE this location for some reason we feel at home at this place. The staff are very friendly and the food is amazing I love the GRITS. It's usually very busy when we come but it's worth the wait.  TRY the Kool-Aid  they have a Scottsdale location but I really don't care for that location
I'm from LA, home to Roscoe's chicken and Waffles, and I heard from my friends that Phoenix Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles out beats Roscoe's. Without a doubt they were right.....This establishment over exceeds Roscoe's food. I ordered the Ivan's Chorizo and Eggs and my friend ordered their famous Lo-Lo's #3. I was amazed over their chorizo quality and the way it was cooked; the tortilla was warm and fluffy. The FRIED CHICKEN was tender and juicy; I definitely could not have asked for better food then what Lo-Lo's had to offer. I would encourage everyone who visits Phoenix to make Lo-Lo's a priority when eating out.
Best waffles ever. Seriously. Now pair those perfectly cooked, cinnamon-y waffles with the best fried chicken, best shrimp and grits, and best banana pudding. Ever. Those are pretty much the only things I've tried... Oh and bacon but honestly, bacon is always amazing. Pretty much any where you go I recommend eating bacon. Moving on...

Before going to Lo-Lo's there are a few things you should know...
1. This is not a place to go when on a diet or attempting to make healthy choices. You CAN eat healthy here (egg whites and turkey bacon anyone?) BUT it's no fun!!! Why eat egg whites when you can eat grits oozing with butter, crispy always fresh fried chicken, and waffles drenched in sticky syrup? Splurge here, it'll be worth it.
2. The neighborhood this location is in is a tiny bit sketchy. Do NOT let this stop you from visiting. The place itself is not the least bit sketchy and the staff are all amazing. 
3. It's pretty small (they are currently building a larger space.) There could be a wait when you go (especially with a large group.) But the service is fast and the food comes out quickly. So fear not!

Now... If you made it to the end of this review, you either still have doubts about the amazingness of this place (or you would already be on your way there) OR you are just preparing yourself for your carb party. Either way, hurry. Deliciousness is waiting.
Man this is my spot! If I was ballin and worked out everyday, I would eat here everyday.

I first fell in love with Chicken and Waffles during my frequent visits to the LA area. I always had to visit Roscoe's without fail. For some reason I had no idea this place existed for the longest. 

I seem to remember Lo-Lo's having a pretty good sized menu but it never matters. If it only had one thing on the menu that would be good enough for me! 

I still have yet to go to the one in Scottsdale even though I'm walking distance from it, but the downtown Phx location just seems so authentic. One of these days when I have an extra $20 in my wallet I'll bike over to their Scottsdale spot and see if it matches up. 

Either way, if enough reviews haven't persuaded you yet to be adventurous and try this awesome mix of food, you should stop using Yelp because you're doing it wrong.  

Protip: Get it smothered. Your getting enough food to give yourself a heart attack already, why not add some gravy and onions. You'll thank me later!
Absolutely. Something for everyone, and a unique place for Phoenix . I won't debate how it compares to chicken & waffles places in the South or in L.A., all I can say is that every meal I've had here has been terrific. Fried chicken is the perfect balance of crispy and juicy.  The cinnamon-y (is that a word?) waffles are tender and melt in your mouth. A nice splash of maple syrup and there's no need for the ice-cream-sized scoop[ of butter sitting on top.  Cornbread and sweet potatoes are also good. I'm not a fan of greens, okra or mac & cheese, but my family and friends vouch for their excellence. Service is always friendly. So, so good.
I absolutely love this place. A great place to take your family. Everything on the menu is Delis!! I would recommend the sweet tea or the coo laid
I've only been here once but I really want to go back. Sadly it's a bit of a hike for me. 

I got the Betty Boop and the Stupid Fries. Both were excellent. Be warned that the Stupid Fries look horrible, but they taste amazing so order them and dig in. The drinks are served in mason jars and the whole place feels and looks like you're in someone's home having a great meal. 

Hopefully I can go back soon because it was absolutely worth the drive.

Update: Went back and they've remodeled. Food was still amazing and now the restaurant is also pretty great looking. Can't wait to go back again.
This place is not all the hype! 

Chicken was a little greasy. Sides were bland. Really the "eggo"-ish waffles were not great either. The grape kool-aid was all sugarfied! 

Tip: Go to Church's chicken and make your own waffle.
I been here a few times and it's one of my favorite places to dine when I'm craving chicken and waffles. It is a small place, but today I found out they are expanding which is great news.  

I usually order the Betty Boop, which is a large chicken breast and a waffle on the side . It is delicious and filling.  Today I decided to try something different and ordered  the chicken sandwich. It 's so big I couldn't finish it, but it was also very good.  It comes close to my favorite dish the Betty Boop.  I would also like to mention the staff is always friendly.
SOOOO GOOD!

If you're in Phoenix and you want fried chicken, go here.  The chicken is perfectly fried, tasty, and juicy.  It's exactly how I like my fried chicken.  And the waffles are delicious.  

I was sad when I had to stop eating my waffles to eat more chicken and then I was sad to stop eating my chicken to take a bite of my waffles.  That's how good the food is!  Yes yes, I could have eaten both simultaneously, but I wanted to taste the flavor of each because they can stand alone and knock your socks off.

If I were a guest on the show "Best thing I ever ate - fried chicken" this would be the place I recommend.
This place is ok. Being from the south, I know what real soul food tastes like, and this is the commerical version of that. I have the opportunity to sample the chicken wings, mac and cheese, collards and yams. It was just ok. The mac and cheese was bland, the yams were decent. The fried chicken is hit or miss. Once my chicken was finger looking good; but then it tasted reheated.  The place is always packed with a diverse customer base; which is great. I would go back to eat; but its certaintly not a place that I drool over like I do Grandma's Sunday dinner.
AMAZING!

That about sums it all up.
AWESOME service from every staff member.  Authentic sweet tea (my sister from tennessee gave the approval!).  Love the mason jars for the drinks. and the food...........wow.  I never knew Fried chicken and waffles could be so amazing.
I'm in love.  : )

This was my second time there and i will most definitely be back!
Probably closer to 3.5 stars but I rounded up to 4 stars since chicken and waffles is not a food type that I expected to find in the desert. The food is tasty enough and I would expect that LoLo's is the finest chicken and waffles joint in Arizona.

I spend a lot of time in Atlanta on business where chicken and waffles is considered an art form so I'm spoiled by Gladys Knight!

Seriously, the waffles are delicious!  Some of the best that I've had anywhere...  I'm not sure what is going on with the frozen butter/crisco on the waffles but I could do without it.

The chicken is pretty good but it is fairly greasy....  I had the chicken fried chicken and it was a solid offering topped with sausage gravy.

I wanted to try the banana pudding but I succumbed to the chicken, waffles, chicken fried chicken, corn bread, rice/beans,etc...  You won't leave here hungry!
Awesome, awesome food!
Chickennnnn! I love soul food! I was staying at a hotel in North Phoenix, but drove 20 minutes downtown to try this place!

I got the "Baby Ray" which was 3 pieces of chicken smothered with gravy and onions, and 2 waffles. Mmmmm, I'm drooling just thinking about it. I really loved the gravy, it tasted great with the chicken. The food came out fast despite how crowded it was! The service was friendly.
Since I didn't get my eggos this morning, and the reviews on Yelp were rather high, I convinced my daughter we should try out LoLo's today. She's never been there, and wanted to try them out too,so it was an easy sell.  Going in, the place was kinda small, but I've been in even smaller joints. I ordered 2 thighs and a waffle, and my daughter had 2 wings with a waffle. The chicken was cooked to perfection and the waffle was light and fluffy with a great touch of cinnamon. I didn't think I was gonna finish the whole meal (cause I wanted to bring some home) but the task was too easy. If you like really SWEET tea , this is the place to get it. Mine was a bit too sweet for my liking (thats why they only get 4stars, because of the iced tea).  Overall if you never been here, you gotta go. At least once, then twice, then three times.....
Went here for breakfast on a Sunday morning and it was busy, but they seem to know their business well because our food was out within 5 minutes of ordering and tasted fresh.  I come here for the chicken and that did not disappoint.  It was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  The waffles seemed a little overdone, so I ended up eating only half of it.  I had some mac and cheese which was great, so that made up for the waffle.  

The service was prompt and attentive, so no problems there.  However, I don't agree with the 18% gratuity for a group of 5 people, but I'm guessing it's to ensure people tip.  Since the service was great I have no problem paying 18%, but I would prefer that the amount to tip be my decision for a group of less than 7 or 8.
I just went there for the second time at this location - having been to the Scottsdale location twice as well.  I like the funky charm of the extremely small old house that appears to have several small (I'm sure not permitted!  :-) additions from over the years!...Oh my god I love this place!  This is what the fried chicken in my dreams tastes like.  I always get the 3 pieces with 2 waffles and it puts me into food bliss state.  The last time I went there was a decent wait outside with the other two dozen people attempting to have lunch - this time was better because it was late lunch - my favorite time anyway!  Awesome, fast friendly service, delicious Kool-Aid, fried chicken with waffles for a late lunch - dream come true experience.
I am seriously addicted to this fabulous pair. Who would have thought chicken and waffles would go soooo well together. Food was amazing!!!!
I don't see why everyone is raving about this place. I have had better chicken and waffles at Caferteria 15L. The chicken here reminded me of KFC chicken, aside from being crispy I didn't see very spectacular. Also when I got the waffle it wasn't as crispy and delicious as I wanted. It came with plenty of syrup and butter but that didn't mask my disappointment. I think this place is just overrated and I would not be back again.
Do not go there if you have a late afternoon client meeting.  You will be happy, but you will be oh so sleepy.  What I love about LoLo's is that they have the best lunch combinations already figured out for you....the hard part is just picking out which one.  The macaroni and cheese is just the type you want, gooey and cheesy.  The collard greens are tender with just a little bitterness and the chicken is without compare.  I care mostly about the waffles which are huge and the size of a dinner plate.  Oh and you can get red kool-aide in mason jars.  Need I say more?
Having recently moved to Phoenix, this is my favorite place to eat out here so far. The area looks a little sketchy, but maybe only because I've always gone after it's already dark out. I've been here three or four times and they have never disappointed! Someone has been outside the door greeting every time I have visited. Even when we had to wait to be seated, we were given menus to look over while we waited. They are always busy and with good reason!

My family came to visit, and I wanted to take them to Lo-Lo's for dinner. We all tried a little of each other's foods to sample different plates. I always get Chyna's Honey Hots. Six big wings served with ranch. There has always been a lot of leftover honey hot sauce even after I've finished eating, so they definitely aren't lacking on the sauce. They have a great flavor to them, and they're always very hot temperature wise and have a zing flavor wise.

We ordered the South Side Chili Cheese Fries which was a MUCH bigger serving than I had anticipated. There were 6 of us eating the fries with our meals and we still had leftover food AND fries. The portions are very generous. 

We all loved the waffles and various styles of chicken. One person at my table ordered the SoulFood Platter of Chicken Fried Chicken which is chicken covered with white sausage gravy. This was also great. It came with a piece of cornbread and 2 sides. One of those sides were string beans and red potatoes. This was probably my favorite side that I've tried so far. They are much spicier than I would have imagined. So much flavor, I loved this side! The grits were also good for the side order. The regular fried chicken was also very tasty. 

The prices are a tad on the high side, but well worth it for the portions and taste you get out of it. The restaurant is also VERY clean. VERY, VERY clean. I don't think I can even stress that enough. Not even a spec of dust on the picture hanging by our table. And the staff has always been amazing. Our bill for 6 people was between $80-90, which wasn't too bad considering the amount of food we had leftover and shared the massive plate of chili cheese fries along with our individual entrees. I will definitely be returning!
Went to Phoenix with my baby over the weekend. He asks, "Baby wat u wanna eat?" I thought about it and said, "fried chicken, boo." Baby goes to get the food. When he comes back I'm looking at him like he's the LAST chicken wing on the table..."WHERE DA FOOD AT???" He hands me my container, which I almost drop cuz I ain't expectin that much food! I open and much to my delight...3 juicy (NOT greasy) pieces of chicken, greens, mac n cheese, and some good-ass corn bread. Baby wasn't lyin when he said this place was GOOD. He's from the South, so I knew to trust his judgment. =)  Can't wait to go back to Phoenix so I can have some mo' of that good good...food. LoL. ;-)
Only been in there once a couple of years ago. It was somewhat crowded but comfortable...with that slightly divey feel. The food was good, no mistake there...almost reminiscent of Mrs. White's.

BTW...I heard a rumor that Lo Lo's is somehow affiliated with Mrs. White's. Not sure if it's true but it's what I heard.
The new location is much bigger and GORGEOUS!  It's located on Central Avenue in a beautifully renovated building that Larry and Rasheedah White saved to preserve some South Phoenix history. The new restaurant is right around the corner from the tiny original location that will soon be torn down to complete the new parking lot.  Don't worry the food is as delicious as ever. The setting is now "Palais du Poulet" but the grub is hood fo'ever.
I love Lo-Lo's. It is definitely worth the trip to the "hood" to sample a bit of their exquisite southern fried decadence. I had the 3 pieces of Chicken Southern Fried w/ 2 side orders & cornbread. I chose the mac n' cheese and sweet potatoes. Everything was amazing. No. Make that "a-MAH-zing". The chicken was cooked perfectly--tender and juicy with a crispy coating that had a nice "pop" of seasoning. The mac n' cheese actually had cheesy flavor. All too often, restaurant mac n' cheese leaves me wondering "where's the cheese?" Not so at Lo-Lo's. The only (only!) complaint I have is the portion size. It was WAY TOO MUCH!  I wish they had a two piece/two side combo, or even a one piece combo. As much as I like fried chicken, I'm really a sucker for the sides. Lo-Lo's does both very very well.
Was in Phoenix for the day and found this place on yelp. I left here wishing I lived in Phoenix. It is fried chicken done perfectly with perfect waffles and perfect butter. There's really nothing else to add. Just go.
The good: 
New location is gorgeous. Terrific decor and atmosphere. 
Food is great. Waffles are light and fluffy. Chicken is a little salty but very tasty. 

The bad: 
I called in my take out order from home, and got to the restaurant about 15 mins later. I still waited abut 15+ mins for my food. 
While waiting aman who was obviously a vagrant came in and asked for a glass of water. The hostesses ( there was two) got the manager, he said ok and ask the guy to have a seat. The gentleman literally sat leg to leg with me, held out his fist  for a fist bump with me and leaned in for a whisper. Well after I fist bumped him, he whispered in my ear how he's out on his luck and needs $50 for some oxy..... After I said I didn't have any cash, he said no prob, and kept rambling on to me about how much pain he's in. Yeah it took the manager at least 4+ mins to get this guy a cup if water. While both hostess tried to look busy and not look at me and my new BFF.  After the guy left they continued to ignore me, didn't say why my food technically took 30 mins. Or apologize for sitting a drug addict next to me and hit me up for a 50 spot. 

Price. I ordered a total of 3 waffles and 2 chicken wings. The price came out to $16.52. Market average for Premium Jumbo Chicken wings is 1.99(http://consumermeats.com/details.php?id=2220&c=45&s=&pqn=&name=Fresh-premium-jumbo-chicken-wings-40lbs-case.) that's .67 cents each. If you add .25 per waffle ( on the high side) that's $2.08 plate cost.  Yeah 800% markup on a 13% food cost. Ridiculous price markup for a 2 diamond fine dining restaurant let alone a chicken and waffle joint. 

Staff: I was there on a sunday morning about 9am. The place was about a 1/4 full.  I thought I noticed a lot of staff floating around, so i decided to count.  There was :
1 Front of the house manager
2-3 Hostesses
5-6 wait staff
1-2 bust boys 
And a whole kitchen full of other people I count count. 
Front of the house alone there was 1 staff for every 2 customers.  Ridiculous. 

Overall thoughts : Good food, great new location. Slow, egregiously mis managed, grossly expensive, poor customer service. Will return in 2013 and see if any things been fixed.
I had been eating at the Scottsdale location all my time in the valley, so decided to give the original a try. Lo-Lo's just recently moved into the building next-door, and the original shack has been bulldozed. While waiting for the rest of my group, I loved being able to watch the food being made through the window! Staff was super friendly and we were seated by Larry "Lo-Lo" White himself. I also really liked the atmosphere inside with the mason jar lamps and all. Looking forward to coming again when live jazz is being performed!

Now on to the actual food part. I ordered the #10 Tre-Tre's with a blue Kool-Aid. One awesome thing I noticed in comparing it to my experience in Scottsdale is that the chicken legs have waaay more meat on them. It's almost as if the meat on a breast at the Scottsdale location equates a leg at the Phoenix one. Definitely a good thing! The waffle was just as amazing as I've always experienced. I will be definitely returning to this spot.

Oh, and if you didn't read my review of the Scottsdale location, take my advice and ORDER THE BANANA PUDDING! You won't regret it.
About ten years ago, I was in Phoenix for the first time ever working a project and my dad came for a visit and we read about Lolo's and visited. Back then (although my memory fades), the shack was still there and this joint was in it's infancy and both the atmosphere and food were memorable in that fried, greasy, backwoodsy kind of way. It had charm and character, but now the shack is gone and larry has gained about 25 pounds and they have two locations and there is exposed lighting and nice booths and T-shirts for sale. Hey, when the cash gods give you your chance to cash in, you might as well, but some places don't sell out and its too bad that this place has fancied itself up. The food though was pretty much what I remember, although Waffle House has better, crispier waffles. The chicken is still top quality, but not the "best ever" anymore, hey something has too suffer when your expanding. The home fries were outstanding with huge chunks of real potatoes and a healty dose of onions and two colors of peppers on top and the sweet tea was terrific in it's mason jar for 3 bucks. It's still clearly worthy of a visit by tourist and local, but if your in a real good fried chicken place in the South, you will wait 25 minutes for fresh chicken. My meal came out in ten minutes which leads me to believe things are a bit different in that kitchen these days than the good ole days gone past.
The first time I've regretted my bariatric surgery. Seriously the food was amazing, the staff polite, and the new restaurant was gorgeous. I only wish I could have enjoyed more food there.
They had Kool Aid! i was so happy to see it :)

The chicken and waffles were really good... my girlfriend and I went straight there from the airport, before going to our hotel, and it was completely worth it... 

yeah, waiting outside in 100 degree heat isn't ideal, but for 10 minutes you can deal with it... especially when they had someone outside giving out water

If you're ever in Phoenix like us, or live out there, definitely stop in!!!
My husband and I have been going to this place for years. They recently opened up the new building and it is beautiful! I'm not a fan of Kool-aid but it's a must have here, the blue "flavor" is EVERYTHANG!! I usually get the soul food platter, comes with chicken, 2 sides (mine are mac & cheese and greans) and a big azz stupid sized piece of cornbread. If you have high blood pressure or clogged arteries I wouldn't recommend this place to you. You'll definitely be eating good in the hood here but if you come at night carry a blade in your purse. ;-)
Bring on the calories! This is the place to go if you are feeling really hungry, or really under-weight. Where else can you get perfectly fried chicken with waffles? Most of the choices on the menu are reasonably priced, and the new design of the place is open and bright. I also thought it was very clean inside, which one would not expect from a restaurant that prides itself on serving neon colored and super sweet cool-aide. 

While the waffles are nothing to write home about, the chicken is fried to perfection. It was tough finding a parking spot, and we had to eventually park across the street. Not knowing if you car is going to get towed kinda made me rush through my meal. The grits left something to be desired - they were dry and had little seasoning. If it wasn't for the huge hunk of butter (which seems to be the only ingredient/condiment that the kitchen used), I would have not eaten the grits at all. Thankfully, the hot sauce made them taste alright. 

Will I come back? Probably, but only after I recover from my heart attack from the last visit.
Approaching the hostess stand as I looked around the newly designed space I was quick to find that much like my surroundings the service too at Lo Lo's was far superior to Roscoe's and led by one smiling face at the podium to another at my table towards the back it would not be long before a menu was in hand, water was filled, and a few daily specials were noted - the whole process taking less than five minutes and my order placed within ten, much to my waiter's delight as he noted "man, you ordered all the best stuff - I hope you brought your appetite."

Sitting and watching the games as the restaurant's hustle and bustle continued my neighbors struck up a conversation with me stating that they had been coming to Lo-Lo's "every few weeks since the day it opened" and admitting it was my first time they suggested it definitely wouldn't be my last and within moments of the arrival of my meal I knew they were right as every single item that landed on my table looked excellent; the first being a single $3.50 "Aunt Hattie's Salmon Croquette" featuring a crispy external batter surrounding flaky salmon and studded with green onions.  Apparently a traditional southern recipe but one I'd not previously encountered I was told that these were best with a splash of Lo-Lo's "famous" hot sauce and although I generally prefer to avoid condiments I must say my neighbors were right as the acidity of the sauce really helped to bring out some of the more briny notes from the salmon while breading remained crunchy with minimal grease.

Moving next to my main plate, the $14 Soulfood Platter with Chicken Fried Chicken, a golden waffle, macaroni and cheese, plus a round of cornbread it would be hard to find a gripe with this dish save for, maybe, those who like their mac n' cheese a little over-baked and with a bit of crunch.  Featuing a double dipped and friend boneless, skinless breast alongside a bowl of intense and peppery sausage gravy the chicken here was definitely the star of the show with each bite juicy and full of crunch but largely devoid of any oil whatsoever.  Nicely spiced and with the gravy further gilding the lily I next turned my attention to the waffle, also crisp but intensely buttery with a good amount of 'give' at the center and while pure maple syrup would have been ideal in the end the Mrs. Butterworth's was fine - the sweetness tempered by the chicken, gravy, and macaroni.  Last but not least, the cornbread crowned with a mound of butter was textbook - a little dry, not too sweet, and good both on its own or as a transition between the plate's other components.

Making short work of the Soulfood plate my primary server, Joseph, stopped by to say "nice job" and asking if I had room for dessert I think he was surprised when I said yes - and even more surprised when I ordered two; one for here, one to go, and both eliciting a slow whistle from the gentleman to my left who said to his wife "that boy can eat" - and much like the savories what I ate next would be outstanding.

Beginning first with the lesser known of Lo-Lo's signature desserts, a house made banana puddin' served in a hefty mason jar and topped with an airy dollop of whipped cream - at $5 this is probably the steal of the menu as the container must have contained twenty spoonful of the rich parfait.  At times rife with the fructose of banana and at times mellowed by whipped cream or saturated Nilla wafers with plenty of textural nuance added by crumbles and chunks of unsoaked cookie this was precisely my kind of dessert; high end ingredients or not, I love pudding.

Realizing I couldn't (or a least shouldn't) leave Lo-Lo's without trying their oft raved "Sandy Sand's Red Velvet Cake" and knowing I could (but shouldn't) have eaten it while I was still seated at 10 Yuma Street I asked for a piece to be boxed up and although it wasn't pretty, the results were just as good as many have suggested - the cake moist, dense, and loaded with cocoa while the cream cheese icing is slick but not too sweet and nicely tempered by the pecans.  Generally one to fancy cupcakes over sliced cakes mostly because I prefer there to be more cooked surface area and thus more 'sponge' I was particularly interested to see the open baking window as I left the restaurant where the team was assembling the cakes from large springform pans thus allowing the layers to each have more exposure and thus explaining the excellent texture.  For my money I'd go with the puddin', but this is one damned fine Red Velvet, and in the context of the experience that is Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles either make a great finale to a great meal in an unexpected but excellent setting.
I have fantasized about the idea of chicken and waffles for quite some time now, and Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles was all that I hoped for and more!  The chicken and waffles, cornbread, sweet potatoes, mac 'n cheese, grits and kool-aid were amazing! The restaurant itself is really cute too.  Very creative decor.  Such a fun, delicious dinner experience!
I'm going to preface this review with this statement: DON'T EAT THE CAKE. Really, what was an otherwise fantabulous meal was ruined by my slice of red velvet cake. Cake is loosely used to define this...thing. It tasted like raw biscuit dough. It was wet, mushy, and the only flavor was red food dye. Even the frosting was terrible. *sigh*

BUT! The chicken fried chicken was fantastic, the candy sweets and collards were great. And the cornbread was darn tasty. And, hey, you serve me a refreshing beverage in a Mason jar, and I'm a happy camper. I ate like a pig, left full as a tick and still have a doggy bag with half my food waiting for me in the fridge. Midnight snack? Breakfast with a couple eggs over easy? Either way, yum again! 

So you'll enjoy your meal...as long as you avoid the cake!
Wowzers! This place was amazing. I shared the chicken and waffels and I had to add some side dishes: mac-n-cheese, collard greens, and gravy. It was quite the soul food experience; everything was mmmmm mmmm tasty. I also treated myself to some of the kool-aide (ohh -yea) took me right back to my childhood. The service was great!  It was tough to find parking but once inside it was an inviting and fun atmosphere.
bomb.com

Brings me back to my days living in LA from eating at Rosco's. You cant go wrong with chicken and waffles!
This is by far, the best chicken and waffles I've ever tasted. I've tried them all...in Oakland, Long Beach, and Los Angeles. And none of the restaurants can compare to Lo-Lo's!! The waffles are amazing, it's fluffy and soft while the chicken is crisp and juicy. I love how they have Kool-Aid too. The other restaurants I've tried in California don't have Kool-Aid!!! And the Kool-Aid at Lo-Lo's is fantastic...it has a perfect balance of flavor and sweetness. It's like they put crack in it or something! My girlfriend had the "Stupid Fries" which had cheese, peppers, onions, and chicken smothered all over french fries. It's crazy good too and I definitely recommend to order that as an appetizer to share. Can't wait to return to this place again when I come back to Phoenix :0)
Lo-Lo's makes the best damned fried chicken ANYWHERE, not just West of the Mississipi!! That's saying a lot, but it's true. Their waffles are incredible, too. I love the family feel of the place too and seriously, kool-aid in a mason jar?? AWESOME!
this place ROCKS. Fabulous service, food, dessert.... parking kinda sucks but Id walk a mile for this comfort food! The open windows in the front are such a huge selling point. You can actually see the clean kitchen you're eating from, and watch the home made desserts being crafted. Keep up the amazing work guys!!!!
Oh, Lo-Lo's how I love thee...  

I catered Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles for a surprise Halloween lunch for my staff this week and it was a huge hit.  I just told them I was catering lunch in, I didn't tell who was bringing the food.  After the food was set up and ready to go I emailed the staff and told them the food was ready and that it was Lo-Lo's.  You should have seen the steady stream of employees that started 'prairie dogging' over their cubicle walls and letting each other know what the big, surprise lunch announcement was!  It was hilarious how fast they scooted their normally slow asses to the conference room to be the first in line for Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles!!

Lo-Lo himself (Larry) came out and he made piping hot, fresh waffles to order as the employees all dined on the best fried chicken in all of Arizona, and some of the most delicious mac and cheese and read beans and rice I've ever tasted.    Ohmidog, their food is so damn good...

I was the office hero for the day and I couldn't have done with without Lo-Lo's.  Thank you, Larry!  

You want to be the most popular person in your office?  Cater Lo-Lo's for your staff for lunch.  You will NOT be disappointed in the results.  ;)
I was craving chicken and waffles aso I decided to try the phoenix location of LoLo's. This location seems bigger and nicer decor. I like the floors. I went around 10:30 am on a weekday. I ordered chicken breast, waffle and cheesy grits. It came out really fast and it was delicious
All the hype about this place... DEFINITELY WORTH IT!

I came to Phoenix to visit my bestfriend and she had been talking about this place ever since she moved there. 

I walked in the restaurant and was instantly greeted by the friendly hostess. We were sat within 3 minutes (which was pretty good because I've been told that it gets BUSY especially on the weekends)

Our waitress took good care of us. I got the 3 piece chicken with waffles as well as grits and  scrambled eggs with onions and cheese. The fried chicken tasted soo good! You know how sometimes when you deep fry a chicken, sometimes the white meat inside get's excessively oily and greasy--the chicken here was perfectly crispy on the outside and wonderfully moist in the inside. The eggs were AMAZING. 

They serve their drinks in large glass jars--I got the lemonade... yum!

I tried a bit of my friend's catfish sandwich, YUM! Next time I visit, I'm going to have to get that!

Definitely go to Lolo's! There's also one in Scottsdale too if you're in that area ;)
not a big fan of chicken and waffles... but this place was decent.
mmm mmm mmm....i will be back...
This place is OVERRATED in my opinion. The best thing there was the $2.00 glass of Kool-aid. I expected the chicken to be amazing and it was just "ok". The waffle was horrible and cold once it made it to my table.

The worst part of my experience was the service. It completely sucked. I'm not sure if the assign a server to your table or not because they had different people "helping" us. At the end of the night I wasn't sure who I was tipping.

With the overrated food and the awful service, it only makes sense that it would be over priced as well.

Don't fall for the hype.
Yum, yum, yum!!!

I've heard about this place for years and recently had the chance to give it a try. Wow, some of the best fried chicken I've ever had combined perfectly with crispy waffles and topped off with syrup and LoLo's own hot sauce. 

Service was very friendly and the facility was really nice, very welcoming and comfortable. Yes, you have to drive a little further South on Central Avenue than some people find comfortable, but its well worth it.

If you're looking for great comfort food, give LoLo's a shot!
Newly remodeled so there is more seating available.  Excellent fried chicken and waffles.  Serves all drinks in giant mason jars.  Excellent service.  Soul food establishment.
Food was very good but WOW this place is LOUD when it is busy.  Concrete walls reflect all of the sound and gave me a headache.  Never had this happen at a restaurant before.
Lo-Lo`s:You had me at chicken and waffles!! A first for me trying this and damn I`m gonna be back for more!! Hardest part here was deciding what to order but I went with what I came for- Lo-Lo`s ( 3 pc fried chicken and waffles). Juicy and crisp,Heaven to my tummy!!  Also tried the red Kool aid drank! Yum!!

Like I said I plan to be back to try more delicousness  here, especially the red velvet cake!
Sketchy area.  But oh so worthin gooood.  Chicken is on point.  Waffles with cinnamon, delish.  The RED punch is the best (extra ice).  Will be back.
Damn Fine breakfast establishment. After suffering a horrible wait and no food episode at Matt's big breakfast. I drove by Lo Lo's and decided to give em a try. I am so happy I did. I got the coffee and the breakfast sandwich and I'm happy to say I was sat at a table promptly, my coffee was fresh and great, and my sandwich was heaven on earth. It was similar pricing to Matt's and everything was good start to finish. I will return to Lo Lo's for breakfast in the future.
Excellent customer service, delicious food. I've been here more than any other restaurant in Phoenix since moving here a year and a half ago. They've recently expanded their building... now the interior looks nice, too. Parking used to be an issue, but now they have a lot with plenty of space. 

When I asked about the new interior my group and I actually received a mini tour of the place. They showed us the kitchen (we didn't go inside, of course) and other areas. That's going way over what's expected, if you ask me. 

I see a lot of good reviews on their dessert, however I always leave stuffed with a ton of leftovers on even the smallest meals and haven't had a chance to try any. 

PS: Get the "stupid fries".
Great service - lots of staff, everyone checks on you including mgnt.  Probably the best fried chicken I've ever had.  Waffles were pretty good, Kool-Aid was a little sweet, but terrific and nostalgic.  Excellent decor as well.  I'll be back and I'm bringing friends.
Awesome!
When I heard about this place I thought - chicken and waffles served together . 
I could not imagine this combination together but once I tried it I was HOOKED 

All I can see if Oh my gosh it is the best fried chicken and the waffles are light and fluffy and HUGE . 

I love this place - the only down side is it is a bit of a drive for me (but well worth the trip !!!)
The waffles are like sponge and the chicken was over-fried and the service is bad. The owners are very arrogant, unprofessional and rude. Before I patronized the restaurant I heard things that were not good and boy did I experience what I heard and then some. ROSCOE's Chicken and Waffles from California would put them out of business if they don't do it themselves. Enough said!
Not a big fan of the chicken and waffles idea, but the waffles and fruit punch were good!
We order out from there once in awhile at work, and since the remodel, they act like the customer does not matter. First they got the order wrong, and then charged double for a couple of the items. When we called them to notify of the charges, they stated that this was the correct price and the ones on the internet menu are wrong. For a matter of $5 that they refused to refund and dismissed the issues with our order, they have lost at least 10 customers from our place of work as I will order from another place instead. Very very disappointed as I loved this place when I first ate there. At my old job, I ate there once a week. No mas!
The word AMAZING comes to mind. Great place to go and eat until your heart is content. Or until it explodes, whichever comes first. An odd combo but who the heck cares when you are suffering from the blues?
I recommend, therefore I am right.
Took my mom out to Lo-Lo's for dinner on the 29th.  This was my 3rd time at Lo-Lo's and the 1st since the expansion.  The place looks great!  It was a busy Saturday night and the restaurant was packed, but they still found us a table very quickly.  I ordered the Famous Soul Food Platter w/ 3 pieces of chicken, a cornbread muffin, mac & cheese, a waffle and some of that good ol' lemonade.  My mom got the Toy-Toy (I think that's 2 wings and a waffle) and some grape Kool-Aid.

We expected to wait a while for our food, but it was on the table in no time.  Our chicken was hot, crispy and juicy, even better w/ that hot sauce.  The mac was good, cheesy and not cooked to death (which I really appreciated).  That corn muffin was tasty and the waffles... they were just BOMB.  I rolled up a piece of chicken in it and that really set it off.

Even with all those people in there, the staff didn't even seem stressed.  They checked on us and made sure we were taken care of.  Everybody was all smiles the whole time and our server gave us a "God bless" on the receipt.  Nice touch!

I'll be back.  You better believe I WILL be back.
This review breaks my heart. 

A few friends and I met up at the down town location, I was excited to see that the newly renovated and expanded LoLo's was now open for business! It is absolutely BEAUTIFUL!! 
That's about where the love ends with this review sadly. 

We were waiting for one other friend to arrive, they would not seat us until he was there, I have never had this issue at Lolo's. But wait we did. 

When we were finally seated the waitress took our food and drink order. 10 minutes goes by, no drinks. She comes to our table and says they are our of glasses and we have to wait for clean ones. We asked her if she could just put them in to-go cups, we didn't need the mason jars, she says sure. 10 more minutes go by. Finally out come our drinks, in mason jars. OI. 

Next up is the wait for the food. We literally waited an HOUR AND A HALF for our food to come to the table, and I believe the only reason why we got it then was because we had complained to the manager. The table that was seated 10 minutes after us, got fed up and left at about the hour 15 mark and walked out. A table next to us who had received their bill sat and waited a solid 20 minutes just to pay the dang thing! Our waitress completely ignored our table and section the whole time we waited. There were not even drink refills in that 1.5 hour wait. NOTHING. I got up and found a waitress and pointed out our table at the hour mark and asked how long the food wait was, she said 40 minutes, when I told her we were already well passed that she said she would find out what was going on. Nothing. Then our waitress walks by our section at the hour 15 mark we ask her what the hell is going on, we get no real response. FINALLY we are at 1.5 hours and we are ready to walk, our friend goes and finds the manager and asks him whats going on and to please come talk to us. 2 minutes later the manager comes to our table with food! Yesssssss only its wrong, BOO :( They delivered 2 orders of stupid fries to the table, when we told him we only ordered one he said well we are just going to throw this away so keep it, which I am glad we did because it was going to still be a while for all the food to come out correctly. My friends order was the veggie plate, 2 of the 4 sides were wrong, then they tried to deliver the same wrong veggie plate again. She finally gets all of her food. meanwhile myself and a friend are STILL waiting for ours. Then he gets his and the manager says so that's it right??? Ummmm no...how about bringing the pregnant lady her food, eh? 
My food finally materializes and I am happy. The tell me that they are out of french fries but that they just cut up some potato's and made some fries, fine by me. My friend ordered the catfish and specifically asked the waitress for malt vinegar, she brings him out a cup of white vinegar....who does that? 

Ive been to both locations plenty of times and have never had this type of experience. It was seriously the worst....and to top that all off when our bill came there wasn't one bit of a discount on it, after all of that, everything we had been through, nothing. we were pretty disappointed in how the staff handled themselves. Not cool Lolo's, not cool at all. I think its rad that you expanded, but if you cant handle the customer load then whats the point?
it saddens my heart to type this review!!!  sorry lo lo's but the truth needs to be told.

my family of 8 adults and 2 children arrived at the restaurant at 1:30 pm on 1/2/13.  we were told the wait was going to be 25 minutes.  we didn't mind because we have always had an awesome experience in the past.  well, 30 minutes goes by and i check in with the hostess desk.  i asked what the hold was.  zoe, the hostess said that we have a large party so it will take longer.  totally understandable.  the hostess was not trying to accommodate for our large party by saving single tables in an area to be combined together.  so smaller party's were being seated before us.  so finally,  zoe the hostess, caught on and started saving tables to accommodate our party.  50 minutes later we were finally sitting down.

we ordered our drinks and meals at the same time.  it took 20 minutes to get our drinks.  it took an additional 25 minutes to get our meals.  the food was great!

i'm not bitching for bitching sake.  the expanded building is nice and we are happy for the business owners but something was lost.  we didn't have that hometown feel.  we miss all the signatures and pictures.  we miss sitting by the fountain drink machine and bathrooms all in the same room.  lol.  our server didn't make us feel welcomed.  our family members have been in the food business and they were up in arms with what we experienced.  it seemed like the servers don't have the experience to handle a larger restaurant experience.

WARNING:  IF YOU HAVE A LARGE PARTY, YOU WILL PROBABLY HAVE A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!
I visited Lola's literally the last hour of my trip to Phoenix and almost didn't make it prior to closing. Though I was greeted by an overzealous hostess who demanded I throw away a small amount of bread before I entered, the total experience was worth the confrontation. My server was an extremely amicable guy. Most important the FOOD especially the beans and rice were phenomenal. The fried chicken's skin was perfectly crisp and tasty. This place is a must-visit again spot. Good job Lolo's!!
It's a must GO! Chicken and Waffles has that home made feel food to it! If you are going to Lo-Lo's, you must try chicken and waffles since that's not all they serve. 
And do NOT forget to order your koolaid! Its the best!
BLUF
Got it to go and glad I did. The chicken was OK but only for the first couple of bites.  The red velvet cake was aweful. 

Background
Yelpers let me down on this one.  I ordered the three piece chicken meal expecting to stuff myself contented with fried goodness and slip into a glycosidic stupor from a criminally sized slab of red velvet cake.  Let me say I didn't have to watch the scale worried of well earned weight gain from this meal.  

The chicken was an initial hit but was short lived.  I didn't finish it nor did I want to.  The waffle did not travel well either, it was soggy by arrival (10 mins to the hotel - arrgh!)  nor was it flavored in any manor. I would liken it to the generic bread slices used at other joints for sopping up the grease.  The red velvet was a crime.  It too lacked flavor, was heavy beyond understanding and it hurts me to say this - was only deserving of the trash. wa, wa, waaaa.

$20+ for soul food that was so bad.
So good! They even have cocktails with Kool-Aid! A great place to chow down on some fried chicken (moist, good flavor), waffles, grits, fried okra, greens, and a whole lot more.  You will definitely be feeling the itis before too long. The venue is spacious and the bathrooms were impeccably clean and very stylish. Yolo, so go to Lolo's and indulge.
I don't understand the hype about this place, other than its the only place in Phoenix with this type of food. I've been here with my family a couple of times when my father in law is craving the food, and I've always been disappointed. Chicken is nothing special, waffles are soggy, and the service is sub par.
Well we finally made it to Lo-Lo's for lunch after hearing so much about it!! All I can say is what took us so long?!? This place was amazing!

We came about 3pm on a Sunday and had a 10-15 min wait. I loved looking around the restaurant and really liked the red brick inside and out. Also I liked the decor of lights made out of mason jars and TVs around. Waiting was not a problem. Once we were sat we were greeted with a friendly waiter, I think his name was Joseph. 

I ordered the catfish and waffle and my wife had the #2 Baby Ray, basically 3 piece chicken meal with 2 waffles with gravy and onions. We also had a side of the Mac n cheese too. All in all I thought the food was outstanding!  Probably best friend chicken I've ever had. I loved it even more with a bite of chicken and waffle at the same time! Simply amazing. The catfish was also equally amazing. Very flakey and fried just right. The waffles were made perfect too and I can't forget about the gravy. Very thick and yummy. Oh and the Mac! I heard that they have mushrooms in the Mac. I'm not a fan if mushrooms but gave it a try and I'm glad I did. Was also great
We ended our meal with a taste of the red velvet cake.  But we had to get it to go because we were both so stuffed! But when I did try it, it's didn't disappoint!  Very hearty and I liked the walnuts in it. 

All in all I have no idea what took us so long to try Lo-Lo's!!  Now that I know where it's at ill definitely be coming back!
This is the first location I went to and while the place was small and kinda shabby, it smelt great and we were welcomed with smiling faces. We ordered the chicken and waffles and I got a lemonade that was served to me in a large jar. The lemonade was a little too sweet for me but I've been told that's how they serve in the south. The food was delicious and fresh. I've eatin at the Scottsdale location two times since this first visit to the downtown location, Scottsdale is just closer to me. On our way out of the restaurant we passed Shaquille O'neal, who was there eating lunch with some friends. Very pleasant experience :)
Was in town recently and saw this place as I was driving.  Um, chicken & waffles are like my cryptonite so before I knew it I was sitting at the counter looking at an amazing red velvet cake under glass and a crazy menu with so many choices I thought I had died and gone to heaven!  Love the drinks served in mason jars.  Nice touch Lo-Lo's!   So I ordered chicken and waffles of course (duh!) and a side of collard greens.  The southern fried chicken was perfect!  Add to that an awesome waffle soaked in butter and maple syrup.  Is there anything better?  Well, yes there is because the collard greens had to be the best I have ever tasted.  If you are in the area you will be missing out big time if you don't stop and check this place out!
I love this place.  The chicken and waffles are good.  But many people miss out because they do not order the shrimp and grits dish.  The shrimp and grits was the best I ever had.
This was the worst service and hostess I have encountered. Sadly I really like to eat there, but their employees are very rude. The cubby lady who I assume is an owner or their daughter since she is about 40 years old, was so extremely rude. We put in a reservation. Checked in and told them we were all there and that ppl were parking their cars and walking over. In less than 5 min they gave away our table when we were still on time/early and told us we would need to wait another 15 min. Then she proceeded to tell me later that there was no room at the table they were going to set up go my baby and my stroller! They give us a sling after we made an issue out her response, and the sling for the infant carseat was as big as my stroller! And guess what it fit just fine at the table. Also there are no baby changing tables in their restrooms so I had to make my daughter stand while I tried to change her diaper. The service was poor, slow, and we had to ask multiple times for items. We got served our food well after multiple tables that were seated after us. Everyone working acted like they had some stank attitude and I will not be going back for a while! HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE for a large party!
Hnngh.
huuuuuuhhhhhhh.

Fried chicken, waffle, greens, catfish. Can never move again. I am OK with that. Ordered one piece of catfish, two came out, "because they were a little small". Best food of this particular expedition to Phoenix, and there are still a couple days left in my trip. This will be hard to beat, though.

Chef May? About your place down in Tucson? Yeah this is what you're trying to achieve. Please come take notes.

This is a silly thing to be happy about, perhaps, but I am always slightly irritated when I get a 6oz plastic tumbler stuffed with ice and a few drops of water. I drink water, a lot of it, and I don't normally get other drinks. Good service, an extra cup, a pitcher at the table, these are all things that can mitigate this. Lo-Lo's sidesteps it completely by providing 1L mason jars of water (I believe I saw kool-aid too) by default. I didn't even need a refill.

I was so massively over-full that I couldn't try the red velvet cake but I'm almost considering driving back down there and getting a piece to go, the way other yelpers go on about it.
This is a must try if you are ever in phx! There are two locations which one is in downtown phoenix and the other in Scottsdale. After a night of partying and some great home cooked meals or just the craving for something sweet yet salty this place will hit the spot. I love that they make their own kool-aid and also have a variety of flavors. The Mac N Cheese is to die for along with their cornbread. I have had everything from the breakfast sandwhich, catfish, chicken wings, chicken strips, breast, and waffles with none of them falling short from excellent.
I don't like fried chicken. Definitely not enough to order it at a restaurant. Ever. It isn't that I haven't had a lot of it, but there's nothing that I've really enjoyed about most of what I've had.

That said, Lo-Lo's is, hands down, the best fried chicken I've ever eaten: COMPLETELY crispy skin, flavorful coating and succulent meat. You gotta try it.

At Lo-Lo's, I like mine with waffles, syrup and hot sauce... with a side of buttered grits or mac and cheese... And don't forget a big ol' sweet tea in a giant Mason jar.

The service was spectacular, too -- what more could you ask for? 

Just GO! Now.
Concrete Floor. That is a good thing in this type of place. The food here is very, very rich. If you are on any sort of diet, dont go! if you are not you are in luck. Nice crispy Fried Chicken and kool-aid. Thats all I got, so I can't vouch for the other items on the menu. The chicken is really good, the fried coating is light and the chicken is meaty. It's easy to skimp on Fried Chicken because you can fry any skinny ass chicken and with the right seasoning, it turns out good. You can tell they use quality chicken. The kool-aid is sweet and cold.  This place is good!
This review should be read aloud in the voice of my dad, which means a combination of Foghorn Leghorn and Tommy Lee Jones.

Q: do you like fried chicken? 

If you answered "yes" proceed to Lo-Lo's. 

If you answered "no",  then what in the hell is wrong with you? 

Seriously, go get a chicken leg from anywhere else that sells chicken legs. 

Go on. I'll wait.

Now, look at the chicken leg that you just brought over here to me and compare it to...

THIS BIG-ASS MONSTROUS LEG FROM A REAL CHICKEN THAT THEY ARE GONNA SERVE YOU AT LO-LO's!

Not only is this leg three times bigger than that lil ole scrawny bantam leg you got, but it's ten times as juicy and tastes like the good Lord done blessed whatever chicken it came from with the most delicious chicken genes he could find! 

Chicken so good you'll wanna take the bones home with you and suck on 'em later just to reminisce about how good that chicken was.
Nice gingery dense thin waffles. Standard fried chicken. Didn't live up to the hype.
I went there once and really can't wait to go back again. Great food and great service. Very fun just to be there and delicious. I forgot what their special name was for it, but I had the one with a waffle and two chicken legs. I was very satisfied, paid the fair price and left feeling like I could win the day. It's not dirt cheap (the way I like it), but definitely fair. It's the kind of food that energizes rather than exhausts you after eating it. They do a great job!
So my new obsession lately has been soul food and I knew I had to check this place out. I have never had chicken and waffles (something about sweet and sour mixing altogether just threw me off) but my girlfriends told me I'd be a simple minded b**** not to try it out. Okay, fine, bring it out.

... along with the soul food platter, which consists of one HUGE piece of catfish, one piece of chicken (your choice on which part you want) smothered with gravy and onions, two sides (get the mac & cheese/beans over rice) AND CORNBREAD! 

After several of my arteries clogged and I couldn't breathe, we paid our bill and swore this would be our new Sunday spot. It will be yours too!
Slap yo momma good ! 
Best fried chicken I've ever had and I'm not a big fried chicken fan but it was awesome !!!! Waffles & chicken ? Yep they ARE a good combo in fact ! Chili cheese fries are some of the best I've had. 
The chili didn't have all the chunky veggies in it yet it had so much yummie flavor ! 
I hate veggies so that worked out of me ;) 
I would definitely go back ! Yum yum
chicken!
waffles!
kool aid!

why aren't you eating at lolo's yet?
Don't let the rating fool you, the food is great. I have only eaten at the Scottsdale location but my comment is for the Central location.
My mom and I went in there this evening after having lunch at the Scottsdale location. We stopped in because the Scottsdale location had run out of banana pudding and i was craving it. I called ahead to make sure the Central location had not run out as well. I told the hostess on the phone that I was heading in to get some "To Go". Upon arrival we walked in and advised the hostess that we wished to place a dessert order to go. She promptly replied that they are NOT DOING ANY TO GO ORDERS!! HUH??? I advised the hostess that my mom and I only wanted banana pudding and a slice of red velvet cake, plus had called just 10 minutes prior. Again she reminded me that they had been advised by management that there would be no to go orders because they "Backed up" the kitchen and delayed orders. Even for dessert that takes 2 minutes???? It would seem to me that if you do not have enough staff to fully run your business then you should probably look into hiring another cook!!! But I must have mistaken the establishment for a restaurant, silly me! After checking with management the hostess returned and reluctantly took my order. I asked my mom if she wanted the Red Velvet cake or the Soc it to me cake. The hostess interrupted to advise me that they didnt have that there. I reminded her that the sign outside stated that it was one of the specials today!! 
It took longer for the hostess to take my money and give receipt than it took to get my order packaged to go.

I love Lo-Lo's. My family and I eat at the Scottsdale location 3 times a month. We get the best service there. I have been to the location on Central twice and twice they have failed to provide any service even close to the service in Scottsdale. I am uncertain if it is the location and blatant disregard for customers or a Management issue. Either way, I will not be returning to the Central location. I live in Central Phoenix and would still rather drive to Scottsdale where my money and patronage are appreciated.
Where do I start. Upon arriving, we signed in and were told there was a one hour wait. The reason I did not rate them a 5 is due to the long wait and lack of standing room for those waiting. Otherwise, the experience was excellent. Our server was Monique and she was hospitable and friendly. We asked her for suggestions and she gave us genuine responses. Although it was busy, she did not rush us. The amazing part was that our food took no longer than 10 minutes to arrive. I was blown away. They have a large menu, but are still able to complete orders in such a short amount of time. And the food was hot and tasty. I ordered the smothered chicken and yams and fried okra. The chicken was mouth watering. I could not eat it all. I will definitely be going back. I didn't order waffles this time, but I will when I go back.
Boo on the Food! This place is way over hyped. They tried to charge $7 for a little waffle and 2 cold, greasy chicken thighs. Not impressed at all. The only reason it gets 2 stars is because the waiter was nice and the place looked cool. 

First impressions are everything, so they say, and in this instance I would agree. Since moving here over a year ago I have heard people go on and on about Lolo's chicken and waffles, especially when they find out I moved from the south. "Oh it is the best soul food", "They have the best fried chicken I have had anywhere.." are some of the things people have said. We live in Mesa and there is not a location near us but this morning  we were running errands in Phoenix and drove about 15 minutes out of our way so I could finally try this place that so many people have raved about. The place was decorated nice, it was not too long after they opened and it was not busy, we were seated right away. Took about 10 minutes before we saw a server, our drinks were brought out fairly quick and our order taken. Our food came out pretty quick but what difference does quick service make when the food is cold? The skin on the chicken was not even crisp on the edges, they had obviously been sitting around for a while. I tried a bite anyway, good fried chicken is good hot or cold and this was not good. It had the overwhelming taste of flour and I think the cook forgot to put seasoning on it at all. When the waiter came over to check on us I told him the chicken was cold and I didn't want it, at first he took the plate back and didn't say anything at all, when he brought the check he apologized. I have heard people say how good it is and maybe my experience is isolated but if it really was an uncommon experience then why didn't the waiter seemed surprised when I returned it? Why didn't he offer to get me a fresh plate? Why didn't a manager come over to see what they problem was or to apologize? Maybe they are used to serving sub-standard food, that is the only thing I can think of. This place reminds me of a lot of places that were really good until they got popular, quality of food and service goes down, prices go up and the only reason they stay in business is because they are "cool" or trendy. 

Bottom line - Don't think I will try this place again, there are so many really good restaurants to try in the Phoenix area and when you are going to spend an average of $10+  per person to sit down & eat somewhere, the food should at least be fresh. 

Oh yeah, one more thing, a glass jar of kool-aid should never cost $3, unless you get to take the jar with you.
I don't want to be a snob, but coming from LA we were expecting some great things out of this place. First the wait was incredibly long, which started us off on the wrong foot. The place isn't incredibly big, but tables fill the middle portion, so we weren't sure why it took so long.

Anyways onto the food. We decided to try their traditional fried chicken and waffles and were underwhelmed. The waffles were good (but how can you mess those up), but the chicken was decent. The pitfall was the gravy. I like gravy, but the gravy here was too much. My chicken was doused and drowning in it. I didn't get the fried chicken feel that I wanted. 

Best part about the place was the kool aid. We both forgot how good kool aid was. It was so good that the little one drank a quarter of the mason jug. Staff was friendly, but food was okay. Hopefully the other location is better.
Food is good the waiting staff sucks! They guys were better than the women by far but there is some real room for improvement.
I love this restaurant. Can't beat classic chicken and waffles. I must say though that I am a food lover of sorts. I am addicted to the endless combinations in all varieties of food. I can name hundreds of combos! But when it comes to it and (you know what I mean fellow food connoisseurs) and you are in need of some straight up southern cookin'. I'm tellin' you right now. Lo-Lo's Man! Lo-lo's...! that's all i have to say about that.
This review is for the central location not the Scottsdale location.  I have been to this establishment several times and have not had a good experience yet, but I kept giving them the benefit of the doubt, but last night was the final straw...  One time I went to the establishment to have some of their Red Velvet Cake, before ordering the cake I asked the rude waitress if they had some cake before I even ordered dinner, she replied yes, and guess what after dinner I ordered some Red Velvet Cake for the table and she informed me that they were out and she was sorry, Really!!!!!!   Last night i dropped by and was going to get some Cake for the house and now I guess that they do not do orders to go, just 1 slice of cake really, they are to busy to box up 1 slice of cake.  If you want to have chicken and waffles just go and take the trip to Scottsdale/Thomas southeast corner, no rude waiters and waitress' and the best of customer service.......
the food was only okay.... if you're in the mood for comfort food it would hit the spot. the fried chicken and the cornbread (baked sweet, just the way I like it) are good and if I came back I would order those. however, the waffle was disappointing :-/ it was flimsy and soft, whereas I like my waffles to be crispy on the outside and thicker.

the service here was OUTSTANDING. everyone from the hostess to the servers were extremely friendly and attentive and happily made us a custom drink (half sweet tea, half regular tea... bc the sweet tea alone is way too sweet!).
Seriously why are you here looking at the reviews and not there eating? Go.. now .. do not turn around and dont look for other places.. just go.
I was not disappointed at all! I had the Tre-Tre (2 drumsticks and a waffle) with a side of cheesy grits and cornbread. Everything was delicious! I will be coming back here from now on.
Wish I could rate 0 stars
Fried chicken, waffles, and mac and cheese for breakfast, oh. hell. yes. Lo Lo's food is more than worth the wait, however I did feel kind of rushed when we were finally seated! I understand they wanna turn tables, but I just waited 45 minutes for a table, gimme a minute to decide what I want to eat! Despite the inevitable wait and the hurried service, I will most certainly be eating here again soon. Oh yes. I will.
Went here for the first time.  Wow talk about QUICK and yummy, and hot and delicous, oh yeah I am going back.  Good Value.  Service fantastic.  You gotta go check it out.
The food here is really good and I hate having to give it a poor review, but today, my husband and I waited for well over an hour after we gave our order to get our food.  They told us that it was because of a catering order, but as customers with their rear end in seats at tables languished for over an hour -- we weren't alone, other tables full of people left without eating -- they made NO effort to even offer us anything.  I'm diabetic, so I finally asked them to get me something, but I had to ask.  No accomodation was made for the long wait.  I hope that catering business takes off, because they won't have me as a customer ever again.  The wait staff will likely have suffered from the lack of table turnover, and I left a tip for our wait person even though they were less attentive than usual.  On top of everything, my catfish was overcooked and leathery.  Hardly worth that long wait.
I visited the Central location late in the afternoon when it was about half-full. The styling of the restaurant was modern and there was a good ambiance. We decided to sit on the patio and were seated promptly. 
We came hungry, so we started with chili cheese fries which came out promptly and were dressed with a good balance of cheese and chili. I ordered the waffle and fried chicken breast combo with a side a string beans. And I waited at least 30 minutes for it to arrive. The waffle was a bit soft, while I prefer my waffles crispy on the outside. The chicken and green beans, however, were spot on.
Lo-Lo's will be a go-to spot for comfort food, but the slow service will make me think twice about going.
If you haven't had the food, then your missing out, put it on the to do list immediately
The first time my boyfriend and I ever went to Lo-Lo's was in April of last year. And back then, it was just a house with a modestly sized dining area. It was a bit of a hole in a wall, but the food and service was far from disappointing. :) We went again not too long ago, and they upgraded to a larger building. Of course, the food was still amazing. The koolaid and lemonade is a bit too sweet, even for my taste (which is saying something, because I LOVE sweets), but still good. Oh, but the food. OGAD,THE FOOD.

So good.
SO GOOD.
If you haven't tried Lo-Lo's yet THEN YOU DON'T EVEN UNDERSTAND HOW GOOD THEY ARE.
If all I could eat every time I went to Lo-Lo's was grits and collard greens, they'd STILL get 5 stars. Thank you from the bottom of this Southern boy's heart.
Pros

Nice building
Good size chicken pieces
Great music playing r & b
Clean
Large drink sizes
Waffles were pretty good

Cons 

A lot of staff yet one person checks on you 
Extra charges to meal without serves telling
Eggs with cheese and onions were nothing special
Grits- needed lots of salt and butter and I never use salt 
Credit/debit machine down right when I need to pay
Asked to give cash then they asked to write my credit card number down?
Racist Manager/Owner and he is African AMerican!
Are they crazy this is still the hood?!?
I was forced to go here, it was my first day of work and they all had this lunch thing prepared, so I had no choice but to go. I honestly do not find anything interesting about this place. First of all the location and place is horrible (sorry, but I don't want to get shot during my lunch hour) the food is nothing that you cannot find somewhere else... even KFC has greasy fried chicken. I respect everyone's opinions and tastes, but this is not for me. Unless you want to weight 300 lbs, this is not a place for people that like to watch what they eat/weight/healthy. Too much fat, grease, and sugar.... one star...
I was very excited to finally get to try this Lo Lo's chicken and waffles only to be let down by the lack of seasoning in the chicken, the almost "eggo" low quality of the waffles and the unbelievable amount of sugar in the red koolaid type drink. As I ate it I could almost feel myself getting fatter. When I got back to work I felt the after effects as my body began to crash like I was going into a coma. The three women I ate there with loved it though but they all were very used to this type of food having gone there weekly for some time. The three women I was with were also obese and not health conscious at all. The quantities were big but the taste and quality were not and I doubt I'll be back any time soon.
Lolo's is the result of vision, and putting your heart and soul into painting that vision on the canvas of reality. From the moment my wife and I walked in, we were immersed in the soul food vibe. From the kind hostess, to the music playing softly enough to hear, but still enjoy a conversation, to the walls covered in murals of family portraits, all the way to the food... Oh my, the food. Southern fried chicken and waffles, grits, collard greens, and sweet tea in a mason jar. As I ate, all I could think was, "Thank you, Jesus." The ONLY thing that was a little disappointing was the catfish, a little too thin and a little too dry. But the rest of the experience made it a single drop of rain on a sunny day. If you're ever in Phoenix and you love soul food, do not wait as long as I did to experience Lolo's.
Not quite as good as Roscoe's in LA, but that would be extremely difficult. Lo-Lo's is still fantastic. Love this place!
I went ot Lolo's this weekend with the Breakfast Club (thanks Monica!). It was, of course, a fun time, and the food was pretty good. I, of course, had chicken and waffles (what else?). I got the Betty Boop, which was a breast and a waffle. My waist line is not thrilled, but I was! The chicken was good, it had a good amount of crunchiness, but I wish the breading had more spices in it. A good way to fix that is using their delicious hot sauce. Surprising, the coffee here was very good as well. I will probably not come here often (my thighs can't afford it), but when I'm looking for a breakfast calorie splurge, this is a good place to go. 

PS our server was very nice and accommodating for our large group.
Next time I'm in Phoenix this is my first stop! I ordered the Lo Los with a side of green beans and corn bread. WOW, I love that southern cooking! The sweet tea was amazing and at how many places can you order Kool-Aid on tap!
Saturday morning was 4th meet up for the breakfast club uye, and this time Lo Lo's Chicken & Waffles was picked, as before with the other events, I called the venue to give them the heads up that we are headed their way, this time the hostess who picked up the phone didn't ask for a name or time we were coming in, just said ok, so I arrived at Lo Lo's about a  1/2 hour early to let them know that we will be a party of 10 to 15 at 10am, the hostess this time said well did you call and I explained what happened when I did, she said well next time as for me. Oh ok, and then when it came to be seated we were told we were not getting seated until entire party was here and by this time 8 of us were there, so I told her call us a party 8 and let's get breakfast going! I have to say though Lo Los was the place for huge parties sat morning, there were 2 other groups of 15 waiting to be seated as well. 

We had 2 servers, a nice young lady and Jaqwan, and let me tell you, both servers were great!  Jaqwan was hot on making sure we were taken care of from drinks to food. Love a place with great service! And yes Lo Los was busy but they never looked or made us feel rushed!

I orderd the #8 betty boop , chicken breast with a waffle, I don't know what is it, but I can't get enough of that fried chicken! I don't even eat fried chicken but this place always has me craving more! This was my 1st time to the Phoenix location; I have been to the one in Scottsdale a number times, and I have to say I love the feel of this place, the opened ceiling in the main dining area, the nice comfy green sofa seating in the patio area, even the outside seating was nice, and it was a perfect day to be eating out side but I will have to try that another time.

So regardless of which location, I love me some Lo Los! You betcha I will be back!

Also would like to thank everyone who attends the breakfast club uye, its fun to see everyone and to have a great meal with! Thank you guys!
Being from Cali our go to Chicken and Waffles place is Roscoe's. But Lolo's seems to be a hit out here. 

Fun restaurant with good service and cute decor. Food wise, the waffle at Roscoe's is better. The waffle here was a little more doughy and not as flavorful. Chicken here is better though, crispy on the outside moist inside and flavorful but not salty. The "dranks" here are crazy sweet, I asked for a cup to pour out half my sweet tea and diluted it with half a glass of water lol. Same goes for the lemonade. The grits, mac and cheese and cornbread are yummy. Would love to come back and try some more side dishes!
I love chicken and waffles. That is the best idea anybody ever had. I think Lo-Lo's is the best. Even better than that famous place in California. This was my first time at the Phoenix location. I have been to the Scottsdale location a few time. I don't know which one I like better. They are both great. The Phoenix one does have a very nice outdoor seating are. They have a big green outdoor couch that is very comfy. Great to hang out on while you wait for your table.
I was there for the 4th meeting of the UYE Breakfast Club. Always a good time with great people. I know they have other things on the menu but how do you get by the chicken and waffles. One day I might have to go twice in one day so I can try something else. I ordered the 2 drumsticks and a waffle. #10. It was awesome of course. Don't forget the jar of Kool Aid. Yum. So good. Great service too. Everyone is always really nice. This is the place where I first tried grits. I have heard people complain about grits in general but these were great. Add a little honey and they are almost perfect. Maybe some cinnamon would put them over the top. This one of those places where the food is so good you can't stop eating even though you are full.
The place was very clean and the pictures on the wall are great. This is one of my favorite places and I will be back to this location or the Scottsdale one over and over again.
Please everyone, if you are in Phoenix, AZ you must eat the fried chicken here. Holy smokes is the skin crispy and flavorful! Doesn't feel heavy at all...I should have ordered some to go :/
OK, I have made it to the shirne, the taj mahal, the paradise of chicken and waffles places in Phoenix.  Or at least that's what all the reviews said I should think of the place.

Yeah, I found it OK.

Have i had better friend chicken?  Yes, many times.

Have I had better waffles?  Yes, many times.

But have Iever had chicken and waffles in the same meal?  No, and for that I give them a star.

Personally, I found the chicken over cooked and too salty.  Yes, it is very fresh, crispy and piping hot.  

I found the waffles just average.  I started to think that maybe no one makes waffles at home anymore, because from my point of view the waffles are just as good at my house.

I did have a side of sting beans and red potatoes.  The beans definately looked like they came out of an institutional can, not fresh.  However, I have to say mushy as they were, they were pretty good and a surprise tastiness considering their appearence.

The location was easy to find, I even found street parking.

The staff was a big plus.  They are ever present and attentive, very freindly and helpful. Worth another full star. The decor is simple and the interior was very clean and bright.

So for iced tea, three pieces of chicken, two waffles, beans and potatoes and a slice of red velvet cake to take home, my bill with tip was $30.  For me that was a bit pricey and may not be worth it.  I will give it another shot again later, when I can take someone else to get their opinion.
Good stuff.
GREAT fried chicken, among other things.
Good service 
For what you get, pretty expensive!
I like it & I will go back, but again, for what you get it's over priced.
Delicious food, GREAT service (there were 12 of us and the one waitress was charismatic and on top of everything!), and awesome atmosphere. Definitely a hit and one of Phoenix's best spots!! Thanks Lo-Lo!

PS- If you're going as a big group, bring cash!
I must say that I am impressed with the food here. Since my move from the East Coast I have been searching for rather good soul food. The fried chicken here is moist, crunchy, flavorful, and all that real southern fried chicken is supposed to be. The Mac-n-cheese is a great pairing and the waffles here are delectable. 

The owner has been there each time that I have been, and he has always asked how things were, taking orders, seating people, etc. I love a hands on family owned business that has really yummy food.  

I have not been to the one in Scottsdale, because I am not a Scottsdale fan. I also have not had enough room in my stomach to try the red velvet cake. One day I will get to try the cake.

If you can avoid going here after church on Sunday than you may not wait in a very long line, like I always end up getting! But, nonetheless, I am impressed!
The UYE Breakfast Club was at it again, and what better place to meet up than Lo-Lo's.The place was crazy busy, we sat out side on their big comfy couch waiting for the rest of our party to arrive, lucky for us it was a perfect morning. The smells form kitchen drove me to mad hunger. Unfortunately I can't eat waffles but I think I ate everything else that morning from chicken, potatoes, grits and even shared a piece of their oh so heavenly but sinfully good Red Velvet cake! Jaqwan handled our table with ease and everything was fabulous as always! It's making me hungry just thinking about it. I'll definitly be back soon...
Love love love this place. Whenever I fly in from the northeastern part of the country, this is my first stop. If you eat like a bird and can never jump off the "good calorie" band wagon, don't bother to write a review about how "unhealthy or fattening" the food is. We don't have soul food places like this up north and thank god they don't. The chicken is awesome as are all the sides I have had, especially the collards. I have only eaten at the Phoenix one and probably always will. The staff is friendly and pretty prompt. I don't drink koolaid or sweet tea, but that is my choice, not a judgement call. I have yet to save room for dessert but with the fried chicken so delicious, I would rather just eat that and the collards til I bust. Looking forward to my next visit.
Love the atmosphere, the art pieces on the walls, music is entertaining. I love coming back and it reminds me a little of Roscoe's in Los Angeles. Their chicken is nicely flavored, love their wings, I can eat 10 of those and still ask for more. Their portions are perfect for the price and service is great...no complaints. I've been there four times and never had a bad experience with them.
I love Lo-Lo's and it hurts me to say this, but... The food at the downtown location is sub par to that of the Scottsdale location. I will say that both of my visits to the downtown location were earlier (around 10) in the day so maybe the oil and waffle irons are too fresh . Yesterday though my waffle was barely golden and was mushy. I could have cried. However, the food was still fine and nothing to complain about in regular terms, but the Scottsdale location has set my fried chicken and waffle standards very high. I do love the decor with the mason jar and basket lighting. I will continue to eat at Lo-Lo's but I will have a much further drive because I will only go to the eastside location.
I love to come here! I come here at least twice a month. The food is great along with the staff. My usual is the "Baby Ray." 3 pieces of juicy fried chicken smothered in gravy and onions with 2 waffles. Everything tastes homemade and on point! This is one of my favorite spots for lunch!
Today's lunch adventure: Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles at the Phoenix location. I had to let my food settle before I began writing. I am still in a food coma. I can compare this food coma to being Ryan Lochte for maybe 30 mins, because I feel slow and DUMB- Jeah!  When driving to this place, you better look for it or you will miss it, but it is kind of hard to miss with people surrounding the door waiting to get in. 

We found a parking spot, walked in, gave our name and waited a total of 10 mins. We actually stood outside of the door for a minute or two before we went inside to see if your name was called.  I have been wanting to come to this restaurant for along time now so I am glad I went with my friend Tamirra. She told me to pace myself because if not I will get sick.  I seriously thought by the end of this lunch date I would be sweating grease and my pores would ooze of grease. I order the #9 lil amadi. I order it with 2 thighs and one waffle. It came out in 10 mins and all I can say is Oh my WORD! It was amazeballs.  The chicken skin was crispy and juicy and the waffle could have been in the waffle iron for a tad longer but it wasn't mushy by any means. For the drink, I just ordered a water. There were two girls sitting next to me asking what the kool aid menu was, have you ever imagined asking a server what the koolaid menu was for the day? The server gave the colors and the respective flavors. She named them off: red, blue and purple and then went into the actual flavors tropical punch, blue raspberry and grape.  Classy! :) 

Overall the meal was really good, the service was good as well. The server came probably a handful of times, to give us our drinks, take our order, give us boxes and the check.

The only complaint that I have, which isn't even my problem but apparently they do not allow outside drinks inside of the restaurant. There was a gentleman drinking a starbucks coffee and a server actually stood there and waited for him to take a "last sip" before he had to hand it over.  It wasn't as though he wasn't going to order a purple drank!
The neighborhood?  Shady.  The building?  Super old.  The food? Unhealthy.  But you know what, its worth every penny.  Outstanding comfort food spot.  I've gotten the Lo-Lo's with a jar of blue drank everytime.  Its a caloric nightmare, but its absolutely awesome.  Sweet waffles and syrup mixed with great fried chicken truly is where its at.  This place draws people from all walks of life.  If you want to try a downtown institution for breakfast and (like me) aren't counting calories, you can't go wrong here
I love this place! They have the best fried chicken which taste like it was seasoned from the inside out. Also all of the wait staff are really really friendly and you never have to ask for a refill. I would recommend that you ask for pecan's in your waffles. A server suggested it to me once and now I have to get my waffles like that every time. And don't worry about which location you go to. They have the same level of service and same quality of food at both locations.
Unpopular opinion time, I don't like the chicken, I think it's dry, and I never get it when I go. 

That aside, the waffles are perfect. They're more savory so it goes with the food. If you've never have had grits the first place you should have them is here. Collared greens, fried okra, and the mac and cheese are soo delicious. Cool-Aid? Yes, yes, and yes. It comes in this big ice cold pitcher!! The Red Velvet cake is a true Southern delight, and being from Texas, I think it's perfect. Also the Chrizo is ace!!! The services is so-so, mostly because they're are a lot of teens working. Usually busy so go on an off time, or place an order to pick it up (food travels well).
We actually went to the one on Scottsdale and Indian School. YUM OLA. What fun, delicious food!

Waffles were yummy and paired with juicy, chicken, cooked just right. Great pricing at $7. Casual, lively atmosphere. Can't go wrong for a quick, easy bite. 

Super FRIENDLY service. Will be going back!
I don't get all the hype surrounding chicken and waffles.  This is my second time trying it and I liked the waffle, and I liked the fried chicken, I just didn't think the combination was as orgasmic as other people seem to.  On another note, the corn bread is delicious!
Today was our first time to Lo Lo's and it won't be the last time! We went to the Scottsdale location and the customer service was excellent. We were greeted by a friendly hostess and had a table within 20 minutes. Our server was just as friendly. 

The menu offers many choices so everyone should find options to their liking. Remember this is not diet food so if you expect that and then provide a poor review...shame on you. This is good old fashioned comfort food and did not disappoint. The fried chicken was some of the best we have ever had and the sides were plentiful and very tasty. The gravy with onions was pretty amazing too. My wife really enjoyed the homemade lemonade and I indulged in the grape Kool Aid which was like being a kid again. 

We ended up bringing home plenty of leftovers and had to bring home a slice of the Red Velvet cake. The cake was very moist and not too sweet which was a pleasant surprise and nice finish to our evening.
First time was amazing. It was in the old place and it was small and full of character. The food was awesome. I think they put crack in the waffles. I couldn't wait to go back. I've since been back about 12 times in the past year. It's hit and miss some days. Some days the sweet tea is fantastic, some days it's way too sugary....and I have an entire row of teeth dedicated to my sweet tooth....I've been to both the Scottsdale and Phoenix location but I guess I'm getting over it now. The food is good but maybe not worth the price.
so good, food is great!!
This was the second place I requested to go on our trip to Arizona. My boyfriend isn't as into Soul Food as I am, but he ended up loving it as much as I did! We arrived around 11:45 on Saturday morning and there was a short wait to be seated.

Once seated everything happened very fast. Everybody who works here is very friendly and we were constantly checked on. We both ordered a "jar of drank," Sweet Tea. It was really good. I could taste lots of honey in it. Yum! They also offer to go cups so I was able to take it with me when we left.

My boyfriend ordered Nay Nay's breakfast, two waffles, two eggs, and a bowl of grits. His waffles were delicious, loaded with cinnamon. Loved those. I usually don't like grits, but they were good here. There was so much butter on them, I don't know how somebody couldn't like them!

I went with the Lolo's Famous Soul Food Platter, and I chose three pieces of fried chicken, mac & cheese, and smothered potatoes. This platter is also served with a piece of cornbread. I knew it would be way too much food, but I wanted to try it all. Everything was perfect! The chicken was super juicy, the skin was crispy and salty and exactly what I was hoping it would be. The mac & cheese was flavorful and very cheesy. The smothered potatoes were great, chunks of potatoes swimming in a very peppery gravy with some peppers and onions. And the cornbread was great too, very sweet.

The restaurant is bright and airy and they played awesome music the entire time we were here. The bathroom was very clean. The outdoor patio area was really cute. If I lived in Phoenix I would be here all the time! We were both really glad we stopped by here for lunch, we left full and happy. I am sure we will come here again whenever we visit Arizona.
"Best chicken! Great staff! Good ole southern fried! Juicy, crispy, just plain YUM!!"
I went to see friend Carlos Rivas' art that was recently installed.  

This is not my usual fare, but for that meal once in awhile that is just about enjoying comfort food without a thought of nutritional value, I'd definitely come back.

I enjoyed the chicken breast, it was fried to perfection and not too greasy.  The waffle was the perfect complement.  I tasted my friend's tea, which was diluted in half and it was still way too sweet.  I am just not used to that much sugar.

Everything else was just as I expected, and it satisfied the half of my DNA that prides itself on its Southern roots.  

If you're overly concerned about health and don't have it in you to once in awhile just go eat something for the taste, please don't go here.   Your whining will distract me from enjoying my meal. 

If you "get" that once in awhile a meal like this is perfectly fine, come on over to my table.  We'll share a few sides and enjoy some Southern comfort together!
Service has slipped since they moved into their beautiful new building. Today was our third visit since the new place opened. We were seated quickly, but waited nearly 15 minutes before someone stopped by for a drink order, and nobody stopped in to check on us or refill our drinks once food was delivered.

As usual, the food was excellent and the staff was friendly. But despite what seemed to be dozens of employees roaming the floor, we felt like we were invisible. Lo-Lo's has been a regular in our weekend breakfast rotation for a few years now. Perhaps it's time to look around a bit.
This place never disappoints! 
The chicken is hot and delicious and the waffles are on point. I really liked how the drinks are served in BIG mason jars and their Arnold Palmer is great. 
The servers are really nice and helpful and the place is always busy but not overly crowded.
Very soulful place to go to.
I have a confession: I thought the concept of chicken and waffles was kinda ridiculous -- I mean, that's a lot of unhealthy beige and brown grub on one plate. My second confession is that last Saturday was the first time I indulged in CW and it was on vacation, at Lolo's. Holy banana pants!!! I have been missing out!

The chicken was fresh, hot, crispy, tender - the batter is epic. And the waffle was thin, crunch crunch, almost with a hint of cinnamon, bathed in butter and syrup -- oh-hohoho! LOVE. 

The missing star is due to the macaroni and cheese, disastrous velvety glop. Meh.
Chicken and waffles was a mainstay of living in Carolina. People used to laugh about the combo, but now it is quite hip, and found in upscale LA, SF, LV, even NY versions. They are good but they are mostly overpriced knock-offs. LoLos is a knock-off on Mrs Whites', but I suspect she(mom) approves. This is real deal, and worth every penny
They've got a live DJ!!

Just had to get that out there. I've had the misfortune of a bad experience out in their Scottsdale location, but when I had a girlfriend in town who had just been craving fried chicken, well. There's really not any other place in Phoenix to go to. Except Mrs. White's. And they weren't open late enough.

I didn't know what to expect. I knew that the food would probably be good. That it was in a ghetto part of town. Not to be on a diet before I got here. The basics. 

I was really quite impressed. They had clearly renovated recently. It's bright and stylish and modern. Very busy, and quite loud, thanks to the crowd of people and aforementioned DJ. The food is straight up soul food fare- chicken and waffles, beans and rice, mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. You can get kool aid or lemonade or sweet tea in giant mason jars. The food came out quickly, but was piping hot and fresh. (Unlike our experience with the other location.) My chicken had beautifully crispy skin. My grits were okay. A bit thick and gooshy, but really the star of the show here is the chicken, so frankly I didn't care too much that the sides were a little more mediocre. 

We were so stuffed to the gills at the end we had no room for red velvet cake or any of the tempting sweets. Till next time, Lo-lo's. Till next time.
The best fried chicken and waffles ever!  I think subconsciously you feel less guilty if you order the fried chicken breast but it was awesome.  We all split sides of mac n cheese and collard greens.  Friendly, attentive staff.  Can't wait to go again!
The food is great and the ambiance is great. The hostes or maybe the owener and I had a very nice conversation as if we've know each other for years about her mother and my friend and traveling.  I will be back.
Okay, so I like fried chicken but I'm not the biggest fan, especially the sloppy greasy kind of fried chicken. I haven't been to KFC, Popeyes or Church's Chicken in years and my friend had been suggesting this place since I moved to Phoenix over 4 years ago. Let me just say, I can't believe it took me 4 years to come here, no seriously, I have to slap myself silly for that because LoLo's has renewed my faith in fried chicken. Seriously, I think that was the best fried chicken I've had in my life. The chicken was fried to a perfection, nice golden crisp with minimal grease, that's right, MINIMAL grease! I didn't think that was physically possible for fried chicken but LoLo's debunked that myth! I have the #7, which was 3 chicken wings and a waffle. I've already swooned over the fried chicken, now the waffle was ok, nothing too special, same stuff you get at a waffle house. I still can't get over the friend chicken though.....Anyways, I really liked the atmosphere here, on the south end of downtown, this place gets crazy packed for lunch. A lot of regulars come here and it's obvious from the waiters and waitresses hootin and hollering at the customers when they come in by their first names, kind of cool! Anyways, I will be back for more fried chicken for sure and am curious to try their cat fish!
Every Lo Lo's is great food and atmosphere. This is a very nice one.
I like Lo-Lo's!  The food is always good, love the atmosphere. I guess its cool that they're branching out around the Valley so that more people get to experience the yumminess. I will say, if you call yourself a REAL fan of Lo-Lo's, you must have at least 1 meal at the original location.  

Keep Chick-in on, Lo-Lo's!
Went to visit a friend in Phoenix and she took me to this place. I adore chicken and waffles and I can't help but get it every chance I get! I had the tray-tray? which included 2 fried drumsticks and a waffle. I added a side of mac and cheese & eggs scrambled with cheese (I LOVE CHEESE). I made sure to put the Lo-Lo sauce on my chicken (it's their version of hot sauce). Everything was so delicious!! Topped off my meal with a glass of Kool-Aid! I asked the waitress what flavors they had and she replied "red, blue and grape!," I had to ask if those were the colors or the flavor, then she gave me the flavors...can you say RACHET?! Anyway, everyone there was pleasant and I enjoyed my meal. Will definitely be back whenever I am in the Phoenix area =)
i really wanted to love this place but i gotta say it wasnt as great as some people pump it up to be .....dont get me wrong the food was good but not mind blowing
So I missed the Yelp UYE but 2 months later Smunch visited and I made it.  This time, as opposed to the UYE at the Scottsdale location, I did indeed have a chicken and waffle along with cheesy grits.  Good stuff!  This is one of those legendary downtown restaurants worth making the drive and maybe a bit of a wait for.
So I came to Phoenix 3 years ago for a business trip and had the chance to experience Lo-Lo's. I was so glad that my job was sending me back to Phoenix this month so I could once again experience this place! Imagine my surprise when I arrived in a taxi cab and the place was totally renovated! I mean it's larger, more modern looking and even has a patio. I was worried that the food might not be the same, but it was even better than I remembered. The menu is so extensive and everything looked and sounded good. I decided on 3 pieces of chicken, grits, scrambled eggs with cheese and onions and of course 2 waffles...oh and I had to add a salmon croquette. My coworkers got some of the same things along with fried catfish, mac and cheese and potato salad. We all enjoyed our food tremendously, but you know what else we loved?? The DRANKS! We started out with the Lemonade/Ice Tea mix, then moved on to the Blue Kool Aid and Lemonade mix. My coworker then got a Red, Grape Koolaid and Lemonade mix! Gosh how I love this place. Our server Carlos was awesome, so personable and stayed on top of everything we needed. The one last thing that made this place so awesome and made the dining experience one of the best was the music. Whatever Pandora station they have on rotation or whoever made their playlist is ON POINT! I was grooving the whole time I was eating, two my most favorite things in life, good food and good music.  Oh and how could I forget! I was too full, but best believe I took a piece of lemon cake home! Yessssssssssss Honey!!! Ate a little piece of it today, days later I might add and this is after I traveled back to the East Coast with it in my carry on (it's been in the fridge in between travelling time) and it definitely meets my expectations. Oh how I'll miss you Lo-Lo's I wish there was one in DC, until I see you again Phoenix!

Whether it had still been in that little shack of a restaurant or not, I will always come back to Lo-Lo's , but I'm so proud and happy for you in your new digs!!!
Good for groups was a big NO for us. We went after a graduation and they told us different wait times than what we experienced and fumbled around with the tables and then their excuse was that they had ANOTHER group of 13 who came after us and they needed to seat them as well...The food was good but not amazing as I expected it to be from all the hype.
First time at the remodeled location, wow such a nice place almost drove by it. Actual parking lot instead of parking in the street. 
Chicken and Waffles are awesome and the Kool Aid in the retro flashback. If you have room for dessert their mile high cake is so good.
I will NEVER go AGAIN. I went with a LARGE crew intown for bike week. I first brought them to this place a few yrs ago, before they rebuilt the new place downtown. The owner was nice and humble. Appreciated all 30 PLUS people that came in. Each yr they now come into town they ALL stop in and eat. 

This yr, they rebuilt and EVERY single staff member acted too good or busy.. including the owner. I ordered a SALAD . HOW HARD IS A SALAD WITH CHICKEN. NEVER CAME the owner was very rude and did not care. I will never go again. 

One thing people shouldn't do is forget who you are, WHERE you came from and WHO got you there. Black people ( sorry not about race..BUT) Black people have been supporting LoLos and religiously going from jump. All the sudden you get alil change in pocket...and change ?  You are never too far up... to fall down !

#FAIL. 

p.s. This review is late, and only now thought to do it, as I wanted some lolos today...and recalled the rudeness and said..no go.
Lo Lo's is best at anytime of day!! It was so good I took my entire family there for my post-graduation dinner!! When ever one of my out of town friends come in town I always take them here! Food, service and building are all amazing!!!
I'm teetering between a 4 and a 5 on this one. I went for the first time yesterday and I was IMPRESSED. The restaurant was cleanly but still had an awesome downhome feeling. The hosts/hostesses and all of the wait staff was accommodating and always made sure to check back in or explain menu items. The menu is full of delicious Southern entrees that make it difficult to choose. I plan to make this a regular spot (but not too often don't want to pack on those extra pounds!) LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!
Food here is almost always perfect.. The fried chicken is really good and the stupid fries are really good! The stupid fries are definitely something to share along with your own chicken and waffles.. Unless your a really big eater. Service is usually good but sometimes not so good. Overall I love this place.
Had the stupid fries and they were stupid good. Lemonade was also on point.
Best meal I've had in a long time.  Waffles are incredible, chicken perfect, and corn bread was just right.
Great food and great service.  Will tell others to try them.
I came here with my husband, mom, and aunt on a whim.  My aunt really wanted chicken and waffles, and she said this was the place to go.  I'm glad we listened to her.  The food was tasty and prompt - they all ordered chicken and waffles, but I went with catfish.  I know, I know, totally wrong and weird to order here, but it was really good.  Not my all-time favorite catfish, but good!

Service was great, food was good, and my mom loved that they serve sweetened tea (she's from Nebraska, where this is a foreign concept).  Keep up the good work :)!
Love the cheese grits!  OMG they're to die for.
Of course the chicken n waffles are fabulous.
My 24 year old daughter loved the Kool-Aid on tap.
The service is ok, could be better. but the food is worth the trip.
I have heard talk and praise for Lo Lo's from many sources for the last two or three years, and have been wanting to have an opportunity to try it out nearly all of that time.  Unfortunately, they are not located close to where I live, work, or most often go when I don't have other business to attend to.  I recently had a performance to attend that took me not far from Lo Lo's, and by leaving work a little early figured I could finally try it out before the show.

Most online pictures of the outside are completely obsolete because they have undergone major renovations, and their old building has been destroyed to make room for parking lot.  The service was fine.  I must have got there at a good time, because I was immediately seated.  The staff was attentive, and the food came out quickly.

Finally getting a long awaited chance to experience the legend, I decided to get the signature items they are famous for: chicken and waffles.  I got the two thighs and one waffle combination.  One of the smaller options on their menu, but plenty big to do detectable damage to my waistline.  They have quite a large number of other items and combinations on their menu, so this review can't speak to those.  Only the ones on the sign outside.  I didn't even try their $3 glass of kool-aid (they actually let you know you're paying $3 for kool-aid, which is incredibly cheap to make).  No, I only had water to soften the expected blow of stepping on the scale the next day.

The chicken was good.  That's all I can really say about it.  Just good.  However, given all the praise heaped on this place, "good" left me very disappointed.  I was expecting excellent, outstanding, amazing, unique, clever, inspired, daring, exotic, etc.  No, this was basic fried chicken.  It tasted like fried chicken you might get at a supermarket deli counter, or at an all-you-can-eat buffet trough.  Grab a piece of raw chicken, dip it in egg wash, dip it in flour, and throw it in the fryer.  I couldn't even dectect any spices in the batter.  The least they could do is try to beat KFC, and not just match Hometown Buffet and call it good.

The waffle on the other hand really was excellent.  It had a suggestion of cinnamon that was noticeable without being dominating.  The generous whipped butter they put on it had its own kind of magic.  The syrup brought it all together just right, and was amazingly served in what turned out to be the perfect quantity.  I very much enjoyed every bite of my waffle.  It's hard to say if they are using mediocre chicken to get you to better appreciate your waffle, or if they are using excellent waffles to push their mediocre chicken.

I had to find a special occasion that brought me to the area, and leave work a little early to have a chance to try Lo Lo's.  I won't put in that effort again.  I might go back, especially if it's with a group, but I will probably stick with the waffle and try other menu items besides the chicken.
WHERE DO I BEGIN
for starters lets just say this place is B.O.M.B
the red kool aid ROCKS!!!
the chicken is oh so amazing but the best is the waffles and the honey bbq wings/ chinas chicken . I fell in love all over again
sadly to say but the best relationships i have had are with my food but oh so totally worth it!!!
Based on the positive Yelp reviews we decided to give this place a try and were really disappointed.

First, I let my wife out on the curb to inquire how long the wait was, we were told 20 minutes so I found a place to park across the street and decided to wait the 20 minutes since we had came all the way from Goodyear. Stood waiting for 45 minutes and noticed people that came after us being seated so went up and looked at the waiting list and they had skipped us and been seating people after us with parties of 3 and 4 at tables with four chairs and left us waiting for one of the couple tables of only 2 chairs since there was only two of us. I got upset at the gal running the waiting list and she said "you're next" then proceeded to sit 4 more parties before us before we were finally seated at a table with 4 chairs since a table for 2 never opened up.

That was strike one.

Next, with the name "Chicken and Waffles" I expected to have some good waffles and figured they would be BIG. I ordered 3 chicken wings and 1 waffle for $10.50 and was very disappointed when this little thin waffle came out with 3 little tiny chicken wings. I get bigger wings when be buy fried chicken at the deli counter of Fry's grocery stores. I thought about ordering another waffle but seen they wanted $4 for just a tiny waffle and said screw that. I walked away still hungry.

The chicken had good flavor but the waffle was tiny and soggy and a frozen waffle out of box would have been just as impressive as this waffle.

We were at the place for nearly 2.5 hours and the bill for two of us was right at $30 for lunch and both of us were still hungry when we left. Not worth the price or the wasted time to eat here. Our waitress gave us our drinks and took our order and we never seen her again until she brought me the check as a runner brought the food from the kitchen.
Had the lolo special and it was very delicious!  Fast service too.   Oh the red koolaid was on hit too!
Two locations that makes this doubly good.  Word of advice though, Sundays and Fridays are busy, so be prepared for a little wait.  Wife and I go after work around 4-430 when feasible, before the rush, and we are able to get in, seated, and out.  The chicken is superb, the waffles are golden brown, the catfish is stuperbly bursting with flavors, if you never thought of chicken and waffles, try LoLo's they will change your mind.
I love this place, the food is the bomb and the kool-aid off da hook...
This was my fourth time and last going here. I liked their food but their customer service was HORRIBLE! Everyone, the greeter, the cashier and even the owner were rude. I dk if it was b/c I had carry out or what it was but that was the last time they'll see me. I started this review on 3/9/2012. Sorry for the delay.
When we arrived there was a wait, but it was well worth it. The portions were huge and the flavors delicious. The waffles were my favorite part... I would definitely return next time I am in Phoenix!
Ever since the remodel, there is hardly a wait except Sundays. Delicious juicy chicken, cheesy mac, and tea so sweet it'll give you diabetes! Yumm
I have to admit that I have a love-hate relationship with Lo-Lo's.  The chicken is incredible, the waffles are okay, but the service always drives me nuts!  I'm okay with the sticky menus, the soggy mac and cheese can be overlooked as well, but don't disrespect me or make us wait 30 minutes for a plate of chicken.  

If you're not in a hurry, you will probably love this place, but be prepared for some southern style mosy-like service.  

Here are some tips worth the read:  the chicken is great, but if you really want to taste some soul food, you've got to get the dark meat and collard greens with waffles.  When you order your drink, you've got to try the Kool-aid.  Yes, I'm serious!

Lo-Lo's you've got me all worked up again.  If you could just have some friendly, fast service, I'd be regular and you'd be a bit richer.
Soooo excited that the fearless leader of the breakfast decided on this place for a UYE. Ive been hearing about it for a while, and it lives up to all the hype.

Its smaller, and very homey. The smells when you 1st walk in here are wonderful. It was super busy when we came here, and I wouldnt surprised if thats how it is always. We waited on their nice little patio for our entire group to arrive in order to be seated.

Finally our stragglers arrived and we were able to check out the menu. Very simple, home style food. Lots of different options to chose from. I decided on the classic chicken and waffles, my husband decided on just the waffle and a side of mac and cheese. His waffle was huge (thats what she said), and he really enjoyed his mac and cheese. I was very happy w/ my juicy chicken and waffle. It really was so so good. And the Koolaid! Awesome. It wouldve been better if it was served in Ball jars instead of Kerr jars, but Im biased. :)

Go here. Brave the wait and be deliciously rewarded.
Ahhhh....Lo-Lo's....the best of the best when it comes to Phoenix's (early) late night delights. The soul food here is to die for--definitely THE BEST in the valley. If you've never been to Lo-Lo's you're missing out. Period.

Overall, the wait is worth the fried gold at the end of the rainbow.
This review would easily be five stars if it was based on food alone.The combination of waffles and fried chicken is amazing. It is truly fried southern goodness. We also ordered some cornbread to hold us over until the food got there and it was perfectly made.

We were there during the Sunday morning brunch rush, but the wait actually wasn't that bad.Unfortunately, the service, which wasn't great when it was the small house got much worse with the upgraded structure. The new building is great and the music really compliments the ambiance as well. Our drink order came out wrong (ice tea instead of hot tea) and when we told the server, she never fixed it. She took an additional 10 minutes to get our order after that. Once we got our meal, she never returned to ensure it was correct either. We asked for our check and ten minutes later she asked us if we wanted dessert and we had to ask for our check again. Eventually we got it from another server. It's a shame that the service doesn't reflect the quality of the food.
Still good food, but boy did they reduce the portions BUT NOT THEIR PRICES.  So, small piece of Chicken Chicken, but same BIG BIG price.  I guess you are paying for their new building.  Slow food service and wait staff only filled drinks twice.  Probably won't go back, I can make the same chicken at my house for 1/3 the price.  I was just so disappointed this time by the very small portion, the minimal service  and wait for the food, that I won't be back.  When I went the times that it was in the small building, portions were consistent with price, but now...was like a small chicken tender for $15 and food was served quickly, over 35 minute wait is a bit outrageous.  Overall experience in new building has gone downhill.  I am sad, I LOVED this place.
It doesn't get any better than this. Sunday morning wait time for a party of 8 was only about 25 minutes. The scent of those heavenly waffles and crispy fried chicken was wafting through the parking lot and waiting area, driving us nuts! We tried just about everything again this morning sharing deliciously crispy fried chicken that was moist and tender; flavorful waffles with lots of butter and maple syrup; coarse ground grits that are just this side of perfection; sweet candied yams with enough brown sugar to melt your bitter away; green beans with just a touch of spice and some red potatoes; and that velvety banana pudding. Oh my land! Service from Chris and his crew was some of the best we've ever had. Keep it up Lolo's and we'll keep coming back again and again and again.
Food is great and the new building is quite roomy and nice (even if I miss the nostalgia of the old location). But I can't give it 5 starts because of the rule of not allowing multiple credit cards for payment. This policy - especially with large parties - was pretty inconvenient. There were people in my party who were annoyed enough not to come back. :-(
LoLos was highly recommended by my coworkers so I decided to take a date there. It was ok, nothing special. I'd say the hype was overblown, to be honest. I mean, the palce is exactly what it says -- chicken and waffles. I can heat up some Tyson chicken strips, toast 4 Strawberry Eggos and save myself the gas. The sweet tea was good (served in a mason jar if I recall correctly), but I can't give the place more than 3 stars since chicken and waffles seems hardly innovative.
The food is amazing. The servers are great. The hostesses are not informed on what's going on. But the reason I'm giving them a 1 star review is because the manager, Mils, (I believe that was his name and as he informed me, he's the ONLY manager they have) is quite possibly the rudest, most condescending person ever. Dude, you're in the industry of CUSTOMER service. Learn how to properly interact with people. I will NEVER go back based on him, solely him. I tell everyone I know not go there because of him. I have never been treated so poorly after making a reservation for 20 3 weeks in advance and being told upon arrival that they had no table ready because no one had made a reservation when their hostess had called literally an hour and a half before to confirm that we were still coming. He was so incredibly rude about it, talked down to me telling me I didn't know what I was talking about, I was wrong and I must have made up the reservation until I played him the message from the hostess at which point, he just walked away. The owner stepped in and asked tables to move so they could get our group in.. We still waited for over 45 minutes. UGH, I work in the restaurant industry, I can NOT imagine treating people this way and expecting them to return. SO BAD. I would highly suggest improving your customer service skills, Mils. You're awful.
This location is great!  We sat out on the patio since the wait for inside was almost an hour.  YIKES.  It was a good choice though... a little hot but the misters kept us cool.  

Love the drinks.  The Koolaid is great!!!  This time... I opted for an unsweetened tea with a splash of lemonade... delicious.

The service here is divine.  Seriously.  Everything you could want out of a waitstaff... attentive, friendly & always smiling.  It seems like a great place to work and that really shows.

I had the Betty Boop... consisting of a waffle & a chicken breast.  I'll just eat half, I told myself... and skip the syrup.  NOPE.  I drenched my waffle & chicken with syrup, inhaled the waffle & practically licked my plate clean.  No regrets.  Everyone gets a cheat day, right?

I'll be back, Lo-Lo's.  :)
A funky old house, I believe, converted to restaurant.  The waffles are amazing (and we eat real waffles at home all the time), the chicken was just as you would expect...wonderful.  A real treat!
This place is amazing! My dad brother and I went  there for dinner last night and  we had 
to wait 45 minutes but it was totally worth it! my brother said  we should only order 2 number 3s (thats what we all wanted) and it will be less money. so we ordered 2 #3 a cornbread for each of us it is amazing cornbread and a dollar for a piece and a side of cheese grits  we have 2 full waffles an 4 pieces of chicken leftover! and they have koolaid you never really find koolaid in restaurants amazing food and really friendly service and employees were always smiling !
Since my original review the location has been renovated to accommodate more people and has been modernized. 

Although to me it has lost the charm that the smaller locale had, the food is the same great tasting chicken and waffles, grits, catfish, etc. and wait staff is nice and attentive.
Since they moved to their new building the food is SO much better! The service at the PHX location is phenomenal too. I am from the South and this is the best comfort/soul food I have had in the 2 years I have been in Arizona.
I love this place. It's just always busy. We get here in the mornings on Saturday at open to avoid the lines.

Chicken and Waffles, grits, greens, fried eggs with cheese and onions, Sweet tea and corn bread.  All Good.  Service is usually good, hit ot miss here but the food in great all the time.

There is a location in Scottsdale too.
I have eaten here a few times, and this review is long overdue.  First, I would like to begin by saying that the outside dcor and parking lot full of cars at this place are a definite indicator of the pleasant experience that you will have, once you dine here.  I believe this is a family run establishment, and most certainly feels that way, with the hospitality and generally courteous nature of the staff.  What more can I say???  The food is excellent, Great service and great prices. I was in Phoenix this week and we (the guys and myself) ate there Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday.  Great experience each time.  If you like Soul/Southern Food, this place should be on your list.
I could get drunk on the grape koolaid any day! And don't get me started on the cheese grits, or the reason for our trip...the chicken & waffles! I love this place. What a great atmosphere.
I had an awesome experience at Lo'Lo's... The food was awesome! I was disappointed with the fact of not being able to spit the check over a group of 5... But I had an awesome time!
KOOLAID KID reminded me of home...nice touch..i know I know..this is suppose to be about the chicken & waffles, but I must say quenching my thirst is very important to me..so back to the food..it was just that chicken(no flavor) & waffles(nothing special)..mac & cheese was very nice...and the new building was very very nice..okay that's all
I was really apprehensive to try LoLo's again after the big overhaul... afraid that it would lose the quality and charm that made it something special... Boy was I wrong!!!

The food is amazing.  Fried chicken perfectly seasoned, juicy and crispy! Mac & chee, waffles, green beans all cooked to southern perfection! 

A giant mason jar of blue kool-aid is the ultimate accompaniment  in my opinion, but they now have a wide range of alcoholic bevvies to wet your whistle if you prefer.

Chef Nicky stopped by our table twice to personally ask us about how we enjoyed our food - nice touch!  (And this is just one example of the spectacular service that we experienced the entire time we were at LoLo's!)

This place is rockin! I can't wait to show it off to out of town guests and local friends alike!
Excited to get some great chicken and waffles that I hear the reviews speak of. I see several post about bad service but think, oh well I'll see for myself. Walk in, not too busy, greeted with a smile. Seated right away,  looked over menu carefully as a first timer. Made a decision about my drink finally, still no one came. Made a decision about the meal, still no one. Checked out the place, did a little people watching, still no one. Couple came in and  seated several rows from me, waiter brought food to a table close, checked on another table, proceeded to greet and take drink orders for that couple. Immediately upset, got up to walk out as he appeared to make it over to my table finally, unacceptable. No apology, nothing, just stood back and watched me walk away. Dear Sir, travel nurse here that all meals are paid for tax free. I usually order a drink, meal, extra sides, possible second meal for lunch the next day and if I have room a dessert. Why? because I can that's why, afterwards with good service I tip REALLY well. So with that being said, I just took that good old government money to another place of business, THANKS!!!!!!
Ok, so the idea of eating chicken and waffles never has appealed to me.  It just seemed wrong, like i was violating a law of some kind.  But my friend invited me to go to Lo-Lo's for lunch and I gave in.  Boy, was I wrong about how it would taste!  There is something about the flavors that just work great together.  If you have never tried it, I recommend it.  

We went to the Phoenix location, and it was very busy at lunch time, so get there early or you will probably have a wait.  The service was friendly, with lots of smiles, which made me feel at home.  I had chicken and waffles, corn bread, and mac-n-cheese.  The chicken can come with gravy, which makes it messy to eat, but mmmmmmm...get the gravy.  The corn bread is very good too.  

My only complaint is that the waffle was on the thin side, but was still a great flavor to add to the fried chicken.  They have a large menu of classic soul food items, so there is a lot to choose from.  I went there about three weeks ago, and I haven't been able to stop thinking about chicken and waffles since, so i know I will be going back soon, and will buy one of their t-shirts too.
"Mason jars make me excited"

This was one of those places you get excited about because it's soul food in the south.. well not sure if you would call Phoenix the south, but you get the point. 

This place is a solid 3.5 for the food experience, but when I think about round up or round down, the other touches allow me to comfortably nudge this place to a 4.

+Service was amazing. I appreciate other waiters asking do you need anything. Sometimes your server can get caught up and you are left waiting. Equally important, the server had an opinion. The worst thing is when you ask someone about an item and they shrug their shoulders.
+Food came out pretty quickly and nice and warm. I order the mix - fried chicken and a piece of catfish with greens, red potatoes and green beans, and a side of macaroni and cheese. I thought the fish was tasty, the chicken was better than okay but not great.. and the greens/green beans were just okay. I ordered the red velvet as well and well.. how can you NOT have cream cheese frosting. After letting it sit a day I liked it more.. but something was missing. 
+Mason Jars: Yes, folks, this deserved it's own line. A place totally rocks when they serve your drink in a mason jar! I loved it. If I wanted a sugar rush, I could have ordered the kool-aid. That's awesomeness.

Even with the slightly above average food experience, I would totally go back and continue to explore the menu. I will say I was a fan of their hot sauce. It has the right amount of kick to it.
Never a bad experience.  Always leave full and satisfied.  Today's visit we were greeted by the extremely nice and personable chef. The mac and cheese was beyond delicious and chicken and waffles never disappoint!! Looking forward to my next visit.
Having lived in LA most of my life I had a difficult time finding the comfort foods Phoenix had to offer. LoLo's has taken the concept (I think) Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles created to a new level. A must have.
Holy crap this place is expensive for being in the hood. I had a catfish samich with Mac and cheese and a drink  $20.45 without tip. Ya go to church's or Popeye's if your on Obama care.
I've been to Lo-Lo's (and catered another office luncheon) several times since my first review for them and it's always the same thing when I do patronize them; amazing, flavorful food cooked with love and served by gracious, friendly servers.  

The last time I went to their Phoenix location they had a special on an appetizer of fried green tomatoes and my husband and I tried them and were so impressed with them, delicious!  I definitely suggest you order them if they are offering them when you go!
As a LA native I have had the famous Roscoes chicken & waffles, this is BETTER.  I never thought I would ever say that.  Every time I come here we come in a big group, they are really accommodating and quick with the food.  The servers are really friendly and they have kool-aid on tap, if you're a fan.  The chicken is delicious, perfectly seasoned, perfectly fried, and perfectly juicy! The waffle was not soggy and compliments the chicken well.  The mac and cheese is so good.  Be ready to be so full you can't breathe though! Big portions and super heavy.  Its a must try if you are ever in Phoenix!
If you love soul food, you'll love this!! My personal fave is the Betty Boop. It comes with a waffle and a breast. The portions are big, so bring your appetite! The chicken is out of this world good! The seasonings used are amazing. The sweet tea is to die for as well. You really can't go wrong here. Try the chicken tenders as well. Don't forget to try their grape draaannnk. Will always be coming back here!
My fiance and I ate here while vacationing in the Phoenix area. It is in the "hood" but the inside is really nice. There were multiple tvs showing football games on this busy Sunday afternoon.  It was very crowded and the wait was about 40 minutes.  When our name was called, the hostess (speaking a mile a minute) said we had to sit at a "two-fer" or outside.  Mind you it was about 90 degrees.  I had to ask several times what a "two-fer" was before she finally responded and said a table for two. We took that table and it was TINY! I would have liked to have been asked from the beginning if we were ok with sitting outside rather than almost being threatened (which is what it sounded 
and felt like). Her tone was totally unprofessional. 

Ok so the food....I had chicken and waffles.  The good: the chicken wasn't by Banquet.  You could tell it was the kind your mother chopped up and fried fresh. The bad: The chicken lacked flavor. The waffle was small and just blah. Not bad...not good. My fiance had chicken, catfish, fries and mac n cheese. His fries were undercooked and it was visible. He said the fish was good but also a tad undercooked. He said the mac n cheese tasted like it was missing something.  Overall, I'd give the food a C. I think it is very overrated or maybe there just aren't many options in Phoenix. 

The service...two different ladies served us but once our food came, they forgot about us. A man I'm assuming is the manager walked by and offered us drink refills after our glasses sat empty for 10-15 minutes.

Overall...a so-so experience. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again but I wouldn't throw a tantrum if this is where a friend wanted  to dine.
I like Roscoe's so I had to a comparison. The chicken was good and juicy. The waffle was a little doughy.
I LOVE this place. Such a great atmosphere and delicious food. I always look forward to going back. 

The chicken and waffles are fantastic, but try some of their other offerings.. The real cheese mac n cheese is amazing, as is the red velvet cake.
If it's Friday, it's time for LoLo's
Love lolos. their waffle are sop delicious. it seems like they have a hint of cinnamon. their brown gravy is to die for. i could literally drink a cup of gravy by itslef. the sweet tea is amazing! service an atmosphere is aways friendly and the establishment is extremely clean. every other menu item is just as delicious.
They have delicious chicken and waffles. They have regular wings not those steroid plumped wings I get at the bar. The drinks come in mason jars. The service was excellent and I will certainly go back. They get very busy but it's well worth it.
The new spot is pretty nice. Definitely enjoyed the patio with the beautiful weather. 

Long story short: I've dined in plenty of times now and the food is consistently awesome and the service is always spot on.  

Only request: I miss the greens from their old spot when they used to be spicier with red pepper flakes. Either way greens r still tasty and I get the spice from the hot sauce.
As a former Atlanta resident and a forever lover of the South and all its delicious food, racist people and humid weather it has to offer- it was my absolute pleasure to bring my friend to his first ever Chicken & Waffle meal.

Although the Scottsdale location is closer to my house, I insisted on my 25min drive to downtown Phoenix to eat at this Lolos because I refused to eat C&W at a place surrounded by floppy hats, leftover nightclub makeup and eating disorders. I wanted Southern-ghetto-fabulous and damnit,  I got it. And even though we showed up at 1 for brunch, we were still faced with a line literally out the door and almost around the block... yet we still put our name down and waited. The place is quite big so even with a large wait list our wait was still only 20mins- not too terrible. As we waited outside and got closer to the entrance, we kept admiring the people that came out with their to-go box, holding their stomachs and making jokes about being so full that they'll roll down the hill. "Thats what I want to be like!" I cried, super giddy with excitement. 

We got seated soon enough and we already knew what we wanted (obviously we spent our time outside planning out our meal). Between the two of us we ordered: Chicken and waffles (duh), Fried & smothered pork chops with mac and cheese, green beans and corn bread, fried green tomato appetizer and a giant mason jar of purple kool aid.

As our feast arrived, I could feel my heart beating faster and my arteries clogging up. This was going to be a challenge worth fighting for. We started with the C&W and each put a half-waffle and half-chicken on our plate. My friend starts eating the chicken and I immediately go in a panic. "What are you doing! No! That's not how you eat it!". After giving him a long and passionate sermon, I bring a random server to our table to reinforce my lecture about the correct way of eating C+W. The server agrees:

************You grab your waffle. Add a layer of honey/syrup on top of every square of your waffle. You place your chicken ON TOP (either cut-up or whole). You cover the chicken with hot sauce. You grab your knife and fork (OR fold the waffle like a taco) and YOU EAT A BITE OF EVERYTHING AT ONCE************ 

As he took his first bite I swear I saw unicorns and rainbows come out of his eyes. He finally got it. The sweet, salty, spicy, crunchy, soft, fried goodness that is a well-executed C+W. Its sweaty redneck sex on a plate. Its fucking good.

After that, you could've given us a flaccid french fry and we would have still called it a successful meal. The cornbread was amazing, the mac and cheese was tasty and the pork chop was the size of an overweight chihuahua. The only thing not worth ordering was the damn fried green tomatoes: only 4 slices for $7, completely covered in salt, with a side of salt and some extra salt to go with it. Half-way through the meal we found ourselves surrounded by 3 servers and the chef, all gathered to answer the "what are gizzards made of?" question- all because they were afraid that we would be grossed out by the definition. We were all cracking jokes and enjoying their company.

As we were down to 1 fried green tomato and half a porkchop left, we started breathing heavily. "I don't think I can eat any more" said one person. "WE MUST FINISH THIS" said, well, me. Using every bone in my body to be able to eat the last couple bites, we took the nasty green tomatoes in a box and called the whole thing a victory. As soon as we sat in my car and turned the car on I grabbed my stomach and said "I'm sorry, I need to do this"- *takes off belt. "OOOHHHH GOD. MUCHH BETTER". I regret nothing.
Went here for years but after they expanded seems like they lost the customer service.
My husband and I were ignored, waiting out for with a dozen other people waiting to be called. Then was talked to rudely when we asked when we were Nwxt. They said they sat 3 people before us that we did answer...because we were outside. The was no standing room inside. Waited inside to make sure they weren't going to sit someone else  and was basically told we were in the way. Took a friend and son with us..we called as we walked out. 

BAd CUSTOMER SERVICE. WOULDN'T WASTE MY TIME THERE AGAIN
GO TO DOWN SOUTH INSTEAD!
Place was super busy, yet we were seated quickly. Customer service, price, and quality of food/drinks are awesome :)
By far the best place for some chicken and waffles with a nice tall mason jar full of red Kool-Aid!

While some may say the location isn't the best [okay, it can seem pretty sketchy after dusk], the food is amazing!  I usually get the Betty Boop [a waffle and a breast] and some mac & cheese if I'm feeling extra hungry.  The waffle is always crisp and delicious and the fried chicken is delicious.  Gotta love that savory-sweet combo of a syrup-y bite of waffle with a juicy bite of chicken.  *shivers*

The service is always friendly and this place is usually packed. Lo-Lo's definitely lives up to all their hype [don't go to the Scottsdale location though.  Totes not the same.]~!
A must-stop over when you're in the Phoenix area. Best southern food i've ever had! Far better than Roscoe's hands down. Their fried chicken is nicely seasoned. Not too much batter so when you bite into it, you're getting the right amount of crunch without the doughy taste. And it's juicy too! Even the breast. Their house made hot sauce is perfect on everything. I also ordered the biscuits and gravy. Biscuits were soft and fluffy and the gravy was legit too! And the service we got was really good. Def coming back when i get another chance.
Came here for the first time and loved it. We were seated right away. The waitress came
Over and took our order. I ordered the Betty Boop, which is a fried chicken breast and one waffle. My boss ordered a Betty Boop as well, and his wife ordered biscuits and gravy. We were served our drinks in large mason jars. I ordered Pepsi, and my boss ordered... Wait for it... Red Kool Aid!!! I thought that was awesome! So southern! The food came out about 10 minutes after ordering and it looked mouthwatering. The chicken was fried just right, and the waffle was so good! Next time
I want to try the biscuits and gravy... If I ever come back to Phoenix in the near future. We also had a side of green beans, and they were delicious. They had a southern Cajun kick to them, but it was so tasty. Not too spicy. Prices are good, not too expensive and the food portions are fulfilling! I left here satisfied!
Very good southern fried chicken and waffles.  Wait staff was amazing and the sweet tea is out of this world good. The waffles remind me of Waffle House waffles, and that's a good thing!  

I had the chicken tenders and you could tell they were breaded in the kitchen and no pre-frozen. My wife had the chicken and waffles and she really enjoyed it!  


Overall, I highly recommend this place!
I've reviewed you before and every time I visit I am more in love with you. Yesterday's meal couldn't have been any better. How is the food so fresh, hot, and delicious time after time after time? Service is amazing as always and the fried chicken was on point. Our sides - candied sweets (wow!) homey grits, spicy green beans and red beans over rice were all terrific too. If only fried chicken were fat free..... Love you Lolo's!!
Delicious!! Had chicken, waffles, mac n cheese, greens, and cornbread. I'm stuffed. Excellent friendly service!!
omggsssshhhhhhh all that i have enough energy to say (due to me being completely satisfied and stuffed) is black owned business #mypeoplearewinning #newasustudentfromchicagocaliforn
So FAR the best chicken waffles and sides of the West coast. I was not impressed with the macaroni and potato salad but otherwise still the best. Roscoes was not as good in my opinion as the chicken was dry. Here it was juicy, tender, and very moist.
If you haven't been to Lolo's in a while you'll be amazed at how it's changed. At least I was. And don't worry, the changes are good. The place is WAY bigger than it used to be. They even have valet parking now! But it's still as packed as ever and the food is as awesome as ever.

I met up with some friends on Sunday morning. We had to wait about 25 minutes but they have a nice seating area on their patio so it was fine.

After we were seated the first thing we ordered was Kool-Aid. Red. This is the sweetest Kool-Aid I've ever had. They must use twice the sugar. But it is so good and it goes so well with the chicken and waffles. I always get the Tre Tre's - 2 drumsticks and a waffle. They really do have the best fried chicken in town and when you get some of the maple syrup on the chicken, it's just the best thing ever.

My friends ordered a croquette to have as a side and it was disappointing. For $4 it was pretty small, and they only got one. It was not really worth it. Go for the mac and cheese instead!

For a good soul food breakfast, nothing in town beats this place.
Traveled to Phoenix via car and after five hours on the road, the food at Lo Lo's hit the spot.  We arrived around 8p on a Tuesday evening and it was 2/3 full.  We were seated immediately.  Staff was attentive.  Ordered food and it was on the table within ten minutes popping hot.  Chicken, waffles, cheesy eggs, cheesy grits, greens ... wonderful meal!!
Well...a splurge is a splurge right? I hadn't been to a chicken and waffles joint since I lived in LA years ago so I knew the kids would be all for BREAKFAST FOR DINNER (aka waffles and chicken). The place is bright and hella noisy music wise but service was friendly and attentive. The fried chicken was absolutely top notch and I love, love, love, rooster hot sauce. The waffles weren't as great as the chicken but my kids still devoured them. The collards were surprisingly bland but fries were good and again the chicken is fabulous!
I've been coming here since high school and this is THE spot in Phoenix for Chicken & Waffles. You have to go to the one downtown. I went to the Scottsdale location and it just wasn't the same. The original downtown location is in this old house, which is very cozy and inviting whereas the Scottsdale location is a huge space in a strip mall (though I heard they're moving locations?) where they are pumping out meals so I don't think the food is quite as good (it does comes out faster).

The fried chicken is crispy and delicious and the waffles are large thin but still have that crunch. The sides are also pretty good, especially the mac n cheese, but I usually don't have room for much more than the chicken and waffles. I go with the Lo-Lo's- 3 pieces of chicken and 2 waffles. Great sugary drinks in mason jars--sweet tea, lemonade, kool aid. Mmmm haven't been to Lo-Los in a while, just writing this makes me want to go back.
3rd stike..... I will never return to this location. 

This is the third and final time I will set foot in this location. Todays encounter was by far the worst. My mother called in a to go order because she figured it would be busy. When my son arrived we stood at the door as there were several people waiting to be seated. I received a text from my mother informing me that it would be an hour for the order to be ready. I looked around and there were several empty tables in the middle of the room, 2 empty booths along the window and the banquest room was empty. I approached the counter and asked the hostess if it was really going to take an hour to get a to go? She replied yes, we have people sitting at tables that havent had their orders filled in 30 mins or more. i directed her sight to the multiple open tables and asked for an explanation. She said "OBVIOUSLY WE'RE BUSY"!! I then asked to speak with the manager, whom happened to be walking up. I stepped to the side to address the manager. I informed the manager that this was my 3rd attempt at getting a to go order. I explained that my family and I go to the Scottsdale location very often. From the start the manager was very condescending. I informed him of my most recent visit to simply get dessert,(Which on that visit I was informed that they were'nt doing to go orders because it slows down the kitchen. But they would see if they could get me a slice of cake)! After explaining my frustration to the manager his reply was simply "oh well", while staring blankly into my face. I asked the manager for his name which he gladly offered while extending his hand, "I'M LARRY WHITE, THE OWNER... I AM LoLo!' Raising his voice and gripping my hand as if to intimidate me! I shook his hand as he squeezed like we were at some stand off in the playground, childish attempt to display authority! I politely informed Mr. White that there was no need to attempt aggression and raise his voice. I reminded him that I was calm and the tone in my voice had not changed AND I would appreciate it if he would not attempt to disrespect me in front of my 4yr old by raising his voice to me. I thanked Mr. White and requested that he cancel my mothers to go order request. 
As mentioned, my family and I are loyal patrons of the Scottsdale location. It is really sad that the level of service is not the same. But here is a suggestion, maybe if your kitchen staff cannot handle the level of business that you do, HIRE MORE STAFF!!! Or better yet, turn down the music and have the DJ help out! It's a restaurant not a night club. But I am not a Business Major so maybe I don't know from what I speak.
Went 2 the original lolo's in AZ. It was recommended by my son who lived here for 3 years. Needless to say it was spectacular! The chicken was scrumptious and the waffle was tasty. I strongly recommend this spot to you all. To me it is the Roscoes of Az. One of the staff mentioned the owner of this place and the owner of Roscoe's are friends ......  I will be back!
I haven't been to this location in a very long time, and when I did today. I came to a brand new restaurant. Everything changed, idk how I feel about it. Its in the hood ghetto area, then all of a sudden you walk in, its like the location in Scottsdale.  Eehhhh. I like the old restaurant layout better.. and whatttttt? Valet parking? Yesss they did. They upgrade it.

Best customer service.  They constantly refilled my drink,  so I was never parched :)))

I was bummed that my waffles was soft and crispy. . 
:/ my mac and cheese was delish!
Lo-Lo's has been updated and I like the new restaurant. It's more spacious. Easier to get around in, more items on the menu and it looks great inside!

Fried Green Tomatoes! Oh my goodness! They were the special appetizer. And man, were they good! I tried the sauce, but I liked them better without it. They were tart and the paprika added such a great flavor to them that four wasn't enough.

The chicken and grits were fantastic as always.

My absolute favorite thing on the menu is the macaroni and cheese. I eat it like dessert. I could get just that.

Lo-Lo's is one of the main things that I miss in Phoenix. We eat here almost every time we pass though.
Just a tip I just got informed that you cant park on the building near by, like i have been doing:) so just park near the houses if you cant  find a parking spot near the place
I like chicken and waffles.  This is good!  The service was good.
I had the best breakfast ever at Lo-Lo's. My husband heard about this place from one of his friends and we just had to check it out while we were in Phoenix from Virginia for a wedding. We are so glad we did, the food is A-m-a-z-i-n-g and the service is just as wonderful!  The waffles were some of the best I have ever had at a restaurant and the chicken was done just right! Yum! :) I wish we had better places like this in our area. We hope to eat here again next time we are in Phoenix! :)
A friend of mine kept talking about Lo-Lo's and how great it is.  Today, we went.  Wow, I have to agree.  We were greeted right away at the door.  Our waitress came over, introduced herself, and took us to our table.  Immediately, she asked what we wanted to drink, and brought out our drinks in less than a minute.  I had the vegetable plate.  The Fried Okra was good, but not as good as my wife makes.  The beans and rice were "OK".  I also had corn - delicious, and green beans - delicious, and a sweet cornbread (also delicious).  I can't wait to go back and try some more vegetables!
I've been to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in Los Angeles, where it's the talk of the town for being the best in its speciality. For you locals that wish you could try it...

...go to Lolo's instead. 

This isn't hometown bias, either! Hands down, I prefer Lolo's. The chicken is cooked to crispy perfection and the waffles are fluffy yet flat and soft yet crunchy, all with a slight hint of cinnamon. I never go here without ordering a huge mason jar full of Kool-Aid. The sense of family in this newly-renovated building is great; I always feel right at home. Their Mac-n-cheese is great, too! Sometimes you can catch them making their food in the front window where they have all their ingredients and kitchen tools out for display. 

I promise you won't be disappointed. You'll leave with a super full stomach and a smile on your face.
AMAZING!! Yes, 5 stars.

Went last night with some friends after first friday. Didn't even know they stayed open until late on First Fridays.

Food: 5 stars
Atmosphere: 5 stars
Staff: 5 stars
Staying open until late with DJ thanks to first friday: Priceless

Food. I ordered and always order Lolo's. 3 pieces of Crispy delicious chicken and 2 waffles. I can't get over how amazing their chicken comes out! The spices in their mix is unbelievably overwhelming. The waffles; Delish! Sweet tea; a little too sweet. but when the ice is watered down its perfect!

Atmosphere is very "Southern Hospitality". The way it looks now can not be compared to what it used to look like. Complete day and night difference! I love Love LOVE it!

Staff. Super Friendly! The girl who served us was very attentive to us (: Major plus! To the ppl that work here; I give you props! Keeping a smile on your face and taking very good care of your customers while keeping everyone happy is hard! 

There is one downside in all this. The wait. :( 

LoLo's, Thank you!
Have been to this and the Scottsdale location several times. Good food and laid back atmosphere. Sometimes you might have to wait longer than you would like for a refill or to pay your bill, but generally the service is decent. 

I usually get the fried catfish plate with Mac n cheese and greens. Have also tried the waffle sandwich. Stepped outside the box once or twice and got the shrimp n grits and the salmon croquettes. Not impressed with either. Also wish they had peach cobbler.
Downtown location has been renovated.  It's gorgeous and roomy but definately seems to have been "Scottsdale-a-fried" (get it?); it just doesnt' seem right that LoLo's downtown location has "Valet parking." 

Since this is an update to my original review, I want to call out that I have a new menu favorite:  Stupid Fries -Hot seasoned fries topped with tender fried white meat chicken, gravy & onions, green & red bell peppers covered w/ cheese.  YMTS(f).
You
MUST
Try
Stupid fries

Also - if it's a slow day, ask your waiter if the Chef will make you a Chicken Waffle Martini - if the stars are aligned, you will be rewarded with the most unique and delicious martini you have ever tasted.
WOW! That is the one word that describes this place. Our last day in Scottsdale and we wanted to venture over to Phoenix for some soul food. I am so happy we found this place. Let's just say I have to unbutton my pants because my belly is full! Everything was great!
I loved it....  Waffles and Chicken.... What a concept!  I even had Kool Aid for my drink....  Mac n cheese, cornbread and more.....  This place is awesome and our group of 21 loved it!  A must try eatery....
Food was awsome.   The chicken and waffles were awsome.  A little slow coming out but turned out to be wort it.
A definite must! The food was great and prices were too. Called ahead for a group and they treated us like VIPs. As a Mac & cheese expert, make sure to have theirs, DELICIOUS. Wonderful.
Always good! Always clean! Best service from Jamal as usual! We drive up from Tucson just to come eat here! Wish we had one in Tucson. Stupid fries, waffles, chicken, corn bread, and Mac and cheese today, perfect!
The vibe here is cool, there's a DJ spinning records on Friday night. The food is more of a mixed bag. I got the chicken & waffles. The chicken was crispy, moist, and flavorful. The waffles were flat, I had to use all the butter and a lot of the syrup to add flavor. The potato salad was tasteless and had a whole bunch of paprika dumped on it.
Sat at the bar with my SO.  Great tunes, great energy, outstanding food.  Loved the collard greens, chicken and I had to have a biscuit.  Lovely staff.  Would go there every day if I was close by.
I could eat their collards ALL DAY LONG!  I stick with chicken and collards - and have been know to get the Red Devil's Food Cake - yum!   The waffles are a little too bland, or blah for me - and I don't understand that - if it's in your name, shouldn't it be a specialty menu item???   I go to the Scottsdale location, and do takeout half the time.  The food is always hot, ready within a minute or two of my arrival, and delicious!
This was my first time trying chicken and waffles as a combo and must say that it was incredible! Service was extremely fast and friendly so I'll definitely be going back.
Stopped in here when we visited Phoenix.  Great food and lots of it.
I go once a year on my birthday.  I also know not to expect good or fast service at this location.  Love the food, never have room for dessert, and I go home and my clothes STILL smell like fried chicken.  ha ha ha, good stuff.
So have been here when they first opened as a ghetto joint and now with all the nice remodeling 
The food is still good (u might get a heart attack or cavity w the sugar in their kool-aid) but one thing that hasn't changed is the service is still as slow as dang molasses. 
I have a toddler now and the long wait to get service, drinks, and our food was not sitting well with her or me. 40 min wait to get seated, 10 min for a waiter to appear, close to an hour for food and waiter to reappear. 
I think if you're looking for a place to go hang with adults to catch up; the wait is worth the wait. 

Dress code: ghetto to fab to ghetto fab is all gravy in here.
Fantastic fried chicken, super delicious grits with cheese an butter, and great okra served by an attentive and friendly staff.
A great place to eat.
Only thing I missed was a craft beer with my delicious meal.
Oh, NSC and cheese great too.
Dear Larry this is david ristick we had my sons 16th birthday day party I love your restaurant your food your service is always five stars !!! we love your whole family we've been friends for years I was there since you open the restaurant Your new GM Maurice made us feel so unwelcome so miserable that it made me feel like I would never want to come there again you know that I drove all away from LA to make my son's birthday party special and  he made us feel so bad that I never want to come back there again if he is working He should be fired!! With all due respect to you your family and your establishment God bless you Larry keep keeping the food coming out good just get rid of this guy ASAP he will ruin your restaurant! He actually said when I told him that I drove from LA  and that I drove 400 miles And he said i "quote I don't care if you drove 4000 miles! "What a loser!
Was there for lunch this afternoon it was amazing  super friendly super fast  excellent food  couldn't have had a  better time A+++
If you have been to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in LA. Well welcome to Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles in Phoenix. The chicken is off the chain,waffles are yummy. The family ate small bowls of Mac and cheese and rice over red beans and cheese grits. It was all good. Can't wait to come back for some more chicken and I want get my hands on some shrimp and grits
Come early... or be prepared to wait... Which I had ABSOLUTELY NO PROBLEM WITH! It was early spring in Phoenix, so waiting outside wasn't a big deal at all. One thing that would have made this experience extra ordinary is if they had a bartender or a server working the people waiting outside. We could have got a jar of DRANK before we actually walked in and sat down and our appetites would have REALLY been right. 
I ordered the fried chicken, fries, and mac and cheese. I must say I was thoroughly impressed with the quality of food. You can tell they serve hundreds of people on a daily basis and their level of consistency of their food was exceptional. 
Moreover, our server, I believe his name was Aaron (I apologize if I am incorrect) service was the cream of the crop. He took care of our table, he was fun, he was exciting, he joked with us, all things that make the experience that much better. 
I will be back in Phoenix within the next month, you better believe that I will be here as soon as I land! Its not that far from the airport, I am sure I will be able to smell the aroma of the fried chicken as soon as I land. 
Damn son, you all need to get a location in Denver, PHO REAL!
When you're talking chicken & waffle places, no matter what, it'll always have to stack up against Roscoe's. It may not be fair, but that's how it's gotta be. I've also been to chicken & waffle places up and down the west coast, so I know what I'm talking about here. In the end, nothing quite stacks up to the OG, Roscoe.

Still, doesn't mean that Lo-Lo can't throw in a contender. And quite a contender it is. His sendup of the classic most definitely works for me. Fluffy waffle, and tender fried chicken doused in Louisiana-style hot sauce. That's what I'm talking about. Can't forget the mac & cheese either, which was a very healthy portion. 

The food is good, but what won me over? Lemonade. Unlike Roscoe's, Lo-Lo's will refill your lemonade. Can't go wrong with that. Service was fantastic, and even with a half-hour wait on a Friday night, everyone was still pleasant and happy. Just wish I wasn't so full to try that red velvet cake.

No one will ever step to Roscoe, but Lo-Lo and Sandra Dee in Sacramento are more than qualified contenders to the title.
Love Lo-Lo's! The chicken and waffle combo is delicious. The mac and cheese is just average to me- nothing extraordinary about it and not worth $4. I like the kool-aid and the sweet tea- both very sweet and cavity inducing. The waffles have an awesome buttery taste and the chicken is perfectly fried. Took off a star because parking is horrible and there is always a long wait to be seated.
I'm a huge fan of Mrs. Whites, and this is a chip off the ol' block, but with a twist. The fried chicken is tender and juicy inside while perfectly crispy on the outside. Great flavor as well, and not dripping with grease. The green beans are perfection! Perfectly cooked, seasoned, and had a slight kick (heat) to them. The mac and cheese was also delicious. The corn bread muffin was moist, buttery and flavorful. I was so full, but had to try the red velvet, and so glad I did. The cake is so moist and the frosting is perfect; not overly sweet. The only thing to be aware of is that bits of the red cake get stuck between teeth. Looks like those red pills you use to check if you're brushing your teeth correctly (epic fail). I'm just glad I went to the bathroom to wash my hands and noticed my red teeth before heading out to the next event. So,note to self,  don't take pictures after eating the cake and be cautious if you're on a first date. If he or she is giggling while looking at you, it's not because you're funny (well, your are, but not for the reasons you think). Service was alright, considering how busy it was. 

The HUGE negative is that I came on a Saturday and the ENTIRE parking lot (mind you it's really small) is valet. So, you're paying additional money to eat here on the weekend. You could choose to park along the street or in front of someone's home, but  I'm not sure how safe the area is. It's so busy on the weekend parking is limited. We got there around 10:30am and parked  close by and waited about 15 minutes for a table. There's a very small waiting area inside. Most people had to wait outside, which was fine since the weather is nice. But in the summer and winter, this could be an issue. Was it worth it?  Ohhhh, yeah!
Not worth the 2 1/2 + hours it took to get served our food.
Nothing special about the fried chicken that stands out as a must try. Waffles a waffle, can't mess that up. 
After an hour and 15 minute wait, ask the host if they planned on sitting us and he replied "you can't walk in at 8 o'clock and expect to be seated right away". Not the answer to give when hosting. Oh, we walked in at 7, was told a 45 minute wait which ended up being an hour an 1/2. 
Overall, the rave about this place is beyond me. Slow service, poor host, average food.
Love this place! i have been to Scottsdale location as well and both have surpassed my expectations . Pretty big portions and large beverages! will definitely be back
Way too much food and more than a little unhealthy.  Greasy salty chicken, drinks were too sugary ... And yet all part of an experience you need to visit while in Phoenix.  BTW one order can feed 2 people easy.  DJ and atmosphere made it authentic.
Waffles are yummy, chicken is juicy, service is on point. It was loud, but I liked it. I'm a loud person, the atmosphere made it easy to be myself. I'll be back.
small Lil place very good chicken they have an abundance of sides as well kool-aid to drink lol I guess that's good for kids. Waffles are good I like syrup on the chicken and the waffles but honey is good too on chicken
I wish this place was closer to where I live. But I suppose it's a good thing it's not or I'd be there too much.

I'd been wanting to try Lolo's since I heard about them. A place specializing in chicken and waffles? I'm there! But it was too far away to make just popping on down practical. 

Then one day I was actually in the neighborhood and got a chance to go. The interior of the place is unique, with lots of interesting things to look at. There are several flatscreen TVs and the menus were fun. 

The sheer amount of food you get is amazing. The chicken was almost exactly what my mom used to make when I was a kid. I wanted to have dessert afterward but filled up on the happiness that was the two-leg and a waffle combo. I had the blue drank, a mason jar of blue Koolaid that was endless. I didn't actually need a refill though. One jar was enough for me. 

Our waitress was friendly and genuine. There was complimentary valet parking though we found a spot on the street easy enough. The overall atmosphere there was laid back and relaxing. I had a good time and great food. As I said before, I'd go there more often if it were only closer. If you've been thinking about trying this place, get off the fence and into the restaurant.
It was our first time here and everything was going smooth. We came in about 5:30pm and it was getting busy. We waited to be seated and I thought it was pretty cool they had a couch you can chill on while you wait. 

When we were seated, our server greeted us in a timely manner. We asked for some help since it was our first time and he did a fine job letting us know what was popular and pointed us to certain things I asked about. I asked him to go ahead and get our drinks while we decide what we wanted to get.

He came back and asked if we were ready and we said that we were. We placed our order (Number 3, which is 3 pc chicken with two waffles, and a chicken strip basket with fries and a side of corn bread) and then he asked "So what did you guys want to drink, again?" Wait a minute. I thought we had already given him our drink order and instead of coming with them, he came and asked what we wanted. That was a tad annoying. 

Our order was brought out by a lady who didn't really acknowledge us. Basically "who had this or that" and placed them in the center of the table anyway. She just left without saying a word or asking if we would like anything else. Right away, we noticed we had gotten everything except for our corn bread. We waited for our waiter to make his rounds but he didn't come back. It took awhile but he came to seat someone else so the couple seated at the table next to us got his attention and said that they were missing a few items from their order. So we weren't the only ones. 

After a few trips back and forth to them because he kept forgetting things they were asking for, I got his attention and said that we were missing corn bread. He said he would bring them out. I saw him a few times after that helping other customers and that's fine but he came back to our table and asked how we were doing...without our corn bread. I had to remind him again that we needed corn bread. We were almost done with our meal by this time.

After he finally brought it to us, he started coming around a little more. At that point, I wasn't sure whether or not if it had slowed down or not. I figured it did since he was coming around some more. It was kind of too late, anyway.

When it came time to bring us our bill, he had to ask us what we had ordered today. I was surprised... He said they had misplaced our order. How does that even happen? I've never heard of such a thing...EVER. I should have just told him that service was lousy and since they had lost our order stub, I didn't have to pay for the food. But since I did eat it (cause I was hungry mind you) and possibly a little too understanding, I gave him my entire order again.

So we paid and started leaving and I saw that it was as packed as ever. Worse than when we had arrived. I didn't understand why he would have time to keep checking on us at the end of the meal as opposed to during the meal. Now, I do understand that he may have been new or may even have been too slammed but shouldn't waiters and any establishment at the very least come by and ask if you were doing okay? IDK but the service wasn't on par with some other little restaurants I've been to. 

As for the food, to me it really wasn't anything special. The chicken wasn't like how they make it out to be and the waffles were still kind of dough-y. I may have gone at a bad time but it's a restaurant and they should be consistent. The chicken strips weren't too bad and the best part of the meal was the fries. I gave one-star for the food and one-star for the service. 

I guess I was expecting a lot more from the reviews and reputation Lo Lo's had...
CAUTION!!!!!!! Take a picture of your signed receipts here! Waiters/Waitresses like to over charge your card with a larger tip.... I know this because it happened to me unfortunately. Management was very unapologetic and made it seem like it was my fault that I didn't give the waitress a 30% tip...hmmm. I am still waiting for the management to return the excess money to my card. I guess that's what happens when little restaurants flourish. They get MONEY HUNGRY!! I doubt my little yelp review will damage the business in any way, but I feel like I would be doing a disservice not to warn my fellow consumer. Word to the wise...check your bank statements after visiting here...you might end up with an extra expense for GREED!
Been here a few time the food and customer service are always consistent. Had Chris as a server recently took good care of us. But I Dislike there new valet service. If you choose not to use it you have to park on the street. Guess they don't want you imposing on their tips
Great place and seems to be newly renovated.  It's very clean.  Chicken is crunchy and moist, corn bread is tasty, although waffles could be better (too soft and for me).  Drinks are sweet as they should be.  This place has a real southern feel to it and service is friendly.  They also have a live DJ.
Chicken and waffles not much more to say. Fries chicken was great, then only to mix in the sweetness of waffles?! Wish I had somewhere like this in my hometown.
If this place was closer is come once a week. The servers are great. The food is always good. I also think this one is better than the one in Scottsdale
Best chicken and waffles I have ever eaten.  The waffles are better than any desert I have had at a "fancy" restaurant.  And the fried chicken is simply the best - hands down!!!
This was my second time here and it was the same as the last time which I appreciate. We were met at the door with a friendly smile and seated quickly. The place was packed with people which was nice. 

I ordered the original 3 pieces of fried chicken with two waffles aka the lo lo. The chicken was very good with great flavor and cooked perfectly. The waffles were the same as the last time. Good but not great. I would expect more from the waffles due to the fact that the word is in the name of the restaurant but overall they are fine. The kool aid was great with zero complaints about it. 

Overall this place is very good and worth the time it takes to drive down to south Phoenix.  I will certainly come back if I'm in the area.
I just ate here on Wednesday night, and like always the food was amaz! Everyone there is so friendly and nice. Our Waitress was on top of everything and really sweet. I always enjoy this yummy comfort food!
This is by far some of the best food I've eaten, customer service is great.
Only down falls the wait time to be seated and served as well very small parking lot. If you have  the patience, and don't  mind walking a few blocks this is the place to go.
"not crazy about the chairs"
Happened to be bicycling by the larger digs yesterday at 6PM and  there was no line. There also is no entrance from the parking lot - people have to walk around to the street to get in the place. I would love them if the perfection stopped right there as long as the food wasn't poisonous.

But then, wonderfully funky interior design in an old commercial space, top notch staff, perfectly fried drumsticks, wonderfully textured fresh waffles, excellent okra and greens, really good lemonade and thou beside me looking at Carlos Rivas' rooster. Bicycling home at sunset. 

What more can be asked of life?
Amazing food, fun atmosphere!  We went on a Saturday night so there was a DJ playing music too. Because they are so popular be prepared to wait to be seated and for your food but just chill cause it's worth the wait. :-)
The only bad thing about this place is that I can't afford to go every single day! EVERYTHING on their menu is soooooo good!  Was so god we went back 2 nights in a row.
After a fun, alcohol filled night, my friends and cousins decide to hit up LoLo's.  I hadn't been here since they were just a back room to somebody's kitchen so seeing the expansion gave me high hopes because it presented itself nicely...the interior is the ONLY thing that presents itself well.

We walk in and the unenthusiastic hostess asked how many was in our party and I told her 8.  Being that the rest of the party live further, it would take them a while, so she informed us she can't seat half of our party until the full 8 showed up. Ugh yeah, right. I'm hungry and I'm not waiting so we just asked to be seated for our four. So after letting her know it would just be us for, she writes my name and instructs me to "scoot"  to the side and sit down. In slow motion, I turn around and all of the waiting benches are taken soooo where the hell am I suppose to sit, on the older ladies lap that was already sitting there?! She could have easily said "it will just be a few moments, if you'd like you can take a seat that's available behind you". Was that too difficult?! So I say whatever, they sat us within the next two minutes.

Our waiter/manager of the restaurant takes our drink orders and he seemed pretty cool cuz he was joking a lil with us.  So my cousin asks if she can put in an order for someone who was showing up a little later and then that's when things went down hill.  We were informed we couldn't do that because it would be cold by the time he came and blah blah blah.  Brotha, that's another order which results into money into your business' pocket.  So we order our food but he let's us order for our cousin who would show up late.  So we place the order and literally 5 minutes later, a different server comes out and says "UM this is for someone showing up late or somethin".  Ok, so you mean to tell me there was a discussion about this tiny little request in your kitchen amongst several servers.  Not to mention our order hadn't even come out yet, so the "complicated" order was first to come out when our orders were the smallest.  My friend asks why my cousins order came out so fast and why we haven't received ours, so that's when the title of this review comes in "ma'am we cook chicken and waffles all day, some orders will be quicker than others". Huh?! I know I didn't major in computer science but this really wasn't THAT complex.  So luckily my cousin walks in just in time to eat his food so it didn't get cold like Mr. Manager/Waiter/Host/Fry Cook (he seriously wore many hats) mentioned. 

I don't wanna come to a place to eat when there's all these rules and instructions beginning with who and how many people can sit with me.  Being a California native, Roscoe's will always be THE Chicken & Waffles place that dominates any other competition.  Compared to Roscoe's, this place is amateur.  At least with Scoes they seat you no matter what time your party arrives, your food comes out within 5-10 minutes from the time you place your order, and you have a server who is just that...a server.  Not the building instructor, valet attendant or whatever our so called 'server' was to us.  This place will never get my business ever again.
I've grown up on Roscoe's Chicken in waffles but I enjoyed this place so much more. Plus you don't smell like chicken when you leave Score!
4.5 stars! 

To borrow a phrase from George Takei, oh my! We finally tried this place out after hearing about it from several of our friends and coworkers who have lived in the area for quite some time. We read a few reviews, liked what we saw, and made it a point to go. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and shown to our table. The decor is sort of a modern meets rustic look.  

Our waitress Leslie came right over and took our drink order.  The menu is huge, and we wanted to try everything on it. Needless to say it took us a few minutes to make our decisions, but then we were ready to bring on the hurt. We knew then that this was simultaneously going to be both the best and worst decision ever for dinner. My wife ordered the Lo Lo's chicken and waffles, I ordered the 8 double D's chicken breast and waffle, and we got an order of fries and corn bread to share. We also ordered two drinks off of their specialty menu, a Keep it Simple for my wife, and the tropical drink for me. Sadly, I can't remember the name of the drink. 

The fries and the corn bread came out first.  The corn bread was good, but not the best I've had. The fries are hand cut with a glorious seasoning.  Anyone who knows me well knows my unhealthy obsession with french fries...It's rivaled only by my love of tacos. The fries never stood a chance. Every now and then I would pause for half a second to dip one in ketchup, but they were so good they really didn't need it. Shortly thereafter the rest of the food came out.

The main course came out on large dishes that were roughly the size of trampolines. My inner fat kid was practically leaping up and down at this point. The amount of food piled on the plates bordered on unnatural. It was about this time that my wife and I realized we may have ordered too much food. We didn't care. We were too busy staring down our plates like two gunslingers before a high noon showdown and furiously snapping photos for our future Yelp post. Our stomachs grumbled with anticipation.

The chicken was delicious, juicy, and breaded and fried southern style. The waffles were soft and made to order with their special batter. I went all out, ripping my chicken breast off the bone and stuffed it in the waffle, loaded it with butter, syrup, and hot sauce. With a big grin on my face, I folded it up like a giant delicious taco and ate it like it was my last meal on earth. My inner fat kid was getting worried at this point, because he knew there was more to come. Syrup and butter streaming down my hands, I enjoyed it to the last crumb. The waffle split and threatened to spill its contents all over the table several times, but I'm no amateur taco eater. The hot sauce is medium, with a little bit of a kick but not too much, and a nice spicy offset to the sweetness of the syrup.  

Throughout the course of our meal, our table was visited several times by our waitress and other staff members. They kept the drinks filled and cleared away finished plates. Everyone was friendly and made for a great service experience.

To finish it off, we ordered the banana pudding for dessert. No true Southerner can pass up banana pudding when given the choice. I grew up on my grandma's banana pudding, so there was a high bar of expectations set. I was not disappointed. The style was different from that of my grandmothers, but it was still very good. They use crumbled vanilla wafers as both a base and a topping. As with the drinks, it comes out served in a large mason jar. Be warned, it's a big serving, so come hungry or be ready to share.  My wife threw in the towel about a quarter of the way through. Rookie.  I tore through it like a Serengeti Lion devouring its prey.

My hunger sated and my inner fat kid crying for mercy, I lay down my fork and napkin in victory. I'm fairly certain I ate the equivalent of two days caloric intake. with a smile on my face, I thought dreamily of the Tums sitting on my nightstand at home.
Im from Atlanta Ga , and we know good down home cooking. When I tell you this food is good.... it's a understatement. The food and the people are outstanding! The only thing I can compare this food to is "family reunion food" and if you're from the south you know what i mean ....
This is for sure a must have if you're new to phoenix! The thing is that the remodel is beautiful. They do have another location in Scottsdale,however this one I would say is the better one. Its very clean. The servers are great and friendly. 

You cannot go wrong with any thing you order here. It's really all good. You will find something for everyone.
Love the food, but they changed to mandatory valet parking.. fail x 100

Really? Why? 

Fix this! At least one of the two lots should be self parking.
Enjoyed the yummy southern food, waitress was very hospitable and the family love Lo-Lo's chicken & Waffles. Busy but worth the wait. Ordered the Tre-Tre and sweet candy.
Having been a bookmark on my Yelp account for some time now, we finally got the chance to try this place out! We headed in and were greeted right away. We didn't have a reservation, but we lucked out and got there earlier than the rush, so we were seated in a nice booth up front.  The place filled up pretty quickly after we arrived, so I would recommend calling ahead if you have a larger party (and they only seat your party once everyone has arrived, so keep that in mind, too).

Our waitress was Leslie and she was wonderful from the very start.  Friendly and accommodating she allowed us a bit of time to look over the menu and made recommendations based on our preferences, which worked out nicely.  I had the Lo-Lo's meal and he had the Double D meal, we shared an order of cornbread, cause...who turns down southern style cornbread?? We opted to try out a couple of their drinks which I cannot remember the names of, but they were good! 

The meals came out quickly an were exactly the way we ordered them and they smelled amazing. Chicken was cooked nicely and the breading was really well seasoned. Waffles were fluffy and perfect. The cornbread was gone within seconds of hitting the table. 

Despite being way too full for it, we shared a banana pudding for a dessert, which was worth every agonizingly over full bite! I highly recommend this if you from the south and like a good banana pudding with real slices of banana and wafer topping!

Overall: A+
Great service, great southern food with hilarious names (amazing dessert for a bonus), and fun ambiance make this place a "will absolutely return" venue!
Everything looked and smelled great. Unfortunately, everyone around me got served (even those that were seated later). After leaving (lunch break was up), the manager on the phone said it was because I ordered chicken breast. Note to self, order what they have available, not what you really want to try. The manager DID apologize, but only after I asked him to acknowledge that they were wrong. Although I'm not a dentist, I feel like one having to pull teeth to get some courtesy out of Lo-Lo's Chicken (thighs) and Waffles.
Lo Lo chicken and Waffles will be removed from my "places to eat while traveling" list forever.  The first one I went to was in Scottsdale, I happily gave it 5 stars and told my friends and colleagues about this place and that Lo Lo's is a must visit.  A couple of months later, I went back again and OMG!!! What happened???!!!! I got the game hen version.  The drumstick was 4" long and not even 2" wide (I've posted pictures) so wrote a scathing review considering I looked at the other people chicken and it was twice the size of what me and my family got!  

So my husband and Are in AZ for the next couple of days and I decided to let Lo Lo's redeem themselves.  We went to the Lo Lo's on Central Ave. AlI can say is that Lo Lo's have been removed from my list!
My significant other and I came on a busy weekend around lunch time. There was a free valet. The place was packed, so we waited around an hour or so for a table. While we waited, there was a comfy seating area outside and water. 

Once we were seated, we ordered the famous soul food platter to share (where you pick an entree and two sides, and this includes cornbread), along with a red koolaid. We picked the 3 pieces of chicken smothered in gravy & onions for the entree, along with a waffle and mac & cheese for our two sides.

Chicken smothered in gravy and onions:
Maybe it was because I was so hungry by then, but this tasted absolutely delicious. Hot, savory, and crunchy, this chicken lived up to the hype. The chicken was perfectly cooked, and the gravy and onions added a nice salty (but not overwhelming) complement to the crunchy chicken. 

Waffle:
The waffle was great, and also lived up to the hype I expected, as this is one of the signature dishes. It was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The actual size of the waffle looks bigger in photos, probably because the plate is smaller than I imagined, but one waffle is still quite an adequate amount for one person. My SO said this was the best waffle he's ever had. 

Mac & cheese:
This was disappointing. The mac and cheese tasted grainy to me, and the sauce was lumpy rather than smooth. The cheese sauce didn't taste very cheesy to me either. I would not order this again. 

Cornbread:
Warm, slightly sweet, and soft, this cornbread hit the spot. Great supplement to the salty chicken. 

Red koolaid:
This came in a large mason jar and was sweet, but not too sweet, making a refreshing quencher to the savory foods. 

Service:
The complimentary valet was nice, as there were a lot of cars and people around. Our waiter was friendly and prompt with taking our orders, despite the very full restaurant. 

Overall, I would like to come back and eat here again, but not on an empty stomach if it's busy.
This place is insane, great food, service was phenomenal (thanks Chris) and we need one in Seattle.
I came here for lunch and it was packed so there was a half an hour wait but I was craving the chicken so I patiently waited the 30 long grueling minutes. The wait staff was very nice about it and came out frequently to seat people. There were outdoor seating areas that were empty that they should convert to dining spaces.
When we were finally seated, the waitress was perky and ready to help. We ordered our Jar of Drank first. The koolaid was a bit warm with lots of ice and the lemonade had a crystal lite flavor to it. I ordered the 3 piece chicken with two waffles and eggs with cheese and onions and a side of grits. I do not like grits so I traded it for fries but they gave me rice instead... (must have been the loudness of the place). The chicken skin is so delicious and crisp with the perfect amount of salt. When you add their hot sauce the flavor is divine. The waffles have cinnamon and are nice and fluffy. I can't say much about the eggs and "fries" (rice) because they were pretty standard. I loved the foods they are known for but I would skip the extras. The price is not bad for the amount of food and the experience was nice.
I would highly suggest coming here, granted there are only a few locations. However, the price is right, and their sweet tea is sweet! I love their corn bread. The service is real good too, just be sure you come sooner than later because there's usually a wait.
So I finally got in this place. It was hard to find parking but trust me it's worth it. I waited 45 minutes to get a table. Once again worth the wait. Finally got seated. This place would have gotten five stars but unfortunately I got a server on her bad night I guess. Sharay was her name. I was there to eat and drink. I was open for anything. I asked what she recommended for a drink and she replied anything. Now I would have offered the most expensive drink they had. I was open for it. So I just ordered kool-aid. Which was the bomb. I once again asked what she suggested as far as the food goes. Once again anything was her reply. I don't even remember what I ordered but it was big portions. I eat a lot so I knew it was gonna take some effort. As soon as my food arrived not even five minutes later she was asking if I needed a check and a box. In my mind I was thinking I just got started. Now I was stuffed. I ate everything. Still had room for desert. But she didn't even offer so I was like well I better find another place to get some dessert. Even though I got crappy service I still tipped her 20% because I understand it's tough work. I look forward to going back and requesting Sharay again because everybody deserves a second chance.
Visited Lo Lo's for lunch last week and absolutely loved it. We don't have a soul food/southern spot near us so we definitely had high hopes for our stop here. The service was perfect, polite & quick. 
Everything extra requested was responded with a "no problem" and a smile. I in no way was looking forward to the waffle, not knowing any better, but I was surprised about how good it was, especially with the fried chicken! Every trip here in the future I won't be passing them up. Our food was so good that we finished every last bite!
(Use the complimentary valet since parking in the neighborhood is practically impossible.)
LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I came on a Friday afternoon and got a table right away since it wasn't very busy. The service was quick and everyone was super friendly. I got the Lil Amadi with fries, and lemonade. Chicken was crispy and the WAFFLE was amazingly tasty. The menu made me giggle. Contemplated on coming back on my way to the airport but didn't have time :(.
I was so excited to eat here that I headed to Lo Lo's directly from the airport. I had 1 waffle with 2 thighs and I added cornbread and fried okra cuz they looked soooo good, but all of it was just average. That being said the food was hot and fresh and that's important to me, so I would eat here again but I'd try something different. The waitress was nice but it took 20 minutes to be seated and there were empty tables, I'm not sure why we had to wait, but eventually they decided to seat people. There was no toilet paper in any of the stalls which was frustrating and unsanitary. Kinda wish I had tried the Scottsdale location. 

Maybe my expectations were too high :/
This has to be the best fried chicken I have had since I had my grandfather's fried chicken growing up back in the hills of Kentucky. I couldn't go the waffle (just too much food) but the chicken was great as were the mac&cheese and the string beans with red potatoes. Paid extra to have a breast to take home the next day - it was even better the next day! And the bottle of beer served in a brown paper bag was a nice touch.

The place is BUSY so plan for that. We were a large group and service was still very attentive and made sure we were pleased with everything. If you have to wait for a table, do it, it will be worth it. This is about an hours drive for me but I plan on making this at least a monthly date.
Such a great place for comfort food. The fried chicken is an excellent southern rendition and vibe is good. I always order the Lo Lo's, which is 3 pieces of chicken prepared southern style, with 2 golden waffles... and it's plenty for me. The 'dranks' come in big mason jars are usually don't need to be refilled. It's a team service event and it's always on-point. Mama has done good!  Certainly going back.
Went with a group of twelve.  Six of us got our food after one hour.  The other six waited another 30 minutes for their food.  Everyone agreed the food was excellent, but the service was abominable.  The server never came over to ask if everything was OK.  It took three tries before they got my bill right.  Two other things we didn't like.  The original restaurant on this site was cozy with a couple of small rooms.  They have enlarged it, so the original ambiance is gone.  Also they had a DJ playing so loud that conversation was impossible.  Not likely I will return, even though the food is excellent.
Of course the food is good, there is something for everyone here. If you like good southern cooking, Soul food, then this is a place for you. Fried cat fish, Fried chicken, fried everything.
I am visiting family in Phoenix & they told me about Lo-Lo's.   So I read the reviews here on Yelp first like any good Yelp'r should & I was a little disappointed because I was expecting greatness & it was just good.  I would say a little better than Roscoe's (in L.A.) but not by much.   I've been to other restaurants that use Mason jars... so no big deal. The waffle was definitely good.  The smothered fried chicken was not bad but nothing great about it either...probably because it was luke warm nearing cold.  I ordered the Catfish Beignets as an appetizer expecting that something different...we'll they didn't come out as an appetizer but as a side order with my meal & they were just catfish strips.  I think it gets such great reviews because of the lack of competition.   
45 minute wait (actually about 30) if you don't want to sit outside.  There's an outside waiting area adjacent to the outdoor dining which is a little confusing.  I'm told the place had really grown, & it does look great.   But at the end of it all... it's just good NOT GREAT!!!
The breakfast was delicious.
Fantastic chicken and waffles! Cornbread was perfect and the koolaid was just like as a kid! Fun atmosphere and good value! Would go back!
I came here with a girlfriend and were told the wait would be 45 min.  

We left for 30 min and came back only to find that we had missed them calling us. AH!

We let the ladies know we were there and they (very sweetly) accommodated us, (probably because we were only two people and fit on a postage stamp).

I did not have the Kool Aid, but an alcoholic beverage at the top of their "drinks" menu and it was FANTASTIC. I"m almost positive it had red Kool Aid, vodka and pineapple juice.

I ordered Betty's Boob, a perfect combo to taste their chicken and SCRUMPTIOUS waffle and then ordered Mac & Cheese and Cheese Grits on the side.  

The Betty's Boob was AMAZING.  The waffle was scrumptious and the chicken skin was fabulous.  The meat itself was juicy, but not in the right way.  The interior meat was a little dry, but the outer meat was juicy.  But I'm nitpicking. 

We were told the Mac was amazing, and I will say as a Mac and Cheese aficionado, it was not good.  It was not creamy in any sense, and was definitely more Southern in style as it was Mac you could build with (thick).  Not the creamy type I have come to adore.  

The Cheese Grits were gone in a matter of seconds. I LOVED them.

We also ordered Red Velvet cake at the end, to see what all of the fuss was about and it was BAD.  The driest and least cocoa-y Red Velvet cake I have ever had.  The cream cheese icing is so cloyingly sweet, it almost hurt my teeth going in.  I would like to see their recipe include more oil/egg to give a more moist texture.  

I will say I smelled Collard Greens walking buy me all morning and WISHED I had ordered them instead of my Mac.  I will DEFINITELY order them next time.

Our waitress was AMAZING and when I walked away from my birthday present under the table, a nice guy came up and made sure I didn't leave without it.

Normally from food alone, this would get a 3, but I want to try a BUNCH more sides that looked awesome, and the service was impeccable. :)
If you come to AZ you NEED to come to lo-lo's chicken and waffles. The best fried chicken and the best waffles. It also comes with cool aid. Only problem is that it is about a 1-2 hour wait.
Love the fried chicken!! It's cooked just right and with the tasty waffle with a hint of cinnamon mmmmm. I always get the Betty Boob with some kool-aid and today it's grape flavor. Not only is the food amazing but the employees are courteous and friendly.  Can't wait for their Gilbert location to open up, closer to home.
Found this place on Yelp and decided to give this place a try. 

I tried the chicken fried steak and it was awesome. My sides were mac & cheese and waffle. Both were delicious. Amazing thing was they offered Kool Aid, several flavors. Have never had that at a restaurant, just as a kid at home. 

Overall this place was great and friendly.
Great service - thanks Jamal & AJ! Great atmosphere and love the 90s & 2000s hip hop music!!! Waffle was good, fried chic was very good, corn bread muffin was huge but could be a touch sweeter and it was a little dry, and the sweet tea is definitely southern sweet! The greens were spicy!! Overall enjoyed it!
By far the best chicken and waffles I've ever had. The Kool-aid in a mason jar and fried pickles appetizer really made it a unique and tasty dinner.
TOO MUCH HYPE!

I came here for my supervisors going away party and wasn't satisfied. I guess we should've made reservations because this place was packed. We had about a group of 12 and the wait time was around 15 minutes. Not too bad, it gave everyone time to look through the menu. 

Lolos appeared to have a decent variety of foods, including desserts. The prices range from $7 and up.

I ordered the Lolos which came with 2 waffles and 3 pieces of southern style chicken. The waffles were surprisingly thin about an inch and the chicken,  surprisingly large. I was told the chicken was really small, but you can share the portions for the most part. The chicken wasn't flavorful,  in my opinion it lacked salt just a tad would've helped. The chicken tasted pretty low quality. The waffles were very flavorful though,  I could clearly taste the cinnamon they'd used. The thing about the waffles I didn't like was the soggy texture. The texture could be due to the thiness of the waffle. I didn't try any of their famous Kool Aid so...but they get a star for their service...everyone seemed alright and helpful. 

Overall,  I think I'd expected something grander than overpriced bland chicken, and limp waffles. I'd rather get my chicken and waffles from IHOP...blasphemy,  I know, but it actually taste better to me.
Best chicken in town!! Great decor and service was excellent!!!
I went with the idea of trying everything I could and trying not to compare it with Sylvia's in Harlem or any place on New Orleans. Well imagine my surprise when Lolo's in Phoenix, AZ wins BY A HUGE MARGIN!!! 
No comparison!! Food, quick service, friendliness of staff, and CLEAN! My OCD didn't kick in at all? Don't let the outside appearance or area scare you off. It is beautiful and rustic inside and just an overall great place to eat!!! I WILL be back!
Had lunch there today, 40 min wait but then they offered up the patio right away. Wasn't too unbearable with the misters. 

Got our dranks quickly, however due to me ordering a cheeseburger the food delivery took about 40 minutes.

Food was good, not to die for though. Won't order the Mac and cheese again.

Wife ordered chicken and waffle.  Said was good, likes the thin waffles. 

Ordered the red velvet cake for myself, not impressed. Maybe it wasn't made recently, very dry. Definitely not as good as Grandma made it.

We'd probably go back again, but not right away.
Horrible I was double charged and when I called the next day I was told by the manager that they were "busy" and they would call me the next day to help me? Really that is not great customer service at all id i charge someone $120 I would think you would want to take care of them immediately. There food was fantastic but there customer service was horrible. Beware people they may overcharge you and say they will call you back at a later time to return your money never again!
Finally had the chance to try lolos chicken and waffles this past sunday! I have mixed feelings about this place. 

1. The chicken and waffles were yummy! 

2. The wait when ordering a burger is ridiculous.  We waited about 40 minutes for our food to come out just because my husband ordered a burger.

3. We spend $11 on dessert to go (red velvet & banana pudding), both were extremely dry. The pictures totally gave us false hope. I seriously think the desserts were a week old at least. 

4. The mac and cheese was okay, nothing special. 

I would return but it's not a place I would go out of my way for.

P.s ~ be prepared to wait 30-40 minutes for a table on a sunday afternoon.
This is one of my favorite places!! They have the best chicken and waffles you will ever eat!! And really good corn bread
You have got to be kidding me, $14 for a chicken breast, small at that, two wings and two sides! This was our second visit to Lo Lo's, the first being in the old location behind the parking lot, I don't think we will have a third visit, too costly for what you get and the quality of the chicken. The sides are good enough but I demand better value for my money.
Such a fun place!!! Food is delicious. Bottom line. Make sure to share sides so you get to try them all! Drinks are sugar filled in giant mason jars and chicken is juicy. Love the atmosphere and very worth the wait!
This is definitely a place you can't judge from the outside.  Well not the inside either but the food is fantastic. 

I friend of mine and I went in for lunch and we both ordered the fried chicken.  It was hot, well seasoned, and delicious.  You know how at some places the chicken is either really dry or has been sitting around so the skin falls off when you eat it?  Not here, it was made fresh to order.

Side dishes were mixed.  I had the red beans and rice (delicious) and the macaroni and cheese which was bland.
Have gone here a couple of times.  Not in the best part of town but felt safe and comfortable once inside.  The first time I went with my family.  Had the chicken, very dissapointed, no flavor, just grease and flour taste.  Also had the red beans and rice.  Liked a lot.  One of the best teas around and they serve for the table cornbread that is made like pancakes.  Awsome!

Went another time by myself since I was in the area and remembered the good red beans and rice.  Not as good the second time around.  Tea and cornbread still awsome.  Staff was nice, good service as was time before.  And place was still very clean.

Might go back and try the breakfast, but don't know yet if I'll be back for dinner.  But would still recommend if someone were to ask for a soul food place to try.
What a good find. 

Whenever I'm in LA I have to hit up Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles. That's my gold standard. M&M is the closest thing I've found to Roscoe's. 

I ordered wings and a waffle and my brother ordered chitterlings with dirty rice and collard greens. Both of us were happy with our food. (As an appetizer they bring out fresh corn cakes.)

Service was good, too. 

Kinda dive-y and old, but it adds to the experience.
Really great soul food in a friendly atmosphere. Don't let the exterior scare you away. It's definite "hole in the wall" greatness. I mean they have Kool-Aid on the menu for god's sake! All of the drinks are served in cool Mason jars. How awesome is that?!  The fried chicken is a must-get. Try dipping it in honey for an extra special treat. I drove 15 minutes out of my way to come here and I'd do it all over again.
I enjoyed coming to this place. Second time I've been here and let me just say it's gotta be the best fried chicken one can get. Made fresh to order so it is piping hot. Traditional soul food side items. My favorites are the fried okra and red beans and rice. One dollar up charge for white meat. Three piece with three sides and free cornbread pancakes is 14 bucks. 

Sodas with free refills are $1.50 and they even serve cool aid. Waiters and waitresses are very friendly and attentive. Look for a BOGO coupon in the Las Vegas coupon book!

We well definitely be back again!
This place is solid.  Had the smother fried chicken, smothered in brown gravy and it was amazing, the sides are always perfect and the koolaid is extra sweet (like the waitresses there)
I must go back and try the chicken and waffles, did not see it on the menu, and saw the huge plate of goodness sail by just as I finished my last bite.
everything is made fresh so it takes a little time, they provide these great flat cornbread "pancakes" to hold you over.
My wife and I are new to Las Vegas and have been meaning to go here. We went tonight because of a Restaurant.com coupon. All of the food was very good; fried chicken (crispy, hot & not too greasy), catfish in cornmeal batter, red beans & rice, mac 'n cheese, greens and fried okra. Service was pleasant and quick. The servers were very friendly and helpful. We would recommend this to anyone who likes soul food. We lived in Savannah for ten years and this beats the overrated Paula Deen. Can't wait to go back for their gumbo.
Well to start the correct address is 3923 Charleston and they told us they have been there 9 years. This is a gem of Southern cooking in Las Vegas. I had breakfast of 3 fried chicken wings & eggs. Served with fab home fries and the best biscuit I have ever had outside a home.
Prices were very reasonable and the service was terrific. They also serve "sweet tea".  You have to try this place you will be hooked.
Have I ever mentioned I was lazy?  Well, I am.  Sometimes I don't want to leave my desk to grab some lunch.  But, man, do pizza and subs get old in a hurry.  North American Rotisserie is a fantastic alternative to your usual delivery food.  Great chicken and sides (mmm - potatoe salad).  Quick service.  Reasonable prices.
The chicken is good, but nothing special.  

The thing about this place is that most all of the food tastes like it came straight from a giant plastic tub delivered by sexton/sysco.

What really makes this place worthwhile is their puerto rican beans.  They are damn hot!  It's a refreshing contrast to the usual bland-wisconsin food (no thanks to the germans and scandanavians that settled the region). There are olives in the beans and that is actually delicious.   I can't stop spooning the spicy  mush into my mouth.
Once again, Purto Rican beans!  Not only large olives, but huge chunks of potato, diced ham, tomatoes, and, of course, beans.  I'd also recommend the San Juan Latin Corn, their jambalaya, and the regular-style chicken.  They also serve Wisconsin Badger cakes and such on game days, which make your puke red and awesome when the cake comes back up in an alley after doing the Octa-Bong.

P.S. Best munch-out feast in the city, potheads.
The sides I ordered -- and YES, I ordered several of them ! ((cuban black beans, macaroni & cheese, coleslaw & potato salad)) -- were pretty good, bordering on VERY good.

The chicken, though -- not so good.  I should have gone w/the rotisserie style chicken, that was my initial thought, but I said what the heck & got "Southern Fried" instead.  My chicken was more like "Southern Grease Soaked."  It was lukewarm, it wasn't fresh, it was sitting in a puddle of grease, the skin was pretty inedible... meh.  It just didn't go over well with me.

It was delivery, not eat-in, so maybe that was part of the problem.  The order came relatively quickly after I ordered, so they get points for quick delivery, but it also leads me to believe that the food wasn't fresh/hot when they left the restaurant to bring it.

As I said, the sides were pretty good, although not very seasoned.  I wouldn't order from there again.
A little disappointing...tried the catfish fillets with 2 sides: sweet potato fries and creamy spinach.  The S/O got the short ribs with three cheese mac and cheese and garlic mashed potatoes.  I would have to say the sides are carb-i-liously good.  There isn't anything too great about their BBQ sauce they tried to package off and sell by the jar full.  Wouldn't go here again, but was curious enough to try.
I moved away from Madison, WI 2 years ago, and yet, Kipp's still calls to me. The rotisserie chicken was always dependable as was the southern fried chicken (I ate there several times a week from the time I discovered it, till I left). The Wisconsin Three Cheese Macaroni (mac 'n cheese) was DELICIOUS and inspired me to work on my own mac 'n cheese recipe. The mashed potatoes and gravy became one of my favorite comfort foods, and overall, this place just always left me with a smile. The Latin Specialties are also great. Puerto Rican Rice, Puerto Rican Beans (HOT HOT HOT), Cuban Black Beans, San Juan Corn...you'll be in Heaven. And don't forget about the Texas Chicken Chili or the Louisiana Jambalaya. 

I had to do A LOT of running while I was in Madison, to counter the effects of LOTS of southern fried goodness, but it was well worth it. I stop by Kipp's whenever I am in town.
This football season when the Stadium was too packed and I surprisingly found the Gridiron shutdown to become some "Euro-Hotel" (ha!), I stumbled across good ol' Kipps.  Props for serving the fine Widmer brew and mac'n'cheese.  And a little old school hip hop mixed with n'sync?! Gotta love it!  Some sketchy port-a-potty's, but hey, after a few beers and brats, Wisconsinites can't help themselves, I guess.  Be sure to check it out on game day - you'll be pleasantly surprised.
after hearing 3 people talk about this place, i had to check it out.  i was disappointed.  this was even after a major workout.  I'm always hungry after a workout.  anything will taste good.  i dunno living in Austin for just 4 years made me a snob.  i dunno, but this was disappointed.  it's a pricey place.  i had a two meat combo (rib tips and 2 sausages) + corn bread + 2  sides.  the sausage was good, firm, sweet, tangy, and had that classic crunch when you bite into it.  the rib tips were just thick pieces of brisket.  it was dry, hard, and no fat to make it seem more moist other than the sauce.  it wasn't like the rib tips at Famous Daves.  also the sauce had no spicy kick at all.  for the sides i had fried okra, which was dry and just weirdly off.  maybe it had too much batter.  the macaroni cheese was ok, not spectacular, but i think kraft cheese and macaroni is way better.  the good thing here is that they have big cups of ooh so sweet tea.  I'm so sad about the bbq, i need to go back to famous daves to make up for it...maybe this weekend.
We were delighted with T.C's Rib Crib.  The meat was good, very tasty, I had the beef tips.  The fried okra and sweet potato french fries were delicious.  My husband had the brisket sandwich and was very pleased.   Next trip, I'm trying the ribs.  Everything tasted fresh and homemade.  The portions are also generous.
 The restaurant is clean and everyone was very friendly. It's nice to walk into a restaurant and feel comfortable and welcome for a change. It's a refreshing change from the chains and franchises, it's a family business, so it's a labor of love. (The reason that you don't have the pleasure of a smoky BBQ aroma is that they have to smoke their meats off site, since there is no room at their location for a smoker.) My husband and I are from Kansas City and we know we are BBQ snobs.  We had just about given up hope of ever finding really good BBQ here in Vegas until this evening.  We love everything about T.C's and definitely will be going back.
Family owned business stays busy with a personal touch that makes you a repeat customer.

Walking into T.C.'s Rib Crib, you're thinking it's a fast food joint.  But when they find out you're here for dining in, they'll have you take a seat for a full service experience.

We wanted a taste of it all, so the BF and I ordered up one of their "Lots O' Meat Meal Deals" for any combination of three meats, cornbread and two sides for $14.99.  Of the meats, we chose the Beef Tips, Links (2), and 1/4 Baby Back Rib Slab.  You can also choose Pulled Pork, Beef Brisket, Beef Ribs, Spare Ribs, or 1/4 Chicken.  Or sides, we chose the Grandma Georgia's Macaroni and Cheese and the Fried Okra.  Other sides include Aunt Ada's Potato Salad, Big Sam's Baked Beans, Cousin Joe's Greens, Uncle Earl's Coleslaw, Sweet Potato French Fries, Fried Jalapenos, and few other staples.

This meal was plenty for the two of us!  The Beef Tips were more like chunks of meat, not as tender as I would have hoped.  The Links were pretty grub though, a  nice crunch and texture and pretty tasty.  The Baby Back Ribs were okay.  The first rib I got has little meat on it, the second rib had more though.  We got a generous portion of fried okra, more than what they give you at M & M Soul Food Cafe.  It's breaded up and could use a bit more zing though.  The Macaroni and Cheese is a bit different with a grainy texture.  It's tasty, but  I guess it all depends if you like your mac and cheese creamy or not.  

They also serve up some Sweet Tea for $1.49 or $2.49.  Don't be a fool and get the small cup, go for the super large one instead!  Yum yum!  

They have a bucket load of desserts to choose from the Friday early evening we showed up!  Banana pudding, Coconut Cake, Snickers Cake, Homemade Louisiana Pralines, Glazed Donut Bread Pudding, etc.  It's definitely worth taking a look at their dessert display!

We also ordered a Full Slab of Baby Back Ribs with 2 Sides and Cornbread for $18.99 to go.

They have a Kids' Menu for $3.49 for those ten and under.  Kids eat free on Mondays with the purchase of an adult meal too!  They also serve up Burgers and Sammies, Chicken, and Catfish (on Fridays only)!

Food is a solid three star, but the service is a four.  The wait didn't take 20 minutes like it was posted it can, so that's a good thing.  They come by and check up on you, get refill on your drinks if that's what you got, etc.  You can tell they have a lot of return customers here.  My big concern is seeing a bunch of older people with obvious health problems chowing down on not so health conscious food choices!

(Of course you can find our hearty meal pics in the business profile!)
I went to the rib crib based on reviews my brother-in-law acquired in the bay area.  I must go at the right time because I have not been disappointed.  I loved the ribs, the sauce and the pulled pork was to die for.  Every time I have gone it's been very crowded.  The place is not much to look at but I found it very delicious and the help is very pleasant.  I would recommend this place to anyone who really enjoys ribs. I've been repeatedly disappointed at Famous Daves Barbeque, but I love the Rib Crib. Thumbs up from me.
3rd stop on the BBQ tour.  Not sure why i haven't seen  this place  before considering i've eaten at the sushi place in the same strip center 2 times.

very simple looking place but comfortable.  Appears to be a family run place - i like that.  ordered the spare ribs w/ cole slaw - $7.

I give TC the cole slaw edge - but just a slim edge.  

The ribs - my guess, they boil first then grill them - the ribs were soggy.  They get props for the bbq sauce - nice bite, flavor.  but the ribs bothered me.

still i gotta hit this place again for the family mac and cheese and potato salad I also need to try the  pulled pork.
The GF and I stopped by this place about a week ago for some good ol' Que. This place is fairly small and most of the employees seemed to be family.

I was fairly hungry and figured "I'm at the rib crib, I should order the ribs." (usually not what I order at BBQ). I ordered the full rack baby backs with 2 sides for......$18.... I think. My sides were the sweet potato fries and mac and cheese.  The GF ordered "Lots O' Meat Deal". She ordered the pulled pork and 2 orders of brisket (the girl loves her some brisket) with sweet potato fries and fried okra. I think it was about $15. 
 
So our food came out in a timely manner and we started gobbling it up. My ribs were very tender. The first bone I picked up slid out of the meat. They weren't soggy but not dry either. I can't tell you how much I LOVED THE BBQ SAUCE. The ribs seemed to be boiled then grilled... not the way I usually enjoy them (smoked.......mmmm....) but none the less very tasty. The sweet potato fries were crispy not mushy like most, very good, and the mac and cheese wasn't the creamy version but more of a casserole type...not the best but pretty good. Oh ya and the cornbread was not very good... I don't think I even ate it all...that's very unusual. I'm a cornbread junkie.

The GF's plate was filled with SO MUCH MEAT!!!!!!!! AHA.... I just wanted to shove my face into the plate and inhale....what a great death that would be..... anyways......2 huge portions of brisket and a huge helping of pulled pork. I have to say everything on her plate was defiantly worth eating again. Brisket was nicely sliced and the pork was extremely soft and tender. As far as I could tell none of their meat is smoked but as I said before it was still very good. Her fried okra was also good and I'm not a huge okra fan.

Didn't try any of the desserts (had to save room for AYCE sushi 4 hours later) but they all looked fabulous. 

I would officially give this place 3.5 stars but I'm gonna round up not down for the yelp score. Service was great and everyone was extremely friendly. 

THE BBQ SAUCE AT THIS JOINT IS ON POINT!!!!

Check 'em out... I recommend the "Lots O' Meat Meal Deal".... it's a lot of food for a real good price and you can sample three things they offer at the same time.
We were hankering for some good BBQ and stumbled upon a place called T.C.'s Rib Crib. Again, we used our entertainment book coupon to save $15 so why not splurge and order more than we should. We get to the place and its on the smaller side. There's about 12 tables and thats about it. I heard if you order to go, its gonna be like a fast food place experience... But if you dine in, they promptly seat you, bring you table settings, and give you the full service you would expect from a nicer restaurant. We get there around 5pm on a Saturday and almost all the tables were full. I take that as a good sign. We get the menus and start looking over the choices. Meats meats meats was the name of the game. I ordered the Lot's O' Meat Meal ($18.00) which comes with 3 meats, 2 sides, and a corn bread. The meats to choose from were: beef tips, pulled pork, beef brisket, links (2), 1/4 rib slab, 1/4 chicken. The sides to choose from were: Grandma Georgia's Macaroni and Cheese, Aunt Ada's Potato Salad, Big Sam's Baked Beans, Cousin Joe's Greens, Uncle Earl's Coleslaw, Regular Fries, Onion Rings, Fried Jalapenos, Wedge Cut Fries, Fried Okra, Sweet Potato French Fries. Wowzers, thats alot!

So for my meats I get the beef brisket, hot links, and 1/4 rib slab. The rib slab was a choice of baby back, beef, or spare ribs. I got the baby back ribs. My sides were Grandma Georgia's Mac and Cheese and Onion Rings. My friend ordered the full rack of baby back ribs ($18.00) which also came with 2 sides and a corn bread. Her sides were Sweet Potato French Fries, YUM!, and Wedge Cut Fries.

Man was the food tasty. The meats were tender and super flavorful and the sides were huge. The best part is that I ordered a small fountain drink (sm $1.49 lg $2.49) since it was all you can drink and the waitress brings me a large 32 oz drink. I was like "I ordered the small" and she replied "That is the small." Wow. I guess the large is a 44+ oz size then.

The $15 coupon definitely paid off and the food was really really good. I would definitely go back to this place. This was way better than Memphis Championship BBQ.
I have never tasted anything so awesome! I like to try something new from T.C.'s everytime i go there, just i can't believe how something so amazing can be in vegas and not have that much popularity or hype! the BBQ sauce is amazing! the mac & cheese is freaking delicious along with the sweet potato fries!
Small hole-in-the-wall spot. NOT very many customers so NO real wait.

Just tables & chairs w/Pie Counter(no seating) 

I ORDERED 2 MEAT-2 SIDE COMBO

1/4 SLAB BABY BACK RIBS * BBQ BEEF BRISKET
2 SIDES-BAKED MAC & CHEESE & COLE SLAW
CORN BREAD & SWEET TEA


NOT GOOD. The Ribs were skimpy. The Brisket was horrible.(any self-loving BBQ cook knows the brisket was NOT right and shouldn't have even served it to anyone.- More like grissle & unedible meat)

. The BBQ sauce was sugary sweet. NOT my style. The cornbread was right out of a JIFFY box and made bad & NO butter to speak of. The Coleslaw was SOUR & the Mac & cheese was OVERCOOKED & NOT cheesy or BAKED!

 It felt like you were at a BAD FAMILY PICNIC!! Plastic plates and styrofoam containers & ALL.


PS THOSE PICS LOOK NOTHING LIKE THE FOOD I ATE!
Overall it was ok.
I ordered the 3 meat- 2 sides combo. 1/4 order of spareribs, pulled pork, and hot links. Sides was baked beans and mac. & cheese, with the corn bread and kool-aide. Plus sharing   
Taste wise it was pretty good, not too bad. The meat was tender, good  seasoning, the ribs and pulled pork was ok, but hot links were so-so. The sides was over cooked a bit, with the corn bread cold, bland,  and served without butter. 
Didn't have a spicy BBQ sauce option, but they did have plenty of hot sauce on the table. 
Overall, a cozy family BBQ joint.
Read about this place in a travel magazine and decided to take my employee to lunch here on his first day of work. My employee loves barbecue and had not been here. Since it's in a strip center, we knew what to expect as far as surroundings, but the ribs were dry and the sides were awful. The service was very good and they were very friendly. I recommend the iced tea.
This is a small mom & pop joint that aims to please.   The proprietoress rattled off 15 different (soft) drinks. We felt like royalty, tho it probably doesn't take much to please us.  We each had the 2 item combo + 2 sides  w/ beef tips & baby back ribs plus mac n cheese & yams & beef ribs & brisket plus fries & mac n cheese.  It was all very good, moist, & we got to try the pulled pork even tho I'm not a pork fan.   Today's specials were candied yams & better'n sex cake (like an upside down pineapple cake with whipped frosting).  She showed me 12 different desserts in the dessert case.  The special cake was yum-o too.   The decor is very plain & down home but you can always do take out.  This is definitely a vanishing breed.
Came here on T. C. 's 76th birthday  so we had good carrot cake & chocolate cake for dessert after our meal of 1/2 all white BBQ chix with 2 sides ($11.99) & 2 meat combo  beef brisket & pulled pork with 2 sides fried okra & mac n cheese ($14.99).  Our server Mona was so good & personable.  We also won the raffle they had which was a prize of a $10 gift cert & a white T.C.'s Rib Crib Tshirt (the server's are in black Tshirts)
these ribs are bomb
Where do I begin thank you New Orlean flavors brought right here to Vegas. 
The ribs were a bit fatty, but the sauce was delicious. The BBQ chicken , cole slaw, cornbread were ALL good. To top it off the better than sex pie and buttermilk pie hit the spot without making you feel too guilty.

The one thing that needs work is the mac n' cheese! Definitely, don't appreciate the cheese combination.

The lunch specials are pretty good under ten bucks.
Purchased a gift certificate for Tc Rib Crib off Restaurants.com to try this place out. Arriving at the location i was surprised at what little it really was inside upon entering as it was really like an indoor picnic very no frills and humble about the decor. We sat and ordered a 2 meat combo links/ pulled pork with 2 sides mac & cheese/ greens and cornbread for $15. And then the Rib tips and 2 sides mac & cheese/ potato salad and corn bread for $10. I was not impressed to say the least as the links were very mushy and not a solid put together product, the rib tips were sparse on the meat side and the sides... lordy the mac & cheese was dry and almost chalky with my only taking 1 bite of potato salad as it had too much built up condensation in the container from being stored in the fridge for too long. The best part of the meal was the pulled pork, where if you want to try this place i recommend doing the pulled items turkey, pork, chicken and bread to make a sandwich. The BBQ sauce like others mentioned is a brown sugar based sauce which i dont mind but if you dont like sweet sauce then this might not be for you. All in all it was a meal yes and the portions were decent but the quality of taste and product i just wasnt feeling at all. For the money i think i would have rather gone elsewhere to dine. BBQ is so touchy with alot of people and im not spoiled but i do have some expectations when i go for a meal in this arena.
The sauce tasted like it came out of a can. The ribs aren't smocked, they are oven cooked and very, very, mediocre. The staff was very friendly, but the food just tasted bland. I love BBQ, but not T.C.'s version.
very tasty meats. we tried the family combo and got everything but the chicken and beef ribs. can't say i was disappointed by any of the meats but the brisket was definitely the winner. only caveat is: don't order the collared greens unless you regularly eat handfuls of salt with your meals.
Okay, normally I wouldn't review a place after eating there only once but I can safely say I won't be returning.  Got carry out the other day: pulled chicken sandwich, brisket sandwich, fries and onion rings.  All of the meat was really poor quality (mmm....boiled gristle!) and the sides were terrible too.  The sauce wasn't anything to write home about.   If their ribs are outstanding, I'd never know, but if they're willing to call the stuff I ordered barbecue, then they are really missing the point.

Maybe I'm a barbecue snob, but it's really got to be smoked to be called barbecue, doesn't it?  I think the closest that the meat I was served got to being smoked was second-hand from the guy lighting his Marlboro out in front when I pulled out.

I'm absolutely perplexed why my experience differed so completely from those who reviewed this place positively, but I won't be returning to give it a second chance.
"TC says, the best way to a person's heart, is through the ribs."

I LOVE that quote and love that it's written on the bottom of your receipt. I wouldn't know whether or not the ribs would take my heart, but I do know that the pulled pork sammie was pretty delish. 

I originally went because of The Desert Companion's "DEALicious meals" article. In it it said there was a $4.99 lunch special: a Jr. Sammie and a side, can't beat that! SO off I went, walking distance from my work, and FINALLY decided to try this "World Famous" BBQ.

When I walked into this establishment on a lovely Saturday afternoon I realized, UGH! Lunch specials are only for Monday-Friday. Oh well, I'm already here and the tiny little restaurant is very homey, sporting pictures of, what I hope is, TC's family. This sort of establishment always makes me want to come back to support, especially with the really friendly staff they have on hand.

I ordered, as I mentioned before, the Pulled Pork Sammie with ....deep fried jalapenos! Whoo-wee. I don't even like jalapenos, but I just HAD to try these.

My fellow diner ordered the brisket sammie and the sweet potato fries that everyone raves about.

We had them both "home style," which meant it had some really good slaw on top.
The verdict:
My sammie: s'mazin'. I really enjoyed the sandwich and wouldn't mind coming back for the lunch meal and ordering the Jr. as this sammie is pretty filling.

The OTHER sammie: Not nearly as good as mine, it was a little tougher and less flavorful. 

I wouldn't have the sammies without the slaw, I believe it cost an extra 50 cents, but it's worth it.

The jalapenos: These little babies were pretty darn good. I wouldn't order them again though, jalapenos just aren't my thing.

Sweet potato fries: Ok, what's up with these? Everyone LOVES them....I think they tasted like straight oil and were a little under cooked, and old. Poo.

Over all, it was A-OK. I would totally return for the lunch menu...but that's probably it...Oh and to try the ribs....with a name like The Rib Crib...you just gotta try them....
So I went to TC's on the reviews of my fellow Yelpers and because it's about 2 blocks from where I live. I walk in and it was your atypical mom-n-pop rib shop which I get very excited about. We got the menus and they have a lot of items but they're pricey. I'm thinking they better be good for this price. When the baby back  ribs came they basically tasted the same as Chilis (which I like but expected something different). They had a lot of fat on them and seemed to be a big part of the ribs. The fried okra was the best part of the meal, very big and well made.  Another thing that bugged me were the drinks. I ordered water and it came in this little rinky dinky small cup, maybe 8 oz. My friend orders a soda and they bring her a big 16 oz cup that just towers over mine. So at this point I was feeling it to be an average 3-star place. Decent but nothing unique but before we were to leave my friend reminded of the big reason I wanted to come...bread pudding! Quickly I ordered it up. I was excited, I love bread pudding and take respect at how hard it can be to make it let alone to make it right. Not many places have this delicacy so I jump at the chance to get some when the opportunity arises. Then it comes...the disappointment that made this a 1-star restaurant. First off let me say this bread pudding is not cheap. $6. I'm willing to pay that though for some good bread pudding. This was not it. As the waitress is handing me my dessert I'm asking how they make it. With raisins? Bourbon? What's their unique, creative touch on it? 'Krispy Kreme', she says. Say wha??? 'Its really just a 'Krispy Kreme donut that we heat up', she continues. I don't know if I've ever felt so betrayed from a restaurant. I just paid 6 freakin dollars for a donut???  
All in this place, less the okra, was am utter disappointment.  And if you decide on dessert, ask how it's made. Shame on you TC's.
So after spending some time in Texas I got so unbelievably spoiled for amazing Bar B Q. Sadly I haven't found anything that has come close, until now.

TC's had great Spare Ribs and Mac & Cheese. Their beef brisket was good but, didnt blow me away. The place is a simply family owned style place that is unassuming and informal. I will definately come back here and be hungrier next time as the portions are big!
tC's recently introduced a weekend breakfast menu so we decided to stop by on our way to Red Rock Canyon.  My wife ordered the New Orleans French toast with fresh strawberries while I selected the bayou buttery buttermilk waffles with strawberries and whipped cream.  Both dishes tasted good, sounded better, but not worth a long drive
We visit Vegas at least once a year and decided to see how their ribs stack up to what we get back home.

This place was okay but not  really great.

The ribs were very overdone and bland. They needed a good rub to make them tastier, not just slather them in sauce.  The brisket was - how can I say it - just kind of weird.  We are used to slow smoked brisket and this looked and tasted like a rump roast that was cooked like a rump roast and sliced thin and had sauce dumped on it.  DH liked the potato salad. I swear the sweet potato fries (which are a staple in our house) were the frozen ones we buy at the grocers so, yep, they did taste just like home-made :)  The sauce is nothing spectacular - we are used to restaurants that have their own signature sauce but I didn't think there was anything spectacular about their sauce either.  We didn't try the pulled pork while we were there.

The portions are huge - I will give them that. 

Maybe it was an off-day for the kitchen - but I don't think I could give it more than 3 stars.
This place has been here for about 4 years, and I just discovered it a few hours ago. Fail on my behalf. 

Me and my mom ordered the 3 meat treat. We got beef tips, hot links, 1/4 slab spare ribs with sweet potato fries and collard greens as the sides. 

The hot links could have been a bit more tender, but were delicious on the other hand. Beef tips tasted good, even though they were essentially small steak pieces. LOVED the ribs, they were tender and practically fell off the bone. The collard greens were quite tasty and the sweet potato fries had a perfect ratio of sweetness and typical french fry flavor. 

The atmosphere is pretty interesting. It's slightly hole in the wall-ish but clean. I loved the pictures on the wall, it gave the place a VERY homey feel, the service is pretty homey as well. Another nice thing to note are the names of many of the dishes, which are supposedly named after members of TC's family. 

As for the glazed donut bread pudding, tasty, but WAY TOO SWEET. Don't think I will ever order that again, unless I'm begging for the diabeetus.
My friend and I stumbled on this place while we were looking for a Chinese buffet . We gave up and just wanted to eat so we came here. I wasn't in the mood for BBQ so I was just going to get a cheeseburger and fries. Then my friend noticed a sign behind me saying they have Chicken and Waffles on Wednesdays. We were there on a Saturday so we didn't know if they would serve it . We asked and we received! 

This is the first time I've ever had Chicken and Waffles ...I didn't know what all the hype was about until that moment. The Waffle was crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside . These were not Eggos for sure .....these were fresh! The chicken was perfect with it especially dipping it in the maple syrup. This could easily become and addiction! 

If you do come here please keep in mind they make everything fresh so it may take up to 20 min for your order but it's well worth it! The price was also reasonable the bill for two people came out to around $21.00.
Love Love LOVE the sweet potato fries. Thank goodness for TC or I'd be more depressed in Vegas! The ribs are good. Not the best I've tasted, but it's good. Not recommend the Beef ribs though. The fibers of the meat is to tough for me and the size just too big. The portion is big for one, maybe barely enough for 2 if you don't order side dishes. I have yet to try the baby back ribs. I always order the sauce on the side, just so the flavor of the meat won't get masked by the sauce. The ribs are good for the leanness and not too fatty. Very tricky because it can be tough when the you're grilling meat with less fat! For the price it's a good neighborhood eatery that I would go to.
I have eaten at Tc's many times and that alone speaks for itself. I have loved the family atmosphere, the service is great and the food was top knotch, until recently. They say good things don't last and this is where I hope Tc's does not go down that road. I have eaten here since it first opened and wow the pulled pork to the ocra to the mac n' cheese and corn bread, it all was delish. But, the last two visits made me feel like they changed ownership even though they did not. The prices increased -alot, the food was room temp, the service in a fog, and I even had a stint of the big 'D' a few hours later as did the rest of my family. So Tc... Look deep down inside and find the excitement and flare, and love that you used to put in your food and bring it back because this place is on a colission coarse that I can not bear to watch because I have love in my heart from those first few Nawlins' goodness dining experiences.
I found this restaurant because of a friend's pictures on Twitter. Went for myself and was happy to find real barbecue in Las Vegas by a mom & pop establishment.  It's not a fancy place; a proper bbq place shouldn't be.  If they're serving your food on fine china they're doing it wrong.

I recommend their Spare ribs, mac n cheese (from scratch) and sweet potato fries. The ribs are well smoked and not over sauced. They fall off the bone and the portions on generous for the price. Pulled pork is also good and the brisket is ok, I'm not a brisket fan to begin with though. If you have a craving for sweet tea this is also the place to go.  It reminds me of the south and its made fresh there daily.

One day I'll go and not over indulge because the desserts look tasty and they often have them on special.
Really simple and good eating.

Just grab a slab or half if you're not that hungry and grind away.  The ribs are excellent.  Very moist, super tender and while the sauce may be a personal thing, to me, its incredible.  Sticky, sweet, sour.  (No, I'm not trying to cause a food war.)

Prices are really good.  A full rack for less than $20.  For just two bucks more, you can add two sides and cornbread to your ribs.

Other items are also good but really, why would you not want the ribs.

Oh yeah, Friday is catfish fry day.  Give the fish a try (as a side to your ribs)!
If you are a fan of pulled pork or mac n cheese that probably has 10,000 calories in it then this is the spot for you.....and me! OMG, I found this place years ago and have actually celebrated a birthday or two, here. It's absolutely charming in every way. TC's is a hole in the wall decorated like your grandma's house with family pictures, place mats and friendly faces. If you are lucky you just might get to meet TC while you are here! I always get the pulled pork because it never let's me down. It's tender, juicy and shredded to the perfect consistency. You are responsible for putting the amount of BBQ sauce you like on your meat. I also always get the mac n cheese that is to die for. Don't leave out the fried okra, ribs, grilled chicken salad, sweet potato fries, etc. You can wash it all down with sweet tea or Kool Aide. Dessert is not to be missed. At the top of that list is the banana pudding and glazed donut bread pudding. Yes, that just happened! Every single person I have brought to TC's has been back and brought their friends, too! They get the five stars because they are reasonably priced, delicious food, and most excellent service. I love this place!!!!!
"How much for one rib?"--Chris Rock.  

This Place is the Best BBQ in town!!!!  I love the side dishes of greens and mac and cheese.  It is so good I have taken all my out of town guests there.  I love the "Purple" and "Red" cool-aid selections to wash down the Louisiana Style Pork Ribs.  Beware, do come in on an empty stomache because they serve big tasty portions.
Delicious, cheap and served with a bootylicious smile, what else do you want?
Love it here.

I'm far from being a BBQ expert, but the two times I came here, I have not been disappointed. Their sweet tea is off the chain. Their sides are deeelish. I enjoyed the collard greens, mac-and-cheese, and don't forget the fried okras. Yes. Superb indeed.

I suggest coming here with a good appetite and a few friends lusting for some hunks. Hunks of meat. Baby back ribs, dried up, BBQ sauce on the side. The meat is succulent enough and flavored to a satisfying point of delight. Tender and falls right off the bone. Same goes for their BBQ chicken. Golly, that is one BIG CHICKEN, I kid you not. I don't know what they have in the back of the kitchen, but half a chicken was gigantic. Where the other half escaped and whether it was found, I'll never know. Pulled pork as a little on the salty side, but who doesn't mind compensating salty with some cornbread? 

I will come again.
There are a few places in Las Vegas, and elsewhere, that once it crosses your mind it's all over. You must have it. Nothing will stop you. TC's Rib Crib is one of those places. A quaint BBQ joint, you can eat there or grab some take out, but given the treat-you-like-family service I recommend staying for a bit. I once ate there solo and a table of elderly customers nearby was laughing so hard it was contagious and I started laughing with them. That's the kind of behavior this food incites. Laughing with complete strangers.

It sounds clich but you can't go wrong on the menu. A combo plate for your first time visit is probably best, from there you can come back weekly, daily, hourly for what you deem your favorite. I am loyal to the pulled pork (sometimes chicken) plate with sweet potato fries and coleslaw. I'm starving just writing this. It's 10:30am. The gargantuan drinks will ensure you are far from parched, and though I'm not wild about sweet tea others have reported to me it's just like what you get in the south. 

The desserts are also great, provided you can even shove anything else into your stomach due to the hearty portions. Sweet potato pie, pecan pie...all fabulous and available to purchase in full pie form for holidays or special occasions. 

 Make it a point to stop by TC's Rib Crib. It will absolutely scratch your BBQ itch.
Go for lunch and do takeout. We went for dinner with a group of 9 and it was really cramped. The food was all awesome except for the beef tips (bleh!) which they took back and gave us more pulled pork-yum!  We actually found this place from a LV area magazine that did an article on delicious, reasonable food. It ended up being about $10 per person, not even close to the $5 deal that the magazine said could be had. We didn't even have soda or tea, but don't skip dessert here- the red velvet cake and buttermilk pie are to die for!
Dinner w/ Angela H is always a blast, but the Q just will get a "meh" out of me. 

Granted, I didn't get the namesake ribs, but the pulled pork sammy was just okay. It was soft enough, but it came with sweet sauce already on it and I wasn't getting too much of a smoke taste. The sammy comes with a choice of side ($8.99) and I got fried okra which was pretty good and crispy. Sweet tea was just the right amount of sweet. 

I didn't notice that my dinnermate was charged wrong and that isn't cool specially since at ordering she cleared up that she wanted the links "sandwich" with one side and not the "combo" with two sides when the waitress asked her for two side choices. 

I'm open to trying the ribs and more okra since the BF and I have a restaurant. com certificate, but for pulled pork this isn't my spot.
LOVE AT FIRST BITE... or so I thought.

A friend of mine keeps raving about how great this place is and how he would only get his BBQ fix in Vegas, and me being on my mission to find a BBQ joint I love, HAD to try this place.

It wasn't hard to find, which was good. It is a small place, with about 5 tables along one side and a larger table right in front and 2 tables outside. The service was great. The girls there was very nice and made sure we were taken care of.

The sides all seemed so good I wanted to try everything! But I didn't want to go overboard. Just figured if I liked it, I can always come back and try more. So me and my bf ordered a full slab of ribs (baby back) in the combo with mac n cheese and fried okra as our sides. They had waffled sweet potato fries that day and best believe I got that too!! (pictures posted). I was ready to wait the 20+ minute for the food as the sign said, but the food came out surprisingly quick! Though, not all at once.

So... the mac and cheese was great! Tasted very homemade and slightly gritty like they used ricotta cheese in it. Not as rich and creamy as I am used to, but the bf loved it. I really liked the fried okra, though the bf didn't care for that. But you can't go wrong with sweet potato fries, especially waffled! Yum! Very crisp but not greasy.

The cornbread was a bit disappointing. It came out a bit after the other stuff so I figured it was just being baked or something, but it didn't seem that way. It was somewhat dry and bland. Sadly, I really like the cornbread from Famous Daves! And the ribs, it was good flavor. And not overly saucy. But a bit dry. The first bite of the ribs were great..! But maybe they cooled quickly and became really dry that I didn't want to have more (like I usualy do).

Overall, the sides were great but the ribs were not the best, though not bad. I wanted to try the dessert, but didn't yet. Service was great. The place was clean. Gotta try the pulled pork and desserts next time! I will be back!
TC's gets major points for their friendly and welcoming staff. Simple things like saying hi to customers when they walk in or refilling water glasses seem to be things of the past in many Las Vegas restaurants. But the folks here will treat you like an old friend stopping by. My lunch order was served up quickly. It probably only took 10 minutes or less to come out. I went with the pulled pork sammie. A little pricey at $8 but the size was decent, as was the flavor. But the texture was bordering on mushy. I prefer the fuller, meatier quality of the pulled pork at Buzz BBQ. The bun was nicely toasted giving the sandwich an extra crunch and the fries weren't bad.

I do like the fact that they have lunch specials and daily dessert specials. The interior is nothing special, just a few tables and a small cashier counter and food display that leads to the kitchen. It's nothing fancy, just some decent down home cooking.
Some people don't like this place - I don't understand why.  It's tender ribs with fairly good sauce.  You can't go wrong with pork spareribs, pork babyback ribs, or the beef ribs.  They're all pretty tender and get a nice crusty outside from being put on a grill or under a broiler.
The mac and cheese ranges from meh on bad days to OUTSTANDING on other days.  Yeah, this place won't compare to great places in Texas.  But for around here, this place is way better than places like CJ's or, God forbid, Memphis bbq.  
Nice staff too.
I love coming here to get the baby back ribs, pulled pork, collard greens, potato salad, corn bread, and fried okra.  The meat falls off the bone and is just easy to devour.  I had their chicken too and found the dark meat more desirable than the white meat.  To appreciate the white meat, I needed to dip in to the barbecue sauce, which by the way has a zing to it.  

The pulled pork sandwiches are also to die for.  I'm not normally a fan of pork, but I'll eat it here over other places that serve it.
I'm from the south so occasionally I get BBQ and sweet tea cravings. haha I haven't tried everything on the menu. I usually get the 2 or 3 meat combo and share with a friend. I always get the greens! I love the bb ribs, pork links and sweet tea. I'm not a fan of the chicken or potato salad but I think that's just a matter of taste. I love that they put a little BBQ sauce on the meat and give you a bottle of sauce on the side. The meat tastes smokey like its been on the grill. It's definitely a mom and pop type place which I think is part of the charm! I also love the koolaide and fried okra...did I mention the sweet tea?
NOT CLOSED. Farewell my favorite mac n Cheese and farewell the best BBQ chicken breasts in town. My friend and I walked up for lunch and the place was gutted clean about a week ago. The baby back ribs are too fatty also.
This place is the boom!!!  The best comfort food ever.  I have eaten everything on their menu and love it all.  Their fried chicken and waffles are great. Their sammies are yummy.

We also have TC's Cater our thanksgiving and Christmas dinners
I'd have rather give 2 1/2 stars. That being said the food was OK. The problem with most BBQ joints in Vegas is that none of them do enough business to ensure high quality. I got the three meat with 1/4 rack baby backs, 1/4 chicken, and thenpork links with mac and cheese and coleslaw.  The ribs did fall off the bone but felt like they had been microwaved to heat them up. The chicken was dry and overcooked. You know how when chicken sits too long it gets a little translucent?  The pot sausage was VERY salty, but it was tasty. The mac and cheese was good once I put salt on it. Maybe they can take the pork links and mix them into the mac and cheese?  The coleslaw wasn't that good. Not much flavor and it looks like it may have started to freeze. The top layer of the cabbage was translucent as well. Not to mention it took nearly 25 min to get my food once it was ordered and I wasn't the only one that was waiting. There was a party of 10 that seemed to be getting a lot of attention from the staff at the detriment of everyone else. I wish these guys luck, but the most consistent places in town to get ribs are Lucilles, Roma's, and Applebees, in that order.
New to vegas....wanted some BBQ ribs...i searched and searched....seems like bbq is something hard to come by out here in the dessert.    Finally I found some good reviews for TC Ribs.   So I drove out there for a to go order.

Took my order of full slab baby back ribs and mac and cheese and baked beans.   The sides were good, the baby back ribs were a bit disappointing for my taste.  There was a lot of fat on the ribs and they really didnt melt off the bones.
All the best intentions...

The brisket was loaded with gristle and slathered with barbecue sauce.  I may try the pulled pork next time - if there is a next time - since it's close to my office.  Nice 'soul food' kind of atmosphere.
Been to their old location several times for chicken and ribs, mac and cheese, greens, and a peach cobbler for dessert. Never been disappointed. 

The old location was very uilitarian and got business taken care of. They now moved to a new and nicer location with a larger dining room down the street. Went there for the 2-for-1 $4.99 Tuesday lunch special (dine-in only). Since I was alone, I still wanted to take advantage of the deal and ordered the rib tips with fries and chicken leg with mac and cheese. The rib tips were so-so and the fries ordered extra-crispy was done to my preference. The chicken leg was tender and juicy while my favorite side dish, mac and cheese, was done to prefection. The mac was made witha white cheese sauce with the cheddar cheese sprinkled on top and baked to a cripsy golden brown. I am in Mac Heaven here! For $4.99 with leftovers, I can have home cookin' for less than what I would pay at McDs. Will be back for more mac and cheese.
Are you in the mood for BBQ? Well, I hope so. You did open this review after all. 
So, do you want BBQ with flavor? TCs has it. Do you want food with character? TCs has it. Do you want to keep your shirt clean? Well.....you probably don't want BBQ then. 
TCs boasts an array or beef, chicken and pork done in the Louisiana style, and a lot of southern staples as sides. They even have decent greens, which is so hard to find in Vegas.
Aside from the food itself, the sweet tea will give you diabetes on the spot, which means its accurate to real southern sweet tea for those native west coasters who don't know. The staff is friendly. The atmosphere really strongly evokes the southern style of community and connection. 
Why are you still reading this? Go get some.
Yum yum yum.  For the price and the quality of food this place is one of my top places to eat when I get a cheat day...
I must make this clear. This isn't a review of the food, which is wonderful, but of the TERRIBLE service that my Dad and I experienced today.

We were both in the mood for BBQ, and having been to TC's before at the old location, we decided to check out the new place. We walked in and were greated by the waitress on duty, a young Asian woman, who promptly seated us and gave us menus. There was only one other group of people in the room, which was surprising. We sat there looking at the menu for about 10 minutes, and then she finally took our drink order. After that, she dissapeared. Another 10 minutes walked by and we got up to leave. We crossed paths with her as we were walking out and she asked if we were leaving as she had the drinks we had ordered 15 minutes prior in her hands. We said yes, and she just said, "Okay," and dumped the drinks out in the sink.

This girl has to be one of the worst waitresses I have ever experienced. She obviously doesn't care at all about service, and I'm pretty sure the owners of the restaurant would be a little miffed at her for the waste of the drinks. 

I almost wish TC's had stayed at the old location, as it had much more of a family-oriented vibe to it...much more intimate. I'm going to give TC's another shot sometime in the future, but I think I'll call in the order and pick it up rather than face this sort of service again.

IF YOU SEE THE YOUNG ASIAN WAITRESS BEHIND THE COUNTER WHEN YOU WALK IN, YOU MAY AS WELL JUST TURN AROUND AND WALK OUT. Unless you want to be ignored for a good 30 minutes, that is.
How do I sum this up?  Overpriced and not good.

As I was forcing the food down my throat, the thought occurred to me that this was probably the worst barbecue I've ever tasted.  Why, you ask?  The food is very "wet" (meaning it's drenched in BBQ sauce), which is normally okay, except for the fact that their sauce is HORRIBLE.  Take this from a guy who's experienced a lot of barbecue in his time...it's NOT good.  It ruined the pulled pork and beef brisket for me by completely overpowering it; however, the baby back ribs were "okay" (read: not fall-off-the-bone).  By the way, the brisket is sliced into very thin strips, which doesn't even make it taste like brisket.  What a waste of 20 bucks...

But, as a saving grace, the cornbread (which I normally don't like) was probably the best I ever tasted.  Too bad it was the size of a mini-cupcake.

Yuck.  Pass.
Oh my oh my this is delicious. I had a groupon and it was for dine in only but they honored it for take out. SCORE. I had the pulled pork with Cole slaw and potato salad. The pork was tender and they gave enough to fill the styrofoam box. The Cole slaw could of used more sauce cause I like it creamy. The potato salad tasted just like grandma used to make.

My brother had rib tips and I would call it rib chunks they were huge. And baked beans and Cole slaw as sides. I could smell the BBQ sauce in his beans. And be sure to check out the daily board for special sides. The desserts. I got peach cobbler oh its light and airy and yummly.
My wife found this restaurant when it was on DI & Durango, and we've loved it since then. We like he new location now, cos it's nicer and cleaner. We have tried every single item from their menu, but babyback rib, sausage and chicken are always our favorite, and have to try their sweet tea, it's just so good..
After a disappointing pulled pork sandwich at another barbecue place -  Sassy Sal's in the Northwest- I was still craving the real thing so my girlfriend recommended we go to TC's which has been a favorite of hers for a while. 

We had a certificate from Restaurant.com which obliged us to eat there and while we were originally hoping for take-out, I'm glad we stayed.  First impression - I really liked the decor which had great, vibrant color along with tasteful framed photographs on the wall which made you feel right at home.  This is exactly what I want from a barbecue joint -clean, tasteful, casual, and homey.

Service was prompt, friendly and attentive throughout.  The food was the real deal - plenty of  great tasting pulled pork with just a bit of sauce on the bun and great coleslaw to go on top.  My girlfriend got a two meat combo with beef ribs, hot links, and two sides which she said was also good.  The peach cobbler was great - and I don't even like peaches!  I can't wait to try the glazed donut bread pudding.

I'm kicking myself that I've lived down the street from TC's for two years and this was only my first time there.  They've got a ton of lunch specials for only $4.99 and daily specials. 'll definitely be back soon.
I'm a fan of TC's Rib Crib. If you are looking for good home cooked comfort food, this is the place for you. They are in their new location now which is bigger and better. The food is always good. 

I also love this place because it is a small business and the people who own it are some of the nicest people I know. They are really commited to the community and doing their part. You have to love that.
I've been going to TCs since they opened and I tasted their pulled pork for the first time like 6 years ago or whenever it was. They have some good bbq and sides and pretty decent prices.  

The pulled pork is the main event here for me, although I confess during the whole span I've never tried the ribs. I was just never a huge fan of ribs in general. The brisket is well cooked and the links are nice and spicy. They have rib tips which I've had and they are very good and at 8.99 for a plate of them with 2 sides and cornbread, it's honestly almost too much to finish. They also have chicken and waffles, and their waffles are seriously good eats.  The sides are plentiful and they have different ones each day. I always get the fried cabbage when it's on the menu because its delicious, and the macNcheese is not bad either. The deserts are all homemade and the ones that I've tried are good. They had this oreo pie that is to die for, but the last few times I've visited it's not been there =(  Also theres kool aid on the drink menu, its like 1.50 or so for a giant cup with refills. Purple please. Oh yes.  

I've never had a problem with the service, though my visits are like 70% takeout, 30% dine in probably. The girls that work there are nice and the chef has come out to greet once or twice. It's very friendly and  inviting atmosphere in the dining room, so I would recommend at least one visit to see if you enjoy it as much as I do.
I went there on a recommendation from a felllow BBQ junkie.

I have to say, it was pretty damn good! Probably some of the best I had.

The service was good too.

This place is a hole in the wall, its no fuss and thats all I can say. They are what they are, in the best way possible.

I had the sampler platter and everything was great, including the collard greens, which is a test of any bbq joint.

Their corn bread was disapointing, they were corn muffins.

The hot links are F'n amazing!!!

The prices are great too, you won't go broke eating here...
TC's what happened?  Have been several of times.  Food is good but the service is the worst!!! My husband and son each ordered two meats with sides. I ordered a salad with shredded pork on top.  They received their meal and were half way done and I still did not receive my SALAD!  The waitress never came over to say anything or check on us.  I had to yell across the  restaurant to inquire about my salad.  When I asked she said "oh, he's making it now!"....very rude, I might add.  I told her that she can  just cancel my salad as my family was almost done with theirs.  I nibbled on my husbands greens and rib tips.  When the waitress finally brought over the check there were never any apologies on my salad, REALLY!!  I will never go there again!  You are suppose to offer a Groupon to get customers to keep coming, not scare them away...but maybe that is why we were treated like second class citizens!  Hopefully, their good food will keep them in business and the service will not run people away.
Stayed in Las Vegas for the weekend and decided to order delivery to our hotel.  You have to order through Road Runner, a 3rd party delivery service.  

[Even though we called T.C.'s and they ok'd our $10 for $20 certificate for delivery, Road Runner said there was no way they could accept it unless T.C.'s had the coupon physically there...wha???  At least the gal who answered the phones at T.C.'s was very cordial and patient with us]

Back to the food. 

We ordered pulled pork with 2 sides and cornbread.  The pulled pork was disappointing.  Not good quality meat.  Flavors not amusing.  The cornbread, though it was a single corn muffin, was good, moist, and fluffy.  

The 2 sides were greens and sweet potato fries.  The greens were the best thing in the entire order.  Not soggy, flavorful, cooked with bacon and spiced.  The sweet potato fries actually were soggy, limp, and therefore unappetizing.  

We also ordered a meatless platter which includes your choice of 3 sides.  We doubled up on the greens, luckily.  We ordered baked beans, which were yummy, and mac n' cheese which was alright except for the piece of paper I bit in to....wow.  

For dessert we had the peach cobbler, which was so bad, we decided as soon as we return home, to make one ourselves as a redemption.  It was made with canned peaches, and the cobbler part was a cinnamon and flour mass that was undercooked.  Made my tummy hurt. 

The amount of food could've fed 3 people comfortably.  Well, splitting one corn muffin might have been uncomfortable.  If I were to eat from there again, I'd want to go in person to see how clean the restaurant is.  I understand accidents happen, but they left a paper trail!
I'd just like to say that I've had bbq in Tennesse, Texas, South Carolina, Alabama and even NYC but I have NEVER had BBQ this tasty and tender
EVER!!!! 

I'm from the Tri-State, where there are some of the best spots to eat are in the world. I travel alot as well and I haven't been this impressed in a long time with BBQ. I'm a foodie and I was blown away with the food period!

We were on our annual Vegas trip and I went to look for the spot because of the reviews and I was tired of the same ole same ole on the strip.

TC's is Vegas's diamond in the ruff!!! The mac and cheese is so delicious I had to order another to go. They give you enough food that you can eat for days.  The chef came out to great us because I raved so much. The service is excellent too.

PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE go and check this spot out. It's affordable and I PROMISE you won't be disappointed. I can't wait to go back!!
Went here the other night and when I walked in with my family there were only two people there.. Didn't think much of it, the service (at the beginning) seemed on top of it but once she placed our food down we never saw her again! Everyones drink was empty and I had to call a different waitress to get us the bill.. 

Let's talk about the food. I had pull pork sandwich with sweet potato fries I can say it was good (8.99). My husband had brisket and it was horrible! It tasted like lunch meat and was just smothered in this sour BBQ sauce... (recommendation- smoke your brisket) it was 12.99 and the portion was so small. (not worth it) My daughter had two beef ribs that didn't even have enough meat on it AND was too spicy for a 6 yr old to eat! I tasted it and couldn't eat it. Why would they put that on the kids menu and not specify that their BBQ sauce is spicy?! 

We obviously couldn't tell our concern to our waitress because we never saw her again! This place is ridiculous and I wouldn't recommend it at all!!
TC's baby back ribs are the best ribs period.

Their barbeque sauses are good to average but their ribs are all perfect.

Limited side dishes end up being mediocre supporting cast members to the stars.  The pulled pork, the brisket, the did I say ribs are the ultimate meat fest.
this place is awesome. i have been craving BBQ for a while since I moved from Colorado. This place hit the spot and hit the nail on the head. I know where to go now for BBQ. The staff is amazing as well, and if you dont know what to order ask the staff. My wife and i were able to share a meat order of 1/4 ribs, and pulled pork. I thought it would be small, so i ordered a beef brisket sandwich. we couldnt finish it. we ended up taking the rest home with us.
AMAZING.  Real Southern cooking.  I know because I used to live in the South, and I used to eat at the famed Leatha's BBQ in MS all the time.

This is genuine, home-made stuff, not some dry, commercialized crap from major chains.  Their recipe has been handed down for generations, so you know this is legit.  Juicy ribs that easily fall off the bone, and BBQ sauce to die for are just a couple of things that define TC's.

The sides tend to get overlooked, as they are just as good as the ribs.  The fried okra is the best.  And though I absolutely hate coleslaw, I can say with a straight face that I really like TC's.  I don't know what it is, but it is good.

I really do believe this is the best home-made BBQ place in town, so try it for yourself!
Everytime I pass by I always see a sign for $4.99 lunch specials but when I look at the time it's either to early or to late. I always slow down looking at the sign as if it would magically change. $4.99 has to be a really good deal for BBQ so to save some bucks I wanted to go during lunch. Passed by on a Saturday, like clock work I see the sign, slow down, read the sign, and check the clock.  Almost continued on as usually but it was lunch time so turned at the next chance.  

"Yea Im gonna get my BBQ ON!!" Not so, no lunch special on Sat and Sun but a 2 for 1 breakfast special which was OK but I really wanted some BBQ.  Not much of a BBQ menu for breakfast, mostly omelets and waffles. Ordered the brisket omelet not my favorite I was expecting it to be covered with BBQ sauce and big chunks of brisket pieces instead there was tiny slices of brisket and not a lot of taste.  All there was on the table was hot sauce and ketchup. It was plenty filling though. Next time I'll see if they can give me some BBQ sauce.

I ordered some BBQ to go. Some of their "world famous" BBQ ribs which tasted really good and the meat fall off the bone tender like it suppose to.  The full slab was $20 but had a $10 for $20 yelp coupon so scored.

I had the craving for some brisket, hence the brisket omelet, so ordered that to. Again I was expecting thick pieces of brisket, you know something you can cut with fork.  Instead very thin slices kind of how you would eat deli meats.  It was also rubbery and chewy, not a fan of the meat but loved the sauce.

Services was good, friendly and warm must have been the holiday season.  The place was decked out for the holidays, stocking hanging, xmas tree, and music playing.  It was slow there so I don't think they mined me stay there a just relaxing after I ate.  Even stole a few ribs and brisket pieces out of my containers before I left LOL. They have dessert but I had no room, menu say to ask for their $1.00 dessert of the day.  I'll probably be back for more ribs and to try more of their BBQ menu. I like all of the old photo all over the wall.
Not the best BBQ/Soul Food in town but it wasn't inedible. I was a bit disappointed with the Brisket but the sweet tea was fabulous! 

I personally think they are a bit overpriced for the quality and quantity of food you get and I wish I would've seen the yelp deal BEFORE we ate there!
Today is not one of my better days.  First going to deal with Wells Fargo again (for the forth time) on a free checking/savings account that they recommended for protecting my account from fraudulent charges, and then ironically getting robbed via monthly service fees by the same bank.  Then going off to TC's Rib Crib to use my Groupon before it expires in a few weeks, with the thought of some Sothern-style BBQ to distract me from my growing irritation of recent dealings with WF.

The place was dark, sign removed, along with everything including the kitchen sink.  I though I drove to the wrong spot in the strip mall, and even double check on the phone for the direction to the business via Yelp app.  The only sign that indicated that I was in the right place, but wrong time, was the TC's Rib Crib logo stillon the glass door.

What the H is going?  Did I unknowingly step through the Star Gate event horizon during a solar flare that transported me back in time to Friday, January the 13th, 2012?  I had to go back home and reread the entire Yelp talk thread on Famous One Liners (http://www.yelp.com/topic/las-vegas-famous-one-liners) to wobble back towards my inner happy place.

I am now so glad I stopped buying any more Groupons, as many of these restaurants apparently are on their last gasp of desperate air before going under.  This makes 2 defunct restaurants that I tried to redeemed Groupons for in the past month.  And I should probably look to short Groupon and use the money I probably willmake to subsidize my restaurant dining expenses.
Use to be better at the old location. Does not have the family feel to it anymore and food is just OK. But great Sweet Potato Fries!
Wanted to love this place!! Annnnnd, didn't. The food was just "ok". The people that worked there were nice. Service was super slow even though we were the only ones there at the time. I think the long wait hyped us up even more...thinking it would be delicious. Nope. Just..."eh".
I believe in 2nd chances! Ordered the Barbecued Chicken for take-out. It was so dry I fed it to my dogs and ate the 3 day old Albertson's Barbecued Chicken in my fridge. You know it tasted fresher and better! Corn Muffins were good though.
I got a Groupon recently for TC's Rib Crib. I had been to there old location, but this was my first venture to this location. I went with my spouse and we both got the lunch specials. I got the pulled pork sammie with the greens. My wife got the chopped brisket sammie and fried tea. She also got a sweet tea. We split an order of banana pudding. The food was quite good and the price was right. We'll be back.
**Summary**
       - Ribs - The spare ribs were probably one of the best ribs I've ever had. The meat inside was just so tender. The bbq sauce was just perfect with fire-kissed crust.
       - Homemade - Almost all of their non-fried sides are homemade. It gives the food a more family feeling.
       - Location - They used to be over on Dessert Inn but moved to a roomier location. They also changed their phone number and didn't update yelp until recently.
       - Price - The prices are a bit steep if you're eating for one. I usually share a three meat combo, so it ends up being about $9 a person. Trust me when I say, it's a lot of food.
       - Consistency - It seems people either really like or really hate the place. Even something like the meatiness of the ribs is up for debate. I don't know if it's a consistency problem.
**Ordered**
       - $17.99 Three Meat Combo with 2 sides and cornbread muffins.
          - 1/4 Rack (3 bones) Baby Back Ribs (Pork) - Fire-smoked and crispy on the outside with their homemade bbq sauce. Meaty and juicy on the inside. It's a step above your overcooked Tony Roma's or Famous Dave's ribs.
          - 1/4 Rack (3 bones) Spare Ribs (Pork) - I'd prefer the spare ribs over the baby back because they had more meat and were thicker. This meant there was a lot more fall off the bone meat between the smoked crispy crust and the bone.
          - Beef Brisket - The bbq sauce, though the same as the ribs, just seemed too sweet. The brisket was not thick sliced like I was use to. It was thinly sliced like bulgogi. I probably wouldn't get this again.
          - Candied Yams - Homemade and caramelized to perfection.
          - Wedge Cut Fries - Crispy on the outside, cooked just right on the inside.
          - Cornbread muffins - Also homemade, they were sweet and delicious. For an extra dose of diabetes, you can add honey on top.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for some calorific soul food. I'd choose your meats/sides wisely however. Reading the other reviews and my own experience, the items are either really good or really bad.
I'm kinda disappointed by this place.  After reading alot of good reviews i gave it a try.   First of all the place was totally empty, except for some people picking up an order.  It took the girls about 15min to take our drink order, I don't know why!!!!!  I went with my two small children, ordered the lunch special BOGO free on Tuesdays.  I ordered the riblets with coleslaw and the half chicken with mac and cheese. I thought it was gonna be enough for the 3 of us.  When the food came out i thought it was a joke or something.  I was like, where is the rest of our food!!!??   The servings are ridiculous!!!!!!!!!!!   I had to order an extra lunch special.   My 2 year old ate the super tiny quarter leg almost whole.   And my riblets were just so tiny  there was hardly any meat on them.  On top of that the food came out cold... What a BIG letdown!!   I will never go back.  I really don't understand all the hype about this place.  Maybe we went on the wrong day and time.   If you want good BBQ try H&H BBQ in NLV.   Also let me add that the Kool- aid has sooo much sugar its almost undrinkable...
My wife and kids accompanied me to TC's rib crib for a family outing there and it was the first time any of us have ever eaten there. We were going because a co-worker of my wife suggested it. Please BEWARE though that the address on some of these sites is WRONG and if you go to the OLD location there's nothing there! It took us 15 mins and we had to find that out the hard way.

We ordered the following:
Mac-n-cheese: GREAT! Their own recipe and it was awesome! It's really hard to find homemade macaroni and they BY FAR have THE BEST! And this is coming from people who have had mac a hundred different ways!

Mild Links: I can't remember which MEAT it was, but different meats have different heat factors, chicken being the most mild, so it had to have been pork or beef. Anyway, they were GREAT also as compared to other links from other places. VERY FILLING too!

Beef Brisket: Not the best. The BEST I've had would be at Famous Dave's BBQ. But this place would be 2nd best and I've had it at several places. Very tasty and filling.

Baked Beans: Good, but nothing to write home about.

Cornbread: Good, but nothing to write home about. Rather small compared to what other places give you. This was a small sweet muffin style

Mini-Burgers: My daughter had this, it looked filling but she still said she was hungry afterwards. Keep in mind she's a very hungry girl.

Donut Style Bread Pudding: The most disappointing of all because it can't REALLY be considered bread pudding. I love bread pudding so I know what GOOD bread pudding is. Famous Dave's has the #1 BEST, Green Valley Ranch Buffet has the 2nd best. This place literally gives you a itty bitty little plastic thing with some weird bread stuff covered in that thick nasty white goo you see on top of honey buns from 7-11. And that's EXACTLY what it tasted like, a 7-11 Honey Bun. What was more disturbing was it was prepackaged and the waitress asked me if I wanted it heated up, meaning it was put in a microwave. NOT GOOD. They should SERIOUSLY not even offer bread pudding if it isn't home made. What a shame.

Sweet Tea: Good, one of few places that have it and it was LIPTON sweet tea. Just like I grew up on and make at home. But I would expect an AUTHENTIC soul food restaurant to have something more special. The amount (as far as cup size) was so much that I never needed a refill so that was good too.

One weird thing to complain about... While my KIDS were there, 2 white bikers came in and sat down to eat and they were cussing really loud the entire time. Usually I wouldn't mind because they are adults and they can do what they want. I even cuss in front of my kids at home and they know THEY aren't allowed to do the same. But the fact that those guys would cuss loudly in a restaurant with kids seemed rude, obnoxious, and ill-mannered. Not the restaurants fault but I didn't see any of the employee's responding to the situation. If I were the owner or manager I would have NICELY reminded them that "This is a business and a family establishment" and asked them to please stopp cursing because of the kids.
One thing that does really irritate me about TC's is that it's phone is busy so often.  They don't seem to have a system to take multiple calls at once.  I even had the phone company ring me when the line was open and still waiting after one hour.  Weird.
Always great food, and always excellent service!
I was able to get a Groupon Now for free and tried this place.  I ordered the three meat special with ribs, brisket, and chicken with mac and cheese and greens on the side.  The meats were nice and tender.  Their BBQ sauce is good but the one we had was a little on the sweet side.  The greens were amazing but the mac and cheese is just ok.
1 year ago we moved to Summerlin and since then I have driven past TC's Rib Crib and seen it on my check in list on Yelp and other sites.  At first I thought it was someone's house but then I saw it was a real shop and my hopes rose as I love BBQ and hole in the wall places are usually the best.     Well finally my family and I gave it a try.  First   The menu was promising and I am kicking myself for not trying the Catfish Fry-Day special. Instead we went for the three meat combo and our daughter tried the two rib kids meal.   The baked beans and cornbread  were excellent and the potato salad not bad.  The barbecue sauce had a lot of flavor and spice.  However, there was way too much sauce on the food even for us BBQ lovers.  The spare ribs were tough and chewy instead of tender.  The pulled pork might as well been a bowl of sauce as the meat's only flavor came from the mass of sauce.  The brisket was unique, almost a greek gyro cut (very thin and bendable like ribbon) but was also chewy and overcooked.  The atmosphere was nice but the staff mostly seemed overworked resulting in a long time between drink refills.  The YELP coupon definitely made this a value buy and the $4.99 lunch specials and kids prices make it a bargain for the value conscious but if you are looking for the perfect BBQ, you will be disappointed.  It appears from the mixed reviews that this place may be hit or miss depending on the chef or how busy they are but It won't be in my main rotation.  I will however give it another shot one day just to see if I caught a bad day.
TC's Rib Crib
 3655 South Durango, Suite 18
Las Vegas, NV 89147
 
This place was voted Best of Vegas 2007, Best Pulled Pork 2007...I say Hog Wash!!
 
This place earns 2 stars at best.  Too much sauce, very sweet sauce (which I usually like) but when you can't tell what is under the sauce, eeww...the ribs were tough and had no flavor.  Service left a lot to be desired! Price, pretty good.  Yelp had a special ($10 for $20) so the cost of dinner, cash out of pocket was $10 which included a tip.
 
Hard to find good BBQ in Vegas, but I'm on the hunt now.
 
Famous Dave's (another local BBQ favorite here in Vegas) get a much higher rating.
 

Location: 4 stars (Great views)
 Atmosphere: 2 1/2 stars (very casual, but cool old pics on the wall)
 Food: 2 stars
 Service: 2 1/2
 Price: 4 Stars
My sons and i love the place. something about the flavor of the ribs and chicken. been going there for years. look out for groupons & yelp special deals.
This place has great food! We've tried the pulled pork and beef brisket sandwich with sweet potato fried and wedge fries and lemon cake for dessert. They play R&B music and there are plenty of soul food choices to choose from. The service however was slow, but overall, the place had a friendly atmosphere.
They make their own BBQ sauce it's great and good prices for lunch specials
I am not sure about yelpers now after reading some of reviews for this place. First off someone said the mac and cheese was bland.  It's the best mac and cheese in town and the recipe has been handed down for generations. I am not usually a rib guy but the baby back ribs here are incredible sauced to perfection for my taste.I am not exactly sure but I think this place is staffed with family and close friends and have always been helpful and friendly. So for the yelpers who think this place is bad you must not have tried Tony Roma'a or famous Dave's  (talk about poor service and microwaved ribs yuck) you don't know a great place when you eat at one. And this place is great.
Whenever I don't have time to smoke ribs, TC's is right down the street to get my fix.

So far, I've been getting full racks of beef and spare ribs. Both racks are delicious, but there is something special about beef ribs. I had cow rib meat all in the nooks and crannies of my teeth. I love that feeling! It's so soothing! You know you've been eating ribs when you smile and you got all this shit stuck in your grill. EYE LIKA!!!
Both full racks were big orders, but It seemed like you got a lot more with the full rack of pork spare ribs. The price isn't bad at all for a full rack. Solid ready-to-go bbq, although I wish they would drenched their ribs in bbq sauce. Make sure to ask for extra sauce. 

The Ribs will get you there if you're too lazy to make them yourself...

There still is a lot on the menu that needs to be sampled. Will update...
Having had BBQ from the South, this place is amazing. The service was phenomenal; the staff genuinely cared if you enjoyed the food or not. It has a "home" feeling to it. The ribs were very good with great sauce as well as the pulled pork was excellent. The people saying it didn't taste good have not had southern BBQ. The mac and cheese is the best  in town by far; homemade, very cheesy, and just perfect. The price was very reasonable for what you are ordering and the sides are large. The desert was also homemade and very delicious. Having this be my first time at TC's my overall experience was amazing and will tell others about it and will return in the future!! =)
Love the southern cooking! Everything I have tried here is amazing. I'm partial to baby back ribs and wedge fries, my husband adores the pulled chicken and Mac and cheese. We have every birthday here, it is a great place in a nice location run by good people! Never disappointed!
Before the move to this location, my last visit was rather disappointing, so when my husband wanted to go here for dinner tonight, I was a little hesitant.  

The place was near empty, it's a lot bigger dinner room and the service was good.  I go a two meat combo, sausage and brisket with two sides.  I loved the sausage, but the brisket I didn't care for.  I think it's more like roast beef, cut into thin strips, there is no smoke line, and it reminds me a lot of my mothers Sunday roast beef.  

My husband got a slab of ribs and they were very good, so if I come back, I will skip the brisket.
Great experience thanks to a Yelp! deal and some good tips.
The food is pretty darn good. Of course, get the ribs... don't stray.

Great service and reasonable prices, considering the quality :)
We found out about this place when Groupon offered a $14 credit for $7.  We like BBQ and the place is pretty close to home.  Well the service was slow slow slow, the order was wrong on the first few attempts by the two young servers who apparently were not communicating with each other, and when we finally got all the overpriced food we ordered, it was mediocre to bad.

The final insult was when the 16-year-old girl running the place ripped us off.  She refused to accept the full amount of our $14 Groupon, claiming that because we had ordered one of the "daily specials", that she could only give us a $10 credit instead of the full $14 face amount.  Apparently she was well-trained at a young age to steal form the customers, because when I objected and tried to explain to her that she was violating the Groupon policy by not honoring the full amount of the Groupon,  she claimed that's how she did it for "all Groupon customers".  I guess I was the first one to speak up.

I asked to talk to the owner, but the girl said that she could not reach him.  So we took back the $4 tip we were going to leave and broke even, but left with a bad taste in our mouths, both literally and figuratively!

Our suggestion:  DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT EATING AT THIS AWFUL PLACE!!!  Head to Famous Dave's BBQ instead-- cheaper, with much better food, service, and atmosphere!
worst ever..
Came here after purchasing a Groupon. Place was almost empty on a Saturday night and was excited to try the food after seeing the menu. Unfortunately I didnt want to have all night for one of the two teenage girls to ever come take our order. After being ignored for 15+ minutes with not even drinks ordered we left and again were ignored by the two workers talking to each other at the counter and looking at one of their phones.  So I wish I could rate the food but at the rate service was progressing I didn't have five hours to wait around.
My wife literally applauded after eating the mac and cheese.

Amazing ribs (spare/beef/baby back), chicken and links.  For sides, we typically do a double of the mac & cheese.  Giant cups of Muddy Waters (Sweet Tea + Lemonade) to wash it down.  Followed by a nap.

I really have no clue what else to say about this place. I LOVE IT.
The beef ribs! Never eaten at TC's but we had TC's make some beef ribs to come home. The beef ribs were a hit with my family. The sauce was so good, it made you wanna smack your mamma! Besides the sauce, the beef was tender. My only gripe was the lack of beef on the rib, it wasnt love at first sight but once eaten that all changed. Other than that the ribs were really good.
Good stuff!
Food was great however the service was horrible. Took a good 10-15 mins for somebody to come take our drink order. Once we did get our food nobody bothered to come see if we needed a refill. Next time I'll just order for take out.
I absolutely love TC's and I've been eating here or a few years now. Yes, the service is NO good but the waiters and waitresses are clearly nieces, nephews, etc. of the two owners, and it's no reason to denote any stars considering such small businesses need support from friends, family, and their customers. The meats are always delicious, the mac and cheese is phenomenal, and don't forget to ask about their daily dessert for only a dollar (I'm a fan of the banana pudding). I also like the fried okra. The quarter chicken lunch special with all white meat is only $5.99 and PLENTY of food. Regular lunch specials (entree and side) are $4.99 before 3pm any day and on Tuesdays lunch specials are 2 for 1. Can't beat feeding two people for five bucks anywhere, especially with food like this. If youre feeling adventurous, I also recommend the chicken and waffles. The owners (husband and wife) are wonderful, and if they are there during your visit, don't miss out on a conversation with them. 

Overall, this place is small, family run, and delicious. Like I said, there are sometimes hiccups with the wait staff, but you'd be happy you came and would be doing everyone a favor by avoiding Famous Dave's.
YUMMY YUMMY place I tried because of the most favorite deal "GROUPON"! ha
The deal was for 2 sandwiches, 2 sides and dessert to share! I had the sweet tea also (that's the only way to do SOUTHERN) and it was lovely! The pulled pork was very tasty, although not quite what I expected from a "family" restaurant. I thought they would have homemade  sauce and this tasted more like something off the grocery store shelf. The sweet potatoe fries were good and the apple cobbler for desser was AMAZING! I will go back just to try the GLAZED DONUT BREAD PUDDING, since that wasn't a choice with the Groupon. And maybe the sauce will have improved!
The service is slow, they take their time and there is no urgency in their service. The food is great though!
Nice people.  Good food.  I'd definitely go back.
Great place.  Our favorite rib house. The ribs were meaty and tasty. 
Service was friendly and efficient. 
Like the new location and that its locally owned.
I've eaten ribs all across 'America and TC's are among the finest I've ever had.  The owner Joe is a transplanted Louisiana guy and his glaze is spectacularly good.  I had the spare ribs and the beef ribs and they were both succulent and the portions were gigantic.  The sides, mac and cheese and collard greens were amazing.  Even the corn muffin was splendid.  TC's is head and shoulders over any rib joint in the Las Vegas area.  I only wish I could entice Joe to move his operation to New York!
Used the Yelp deal and I'm glad we didn't pay full price. Service is bad and they weren't busy! Don't have to return
I've been to TC's twice now and I love it!! It's my favorite rib house anywhere (yes more than Phil's BBQ in San Diego!) The service is always great, and the food is mind blowing! The muddy water is really good, but we usually end up drowning ourselves in the best kool-aid ever known to man. What I love most about this place is that its not selective. What I mean is that its not "oh the ribs are great, but this/that isn't. EVERYTHING at TC's is delicious! From the mac & cheese to the ribs/sauce...I couldn't drool more. Make sure to use the Yelp deal!
Best BBQ place I've seen in Vegas and it won't cost you an arm/leg, which is typical of BBQ restaurants.
Made me feel like I was back in the midwest again, love it.
Decided to check this place out since we were in the area and there was a yelp deal. 

The food was decent, nothing too special but it took forever for the server to bring our food and it wasn't hot when it arrived. After waiting forever we didnt' want to send it back to be reheated. The restaurant wasn't that busy either so the delay and luke warm food was a disappointment.
I don't think I have been to a better restaurant in the area -- the staff was SO helpful, generous and gracious; a business strength paralleled ONLY by how PHENOMENAL the down-home cookin' was, in perfect accordance with their purported style of cuisine.  I feel very lucky we found this Yelp deal and will absolutely return!!
YOU AIN'T GOT SOUL IF YOU DON'T LIKE TC's!  This place is the real deal Soul kitchen.  I had a little of everything, and took to go what I couldn't finish -- and oh baby, that ain't no problem!

I had the baby back ribs, beans, collard greens, mac & cheese (unreal!), and sweet potato pie.  Each was so very good, and at a very fair price.  Excellent service by super nice and friendly gals (special shout out to NicNic and Ducky!).

It's a casual place in a mini-mall, but with cute and authentic southern decor.  For a west-coast guy, I no longer felt like I was in Vegas, or back in LA where I live -- this transported me...and I loved it.

Oh yes, I'll be back, and I'm bringing ziplocs.
Decent prices , very friendly staff , but most importantly great food. The yelp deal also a steal.
The place is a little small but the decor and furnishing have a welcoming feeling...of a family owned business that is actually relaxing.  Casual place, but nice! The food comes in good amount packed with flavor to savor as the aroma engulfs your smell senses. Prices are reasonable and portions are generous as far as meats go.  They could give a little more when it comes to sides though.   The servers at the time were very friendly, polite and helpful.  Food is generally of the South type flavor, but there is something everyone will love.  Especially the BBQ!  I haven't had a chance to try much of their other stuff...but I definitely will come back!
Not sure why Las Vegas struggles to have good BBQ. This place is highly overrated. The ribs are par-boiled and the food is mediocre.
We were driving around thinking of something to eat and saw TCs was open and we had a restaurant.com certificate. They moved from the last time I visited and are now by Zaytoon market.

We grabbed a combo to share: 

Spare ribs and baby back ribs were two of our choices. I ended up enjoying the spare ribs more as they were much juicier while still having a smoke flavor. It wasn't the best I've had, but they were solid enough. I wanted to try their beef ribs but they were out. 

We got beef sausage as our 3rd meat. This was hot link style and this I enjoyed better than the ribs actually. 

Sides we got mac n cheese which was just okay, collard greens was a bit too salty, fried jalapeno slices were spicy, crispy and good. They also brought us cornbread with our combo which was good but could have used some butter. I probably should have asked for some

The lady working the counter was pretty nice and came to check on us a few times for drink refills. 

Overall decent, but not my favorite BBQ joint around. I would get the sausage link again though, perhaps as a sandwich.

(Yelp 100 Challenge 8/100)
Upon entering TC's, the decor is very warm & inviting. We were the only people in the place on a Saturday morning.

We wanted to come for breakfast. There was no breakfast menu even though they are open for it? Not a big deal, but wanted to try a new breakfast joint.

Service was a bit slow for being an empty restaurant, but we were not in a hurry so it was not the end of the world.

Ordered a 3 meal combo & a cheeseburger.

Let me say the sweet tea might have been some of the worst ever. I personally despise Lipton & GMO tea. I always felt a sweet tea would come from a brand maybe made or big in the South? Maybe a better brand? 

The meal came... the cole slaw & mac & cheese were our sides. I will say this was some pretty great mac & cheese. The cole slaw was blended perfectly as well. The sides were better than our meats (brisket, pulled chicken, & rib tips).

Whether it was the brisket or the pulled chicken, something had a weird aftertaste to it. Not sure if it was the sauce or freezer burn. 

Cheeseburger was nothing special. Just a frozen patty fired up. Some meat probably purchased from Sysco Foods. A shame because a ground burger from Brisket would have been totally better. 

This is one of those rare moments where I felt bad for the struggling business. If I could nominate them for Restaurant:Impossible, I would. The decor is so nice and inviting to just have a dud in food.
I tried out TC's because Buzz BBQ near my house closed.  It was worth the drive.  The chicken was near perfect and the mac and cheese is as great as others say.  Cole slaw was not my favorite but if you really cole slaw you will probably like theirs.  I will definitely try it again.
Tried this place for takeout once and deemed it was not half bad. Dined in the restaurant tonight and this is my take:

The restaurant atmosphere was simple, clean, and very relaxed. Almost like an order-at-the-counter-then-seat-yourself kind of place. There was indeed table service albeit not the friendliest, but also not bad. BF and I decided to share the full rack of baby backs plus two sides: beans and potato salad. Everything came out in speedy time (there were maybe 3 other tables of people) and was warm, but let me tell you, this is not a place that concerns themselves with presentation. Everything was served in single use paper or plastic containers - the sides even had lids on them! Not a big deal but almost made me wonder, "What did we get ourselves into?". Aesthetics aside everything was good. I thought the potato salad was a nice consistency and balanced, very complimentary to the BBQ. The beans were basic and enjoyable. The ribs came out barely wet but extra sauce was offered immediately. Once sauced up to my liking we dug in and were very pleased. Great taste, extremely meaty, and very tender. My only complaint is that there are little bits of bone and gristle to be picked out but that's sort of expected in place like this. The cornbread that came with the meal left much to be desired which is kind of surprising for a rib place. Overall, for the price we paid we were well-fed and our rib craving was satisfied. We even took about half the rack home. Would definitely return and recommend this place to friends. 

TIP: we used the Yelp $10 for $20 so we only ended up paying $6 (plus tip). There were tons of specials listed, too, like 2 for 1 Tuesday lunches so that makes this place even more of a bargain.
The food was ok. My son ordered the child sliders. He was suppose to get 2, they only gave him one, saying they combined the meat to make one big one. This thing was so small it looked like a slider baby! My wife ordered a coffee, which was almost $3.00. When she was half way done, the waiter asked if she would like a refill. So I'm thinking good service.....When I got the bill, he charged us for 2 coffees. When I asked about it, I was told it was policy to charge for refills!! Ya right! I didn't pay it. I will never go there again. Stay away unless you want to be overcharged.
Had my first visit to TC's for lunch, and I'm a fan. When combined with a Yelp Deal, this restaurant is a great value.

Went here with some coworkers. One had been here prior, but it was the first visit for the rest of us. The chicken and waffles was the special for the day, which meant I got an extra waffle with my meal. The chicken wings had a crispy skin and the meat was very juicy. The waffles were okay. Nothing out of the ordinary. I also added the dessert for $1, which was peach cobbler that day.

Definitely a place I would return to. Our server mentioned that I have to try the ribs next time. Considering the name of the restaurant, I might have to take him up on that recommendation.
I regularly go to Las Vegas and enjoy eating off the strip.  It was my 50 birthday and I wanted BBQ.  Found this place online and from the video, thought this place would be great! Talk about a disappointing experience.  The food was sub standard, possibly old. The beef brisket I had was sliced really thin and was rubbery. NEVER have I had brisket like that.  The greens were too salty and were probably from cans or bagged(blah).  The only thing good was the fried food.  I have had plenty of Greens, beans, potato salad and BBQ from the South.  What happened??
This was our first experience withTC and it'll be our last. We had carry out and tried a number of items. The barbecue sauce was highly rated- tangy, sweet and flavorful. The ribs  and chicken wings were cooked nicely. The cole slaw was good as well.  No complaints there. The problems were with the following:

Cornbread: very odd, off-tasting, bland, giving the experience of eating a gummy lump of flavorless dough. I wanted to like it but there wasn't anything to go on. 

Catfish: fried nicely, but tasted like thawed out store fish. Overloaded with salt.

Macaroni and cheese: bland, flavorless. We guessed all the salt was used on the fish. 

French fries- tasted like the frozen potatoes we imagine they started as. Easily became cardboard-like. No flavor. 

Peach cobbler: by far the most disappointing. The only sweetness came from the peaches. The dough was just gloppy and flavorless. Where was the sugar? The vanilla? 

Our meal felt like a series of memory lapses where seasonings were forgotten. This sounds like a one-star review but I added a star because we enjoyed the BBQ ribs and chicken. When you spend money you want EVERYthing to taste good!
The staff was friendly, the food was great and the place was clean. We came late on a Saturday night and there were only a few people and were afraid we might get something warmed over but the dinner was hot and fresh!
We read about this when visiting Vegas and I guess the best I can say is we will make it a point to eat here te next time we are in town!
From now until forever every time I go to Vegas I shall visit TC's Rib Crib. So it is written, so it shall be done. 

I studied abroad in the South, I have family in the Carolina's, they don't have anything on TC's RIb Crib. Order the half rack of beef ribs, the mac and cheese is so good, the greens are like my grandma's. But they are just so good at dessert. There peach cobbler was literally like sweet heaven in my mouth. Great place for a group, great place for a date but you will get dirty!
This is southern barbeque at its best. Hurricane Katrina made the owner move to Las Vegas and that was good luck for Vegas.

I had the barbeque ribs and my husband had the pulled pork. We split an order of fried chicken wings. All were terrific. The corn bread is the best I've ever had. Cole slaw was excellent. The only thing not outstanding were the french fries; there was nothing wrong with them, but they were just O.K. Crinkle cut fries would be perfect.

We were there on a Friday night and the place was almost empty. What is wrong with the people of Vegas? Why is this place not crazy busy?! 

I am looking forward to my next trip to Las Vegas so I can eat at TC's Rib Crib again!
The food was taste good but portions were small and a bit $$.. i m sure there are better deals during lunch, but we stopped in for dinner .. The portion felt like appetizers/snacks.. Even with a restaurant.com coupon we still spend $18 inc tip? It became busy right when we came thru the door, so maybe i should of put more thought in my order, as i wanted to get it in before the big rush/ crowd. The corn bread was nothing to rave about, a handful of sweet potato fries, 1/2 slab baby back- look like a 1/3 slab and a cup of fried okra..And peach cobbler to go .That is all we got, maybe should of gotten full slab no sides.. oh well,  sorry not returning..The staff was pretty good consider they got bombarded with the soccer team and families..
TC's specializes in down home cooking and Southern hospitality, and it definitely feels that way when you walk in.  The restaurant is comfortably decorated; I like the red tone to it.  And the menu is a simple size while still offering sufficient options.

The date and I each got our own 2 meat combo with 2 sides and cornbread.  I ordered the baby back ribs, beef brisket, mac and cheese, and Big Sam's baked beans.  Unfortunately, our meals came out sans cornbread, but we asked for it mid-meal and a piping hot paper tray of two pieces of cornbread (they were really muffins) came out.  No butter, not that I needed the calories, but it would've been a nice addition.  And they were just okay.

The baby back rib meat peeled off the bone easily with my fork.  The first bite made me nervous - it was dry.  I kept digging and the meat in the middle was moist.  I don't know what happened, but the moist rib meat was good.  The ribs tasted more steamed than BBQ'd though.  I was really craving a smokier flavor.

The beef brisket was good; it was tender and juicy.  It paired very well with their homemade BBQ sauce.

The mac and cheese and beans came out in styrofoam containers.  That made me nervous thinking that they store their premade sides in the containers and warm them up to order.  But, it did come in handy for taking the sides home since there were plenty of leftovers.  The cheese on the mac and cheese was clumpy and not melted into the normal smooth sauce I was expecting.  It was an odd consistency, but it tasted okay.  The beans were also okay.  Both benefited from a healthy shake of salt and pepper.

My favorite meat was actually the pork links that my date ordered.   They were perfectly salty and had a wonderful smokey char.  They were also beautifully grilled with lovely black grill marks.  I could've eaten just those and been happy all day.

In conclusion, it was okay, but unfortunately not the best BBQ in the valley.  Aside from the smokey flavor missing in some meats, we were also wondering where the BBQ smell was.  The restaurant and parking lot were both missing the potent and mouthwatering fragrance commonly associated with BBQ places.  This left us both to wondering where and how the meats were being prepared.
The better bbq in Vegas. Now I've been to Famous Dave's (which sucks) and Buzz BBQ (it's ok) and TC's is one of the better joints. I ordered the family meal deal which you get your choice of 4 different meats, 3 sides, 1 fried side, and corn bread or white bread. My choices were:
1.) Brisket - covered in bbq sauce that wasn't too tart or too sweet
2.) Rib tips - tender and covered with the same sauce
3.) Pork links - sliced in half with nice char marks. A bit salty though.
4.) Baby back ribs - so tender you don't need a knife.
5.) Baked beans - I am not normally a fan of beans but I enjoy this. It's a great compliment to the greens
6. Greens - very salty but good when combined with the beans
7.) Mac n cheese - could be cheesier but i like how the flavors are a bit mellow since you have the strong flavors from the bbq
8.) Fried okra - love these little bits of goodness
Finally, 9.) Corn bread - it should really be called mini corn muffins. My only complaint with these is that it's way too small. I love me some corn muffins.

The staff is very friendly and very professional. The food is pretty on point with good flavors and tenderness. Overall, this is my go to place for bbq in Vegas. Now all I got to do is go there for their fish fry
we LOVE this restuarant. it is easy to place a to-go order , amazing staff who are always eager to make sure order is correct and the quality is superb every time. they have specials and run ads regularly. the most recent one i saw was on the back of my Albertson's receipt. how cool is that?? it was for a buy one , get one free deal on a BBQ sandwich. what really touched my heart is : they never , ever gave me attitude when i present them with a coupon. many vendors will either give me a nasty look , or, worse terrible attitude as they ring up the coupon . some will even give me a sad story about how business is slow, blah, blah.. really?? but, not TC's. once, around the holidays, i had the priviledge of meeting one of the owners . he was actually filling all the holiday orders himself and talking to customers. please go and visit this local eatery. they have amazing food, great portions, laid back atmosphere, and of course unheard of prices!! truly southern hospitality right here in Vegas!!!
Food was terrible and very overpriced. I should have known to leave when i walked in and I could not smell a hint of barbecue smoke. WILL NEVER RETURN!
Came here with my wife and the in-laws. It is a family run place and very comfortable and cozy inside.  Loved that they serve cool-aid.  They had only 2 flavors. 

We ordered the spare ribs and baby back ribs.  Both were very tender and had good flavor.  Their BBQ sauce is awesome.  Great flavor and a nice bite to it.

We also ordered the rib tips and brisket.  Some of the tips were burnt, but the ones that weren't were really good (the waitress did give us a discount).  The brisket was okay, a little tough.  

Very disappointed with the sides.  We ordered coke slaw, potato salad, Mac and cheese, baked beans, and candied yams. The candied yams were delicious.  Good sweet yam flavor.  The Mac and cheese looked like the sauce curdled and had no flavor, very dry.  Potato salad, baked beans, and coke slaw were nothing special, very plain.  I expect the sides at a BBQ joint to be very good.  

Overall, the meat was good and the sides were just okay.  Probably won't come back because there is so many other BBQ places in town to try.
Bought the 10$ for 20$ Yelp Special today as my boyfriend and I have been wanting to try TC's since we moved to the area. So, we went and tried it today.

We both got the meat and 2 sides + cornbread meal. He got the pulled pork, sweet potato fries, and mac. I got brisket, mac, and baked beans.

Our waitress was very nice and helpful. Our food looked awesome when it came out and we couldn't wait to dig in. The brisket was okay, I think I would have liked it better if I had ordered the sandwich. My boyfriend loved the pulled pork, and I have to say I did too, I kept eating from his plate! The mac was funky. We both didn't like the texture of the sauce, I prefer my mac and cheese to be creamy and this was kind of gritty. Sweet potato fries were good, and so were the baked beans. 

I didn't get to try any dessert, I was too full :( Overall this place is okay. Nice, chill atmosphere. I'm definitely going back for that pulled pork in the future, and I have to try their ribs to make my complete decision.
Some of the best ribs in town. Better than Lucille's and Famous Dave's. Get the spare ribs and ask for extra BBQ sauce.
Used a Yelp deal and had a great meal. Much better than the chain BBQ's around like Famous Dave's. It actually feels like non-chain authentic BBQ. They also have some table games to play and pass the time, not that it takes long for the food to come out at all. 

The Mac and Cheese was like the one I make, rich and with egg, good, but I like to try something different. The potato salad was good as well, nothing to complain about but otherwise nothing particularly unique. 

What I was most pleased with was the wedge cut potatoes. Perfectly crispy and soft with a great batter. Next was the pulled pork, and then the beef ribs. Both were smoky and flavorful and soft. The spare ribs, on the other hand, were a bit hard and with less smoky flavor in the meat. Meat was plentiful, though, and the cornbread was good, not too sweet. 

Next time I will save room for dessert and try some other items.
I came for the lunch special for takeout :) I had the rib tibs with a side of potato salad it was all very good.
I like going here for lunch and sometimes take my family.  I like the pulled pork, rib tips, and pulled chicken.  The ribs and brisket are decent. 

The sides are tasty...I like the beans, potato salad, mac and cheese, sweet potato fries, and onion rings.  And how can you beat the $1 deserts? You get about a cup of decadence.

I also appreciate that they have Kool-Aid; I have to limit my caffeine intake and this gives me an option besides water or sprite.
I visited this restaurant on Sunday early afternoon. The food was ok. Our macaroni and cheese was cold. Gross. I've also never see diced up brisket before. It was alright. 

Unfortantly, when I left the restaurant I left my cell phone behind. Not 15 minutes later did I realize this. We called the store and the manager claimed it wasn't there. We went to the store and there was no phone. The female told me no one had been in the store since I left but she didnt have it. I asked to speak to a different manager and se said I couldn't. She said the owner doesn't allow customers to call her. I left an alternative number to be reached on. No call. On Monday night my phone text my friend saying someone at rib crib had it and to come get it. I went Tuesday when they opened to get it. My phone was returned minus my $37 dollar case. The owner was nice and offered me a free meal. However I nor will
I allow anyone else I know to return to this restaurant. There is just something not right about a waitress stealing your phone.
5/5 for BBQ. This Texas style bbq the way I remember it. 

Brisket comes shaved, not chopped, with a healthy dose of sweet and lightly spicy bbq sauce. I also loved the rib tips, as well as the pulled chicken, and everything we had was excellent. I'll  be back for sure.
The brisket was a bit too apple cidery vinegary and sliced super-thin, which isn't the flavor nor texture I typically expect from brisket.  The baby-baby ribs were TOUGH, which is DEFINITELY not what I expect from baby back ribs!
  The sides were the best things there: dirty rice had a nice rue to it, black-eyed peas were spot-on, mac and cheese was wonderfully cheesy, the baked beans were the perfect balance of smoke and sweet.  The corn bread, however, disappointed and seemed like it was made straight from a powder you'd buy at a store.  Overall, though, the portions are well-proportioned, so you get a good bang for your buck, especially if you use the Yelp discount special.
  Another small thing that happened that kinda put me off a little was how they served the food: the waitress brought it out, one dish at a time, with significant time differences between the plates.  So two people in our party got their food...followed by another person getting their food....and then another.....and then the final person got theirs even later than the others.  A little protocol training on consistent table service would go a LONG way, when it comes to lunch service.
  So, overall, not impressed with the service nor the food, and not anticipating a return trip.
So after going to  Famous Dave's and eating their atrocious BBQ, I thought I'd try to find another spot, local or chain, that had better things to offer.  Most of the reviews were decent on TC's so I figured it was close enough to work to go check it out.

I took some co-workers to go with.

I had the 3 meat platter with chicken (dark meat), pulled pork and baby back ribs.  Side of slaw and mac and cheese.

Pulled pork was great, so was the chicken. 

Ribs were greatly lacking, and since their name is "Rib Crib", I expected better.  They were a bit tough to start with and didn't just tear apart with ease like you'd expect.  The flavor was great until I had some charred meat from the underside of the ribs where they obviously reheated on a grill.  All I could taste was burnt charcoal.

Mac and cheese had decent flavor and it was nice to have it super cheesy but it was incredibly greasy, so that's the drawback of that side.

Slaw was typical slaw, nothing to write home about.

Two people at the table had pulled pork sandwiches and they loved those.  Another person had rib tips and actually really enjoyed those but he said they weren't the best he's had by far.  The last person at the table also had the 3 meat combo and had rib tips, baby backs and brisket.

He said he wasn't a fan of the brisket, the rib tips decent, but the most awful part of his meal were the baby backs.  They ended up being tougher than mine, harder to eat and very dry.  Also had the nasty blacked char on one side.

He did in fact love his sides, dirty rice and baked beans.

Otherwise the service was great, super friendly and very attentive.  Refills on drinks overflowed and it definitely made up for the quality of SOME of the food.  I'd definitely go back but not for ribs, and that's the most disappointing part.

I bought the Yelp deal, the 10 for 20 dollar deal.  If it's available, get it yourself and then try the 3 meat combo yourself.  Definitely the way to go if you want to sample all the choices since it's roughly 17.99 on it's own.  So you end up saving money!
I enjoy southern cooking, so I stopped in at TC's Rib Crib to try their beef ribs. I have to say that the beef ribs were disappointing. There was not much meat on them. They decently do not come close to Lucille's beef ribs. The catfish was excellent though. I will definitely be back for the catfish.
So so delish! Great atmosphere and great service, the folks here are awesome... been twice and will keep going back, new favorite BBQ fo sho!!
After being told that there is no good BBQ in Las Vegas, I've been wanting any local (non-chain) place to prove them wrong.

Along comes TC's.  Their regular menu and breakfast menu elicits BBQ legitimacy, with Chicken, Ribs (spare ribs, baby backs & beef ribs), rib tips, and pull pork (any of these meats available in their omelets).

This being my first dining experience at TC's, I had to go with the three meat combo with 2 sides and cornbread in order to get a good feel of their BBQ.  My choices: Rib Tips, Baby Back Ribs, & Pulled Pork; Mac 'n' cheese & Fried Cabbage.

To my understanding, this is a family owned and run business and it showed from the extremely friendly and personable service to some of the family members playing a board game in the dining room because it was slow.

The rib tips were excellent as was the fried cabbage.  The pull pork was serviceable after adding a little more BBQ sauce.  The ribs however were dry and extremely charred.  TC's BBQ sauce is extremely sweet and lacking any kind of spice, but because that's not my cup of tea doesn't mean you won't like it.  The mac 'n' cheese was gritty and somewhat less than warm and the cornbread could definitely be categorized as stale.

All-in-all, I've rated TC's with three stars based on the service, "BBQ restaurant" feel, and my craving to have more rib tips and fried cabbage.  As for rating a "Rib Crib" for their Ribs, well that would be thumbs down.
We went there for my Birthday.  Biggest mistake ever, totally disappointed.  I am from Seattle and our Barbecue quality is not the greatest.  I have also been to Kansas, Alabama, Texas, and Georgia where I have had fantastic Barbecue.
Who slices beef brisket thin like deli meat unless it has been put in the refriderator and cooled.  It was rubbery and tasteless. The sides were ok.  I went there do to a video showcasing thier food.  What a lie. I will not be back.
The beef ribs are the best - tender juicy And meaty. We also tried the pork ribs and the BBQ chicken.  The pork ribs are also to die for and the chicken was good. I highly recommend the fried okra and the banana pudding. We loved the food so much we went back the next day. The restaurant is clean and well kept. The service was a bit slow and scattered but the food was worth it.

5 stars without any reservations.
This was my first visit for dinner on a Monday night using a restaurant.com coupon.
They were located on S Durango/Spring Mountain Rd in Las Vegas.  They were hidden in a strip mall.

We sat in a booth and shared the Full Slab of Baby Back Ribs with a side of Sweet Potato Tater Tots and Cole Slaw.  There were 10 tender ribs with plenty of sauce on them.  The Sweet Potato Tater Tots were hot and crispy.  The Cole Slaw was slightly sweet but a little watery.  Everything was very good and I would order them again.

Service was friendly and attentive.  We will be back.
Every time I stop at TC's I am reminded how great and friendly their staff is.  Even if I didn't love the beef ribs, I'd go back time and again.  Do yourself a favor and stop for lunch (or dinner) and be reminded what a great family dining establishment is all about!
Good stuff. Def worth trying out.
Wow!!! What an awesome place. Service and food are incredible!! 
Best BBQ chicken and ribs I've had!! Sides were great too. Can't wait to go back to Vegas!!
Do not set foot in this place if you are on or are considering being on any sort of diet! 

The food is amazing.  Large portions of freshly cooked great tasting southern/soul food.   For those from the south this is a taste of home.

A tip... order your Kool-Aid by Color!  "I'd like purple please!" and don't be afraid to ask what colors they have today.  On one visit they had green (lime). (warning: don't order if you are diabetic.   This is the full sugar kind of kool-aid)
The beef brisket was a skirt steak, they used turkey bacon for the turkey in the greens.....it could've been better. The potato salad was good
I was feeling the mood too try something new in my area of town. I know this place has won best of las vegas review journal awards although that was few years back. Since then the competition comes too barbeque has stepped up with new places on top of the established ones. So some ways going in it was going too be tough too stand out. I always always give any place benefit of open mind and like try new places get my own take on it. Really TC's Rib Crib never had any WOW factor too the food I tasted. It was average barbeque at best with average sides. Really even though this location is on my side of town would much rather drive farther too get more authentic barbeque on.

I ended up ordering the pulled pork (I always fail too get it sandwich style or forget) with choice of two sides and comes with cornbread. I settled on fried okra and mac/cheese for my sides. The amount of pulled pork they give you actually decent size for the price you pay. I wished it covered in more sauce. They ask you when food comes out if want more barbeque sauce. I did. The tables can dine inside none of them automatically have barbeque sauce as set condiments. I found odd considering it is barbeque joint? I not much fan of the barbeque sauce felt like it lacked depth, rather bland, and nice if had few options too choose from. The sides I did enjoy the fried okra!!!! Really just diced okra battered and fried. It nice golden brown, crispy on the outside, and nice hot and moist on the inside. The mac and cheese wished could have been more creamy and cheesy. It was ok. The cornbread was pretty good. Maybe I needed too the order the ribs but suppose save that for another visit...Maybe.

The service was good. They asked if wanted too dine in or take out. The gentlemen asked if wanted more barbeque sauce. Attentive. They have really cheap lunch special and great groupon deal going right now. It small place so can fill up fast if it gets busy. I went during weekday for dinner so only one in the restaurant.
Awesome food and great service ...
When you walk in the doors, it has the "this doesn't feel like Vegas" thing going for it. Simple decor, hand written deals on whiteboards, photos on the wall and what seems to be a family running the place. I personally love spots like that and I wanted to love TC's but it just didn't happen. 

I ordered a 2 meat combo with links and brisket then chose fried okra and greens for my sides. Being completely honest, this is the worst brisket I've ever had. I really don't even think they should call it brisket, it's that bad. The only thing I can compare it to is that boxed Philly cheese steak meat that comes frozen in super thin sheets. Only it's been freezer burned and overcooked to the point of leather-like texture. The link wasn't nearly as bad but definitely nothing special. As far as the sides go, the cornbread was bland and dry and the greens were straight bitter with absolutely no flavor. About the only thing worth noting on the plate was the okra...not too heavy on the breading and fried just right but still lacking flavor. My wife had a pulled pork sandwich...other than being way better then the other two meats on my plate, it still was just a basic sandwich and nowhere near worth the $9 price tag. Their sauce is ok but more sweet then anything and they don't even keep bottles of sauce on the table for you. Who does that?!

I'm really only giving this place two stars because their banana pudding was decent. Other than that, this was just a bad stop for me all around. The service was terrible, the food was even worse and it's highly overpriced. We used the Yelp $10 for $20 deal but still ended up paying $21 out of pocket. Do I even need to say I won't be coming back anytime soon?
Do not set foot in this place period. The brisket was the worst I've ever had. The pulled pork was bland and had the consistancy of tamale filling. The sides, baked beans and potato salad were mediocre at best. For anyone from the south, I'm from Texas, this is not barbeque by any stretch of the word.
Awesome place! I was craving ribs today, and it was just my luck that TC's popped up on yelp. With the yelp $10 for $20 deal, I ordered the full rack meal deal, where you get to choose the type of ribs, 2 sides, and a cornbread. Sooo, I got a full rack of baby back ribs, a generous cup of cole slaw, a generous cup of greens, and a cornbread all for $12!! I've never had such good ribs for such a great deal, unless it was home made. I will definitely come back.
I am kind of torn when writing about this place.  I am a beef rib fan, and have a hard time not ordering them if they are available.  The Problem, is that despite beef ribs being one of the cheaper bits of beef to buy raw, restaurants have a tendency to jack the price up ridiculously.  As such, a few months ago I had a hankerin for beef ribs, and didn't really want to pay 30 bucks plus at claim jumper, so I hoped on yelp and found a meal deal for tc's

  I bought the deal, called in an order, and picked it up.  The meal was the beef ribs, with two sides if I remember right, the sides were delicious, and there was enough food for (what would have been 20 bucks) to feed a family of four.... well.  The problem was the ribs themselves were more like pork ribs then beef.  The flesh came apart fairly easy, and the taste wasn't quite what I was looking for.

  Don't get me wrong, I didn't dislike the ribs they just didn't...... wow me?  The sides though were great like I said, and for the price I paid I really couldn't complain.  Personally I would say if there is EVER a special you should jump on it, and otherwise save it for those days of temptation where you don't want to go to a more premium outlet for the foods.
i love TCs! best macaroni and cheese i have ever had. collard greens are flavorful, BBQ is succulent, and banana pudding is to die for!

the place itself has a real mom and pop family oriented feel. yelp had a $10 for $20 coupon and i definitely took advantage of that to purchase bucket loads of their mac and cheese for last years Thanksgiving. My family loved it. Check out their website for daily deals too. On tuesday they have 2 for 1 meals. i wish i lived closer to this place.
The deal and food were awesome.
Excellent ribs and mac 'n cheese.  Alot of food for the price.
Second visit here.   Had the beef ribs both times.    Tender, good barbque sauce (but not enough of it - when I was done eating the waitress said that she shoulda/coulda brought extra sauce).   First time I really enjoyed myself.  Second time I felt gyped - a whole rack of ribs and hardly any meat on them.   The waitress tried to warn me.  She said that sometimes the supplier brought ribs without too much meat and this was one of those days, but I figured how little meat can there be on 8 ribs?  The answer was - about 4 ribs worth of meat on 8 ribs - half of each bone had no meat at all.    And what's with the plastic forks and knives?  The waitresses are very nice and helpful but it didn't make up for the small portions.
The pulled pork and bbq chicken was yummy. The sweet potato pie was a disappointment, tasted more like a lemon bar
This place is below average. For spending $80 on food I could go to Lucille's which has better food. 
Coleslaw was bland
their brisket is not traditional brisket
Ribs were eh
Cornbread was gross
BBQ sauce was alright
Their Mac and cheese was good! I am definitely not going back...again not worth the money I spent...
I found this place when I used to work down the street from them, and they were a go-to lunch spot for me and my coworkers back in the day. I have long since left that job, moved to a different part of town, and generally changed my diet to favor putting less sugar and refined things into my body. Then one day I got a job right down the street from their new location.

If they didn't use so much sugar, and they used grass-fed beef and pastured pork, they'd be a shoe-in for best bbq in town. But that isn't their fault, sugar is a part of bbq no matter where you go.

The pulled pork here is awesome. The brisket here is awesome. The ribs here are awesome. The sausages here are awesome. The rib tips are good but they used to be better, at some point they switched to doing them like everybody else with the tip of that cartilage still in them but they used to be just the meat. I miss the old way but the new way is still delicious. 

When I feel like I don't mind the sugar that day, and I'm in the mood for bbq, I'll take this place over Lucille's every single time.
The brisket was horrible but the sausage and ribs were pretty good. I am not sure what they use for brisket, maybe select meat? I've never had it so stringy and tough before.
The BBQ sauce at this place is delicious, has a little kick and is a little sweet it is perfect. The pulled chicken is my favorite and they have had candied yams the last few times i had been there which were also amazing. If you are in a hurry call in your order before you get there, takes about 10-15 minutes to get your food.
Ribs tips! Get the rib tips! And all of the desserts are goooooood!
Always feels like I am away from Vegas!! The staff is always friendly, personable, and super nice. There was a large group here before my husband and I came in but they still made us feel like we were the only ones there with their attentiveness!! I love coming here, the food and staff always makes me feel welcomed!! Thank you TC's Ribs!!! I will be a returning customer!!
We had the beef ribs and 2 meat combo platter. Really Friendly fast service and food was great. Will def go again and try the catfish!
I came in here awhile back and LOVED my greens and pulled pork. Ever since it's been on my mind! Today was the day we'd go back for the rib tips special. Mine was a combo of tender, hard and burnt. Yams and Mac n cheese were both so DELICIOUS! Our waiter was great, very friendly with our children. Overall, I love this place and would recommend the pulled pork!
The main difference of soul food bbq and other styles of bbq is, its better. these folks got their act together! Although the restaurant is small, it is also adequate in size and super clean. Its family owned. The cook is the uncle, the nephew waits tables and the wife makes sure you are happy. The best ribs I have ever tasted. The meat falls off the bone and their made in house bbq sauce is just spicy enough. BB were flavorful, mac was cheesey, but the coleslaw was unquestionably the very best I ever had. I would classify it as more of a creamed cabbage, found only in upscale restaurants.
This restaurant is on its way to bigger and better things. I look forward to the next location being closer to Southern Highlands.
pulled pork was pretty good...the same for the onion rings and okra but they tasted like they were from frozen...they were still good so what ever...the people working there seemed like they wanted to be outgoing and friendly but Im sick right now and I was in one of my anti-social moods so as they were being very friendly I probably came off to be a b*tch! (sorry for that)...price wise they are a little pricey and I agree with others that for the price vs. quality you could go somewhere else but the are so close to my house I dont mind paying. I could say they are a-ok but I will return again so I guess that makes me a fan!
We have eaten at TCs several times, at least once each time we visit Vegas.  The ribs are tender and flavorful and the greens are the best I've had anywhere!
I was looking forward to eating here. Wow ordered a side of O rings and Jalapeno poppers received 5 - O rings and 5 - poppers  $ 3.85 each , that feels pricey 
 Half slab of baby back , it was a little cold,
Cold slaw was soggy over all spent $65.00 plus felt very let down
 Only good thing the waiter was VERY Professional.
The food was good. It was a little pricey though. The employees were very friendly and the the place was nice and clean. It was a little cold inside though.
I'm a big fan of good ribs and this place fell short of good ribs. The price wasn't bad because of the $10 for $20 coupon I bought on Yelp but they quality just wasn't there. The ribs weren't tender and a little cold I used extra bbq sauce cause the taste of the ribs wasn't very good. I do want to say the service was good though.
Eh, they market themselves as "soul food bbq", and I have to disagree. The food wasn't nasty, but it was not great. It was just OK. I won't be going back here, and I won't be suggesting it to friends.
Very disappointed, place didn't smell right when we came in, maybe dirty mop water, also the paper and plastic ware was a set back, ordered the chicken and waffles,  chicken very good, waffles was so so, brought a friend with me and had to apologies to her for bringing her. Won't be back.
After coming here twice I have found my new favorite rib crib. The place is small but the portions are huge. I got the 3 meat combo with all ribs (beef, baby back & spare) with coleslaw and potato salad as my sides. The beef ribs had good flavor but not a lot of meat. The baby back were fall of the bone delicious. The spare ribs were excellent as well. The coleslaw was buttermilk based and no vinegar it was the perfect compliment to the ribs. When I tried the potato salad I got a chunk of egg and potato it was perfect. I will definitely be back.
I've been coming here for 10+ years.  Cozy clean atmosphere and the service is excellent.  Breakfast is just on the weekends but its worth the wait.  The 3 meat omlete is priceless, comes with real grits and a biscuit.  You have to drink the muddy water and dessert after breakfast is a "better than sex cake". BON APPETITE!!!!   Have never had a bad meal and the service has been above superb every visit.
The infamous TC's rib crib! Not quite, but it's here and there's a deal so let's do it!

Seeing this deal on yelp spend $10 for $20 you think "hey! What's to lose?" The answer is flavor and quality. First impressions walking in to a empty restaurant and scoring this deal you automatically think "what did I get myself into.." How fresh can they actually keep their food with no customers helping to cycle it out of storage? The ribs were overcooked and tough like rubber, the pulled pork bland and mushy, the links were beyond charred to the point of it crumbling in my mouth leaving a horrible ashy taste. Now to the sides greens are saturated in salt, okra taste pre made well in advance and the Mac n cheese just didn't excite me.

This place isn't all bad though, our server was a younger guy, very cool to talk to and always was helpful and courteous. I'm not that disappointed since I used this deal, but I highly doubt we will be back. Sad but looks like this place is on their last leg, maybe time for a new venture?
The Ribs are amazing. This is one of my favorite rib places. I've eaten in, gotten orders to go & catering. All were excellent.
Wow this place is really good. Very clise to perfect and to top it off everyone there is so nice. Can't wait to come back and eat more of their ribs and mac n cheese. A must go I give it two thumbs up.
Went today to order wings and fries for 8.99 (12 wings and about 10 little fries) 
over cooked dried out nasty food....the fries weren't even a handful. I tried to chat up a confo and be cool.but that lady at the counter has NO Customer Service Skills at all. The cooks suck. and I just took my money back,and never ever will be back. At first I thought okay word of mouth is everything,but after paying,and receiving my food with a no smile attitude woman forget it!!!!
I hope you go down!!!!
Everything was good. Good food, good customer service, reasonable prices. The owner was out and about greeting folks. And was more then happy to fulfill my request for a sunrise (Kool Aid with lemonade). The ribs, Mac and cheese, greens, and candy yams were delicious. Although we are from California. We will return when we are in town. Thank you.
This place has amazing food!!! They also cater all sorts of events and will customize the menu per your request and desires. It's truly a one stop shop. Do yourself a favor and allow them to cater your next event, you won't be sorry!!!!! Thanks guys for always going above and beyond and doing a wonderful job for me!!!!
Amazing food and the owner is a great guy!
We came here after getting a deal on Groupon. I was intrigued because I am a Louisiana native & saw that the owner is from Louisiana. We LOVE our BBQ in Louisiana. Because we wanted to try several things, we just ordered the family special to get four meats & three sides with the intention of taking home the leftovers for another meal. We choose brisket, chicken, ribs & rib tips. For sides we chose potato salad, baked beans, & fried okra. You already get French fries with the family deal. The cook came out & asked what kind of ribs we wanted & we ordered baby backs. We were there early & the potato salad wasn't ready yet, so we changed to Mac & cheese. I was also delighted to find sweet tea on the menu. We had almost a whole table of food when our order came. The rib tips were the best I have EVER had! They were meaty & a little crunchy around the edges. The ribs were superb! The chicken was smoky good. Our only complaint was that the brisket was a little chewy for our taste. All of the sides were excellent....the fried okra was to die for. The Mac & cheese was world class! Oh yeah, the potato salad was made while we were eating & the cook sent out a small container to our table. It was exactly to my taste & I am kind if picky about potato salad. I found out the owner is from Baton Rouge & I just happened to be wearing my LSU Tigers sweatshirt. :) The service was good with tea glasses being refilled. We will definitely be back! We have finally found *real* Southern BBQ in Vegas!!!
Winding down from a very busy weekend in Las Vegas and tired of buffets. We yelped Ribs and this mom and pop showed up. It was just what we were looking for. Bountiful home cooked ribs!

We were a party of 9, mostly hungry cheerleaders. We ordered the Family meal of Rib Tips, Baby back ribs and BBQ chicken with all the sides! It was tender and delicious! We also ordered a side of Beef ribs, they were the best I've ever had! Tender and not too fatty!

We'll be back next time were in vegas! A party of 6 cheerleaders, a 13 year old boy and two adults ate for under $90! Wow, good food, excellent friendly service, I'll be back.

Try the Arnold Palmer and the Dirty Water (like an Arnold Palmer, but sweetened)
OMG!!! delectible!!! bbq just melt in ur mouth! to die 4!!!  banana puddin like my nana used to make!!!
We got the catering goupon which they allowed us to use to dine in. My husband and kids thought the ribs were amazing. The sausage has a nice crunch to it's skin but there was no seasoning or sauce on them. The pulled pork was amazing!!!! The sides were terrific. We were seated quickly but after placing our initial order, which arrived quickly, it took a while for the wait staff to bring an extra fork and refill our drinks. The manager had to do that. It's a great little bbq place to go on a Sunday afternoon. Their dessert is a little high price though.
Been here a couple of times young kid is very knowledgeable food is great love the Mac and cheese and baby backs girl isn't always the happiest but still nice.
Love this place. Always come in here dying for their mac n cheese! There's this one guy at the place who shows exceeded customer service. He always checks up on us, is very nice, and serves the food with a smile! 
I personally love the beef brisket; it goes well with their BBQ sauce. My favorite, however, is the mac and cheese. Sometimes it comes out cold, but oddly, I like the mac and cheese cold because the cheesy taste pops more. I love this place I'll come back many times!
I enjoyed the BBQ here. A little charred on the edges but it was just the way I like it. 

Lots of youngsters working the store. I don't think I saw anyone older than 25 working but that is not to say that the service wasn't good. It really says a lot to the kid's credit. The owner must feel very confident to leave them all in charge. 

Everything I had was very good. Not the best I've ever had but I'm married to a man who looks at ribs and cooking them like science. Like I said. I enjoyed everything about my meal and I will be back when I'm in the mood for some Que.
HORRIBLE COSTUMER SERVICE. The owners niece did not want to except our groupon because she said the family owned business is losing money. She did not care about losing customers that were using YeLP or Groupons. She is very rude and is a LIAR. After we ordered we were very misled after until we got the bill.The staff here is unbelievable, not in a good way. Spread the word.
It's not the food. It's the attitude of the staff. Small businesses depend on neighborhood clienteles. Tc ribs do not act like a small business that appreciates their customers. It's a shame that I won't ever come back because they have lost my loyalty due to poor customer service.
Found this place on Yelp, figured we would try today after Church. Had the Pulled Pork, rib tips, potato salad and greens. Plus sweet tea, others had the pulled pork Sammie's. We loves this place, better than Famous Dave & Dickies!
We visit numerous times and I finally decided to write my review.  Atmosphere is like a small family restaurant,  low-key and relaxed.  As a family of 3 we usually do a 3 combo meal (2 orders of spare ribs and 1 order beef brisket and the 2 sides baked beans and potato salad). Never fails that the spare ribs are always soft and easily fall off the bone.  The meat is so tender and flavorful perfect for me.  My husband and son love sauce and will usually add more barbecue or hot sauce for themselves. The beef brisket is always tender and never chewy where you can't get it down. This usually fills us up,  if we have a bigger appetite we might order more beef brisket or the barbecue chicken.  Sometimes they have special sides like the dirty rice which my family love. We usually visit on Sundays for some barbecue and Ricky is always there to help take care of us.
I love it here! Right down the street from my house and it's culture rich. I can dig it. The sweet tea was amazing. I had rib tips and chicken which were both good. I admit the tips were a little dry. But overall still good the ribs however I was definitely impressed with we got half and half rack of ribs and it was super good. Definitely on my bucket list to come back :-)
Kimberly the waitress was nice and helpful when ordering as for the differences in ribs.  As for the ribs I ordered spare ribs and the baby back ribs both were good. For the sides I got fries, onion rings, potato salad, and coleslaw nothing great.  Definitely would go back again
Great dinner! Authentic comfort food and the price is right.
2 previous times, we've enjoyed our meals here.  However today, after waiting 15 minutes, someone comes to take our order.  When we start to order, she tells us 4 different meats they are out of (3 are what we wanted to order).
When we decide we will just leave, the waitress got an attitude with us!
Best Ribs in Vegas. and the red Cool aid is the bomb.
How I miss TC Rib Crib! Love the man n cheese and greens. We have yet to find any place in Northern California that is even close to this place. Next time we are in Vegas we will be stopping by.
Had all you can eat "baby back ribs" and was very disappointed in the ribs and them being very over-priced.  I have never had such lousy ribs in my life, no meat on the bone, and what little meat that was there was burnt to a crisp and dried out.  These "baby back ribs" did not even look like a normal rib would look.  I have dines at the 
Rib Crib before and it seems like the quality of their food has really gone downhill.  I will never go there again and do not recommend this place to anyone.
I was referred to TC's Rib Crib by a friend while I was on vacation in Vegas... loved every single minute in there!! I had the pulled chicken with greens and candied yams...amazing!! And for dessert, I had the best ever--Glazed doughnut bread pudding.. it was soooo good!! Everytime I'm in Vegas from here on out, I will definitely be stopping by TC's!!
Eat here with their $10 for $20 Yelp deal or $33 for $60 deal from Groupon.  Otherwise, not somewhere I'd recommend.
As soon as my boyfriend and I walked in, we noticed something missing: the smell of BBQ on the grill..
We tried the rib tips which were measly, spare ribs were very dry as if they were made in the early morning, baby back ribs were more juicy. Nothing special about the beef brisket or pulled pork. Best thing was probably the chicken links. Dry Mac and cheese. Corn bread was totally lacking any taste or moisture. I had to drown everything in their so-so BBQ sauce. Nothing special about this place. Lacked in everything a Rib joint shouldn't be lacking.
I went Saturday with my best friend and the food was very good but the service was fantastic. Fun and friendly employees. I will be going back.
The Food was  down home finger licking Good!  The service was excellent! The girls came out and greeted us immediately..  We were a group of 6 ladies on a girl's weekend trip.  We found a groupon online and decided to give it a try.   We ordered a varied of food from baby backs, fried chicken, fried Ora, sweet potato fries, spare ribs and everything was served up hot and tasty.   They even split the checks and allowed us to use our groupons each person spent less than $8 bucks and we were Fat & Happy!  It was a great deal for what we had because Soul food is usually very expensive.
Will not be returning.  My company orders from here twice a week. When we tried to use a Groupon deal, we were turned away, with attitude.  Customer service was horrible,  once the lady got off her phone to see why I was there. Will be Rolling to another place for my bbq.
I've brought several friends here.  Great BBCUE!!  Their rib meat falls off the bone and they have great tasting sides as well.  Casual atmosphere so you can wipe the barbecue from your fingers right on your shirt and fit right in.  Set off the street behind Brewski's on durango...

Worth the stop for sure.  Bring the family!
Heard of this place through Groupon- they also have Yelp deals and other discount offers available, if you're thinking of going. But I'd like to dissuade you from doing so.

For starters, service from the owner is dismal-stopped by last week to use my deal and he was arguing with another Groupon customer, loudly and unprofessionally. I wouldn't have gone back without my discount.

The meat here is of such low quality, it's embarrassing. The pulled pork was so shredded that it nearly looked ground and the only flavor came from the sauce. Ribs were mediocre, and for a place named after their ribs this is unacceptable- low quality, not particularly meaty or flavorful, and a bit too charred.

The brisket though. As a Texas girl, I know brisket about as well as I know my own grandmother. And I don't know what the hell they're serving here. Meat is not fresh and is cut so thinly that it appears to be prepackaged. Little to no flavor, this is not brisket. I was so, so disappointed.

We left more than half of our food on our plates, paid, and left. Owner was half asleep in a booth at the back of the dining room and did not address us at all, despite being the only customers and clearly having an issue with their product.

Don't go here- they don't care about their customers or their product. There's a reason they have a million discount deals up and NO customers. Barbecue sauce was tasty, but there's nothing here to put it on worth eating.
Food was overall ok. I bought the Yelp deal. I was really looking forward to eat the Mac and Cheese but it was pastey and dry texture to it. The ribs were fall off tender but cold served . But the best things we had was the beef brisket and the yams!!!! My son ate all of our corn bread muffins. Sadly the staff didn't do a good job, they decided to socialize instead of doing their jobs. Service was very slow.
Just went to TC rib crib for the first time, and didn't think about getting the voucher, oh well!!! I thought the price was reasonable, we ordered the family platter, and you get so much  food for 45 could easily feed 4-5 people maybe even six. The sweet ice tea is really sweet, and you can tell its homemade, so it tasted that much better to me. My husband liked his brisket thinly sliced so it's a matter of preference, their brisket is sliced thin.  The service staff was friendly and perfect. I probably won't come in the restaurant to eat again, but I will definitely order for pick up because all that food you really need to lay down or kick back on a couch. We tried the pork links, baby back ribs, pulled pork and BBQ brisket with sides of fried okra, macaroni and cheese, SAMs baked beans and collard greens and the meal also came with 4 corn breads which were soft and
Moist... I saw a review that said they were
Dry and I didn't think the corn muffins were dry at all, it could of been just one of
Those off  days but I felt all food was homemade.... We have a lot of left overs, and I will be getting this again and when I have family or friends over this would be great dish to bring home for some grub.. Especially for Those who like eating BBQ and BBQ sauce on there food.
I should have payed attention to all the warning signs and ran away.  In a strip mall strike one when it comes to bbq. No smoke smell whatsoever.  Strike 2. 1st plate came out fully sauced.  Strike 3. I should have been out of there.  But I had a Groupon.  Sigh

Ordered 3 meat plate with ribs, rib tips and brisket. Came out all sauced and brisket chopped. This is a good way to hide bad bbq. I asked if the sliced brisket and they tried to to tell me it was.  Please sell this to someone who is clueless not someone who had reviewed 30 plus bbq restaurants from great to awful.

Finally got my plate and was really unimpressed.  Everything was lackluster.  Rib tips sigh, ribs sigh and the pulled pork okay. It all needed the sauce.  Not good for a bbq place.  No smoke ring or Smokey flavor. I almost doubt there is a smoker on the premises.  Not sure outside of the sauce I would even call this bbq. 

The sides mac and cheese and baked beans were better than the meats but still not awesone. 

The one thing that earned this place a second star was the 1 dollar banana pudding. This is worth a stop just for dessert.  As I would never go here for any other reason.  The banana pudding itself earned this place the second star. 

I would not recommend stopping here of you like good bbq whatsoever.
I reserved a table for 20 people for a birthday dinner and TC's Rib Crib set it up on time and were great meeting the demands of our larger group. It's a lovely mom n pop business. The food was delicious including the BBQ chicken! I would recommend the family platter for a group of 4!! You get 4 meats, 3 sides, fries and cornbread. Plenty!!!

CONS:
-I would only return using the $10 for $20 YELP deal
-they were out of rib tips AND brisket!
-plastic utensils. I would have expected at least real serrated knives for cutting the meat
Overall, TC's was okay. I used the Yelp voucher, which made it okay, as the meal would not have been worth it without the voucher. My wife and I split the three-meat combo and a sandwich. It was good quality -- not the best BBQ I've ever had at a restaurant, but still good -- but definitely less food than I expected for the price. We were told that the three-meat combo alone was enough for two people, but it isn't. They were also out of brisket and rib tips by the time I arrived (6:30 PM), which meant I couldn't even get what I wanted. So...decent food, not worth the price.

The staff was friendly enough. The only point of contention arose when the Yelp voucher was presented, the terms of which did not specify one voucher per party (I was with a party of 13). The staff was nice enough to allow us to use one voucher per table (we had five tables) anyway.
Unfortunately everything was overcooked, catfish, rib tips, and baby backs. Service was good, staff is friendly. Yelp deal. I haven't been here in a while, the food was much better a few years ago
Some of the best BBQ in town for a great price. Service is always great and it is true southern comfort food. I like to take out the 2 meat deal with spare ribs, pulled pork or a 1/4 chicken, Mac & cheese and greens. The corn bread muffins and BBQ sauce are both amazing and the meal is more than enough for two to share.
Awesome! Gabby rocks!
Staff friendly and the food is down he cooking at its yummiest! 
Can't wait to try more!!!
It was good food at a good price. The inside seemed pretty clean. We will be going back. Also the staff was very friendly.
I'll get right to it. Their fried chicken is the best. It blows Lolo's out of the water!  It has a light, crisp coating, the chicken itself was juicy and well-seasoned. Per usual, I got the hot sauce bottle at the ready. But after tasting that chicken, I set it right back into the rack. It didn't need a thing.

Honestly, the chicken was better the first time I went, rather than the second time. I think the second time, they cut back on the salt. 

There was great praise for the fried catfish and the red beans. My dining companion is from New Orleans, and she raved about the red beans. She claimed they are the closest thing to the real deal that she has tasted, outside of N.O. I thought they had a slight earthy, smoky flavor to them, that I couldn't quite pinpoint (maybe sage or file?), but was quite tasty.

The cornbread was mighty fine too (IIRC, it was sweetened). Next time, I'll pass on the mac and cheese. I thought it was pretty bland -- tasted mostly of the starchy sauce, little of the cheese. The noodles were cooked to oblivion. But mac and cheese is such a subjective matter. I am sure there are many others who will love it.

The greens were really delicious. Salt, fat, sweet, and spice were all represented in just the right ratio. 

I have not tried the desserts, so I cannot comment on them. I did note that they have red velvet cake, and several soda cakes. Yum!

Atmosphere-wise, it is a comfortable little place that has live music and comedy on the weekends and evenings. The staff is super-friendly and even a little chatty.

So stop by Lil Mama's and have some chicken!
There's just something funny about a white guy and his latin boyfriend noshing on soul food in the desert. But what's not funny is how dee lish the food is here at Lil Mama's. And how fun just to say lil. Perhaps the two t's and the e at the end put them over on their sign budget. But I like it. Lil Thomas likes it. The enormous serving of fried chicken was crisp and succulent. Yes, I said succulent. How many of you have used that word today? Side of red beans and rice were faboo. Five stars to the mac and cheese and collard greens. The smothered chops were not my fave and I would try another main dish. Perhaps the catfish? Huge tumblers of sweet tea to chase down this caloric feast hit the spot. The space is sparce with vintage looking 
African American art. I noticed a performace space near the front window. The ham in me wanted to jump up there and do the Steve Martin front porch dance from The Jerk.
I'm from the south.
I found the menu choices to be limited.  The food is only okay.  
The food is definitely overpriced.

The Friday live music is nice though.
Just finished my lunch from Li'l Mama's- chicken and waffles. Stacy's and Lo-Lo's have nothing to fear. I liked the waffle, but Lo-Lo's is crispier and has a little something extra- cinnamon, maybe? I also liked the chicken- at first. It quickly became super heavy and greasy in a way that neither of the aforementioned restaurants prepares it, especially Stacy's. 

The restaurant is fairly small, with a stage at the back for live music on Fridays. I got quick and friendly service. The credit machine was down, so good thing I had some cash. 

I will probably be back once more to try the catfish and sides. There wasn't really an option for chicken and sides for their lunch specials. The sides usually make or break a soul food place for me, if their protein isn't stellar.
I went with a group of people whom had been here before and loved it I thought it was ok. We waited to be sat for a few minutes and the place was pretty empty so it started off just ok fro me. The server/owner sat us while she was talking on the phone which anywhere else would have been so not right, here it actually seemed ok! That being said the atmosphere was very laid back, like there was not a care in the world, and judging by the decore, and clutter in this place I have a feeling i am right on the money. The menu was ok, no greens? I like greens with my southern cookin. I must say the fried chicken was some of the best I have ever had. It was so crispy on the outside and moist and delicious on the inside. The waffle was good but had nothin on lolo's. The corn bread was a bit dry and the mac and cheese had good flavor but it was over cooked and mushy! I don't like the dirty taste of catfish but this was not bad, and the okra was okra. I would go back if someone else wanted to go! O the coke was flat!
my husband, our friend and myself ate at Lil Mama's yesterday and had a real pleasant experience. My husband and I both ordered the chicken and waffles and our friend got the rib plate. 
We all split an ordered of fried okra. The breading on the okra was great. Not too much breading, it was just right and seasoned well. 

The chicken and waffles plate really hit the spot. The chicken was yummy! The seasoning was so good. The waffle was decent. Not real crisp, but not too soggy. I found it to be just right.

The sweet tea was great! It was prepared just how I like it. It wasn't overly sweet at all. 

I enjoyed the hot sauce that was on the table. I'm not sure if it's a home made sauce, but it had a good taste. The smell and taste weren't pungent like most hot sauces. It wasn't loaded with vinegar. 

The service was friendly and quick. 

I'll be living closer to the old 'hood soon, so I'll be able to enjoy the food at Lil Mama's more often.
Closed
This place was excellent!  We found it on accident; I had just vetoed a caf across the street when Friend A says, "What about that place?"(In hindsight I think he was joking) My boss and I go "ok". And off we went. I'll admit that it is not much to look at, but the food more than makes up for that. 
 When we walked in It was like everyone was just kinda hanging out, a nice lady it what looked like a pair of house slippers looked up  from her conversation with a patron at the bar and told us to just sit wherever we wanted.  About 30 seconds or so later someone appeared out of thin air and took our drink order. When we hesitated he began listing off all the drinks they had. I was about to settle when he said the magic word "kool-aid" and to top it off it was red flavored.  We took a minute to peruse the menu it made my tummy happy just looking at it. They are one of two places that I have found that has grits that are worth a damn. Other items included fried okra, catfish, fried chicken, meatloaf, liver and onions, red snapper, chitterlings, and a host of other southern classic.  
 I had catfish Mac and cheese and yams. The yams were sweet and juicy but not soggy.  The Mac and cheese had real cheese in it and the catfish was some of the best I have ever had.  Friend L had the liver and onions and friend A had fried chicken. We never agree on anything when it comes to lunch but we agreed that this place was solid.   A word of warning there is a 20 min delay on anything fried and you are going to be hard pressed to get out of here in a hour if you come for lunch. Other than that this place was great.
Passing by M & M Soul Food Cafe, it can easily be missed.  Good thing the BF and I have an eye out for food places all the time 'cuz we're always hungry.  From the outside, there's not much to look out.  It occupies a corner spot and after walking in, you can see tables lined up past the counter to the back.

We were told to take a seat anywhere we liked and after sliding into our booth, menus were brought over.  The waitress came by to ask if she could get us beverages and you gotta get Sweet Tea ($1.50)!  (Yum! Yum!)  

Perusing through the menu, we decided to split an order since dinner was happening in a couple of hours.  We opted for the whole order of Shorts Ribs with gravy ($17.99), which is "slowly cooked beef ribs, seasoned to perfection with gravy or BBQ."  The whole orders come with three sides and our choice was the collared greens, macaroni and cheese, and fried okra.  (Check out the picture!)  A half order was available for $12.99, but  I'm not sure how many sides you get with the half orders.

The wait wasn't too long for our order to come, despite the warning on the menu saying there's a 20 minute wait for fried items.

The short ribs were tender and came off the bone easily.  It was flavorful and went well with the gravy.  The macaroni and cheese was a bit bland for my tastes though, but the collared greens fared a bit better.  The BF said they could have cooked the greens a bit longer for what he likes.  We especially liked the fried okra though.  It was my first time having that and we wished we had two orders of it instead.  

Other sides available included yams, black eyed peas, red beans and rice, potato salad, corn bread dressing, cabbage, string beans, and rice and gravy.  Entrees included oxtail, catfish, chitterlings, gumbo, meatloaf, fried chicken, and liver and onions.  Dessert choices were peach cobbler, sweet potato pie, and banana pudding.  

Service was good.  The waitress refilled our sweet tea before we had to ask and before we were even done with our first glass.  We definitely appreciate that.  She also brought out an extra plate for us so we could share our entree.  And she asked if we wanted any dessert before giving us the bill too.

Overall, the sweet tea, ribs, and fried okra were good.  The other sides were just okay.  We felt that it was a bit pricey for what we got, and both expected a larger platter of ribs.  We wouldn't mind going back to try out what else they had to offer.

Sidenote: I'm not sure if it's intimidating or not seeing this very tall man  wiping down tables as his gun and badge bounce off his hip.     

There's an 18% gratuity added for parties of six or more.

Update! 03/14/08 - The BF was craving their short ribs, so we ordered them up again.  This time they were  A  LOT more generous with their portions!  (It makes me wonder if we got shafted the last time - check it out and compare the pictures yourself!)  I wish we remembered not to get the mac n cheese, but we got black-eyed peas and fried okra this time too.

I went for the Small Seafood Gumbo which had crab (hard to eat), chunky sausage, chicken, okra, and rice.  It's pretty generous for a small portion, but there's not all that much seafood in it.  It's super gooey from all the okra 'stuff' though.  

This time we got complimentary cornbread pancakes, two each and a side of butter.  What a nice treat while you peruse the menu.  Their sweet tea tasted a bit different than before, did they change the recipe?  Overall, a better experience than the last.  I'll up it to a 3.5 from a 3 now.
Weird thing happened to me. I was driving and there was this car accident on Charleston. People who know me understand how I get when it's car accidents...I get antsy. Plus I was thinkin of food. Mmmm salad. Something light you know. But I did smell fried food.....So while I was waiting for cars to hurry at 2 mph just to get past me I noticed this M & M Soul Food. Now I remember M & M from LA and I wondered if it was the same thing. I got retarded and drove over the median and pulled into the parking lot. Sure. It's 10:30am. I'm thinkin granola and my fat ass is getting soul food! Walking into this establishment - well it's no 4 star restaurant. It reminded me kinda like a truck stop place....Kool Aid 2.00 WTF? Well we gotta keep the Kool Aid man in Bling! 
I saw a sign. Oxtail.....then I saw another......Chicken wings and waffles. I wanted the oxtail. The savoring of oxtail - stewed for hours, falling off the bone goodness of melting meat....
(music stops) Oxtail won't be done for another hour....NOOOOoooo Christmas is ruined again.
What about pork chops? Smothered or fried. Holy crap....decisions...I ended with fried with mac and cheese and red beans and rice. Definitely some of the best fried pork chops I've ever had - with hot sauce....Mmmm It was crispy and juicy, full of flavor.
What? You think that's it? HELL NAH! I had chicken and waffles. MMMMmmm Damn not as great as Roscoe's but hell it was GOOD!
I definitely am coming back for everything else on the menu. It was just way too hot to eat some of this stuff.....Wow...Thinking about it now...
I'd like a salad.
I must start by saying that I am one who is prone to wandering. A former GF would say nosy, but I prefer to think I'm observant. At any rate, I am driving down the street (wandering after my trip to WalMart) and see a rather unremarkble place with a red sign-- M&M Soul Food. 

Now I'm driving a full size dually pickup with CA plates, so I'm not about to drive over the median like Myke R. So as I'm driving around the block, I'm thinking that it's a bit early for dinner and maybe I should keep driving. But I live in LA, so when will I have another opportunity? Indeed.  

As I walk through the door, I am welcomed by a man who I think is a patron sitting at the counter. He invites me to have a seat anywhere. Odd, but still, I'm thinking "what a great place where patrons welcome each other..." Further observation leads me to believe that he may be the manager but I'm not sure. Sittling beside him is the armed gentleman that Teri C. mentioned. Being a gun guy, I recognize the make and model of his pistol; what I find odd is that he's wearing a red and blue muscle shirt and baggy pants. WTF-- that's no security uniform I've ever heard of. Odd, but not intimidating.

So I order a fried pork chop (half order-- it's a bit early for my dinner, remember) with mac & cheese and red beans & rice and a sweet tea. My waitress brought me a couple of corn bread pancakes, sort of like hushpuppies that got smashed. My pork chop comes rather quickly, definitely less than 20 minutes mentioned. I've never had fried pork chops like this, and it was good! Nice flavor, cooked through, yet still juicy. 

The red beans & rice were unremarkable, but is that a bad thing? I like red beans & rice and I liked them here. Mac & cheese is a different story. People can be very particular about mac & cheese-- cheese was good but mac was too mushy for me. 

Since this was not really a dinner, I didn't order a dessert. I'm intrigued enough to come back to try the ox tails, short ribs, sweet potato pie and banana pudding!
Large portions!
Friendly  and fast service!
Soul food done right!
Ghetto fabulous but in a good way!
You will want to take a nap when you're done!
Your belly will be "fat happy!"
My last visit to M&M was the worst dining experience I've ever had. Our booth table was sticky and gritty on top and riddled with old dried gum on the underside.  The water that was brought to us was cloudy.

Worst of all was an area in the back of their dining room that is set off for preparing drinks and such. Usually it seems it's behind a partition, like an office cubicle. But on this day the wall was missing and several large, damp, smelly, uncovered trash cans were brought out and set down. In the middle of the floor. Of the dining area. Where people were eating.

Then our booth seating started to come apart. I'm not making this up, it came unattached in the corner curve of the seat and started to slide out while we were sitting in it.

Our food, when it was brought out, was the restaurant's usual quality. I used to love their water cakes most of all - cornbread served as pancakes. But by this time we didn't want to stay and eat it.

Later that day I found them listed in recent Restaurant Reports in the good old Review-Journal. The most recent one found M&M's with only a few demerits and upgraded to an A. The original report a few weeks before that had so many demerits they were two points shy of immediate closure. I'm certain that if the inspector had showed up on the day I was there, they would've been shut down right away.

If I could give a zero star review, I would.
With a city like Las Vegas with all the flashing lights and glamor and food prepared by a guy who's name you cant begin to pronounce it's very simple to overlook a place like this.

FIVE FRIGGIN STARS
If it wasn't for other Yelpers i never would have came across this place. 

The place is nice very clean very casual diner type environment. 
The food is a bit pricey but that's because portions are HUGE and the fact they offer half orders is awesome.
This isnt fast food so dont expect to be in and out in a heart beat they actually take time to COOK your food not just heat it up.

Ox Tail - Very nicely cooked lots of tendon and VERY tender WIN
Fried Chicken - Came out hot fresh, tastes great WIN
Wings n Waffles - This is my new breakfast, something about the home made waffles makes it lighter and crispier EPIC WIN
Short Ribs - Had them with the BBQ sauce gotta try gravy next time VERY tender WIN
Fried Okra - Something about it is just pure WIN
Mac and Cheese - Again something about it makes it WIN

The only Fail is we asked for water a few times and it never came, so if you're gonna want something later on in the meal order it as your ordering your food

Overall - EPIC WIN
We still remember the great dinner we had at M&M's when they were located on Jones and Harmon.  My wife ordered fried chicken and it was hugh (capon?) and good.  It was crispy on the outside, warm and moist on the inside.  She couldn't finish it all.  She now orders just a couple fried chicken wings for lunch ($1.50 each) at their relocated Charleston location.  Very good cornbread pancakes are brought to you when you are seated.  If you ask they will give you 2 more no charge.  We will definitely return to try other entrees.  Good collard greens and blackeye peas as sides.  Diner atmosphere.
I am going to go w/ 3.5 on this one but closer to 3 than 4.  I definitely dug the atmosphere.  Staff was nice enough and the cornbread pancake was a nice way to start the meal.  But it just came down to the chicken itself for me.  It just didn't blow me away at all.  I know it'll probably come off as insane but I think KFC has better and more reasonably priced chicken than here.  This also is nothing compared to Roscoe's or other soul food places I've been to.    

Don't get me wrong..it wasn't bad..just average for me.
I ate at the M&M Soul Food Cafe TWICE today.  I'm almost embarrassed to say that I tried all of the following.  For breakfast, I tried fried chicken wings, waffles, scrambled eggs, and home fried potatoes.  For dinner, I had the beef ribs, ox tails, greens, black eyed peas, corn bread pancakes, and macaroni and cheese.  I also had one of my wife's pieces of smothered fried chicken.  I believe that all of this gives me enough information to provide a comprehensive opinion on the restaurant.

This was simply the best restaurant that I've eaten at.  I should not have eaten as much as I did but I just couldn't help myself!  I just kept eating and eating.  This is the kind of food my mother used to make but doesn't anymore because it would take days!  Well, she never did fry chicken for breakfast to go with waffles.  The chicken was served on bones like chicken is supposed to be and the you've just not lived until you've slurped on some ox tails in public.  The breakfast potatoes were to die for as they were nicely browned and well seasoned.

Although I didn't try it, my wife enjoyed her turkey sausage and didn't mind going back for a second time in the same day.  The beef ribs are cross cut like riblets and offered with BBQ sauce or gravy.

I want to go back again because these were stupid huge plates of food and I simply didn't have room for any dessert (banana pudding, peach cobbler, chocolate cake, yellow cake, sweet potato pie).

The owners enjoyed watching someone who really enjoyed their cooking throwing it down.  If you're visiting Las Vegas, this is worth the short drive away from the Strip.
Good down-home southern cooking. Period. God Loves Mississippi Mary. You will too.
This is one of my favorite places for soul food. Whenever I am in Vegas I try and make it a point to make it out there. The short ribs with bbq sauce is my favorite. The staff is very friendly. I would recommend this place to anyone.
We were craving soul food when we were out in Vegas and a local recommended us here and it was GREAT!!! The ribs were finger licking good, ox tail w/ gravy is delicious, and the sides were fabulous.  We didn't get a chance to try the chicken because they fry it when you order it. The waitress said it would've taken about 20 minutes to cook and it was almost closing time so we had to pass.  We'll definitely come back when we're in town and by far one of the best soul food joints i've been too...
First, a disclaimer: this review is PURELY for the chicken and waffles. 

DELICIOUS!

Look. I first tried it on a Saturday morning. The waffles come out, two of them, unusual in that the mold they use is not the standard "round" one but more of a hotdog bun shape- and light, tender and fluffy, piping hot. 

The chicken... it was three massive wings piping hot. When we bit into them they fair EXPLODED with juiciness and chicken deliciousness. Crisp on the outside, teeming with seasonings and flavor, and it was just all done SO well. 

Reason I felt I had to put a review out there was that I finally got to try Roscoe's- not in LA but in Long Beach. Same chain though, right? I was ready for them to blow M&M's away due to all the hype, but was I disappointed. There was no comparing the wings (sadly small and a little dry) compared to the wings at M&M's. Well seasoned, but dry. Waffles were the standard round shape and had a charming cinnamon aspect to them. They were delicious, but the difference in quality of fried chicken really brought M&M's forward in the race. 

The verdict? I'm just glad we in Las Vegas can enjoy TRULY delicious Chicken and Waffles.. without having to venture outside Sin City :)
No doubt that the food is great and the portions are large.  As busy as they are, they still manage to be very polite and the overall atmosphere is nice.  They should use some of the profits to update the dining area.  The padded benches are so old and worn out that you tend to sink when you sit on them.  That is why they get 4 stars instead of 5.
-------------------

Ok, they updated the furniture so I have to change my review from 4 stars to 5 stars  Again, the food is 2nd to none.  EllaEms run a close 2nd place, but I have to admit that M&M's is the best as far as taste.  I hope M&M don't move to a more upscale location.  I love the hole in the wall feel.

Nice touch that the owner is always around.  He greets and checks on the customers.  He waits on them too.  He is a young man which is nice to see these days.
Just finished my meal here at M&M.  Solid, authentic and simply comforting food.  The free corn bread pankcake was fluffy and buttery.  Juicy fried dark meat chicken with gravy is to die for, pairing with yam and waffle is heavenly!  Great price, big portion, friendly service, and one of the best soul food I ever had.  We will make this a regular stop whenever we come back to Vegas!
First, everone who works here are the nicest group of people. My husband an I shared a full order of fried chicken and ribs. With each full order you get three sides which were all amazing! 
If you're looking for great soul food, this is the place.
We will be coming back!
Service fantastic! Food excellent! Unfortunately, they did not have the corn bread pancakes ready in the morning. I think it's usually a lunch thing so if you go and try it, review so I can hear about it.. Since I won't be in Vegas anytime soon. :o/

PS. The best thing they had was the grilled biscuits. Freakin' heaven on a plate!!
Meal started with cornbread pancakes -  very good - tender, crispy on the edges, with that great conrmeal texture.

Ordered the full order of fried chicken - freshly made, excellent preparation - hot, crispy and great flavor.  Had the mac and cheese, red beans and rice and fried okra - all good, mac and cheese and red beans were authentic southern style and particularly good.

Also had a half order of the short ribs in BBQ - tender and well prepared, very good.

All in all a great southern style soul food meal - high quality and definitely had that homemade quality to it - recipes tasted like family home cooking.

Breakfast menu looked very interesting as well - may go back and give it a shot.

This place is very diner in style and decor - a bit run down but reasonably clean - perfectly appropriate for the type of food and price point.  Service was good and wait staff was very friendly.

Recommended for soul food and family dining.
we went to m &m's because of the reviews we saw, and i am pleased to say it was the TITS!  They have koolaid!! but i got the sweet tea, yummy!  my grofriend got the fried chicken half order with red beans and rice and mac and cheese.  and i got the BBQ chicken half order with okra and potato salad.  Her fired chicken was good but the red beans and rice were kinda blah (meaning just ok.)  the BBQ chicken was falling off the bone good! and the okra was awesome.

in summary we recommend getting the half orders because its just too much freakin food!  

p.s. it was alot cleaner than i thought it would be.  its in a grody looking strip mall.
One of my buddies took me here Monday and I was impressed with the service and grub. My menu selection was the smothered chicken with sides of mac & cheese and rice & gravy. The muddy water (lemonade and iced tea) was also quenching. Oh yeah, how can I forget the tasty cornbread!
If for some strange reason, you're a fried chicken virgin (shock!)...or you think KFC is benchmarkable (horrors!)...then may I gently suggest that you step up your soulfood game...if you're worthy, that is.

M&M isn't just fine, it's larapin fine. (look it up, Yankee...)

Their fried chicken - with shingles of shatteringly crispy chicken skin goodness and perfectly seasoned meat -- brings a tear to my eye without fail.  

Their lagniappe of cornbread pancakes are bonafide brilliance, not to mention bottomless and complimentary...

Of all their sides, I've only had their macaroni & cheese and greens (sort of a Southern yen & yang sensibility).  While not definitive, the m&c serves its purpose if only to catch the crispity crumbles that fall off while inhaling their incredible chicken.

Note to self:  I find their sweet tea, tooth-achingly sweet, so I ask for it half & half -- and it's perfect. 

I've never even made it to dessert, despite the fact that I keep swearing to myself I'll save room for it -- but damn, why, when there just can't be anything better than that cornbread... 

And one day, perhaps I'll order something beyond my chicken/m&c/greens lunch combo -- but I doubt it...

Oh and if you ever spent any time in NYC, and thought that delis where staff are surly and horrible was funny or unique...um, it isn't, it's rude and to us Southerners, sheer insanity and totally puzzling.   Go to M&M for a lesson (or to be kinder, I'll assume, all you need is a refresher course...)on genuine, kind, true Southern hospitality, because this, people, is how to take care of your customers.  

And if you're Southern, and wondering if there is anything real in Las Vegas (or Henderson - cough cough Kathy's...), because you're starved for real food, real service, and a little bit of home, RUN to M&M...tell Tim the Arkansas girl sent ya...
i love there cornbread pancake! MMM
i had the smothered fried chicken with green bean and fried okra. i didn't really liked the green been but fried okra and chicken was MMM good. i also got the peach cobbler...that was really really sweet. i could almost taste grains of sugar on my palette. the food took a while... but it did say on the menu there can be up to 20 min wait for any fried food. our waitress was a sweetheart i'm gonna be back here SOON
On a recent trip to Las Vegas, some friends wanted to try this place. It was further backed up by the valet at our hotel saying, "M & M Soul Food had the best 'greens EVER." AND then our car driver to the location also verified this place by saying, "The chicken wings and waffles are the best he's ever had."

So, along we went. our driver was good enough to give us his cell number to get a ride back to our hotel. M & M is a bit out of the way for hotel tourists. It's about 1 to 1-1/2 miles further west than the Outdoor Premium outlets on W. Charleston Blvd.

There were four of us and we tried the fried chicken (Dark and White meat), and Ox Tail, we also had a side of Pork Chops (one fried and one with gravy) and the waffles.

Each full order (around $13) comes with your choice of 3-sides. The half orders (around $10) come with 2-sides. I can't remember all the choices of sides, but some are: red beans and rice, collard greens, string beans, yams, mac and cheese, fried okra rice and gravy...  We tried almost all the sides and the Greens are very very tasty, but all the other sides were good too...

You can get the Wings and waffles all day long, but breakfast is only served till 11:00 am, so if you want eggs and grits, you gotta come early.

Oh, and their version of the Arnold Palmer is called, "Muddy water"... just a hint.

Enjoy and happy eating!
Wow! It's been a while since southern food has blown me away! I'm excited I can add m&m to my repetoire of guaranteed good eats for this reason: $6.99 for two pieces of dark fried chicken and two sides! That's a REAL special. 

The fried chicken is very good, nice and crispy, with an excellent crunchy fried taste and juicy chicken underneath. I do wish there was a little more flavor to the actual chicken itself, maybe some spices?But what do I know about fried chicken I'm just some half European/Californian broad!

As my sides I ordered the fried okra which was the best fried okra I've ever had, and the mac and cheese. Mac was good, a typical southern style mac with soft noodles and creamy cheese sauce. 

Service is good, the food does take some time to come out, but it's cooked with love so it's ok to wait!
Most people spend around 7 bucks to eat junk food for lunch-pretty awesome to find a place that gives you soul food for the same price!
OMG.. I can not believe that I did not do a review on this place any sooner. I went a few months ago with my aunt. LOVED IT. I had a 2 piece dark chicken meal that came with sweet potatoes, macaroni and cheese, greens, and some cornbread. I also had their lemonade. OMG.. I thought I was in heaven once again. I love adding hot sauce to some greens.. Their greens were DELICIOUS along with the mac & cheese and the cornbread. The lemonade was the sweetest lemonade that I have ever tasted!! Believe it or not, we went during the meal times when it was $5. I give M&M two thumbs up and Highly recommend it to everyone!
Friendly finger burnin' good.  Tim, Owner, runs a tight ship crewed by friendly and considerate people, especially Malika.  The reason I call the food finger burnin' good is that I was literally burning my fingertips in between bites of what is the best friend chicken I've ever eaten because I couldn't wait for it to cool down.  

When living in LA, I went to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles on Pico (http://www.yelp.com/biz/roscoes-house-of-chicken-and-waffles-los-angeles).  This place is much better.  Even went back again a second time with the wife on our weekend in Vegas.  Skip the overblown buffets and eat something real!
This place was amazing! We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door, the server was fast and super friendly, and the food was amazing! The gravy on the smothered chicken was bomb and the mac and cheese was ridiculously Delicious! Only $14 for fried chicken, 3 sides, and corn cakes! Next time: breakfast
If you're a Vegas native (such as myself) you know of M & M's. Its known around town as the best soul food cafe hands down. Since this is the only SF cafe I have ever been to, I can neither confirm nor deny that remark. But I will say that M's is a 'no bull' kind of establishment where the food talks and that's that. The place it self is nothing to write home about. It's located in the corner of a small run down shopping center, and since its in the less than desirable side of town, one may never think to stop by. But the food is a completely different story. Everything is hearty and delicious! The gravy is just Yum! the chicken is BETTER than any fried chicken my mom ever made, and the corn bread pancakes are a great lil surprise! The portions are pretty good, the prices are steeper (is that a word?) than expected but the food is soooo worth it!
My dad's version of soul food is much better. This was ok but kind of a sad excuse for soul food. Im sure the soul food down south ia much better. I didnt enjoy the greens the yams or the corn bread and what is a soul food meal without those 3 things...nothing! sad to say I wont be going back.
In Search of soul food, we checked this place out. We've been to Kathy's a few times and were looking for other options. Kathy's does"Louisiana" style and M&M does"Mississippi" style...Lotta similarities, not too many differences.

We ordered the Fried Chicken and BBQ Shortribs. We had mac and cheese, potato salad, yams, stuffing, and fried okra for our sides.

As with Kathy's, the fried chicken alone takes 20 minutes, so these corn cakes couldn't have come at a better time. We got some punch and a muddy water, AKA Arnold Palmer(Lemonade/ice tea blend) to go with our corncakes. These were so addicting, I could have scarfed down four or five more, but we waited patiently for our Southern feast to arrive.

The Chicken was crisp and juicy, but a little on the salty side from possibly being over seasoned, the sides were okay, but not great, something was missing. Our BBQ Ribs had more bones, fat, and sauce, than actual meat.(Check my Pix)

for dessert, we tried the banana pudding with nilla wafers, and the sweet potato pie. again, good, but not great.

overall, an okay experience, but not good enough to "make me wanna slap my momma!" ...ALOHA!!!
Love love love it! I always eat off the strip when coming to Vegas   Fried chicken, red beans n rice, yams, banana pudding. U crave it? Go get it!!
The service here was fantastic.  I've never had someone pay such attention to detail when helping me package my leftovers (brought me new, sealed syrup; a "to-go" cup for my drink; extra napkins...).  Of course I had to have the chicken and waffles for my first visit.  The chicken was great: fresh, flakey, & well-seasoned.  The waffles were crisp on the outside, moist on the inside, and tasted of cinnamon.  Yum.  They play fun music, too.  Great place.

Only downside was the unsweetened iced tea had a bit of a coffee flavor to me, and I don't like coffee (but they do have Splenda.  Nice.).
I'm notorious for always trying new things but when I come here I turn into an old hag and order the usual - the 2 piece fried chicken with 2 sides lunch special. 

I start out with the complimentary corn bread cakes - very tasty. Ask for extras as they do oblige.

Next wash it off with some ice cold koolaid bc I don't play. 

Out comes the crispy,juicy, moist chicken with my cabbage and collard greens. 

I tear this Shiz up all the time. As David Alan Griers dad says in Boomerang, from the rooter to the tooter!

Side note- I did try the gumbo once and although the portion is huge, it didn't represent the Nawlins style
Had the half order of fried chicken with dark meat and came away satisfied.  It came with thigh, drumstick, and two sides.  The fried chicken was golden and crispy, and for the two sides, I had greens and rice with gravy.  The greens were only marginally not as awesome as catfish alley, and the rice was tastier than expected.  The cornbread cakes were delicious, hotcake-shaped, crispy on the outside, sweet and fluffy on the inside.  Only $11 for the honor.
The restaurant is very homey feeling. A nice place to eat. We ordered a full snapper with mac & cheese, green beans and yams and a half mixed fried chicken with rice & beans and yams. The mini cornbread pancakes are definitely a tasty treat.

The snapper was good. Crunchy cornmeal shell with piping hot insides. The yam side dishes were delicious. Overall a satisfying meal.

Service was very friendly and quick.

Prices were higher than I expected them to be.
I'm from southern Louisiana, on the Pearl River.  My daddy was from Logtown and Pearlington.   I got the cred.  I really liked the staff here.  They were friendly and efficient--A+;

The little freebie cornmeal pancakes were outstanding--A+;

The fried chicken:  GREASY;  doesn't deserve the term Southern. I've found better all OVER the USA--C;

The cornbread stuffing:  AWFUL; AWFUL.  Have they ever heard of Zatarain's?  That commercial mix, served raw, would be better than what they served--F.

The potato salad:  Potatoes mostly mashed, with some mayonnaise and a little mustard--F-.  

The red beans and rice:  Beans were properly soaked and tender.  The rice was indifferent.  The seasoning was absent--D;

The lemonade was good--A.
I was raving about this place to my coworkers all week after reading the reviews, so we finally decided to go! So excited! Met up there about 10:15a. Little did I know they ONLY served breakfast until 11a. I was hoping to get the oxtail thing, but after a long debate, I settled with wings and waffles. My coworkers had gotten there before me and had already ordered. 10 minutes later, I put my order in. Got the muddy water. Mmmm, sweet and tangy goodness.

The food ended up taking about 30-40 minutes. How horrible. There seemed to be 1 server for the whole place and 1 busser, and 1 cook. The server was impressive though, carrying 5 plates of food all on one hand. Other than that, I guess you can't expect great service.

But the important thing was the food! I actually got a side of pancakes also. And they came out first, before anyone's food. And they were yummy. There was a vanilla cinnamon flavor to them. And the waffles were probably the same batter which were delicious as well. When the wings and waffles finally did arrive, nice and hot, I was famished. The waffles were great, very soft and moist with a great flavor and the wings were cooked well and seasoned well. The hot sauce was great.

So overall, 4 stars for their food, 2 stars for service and atmosphere. Comes out to 3 stars. (Yay I can do math!)

Oh BTW, their music/speakers... funky stuff. As we were waiting for the food, we noticed that the music kept stopping. Like in a dance where they pause so you can change partners. Or maybe someone trying to practice DJ-ing. Either way, not very cool. At first it was fun to joke about, then it just got annoying.
I like this place. The atmosphere - well there honestly wasn't much of that but everything else was excellent. The food was hot and cooked to order, the waitstaff was awesome, and the wait-time for food wasn't bad at all - especially considering they cook to order. The cook even came out and asked if I'd like him to grill onions for me with my meal. Hospitality is obviously an element they are not lacking! It was nice. Everyone was smiling and social and just plain pleasant. What they don't have in dcor or atmosphere they make up in character and hospitality. 

Be warned - this is not a date night type of place. It's a pick-it-up-to-go type of place!
Nice casual sit down. Food that definitely fills your stomach. Great service as well. Recommend to anyone for some soul food.
My goodness greasy, burn yo finger chicken. 

These are the kinds of places I miss from LA. Over there, the food was proper and the hospitality is abundant....it's been a long time, but frankly my broken ass self can't add hypertension to the list of issues so it's a real treat to get some Southern comfort. 

I'm with everyone that the cornbread pancakes are love. I've had these once as a cornbread pigs in a blanket in a southern mommas home. These were better. It's nothing crazy creative, but it's simple goodness comfort at it's finest. 

I had a white meat fried chicken plate with red beans and rice and collard greens. The chicken was juicy and I think the seasoning was good...slightly more salty than I normally like, but I'm not big on salt. Once I dipped in a side of gravy and hot sauce though, it was all good. Muddy water to wash it down was perfect. Red beans and rice is basic and decent, collard greens were decent. 

BF got the chicken and waffles. The waffles were interesting since they were shaped like a hot dog bun and the batter was a cinnamon batter. We thought the waffle was good alone, but that the sweet waffle got a bit too much after a while. I prefer plain waffles with chicken. I want to get these waffles for breakfast though.

We brought the BF's mom and grandma and they had a chicken plate and meatloaf. Both were very happy with it and it got the approval that they said there will be a "next time". The BF would like to say that he feels this is the best chicken he's had and that he wants the 5 star bump. Both his mom and he would like to add that neither are fried chicken people, but enjoyed it enough that they'd both want the chicken again. 

I'm saying this is good, solid fare, but it's not the absolute best Mississippi cooking I've had.....but I'd have to fly out to go get to my favorite food spot though. I felt the food after, but that isn't their fault my busted self indulged in fatty chicken and salts. Worth it though- drinking plenty of water to flush it out. 4 stars for the food.

With me, the 5 star bump is definitely because of the staff. We walked in and the owner greeted us enthusiastically. Our server was sweet and our service was attentive. Our server even offered to pull me up a to-go muddy water since everyone was finished with foods, but I was still thirsty and took just a gulp to finish it off.  When our plates came except the BF's, the owner noticed and went up to the window to check up on the kitchen and promptly brought out his order. Gotta appreciate an owner who has a hand in the smooth operation. And speaking of the line, it's crazy how they kick it old school without any tickets and call out the order- the kitchen doesn't mess up orders much either. Food never sits longer than a few seconds on the pass so food is hot and fresh for everyone. Sure, it takes a while to get some foods, but it was busy and everything is fried up fresh. I'd be worried if it didn't take a moment to make since everything should be fresh....I think we're so used to fast foods that most people might think it's a long wait. 

Won't slap our mommas, but we'll bring em back!
I wish we were allowed to put half stars because I don't want to give them a 3 because they are better than that, but not quite a 4, but I'll go with that for now.  Finally had a chance to try it out and the vibe was really cool in there...I felt like I was thrown back into the 70's in DC eating at a place on North Capitol Street or Florida Ave....very cool!  

We were greeted by a very nice waitress and given our plates of corn cakes...which kept coming out as soon as we finished them.  I ordered the baked chicken with stuffing and string beans.  My one big disappointment was the beans tasting like they came out of a can.  My seatmates ordered ox tails, smothered fried chicken and catfish.  They each ordered the mac and cheese but said it wasn't that great.  I don't know for sure because I don't dig that stuff myself, but it's interesting that all three said they didn't care for it.

I'd like to go back for breakfast and would be willing to try for lunch again.  As I said, 4? No.  3? No, but solid 3.5.
I had the short ribs in gravy, yams , mac n cheese and cornbread dressing as my sides . We also had the red beans and rice w sausage. Tender ribs , nice gravy , really good yams .cornbread stuffing good. The corn cakes they serve , different are tasty.
     Tasted my wifes fried okra very good seasoned well,waitress forgot about the okra and delivered after my wife ate her food,normally We would have  said forget and leave, but the wife was craving fried okra, that's y we came here,our first choice  catfish alley was closed. I'm thinking of deducting another star as I sit and wait for my ck. Yes I'm writing my review as I sit and wait and wait....... service here sucks.  If u come don't b in a rush cause service is in no rush, too bad food is really good.
Tonight I was in the mood for fried okra, I hadn't had any in a while and so I mentioned my craving to my husband, who being happy to fulfill my wishes began searching for a place that offered it.  Our first choice would have been Catfish Alley, but it was closed on Mondays, So he searched some more and decided that M & M Soul Food would suffice.

We had no problems finding a table; however, it was very busy with only three wait staff working.  The Cowboys was on the tube so we sat just a little bit from the TV so as to keep the game in view.  Almost immediately we got asked how we were doing and we were assured someone would be right over, but a bit of time passed before someone actually stopped to ask us about drink orders.  We placed those and again found ourselves waiting for someone to take our food order.

What seemed like awhile, our ice teas arrived, and eventually a friendly waitress stopped to ask about our order.  We began with red beans and rice, severed with corn cakes and hot link.  We made the mistake of ordering our meals at the same time; little did we know it would all arrive at about the same time.  I got the meat loaf covered with gravy, and three sides, what I asked for was of course the fried okra, mac & cheese, and collard greens.  What I got was the meat loaf, yams and collard greens, no okra. I don't know what happened to the mac & cheese.

My husband and I shared the red beans, rice and hot link and started on our meals, only to completely finish everything before the waitress returned to check on us and reassure me she would bring my fried okra.  Time passed and finally I got the fried okra, it had a nice golden color to it, was crisp and I could see it was cornmeal breaded which was how my mother always did it.  With the first bite I knew it was not going to satisfy my craving.  It was room temperature, the texture was right, but just too cold to be worth the wait.  I finished it quickly and we expected the check only to wait what seemed like forever before the waitress acknowledge us again, she did half heartedly make an attempt at an apology, stating she had all her tables on the other side and we were her only table on this side, even so, we waited another 20 minutes just to get the ckeck collected and cash out.

I didn't get my craving satisfied, so I know that we'll have to try again, maybe I'll wait for Catfish Alley?  Would I go back to M & M Soul Food?  I have to admit I would, but hopefully we'll see better service.
I went here last week with a friend.  The waitress got us started with the complimentary cornbread pancakes, which we smeared with butter.  We couldn't believe how tasty they were.  

I got a half order of the fried chicken with sides of collard greens and red beans & rice.  The chicken was well-seasoned, crispy on the outside and tender inside.  It was very delicious.  I also enjoyed the sides, but didn't think there was anything special about them.

For a beverage, I couldn't decide between the sweet tea and the lemonade, so I got the muddy water, which is a mix of the two.  That was refreshing.

I once met a guy from Tuscaloosa who raved about how much he loved banana pudding.  I never had banana pudding before, so when I saw it on the menu, I had to try it.  Now I know why that guy liked banana pudding so much.  It was insanely delicious!  

I felt the service was adequate and the diner-style atmosphere was fitting for a soul food joint.  I would definitely return to this place:  good fried chicken, yummy corn cakes, heavenly banana pudding.
Customer Service was GREAT!!! i ordered ala carte short ribs && beans and rice.. so good... the ribs had so much flavor. the cornbread pancakes was just the kick to start off a great meal. ill be coming back again
I got lost trying to find this place, it's on the West side of the I-15.  The food is good, but the waitress was sassy.  I liked the fried chicken with waffles and sweet tea. Yes, they do have Kool-Aid.
M & M was the highlight of our recent vegas vacation.  we used to live west of this place, and musta past it a billion times, never noticing it.   in any case, we wished we'd visited it sooner.  the waffles and pancakes were TO DIE FOR.  seriously...all three of us in our party agreed that they were the best we'd ever had.  and the potatoes...don't get me started, THE best potatoes I'd ever had...seriously now...amazing food.  we couldn't believe our taste buds.  but the food alone did not make this place 5 stars....the staff also made it 5 stars.  our waitress was ULTRA friendly.  The host was always refilling our drinks.  amazing attentiveness and service.  bravo.  i would suggest coming here morning, noon, and night if you live in the area, if not the entire vegas metro...its worth the drive...and don't be scared by the exterior...because the interior is the best you're gonna get.  seriously now...amazing service and food.  and the prices were DIRT cheap...incredible!
I really like this place.  I must admit...the cornbread pancakes were good but really greasy.  I also had some collard greens(LOVE), macaroni & cheese, yams (LOVE), red beans & rice, cornbread dressing (it's like stuffing) and fried okra.  Of course, we shared all of this between 4 people. We all had the fried chicken and it was very good.  I really like the seasoning and how crunchy it was.  BUT...there is a BUT...my chicken wasn't cooked all the way through.  Everyone elses was ok.  They gave me a new piece but by the time it came out I was ready for dessert.  Our waitress felt really bad so nice she gave our dessert on the house.  The hospitality, service and food was great!!!  I will definitely come back to try something different.
Great Soul Food, personal service & my favorite breakfast in town.
Reminded me of being in L.A. but better much better. When i first went to M & M there was serving hotcake for bread. Now they have corn bread and hotcake. Chicken is to run to. LOVE IT!!! so good i had to slap my momma. lol
This is my absolute favorite breakfast spot. Delicious and very reasonably price, with excellent know your name service thanks to great people like V & Stephanie.
American Southern food rarely gets better than what M&M serves.  Not everything qualifies as great, but I haven't had a bad dish yet.  The main dishes are (in my experience) always exceptional.  The fried chicken at M&M qualifies as some of the best I've had, along with the fried chicken at Hard Knox Cafe in San Francisco.

The ox tails, the liver and onions, etc. all rate far above similar dishes served almost anywhere else.  

The corn "bread" (really cornmeal pancakes) is really a treat.  The fried okra superb.  The collard greens are OK, the same with the black-eyed peas.  The macaroni and cheese is good enough, but nothing to write home about.

All in all, though, M&M deserves a five-star rating.  Not only do I recommend it, I eat there repeatedly.
My wife and I loved this place.  It's old and worn, but that adds to the charm.  Very friendly service...never ending awesome corn pancakes at no charge...they don't need butter!

Get the fried chicken...it's as good as we had ever had.  Super crispy, juicy, and great spices.  Also really enjoyed the side items, including fried okra, blackeyed peas, and red beans and rice.

The Entertainment book also has a BOGO coupon, so you can take a friend and it's half the price.  

We plan to go back to M and M Soul Food each and every time we visit Vegas.
this place is wonderful the service is great, the food is simple and great and the coffee is great i had the hotlinks breakfast with potatos and biskets mmm it is all good the biskets are hommemade.My love had the porkchops they were good.Bill for two with coffee was 20$
We received complimentary cornbread pancakes - delicious.  Each of us ordered fried chicken as an entree with me choosing dark meat and Ann white.  Mine was moist and delicious; Ann's was dry.  I enjoyed the crispy crust, Ann didn't.  Each came with a choice of 3 sides. Together we sampled macaroni and cheese (good), green beans (canned), collard greens (best I have ever had), fried okra (very good) and sweet potatoes (pretty good).  The restaurant was in process of closing for the night as we began to exit so the biggest, baddest-looking security guard I have ever seen opened the unlocked door and watched as we got safely in our car.
Fried chicken is solid, but not spectacular. Waffles are a bit soggy. Great corn cakes. Rice and beans were so so, as was mac and cheese.
The food is good here. We had the smothered chicken with collard greens, fried okra, and mac and cheese and we cleaned our plates. What is really notable about this place, though, is the service and the atmosphere. Our waitress was helpful and friendly and the restaurant has a sort of "hang out" feel to it- good music and a diner feel. As we were seated, we were given small complimentary cornmeal pancakes. They were really yummy, probably my favorite part of the meal. 

All in all, a great place to experience something new or come in for some familiar homecooking.

Pros: friendly service, authentic soul food menu

Cons: no kids menu, a bit overpriced
I ate here today for the first time. We ordered the chicken and waffles, catfish dinner, and fried chicken dinner. Everything was hot and had great flavor. Reminded me of Sunday dinner as a little girl.
Great authentic soul food. Best fried chicken I have ever tasted. I literally fought my friends over it. We all got different dishes there 3 times in a row and had to guard our food from each other. Finger licking good does not begin to cover it. Very nice service as well, hooking us up with sweet tea refills all the time. I am going to miss this place big time :(
I'm still a fan, but I have to say that something's different at my favorite Southern spot here in Vegas... and it pains me to say it. 

But the last time we went (and this was the first time I took my husband), the chicken wasn't cooked fresh - it had been sandbagged...and it was tough and stringy.  the corncakes were wonderful as always.  but everything else was off...  and this time, for the first time, we ordered dessert, the banana pudding.  it was all cookies and the two banana slices that were in it, were grey.  it was old.  and not good.  

I even asked the owner, whom I adore, if he had a new cook - and he said no - and asked why, and I couldn't bring myself to go into it with him.  But things are amiss... very very amiss... and if they continue in this direction, no amount of southern charm and wonderful service (which has not changed, by the way) will save it.   People will wait for your perfect fried chicken.  Even at lunch.  We just will.  Because it's perfect.  or at least, it used to be.  I have to go lie down...I've been putting off writing this update but I want them to get things together, so badly, so this is, in effect, my prayer.   xoxo
O...M...G...heart attacks served on plates have never attracted me very much until my arrival at M & M's. I am very fortunate that this place exists in Vegas because there are times where I really need comfort food and some southern hospitality, to make myself feel better about rotting in sin city. 

Their smothered fried chicken, green beans and mac and cheese is freakin' awesome! And while cornbread is a simple item, I've never had it prepared like pancakes before; those perfectly delicious, yellow, circular cakes are so delightful. Additional props for offering kool-aid as a beverage choice as I waver between that and sweet tea. I think while some people might be turned off by the prices of this place, I don't mind as I feel their portions and quality are worth it. 

Maybe I'm not used to the effects of soul food, but I typically have to fight off food coma. OR I get drunk off their food. No, it's not alcohol that is impairing my vision/senses/motor abilities/ability to think; it's their good food. This is the only "bad" thing I can think of, and even that won't deter me from coming back.
I am not claiming to be a soul food expert as I grew up in Montana. BUT we did live in Mississippi for 2 years and have had our fair share of awesome soul food while living there. 

We found this place on accident and were joking about eating there, until I checked Yelp on my phone and saw the great reviews. Sold. We turned around and have been hooked ever since.

The cornbread pancakes are so good and complimentary. The staff is friendly and attentive. (Even on mother's day when the place was PACKED with a line out the door. We still got drinks refilled and timely/friendly service.) I haven't ventured beyond the fried chicken but my husband has had the short ribs and said they were delicious. 

If I was on death row my last meal request would be this place's smothered fried chicken, collard greens, mac n cheese, and fried okra.
So far to me the best southern style place to eat in Las Vegas. It's nothing fancy but it's very satisfying. I got the fried catfish, greens & mac n cheese. The catfish and mac n cheese was awesome! I think the greens were Old Glory! (for people that don't know, you can by greens in a can, and Old Glory is the brand) I wasn't too fond of the greens. My husband had the fried pork chops w/ red beans and rice and greens. Again off the chain. Our other 2 friends one had smothered Chicken and the other had fried Chicken. And we were all very satisfied with our choices. I love the way they serve there drinks, in a jar! lol 
We have been here several times, we have also had there breakfast. It's pretty good too. 

The Corn Cakes are awesome! Definitely something different!
4.5 "finger lickin good" stars!

I have been preparing vegan meals these past few days and my carnivorous husband has been such a trooper trying my cooking.  Well, apparently tonight he had enough of the kale and soy protein posing as beef, and was in the mood for some good ol' soul food. 

With a raving recommendation from one of his patients- we gave M&M Soul Food Cafe a try.  The complimentary cornbread pancakes already made such a great first impression.  Being a loyal customer of the original Roscoe's House of chicken and waffles in LA, I had to try M&M's version.  I feel like such a traitor because Roscoe's has NOTHING on them.  The seasoning on the fried chicken wings was so delicious, I was actually licking my fingers after every bite.  It was perfectly seasoned and not overly salty at all.  The waffles were also fabulous. A little sweeter than I am used to, but that was OK because it just meant I didn't need the syrup. The sweet and salty combo was perfection.  I ordered a side of fried okra which were OK and the collard greens that I devoured. 

My husband ordered the smothered chicken (dark meat) and that too was delicious. He ordered sides of yams and mac n' cheese.  The sides were good too, but the chicken was definitely the star.  There is no "kids menu" but our toddler daughter ate from our plates and was licking her fingers too!

To top it off, we finished the meal with some peach cobbler and it was the perfect sweet finish to a fabulous meal.  We originally wanted to try the BBQ short ribs but they had just run out when we came in, so that just gives us an excuse to come back even sooner (after a few nights of vegan meals, of course). 

Tim, the owner, made us feel at home from the second we sat down to the second we walked out the door.  And we actually did feel like we were at home, because we were able to watch the NBA playoffs as well.
When I say I miss those hole in the wall mom and pop shops that serve the BEST food, I am defiantely talking about places like this!!!  I have to put this place at the top in terms of fried chicken and cornbread (they serve them as little pancakes)!!!  And I know I will get people saying something else is better but this is MY review and what I say goes! Haha!!!  I usually get the Fried Chicken Breast (it takes 20 min to cook and it even says that on the menu) which is the most succulent luciously mouthwater peice of chicken that I ever had the honor to put my lips around (yes, I just said that!).  Also the cornbread pancakes are sooo AWESOME!!!  I really don't know how else to put it, but I think it's because they make them in pancake form that it gives you the light, airy, crunchyness and moistness that you want from normal cornbread but that normal cornbread can't deliver (sorry normal cornbread, I still have love for you though).  And of course you have the sides which are GREAT!!!  You can't really understand it until you've tried it, so get crackin!!!!  Oh, and if you go during breakfast time make sure to try their Chicken and Waffles, all I have to say about that is they are card carrying members of what Chicken and Waffles are supposed to be!!!!!
we go here everytime we visit vegas, a matter of fact thats one of our highlights of our vegas trips, we accidentally discovered it one day while driving back to the telly from walmart, from the first visit to the last visit they all have been delicious, i always order the oxtails cause they are big, meaty and good, my wife orders different entrees each time and no complaints from her either, we just love the place! i also feel very safe eating there too cause they got "zeus" as armed security there, lol.
This place should have been great, the place had good music playing, it was clean, and the service was great. Only 1 problem the food was bad. I ordered the fried chicken with greens and yams. The waitress told me the chicken would take 20 mins too cook due to the chicken being fresh I agreed to wait. After what seemed like 5 mins out came my fried chicken dinner. I started to ask questions but the chicken looked good and was hot so I gave it a try. Well the chicken was tuff ,stringy and dripping very hot oil. The bottom line was that the Chicken wasn't freshly cooked, it had been precooked and put back into the hot oil and reheated(NASTY!) The greens had a slightly sweet taste and the yams were way too sweet for my taste.
   Overall I have to say this place should be great but the kitchen staff was more interested in the 2 young women that they were entertaining during my visit. I really hope this was not the norm for this place, everything is in place for this to be a great restaurant. It seems like this place is in need of leadership, before leaving I asked to speak with the Manager and was told the manager was gone and would be back in a few hours. 

Save your money if you want some tasty Chicken, go to the Cafe in the Winn Hotel and order the Chicken and Waffle's and make sure to ask for the spicy syrup (unreal !!!!!!).
Been wanting to come and try this place out and finally did!! Ordered the smothered pork chops!! It was the bomb!! Very nice atmosphere and the employees were super friendly!! Total southern hospitality!! Can't get no better than that!! Will be coming back soon to try out something else on the menu!!
Jammin' food made with love and soul!! Awesome customer service even the security guard made us feel at home!!!  I got the oxtails with greens, mac & cheese & yam!!! Oxtails fell right off the bones so delicious!!!  I must say I have to minus 1 star since the mac & cheese was not all that as I expected since everything else was on hit. The hubs got the fried chicken with red beans & rice, and maaan it was sooo jammin' seasoned perfect/crispy and moist inside!!  I tried my friend's Kool-Aid yes I said Kool-Aid and boy it was gooooood and I don't even drink Kool-Aid since I was a kid!!!  Great food, service what more can you ask for??
I get the impression that Southern food is like pizza and BBQ.  Everyone has a strong opinion about what the best kind is, no one seems to agree, and if you didn't grow up with that certain recipe, you aren't going to like it.

Thankfully this place cooks just like my granny used to.  I've never been to Mississippi but I feel like this place has Alabama comfort food down... or at least how my grandmother used to cook Alabama comfort food.  Fried chicken, mac and cheese, collard greens, stuffing with gravy, red beans and rice... all very good!  The cornbread... now that I've had it, I don't think I can live without it. The hospitality is amazing!  

The only thing that was not like back home was the chitterlings.  Most people have to good sense not to order chitterlings (pig intestines).  But I lack such common sense.  I'm used to them breaded and fried.  But here, they are not breaded and kind of soupy.  Not bad, but not great.  

Definitely a fan.  Definitely coming back.
I came here for lunch and it was quite busy. I sat at the counter since I was alone and didn't much time. The staff was pretty friendly and helpful. I ordered smothered pork chops and is was ummm ok... Gravy was flavorful but you can tell they just dump the gravy on the pork chops without any simmering. And the pork chop itself was cheap and thin, not what I was used to. Others have said good things about this place so I will give another try but a different dish.
Recommend the Fried Chicken and Mac n Cheese!
One of my favorite meals I had on my last trip to the city! Oxtails, sides and desserts were outstanding!  Ill be moving to town in a few months and I hope to become a regular :)
M & M is an unbelievably consistent operation, as I have never been disappointed with the service or food here in the numerous occasions I have visited so far.  I have never walked in without being greeted politely, and having my muddy water (arnold palmer) and corbread cake served up immediately.  The fried chicken is always good, and I even tried the catfish the other day, excellent.  They do run out of sides on occasion, but no big deal as they have plenty of others.  An unexpected, amazing feat of service and quality from an unassuming joint off Charleston.
I was raised on good soul food, so I look for a specific taste. Was a little apprehensive at first because no place is like home, but my husband and I gave it a shot. From the first step in the door, the customer service was great. We were greeted immediately. It was awesome to see Kool-Aid on the menu...what a great addition. My husband ordered the fried chicken dinner and I indulged in the oxtails. For a picky soul food eating girl, I was COMPLETELY satisfied. The gravy was awesome and DID NOT taste like flour or cornstarch. The chicken was fried to perfection. The sides, especially the yams were good. 

I wish I could remember the waitress name...she was so friendly and attentive. She was a lighter toned young girl with a colorful tattoo on her arm...She, solely on her customer service had us sold. Cannot forget the security guard. Great team and great food equals happy customers!!!

Now that we live in Las Vegas, we will surely be back.
So where to begin? 
My boyfriend had been to this place several times and said it was pretty good. They only serve breakfast until 11am, so a lot of the time on his days off and late nights we woke up well after this *gotta love vegas*

We visited this establishment 8/17/2011 around 10am.  We entered through the back door, the side where the salvation army is.Plenty of booths and tables open, we waited to be sat. There were two people working ,and the place wasn't crazy busy being it was a Wednesday. An older African American man and a younger African American woman with a "four leaf clover on her neck". The gentleman sat us and took our drink order. We waited about 5 mins after that to place our order. In this time around 5 Asian people came in and sat in the back corner, an African American older gentleman sat at the table behind my boyfriend alone and an older African American couple sat two booths back.  no problems thus far. The woman came over and didn't even look at either of us while she took our order. She seemed like she was irritated. At the time i didn't think anything of it. I ordered turkey sausage and eggs he ordered hot links and eggs. Simple right? 
So the 5 Asian people get their food, then the gentleman alone gets his food, then the older couple gets their food. AND WE STILL HAVE NO FOOD ON THE TABLE! ITS 10:45!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not once did anyone stop by the table and let us know if we ordered something they were out of or that our food would be out shortly.
 My boyfriend is African American and i am mixed *black and white
* *I have tan skin and light hair so most people don't know im mixed.*
I tell my boyfriend that i feel we are being discriminated against, And that i have experienced this before with my parents when i was younger. I wondered why the waitress didn't even look at us! You work for tips don't you? Arent you supposed to be nice and accommodating to your customers?!!!?!??! Its a shame that you couldn't provide proper service because you didn't appreciate the fact i was with a African American man. I could understand if one table got their food before us. But a party of 5 at one table, a party of one, and a party of two. THAT'S 8 PEOPLE THAT PLACED THEIR ORDER AFTER US! AND WE ONLY ORDERED EGGS AND SAUSAGE! THAT DOESN'T TAKE 45 MINS! 
I tell my boyfriend that i am DISGUSTED and i will not be eating anything from this place. He says he wants to ask the waitress whats going on. At this time i walk out of the place and he stays behind trying to find out whats going on.
I am in tears in the car, stomach in knots in disbelief that its almost 2012 and things like this still go on. I now appreciate my African American father and Italian Greek mother even more for the things they had to go through to be together! I never realized the society we were living in.
 I will be filing a complaint with the better business bureau today. And contacting the news to let them know about this. I had a good mind to stand on the sidewalk with a sign saying "IF YOU ARE AN INTER-RACIAL COUPLE YOUR BUSINESS ISN'T WELCOME HERE!"

I HOPE THE OWNER READS THIS AND TAKES MY COMPLAINT TO HEART. "4 LEAF CLOVER LADY AS WELL" REVERSE RACISM IS NOT RIGHT
5 stars for service!!

The girl that took our order for lunch (8/20/11) was great!!  She made us feel at home. She was very attentive, efficient and spoke to us with a smile :)  She was possibly one of the "best servers" I've ever had.

Las Vegas + Southern Comfort Food = M & M Soul Food Cafe :)
OK, I have been here before and loved the food, and my daughter adores this place as well. I was a little hesitant because there was a review posted that made me uneasy, I am Caucasian and my daughter is bi-racial. I have been in places where both she and i had been discriminated against and it is hurtful. I will say when i came in here today, i was immediately greeted by Jasmin (?) I hope I got her name right. She was so helpful and took our orders right away. I had a restaurant.com certificate and i wanted chicken and waffles (my daughter loves Roscoe's in Pasadena and I wanted her to have them here). Jasmin suggested we get the chicken and waffles and in order to utilize the value of the certificate she recommended the smothered chicken as a to-go order. The food was brought out fresh, hot and delicious. No attitude by anyone that I was aware of, if anything, they were uber attentive. She even got us our drinks to go. Nice touch. All the food (and there was a LOT) was so delicious. I will definitely be coming back more often. everyone has an "off" day and poor service and rudeness are inexcusable, but I am happy to say that M&M treated me and my daughter like family. I can't wait to try the chitterlings next time..
The waffles, OMG the waffles...what do they do to the waffles? Hands down the best waffles I have EVER had. Chicken and waffle sure ain't awful. Are those really chicken wings? I dunno, they're big enough to be turkey wings. O.K. not quite, but you get the point. The comped cornbread is also nothing short of magic. When I'm dead, I want to rest my head on a bed of their cornbread. Fried chicken, it's kickin', rib stickin', and finger lickin', on the menu it's what I'm usually pickin'. Light and crispy on the outside, well seasoned, and moist n' juicy inside. This stuff hasn't been sitting under a heat lamp. Smothered? Yes please, on the side, the gravy is groovy. Go ahead, pour a little of that hot sauce on the greens and fried okra blanketed in a light corn meal exterior. Everyone is welcomed with a friendly greeting the moment they step foot in the door. Heck the last time I was here I was greeted after I walked out of the restroom. Solid down home cooking served with a consistently friendly staff. Power 88.1 thumping at a level just high enough to add a little energy to the room, but not too loud for a conversation. Breakfast for 5 bucks, 2 piece fried chicken with 2 sides 9.99. Chicken wings and waffles were around 7.50 or so. Fresh brewed tea? Sure. Regular, and sweet tea. If you lookin' for  no frills down home cookin', stop lookin' and get bookin' to M & M.
I have driven by here everyday for the last year wanting to go in because I'm a country boy from Oklahoma and I love me some soul food! Last night a buddy and I were looking for someplace to eat and I decided this place would be great. 
I ordered the fried chicken (white meat) with sides of fried okra,red beans and rice and the mac and cheese with iced non sweet tea and my buddy got the smothered chicken with the same sides. The menu says to allow 20 minutes for fried foods. ( That right there means it's all prepared FRESH!)
The waitresses here are absolutely the nicest servers I have encountered in Las Vegas thus far! 
They first seat you and bring you out corn bread like I've never seen before. I'm used to skillet style cornbread and they brought us out some little cornbread pancakes. We ate ours so quick that the waitress brought us more and she said we should put honey on them, which we did and dadgum it was AMAZING! Once we got our food the sides were in little bowls on a plate to keep them seperated. Then came the chicken. Once I put that food in my mouth, the only things I could keep doing were giggling like a child, shaking my head and repeatedly saying"Mmmmm dam%it!"
That cornbread breading on the fried okra and the chicken was like sex in my mouth! The only thing I wasn't really a fan of was the mac and cheese, but I still ate it and cleaned those Mo Fo'in plates up! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because they close at 8pm....If you want some good soul food or just dang good grub, CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!
This place started in Los Angeles and opened a sister location in Vegas.  The LA place was sold and the family's only place is in Vegas. It's located in a strip mall with a lot of parking.  About 15 tables and a small counter fill this interior along with the walls of photos of famous people who know the owners.

I need to put out a disclaimer that I'm writing this review the next day after having a horrible dinner at Del Frisco's Double Eagle, so when I write about Quality:Price ratio, you can see where my bias is coming from.

When we found out there was a M&M in Vegas, we knew we had to try it based on the reputation they built in Los Angeles.  We got there at the perfect time ahead of a party of what looked like 20 people celebrating a 40th birthday.  The staff is really friendly and for a mom n pop operation that thinks Michelin is a tire, we got great service.  The food does take a long time to get to the table, but that's par for the course when they are dropping each order into the deep fry.  Other places will cook in advance and use heat lamps. Not M&M.  You have to wait 20 minutes for chicken to fry.

I got the fried chicken, greens, mac n cheese, and Kool-Aid.  I don't know how they do it, but the skin on the chicken is crispy good, but the batter isn't burned dark.  The batter sticks to the skin and the skin will just peel off the meat leaving you with the most crispy potato chip type delicacy.  I bet you can just sell the deep fried skin. It's that good. 

The others at the table had the gumbo, ox tail and short rib.  All was excellent.  They also serve the table cornbread that looks like corn pancakes. They are buttery, sweet and have a nice crispy edge.  Those little cakes are addicting.  For 4 of us, the bill was $63.

Some might say it's pricey, but for what we got, it was worth the money.  We spent about $320 at Del Friscos later that day.  We spent about 5 times what we spent at M&M and our food at M&M was 5 times better than what we had at Del Friscos.  If I was told I had to spend $320 and $63 on the two meals I had, I would have paid $320 to M&M's.  Anyway...  you might want to go read my Del Frisco review.
second time here, and it was lunchtime on a Friday and it was PACKED.  no breakfast menu (ugh)...but they still served waffles (yum).  so why now 3 stars?  no drink refills for 30 minutes.  food was now average.  potato salad not edible.  mac and cheese just OK (I make better at home).  waffles above average.  yada yada yada.  SUPER friendly staff still...which is such a nice thing.  excellent clientele, so the whole environment is awesome.  our waitress had an excellent sense of humor despite running around due to the place being packed.  we'll go back again the next time we're in Vegas, but just with lower expectations.
Talk about Southern Hospitality.  These ladies are really nice, efficient, and combined with downright comfort food, I'm game.. all day !. T shirt and jeans kinda place, and nothing fancy k? 

I found this place on a whim in a strip mall, since LV traffic is soo bad with construction, I was frustrated with driving across town - I pulled into the first place I could see. 

A group of 4, we shared full portioned meals like family style Chinese food. 

Freebies of cornbread pancakes and jars of kool-aid started us off.
My , those pancakes are different but tasty.  Kool-aid bursting with flavor and setting me back to my childhood. 

I highly recommend:  Fried chiggin, the fried catfish, sides of candied yams, fried okra, collard greens.   

Standard fare: liver-onion-gravy (hard to remove the gaminess),  potato salad,  rice and beans,   mac n cheese. 

Good portions,  didn't even have room for pie ... and good prices. 

A  solid 4/5.
So I finally ventured out to see what the hype is about. I was pretty disappointed : (

There was construction on Charleston so I had to make sure I turned in the right hole to get here. I was confused bc the doors arent really visible. I thought one was closed bc it has that reflective tape on it so we parked in the back. We walk in and the place is dead! Not a good sign!! We sit and a little bit later our waitress greets us. Without looking at the menu I order a kool aid and a muddy water. She went and got our drinks and I checked out the menu, I was kinda in price shock! The drinks were 2.75$ & 2.50$!!! Thats insane! Im paying that much for sugar water??!!! Whats worse is that throughout the time we dined I only got 1 refill and my son got none!! 

I looked at the menu and since I heard good reviews about the chicken so we opted for that. One things that was weird is that they do not have kids meals, lame!! They also dont have childrens prices on drinks. I ordered the 3piece all white with dbl man n cheese and rice w gravy. I noticed there was a 20min wait for fried foods and was fine with that. 

Our waitress brought us the cornbread pancakes and I tried them and they were yummy. Shortly after my chicken arrived, not even a 10 min wait! Idk if thats good or bad... Anyway, the order included 1 breast and 2 wings... Wtf? Im paying 13.99$ for that!? At least give me 2 breasts!

Lets talk about the chicken: I expected something orgasmic, alas the only one I had was later that day when I found out Old Navy had 50% off clearance sale. My son grabbed the wings and I was left with the breast. I took a bite and instantly needed water; it tasted as though their seasoning was only salt! Dont get me wrong, I love salt, but sheesh! Thank goodness I ordered a side of gravy (which she forgot) I sucked down my drink and waited for a refill... Which took almost 20mins and I had to ask for one even though she walked by my empty glass... 2wice!! Once I got my refill I went back to my chicken. I guess it was semi juicy but what seriously turned me off was the breading. I have never ever tasted breading that salty! 

I tried the sides and was soooo let down! The mac n cheese was tasteless and freakin dry!! What a sad thing bc I ordered 2 sides and my son didnt even touch his! The rice and gravy was meh, nothing special. I guess the only good think was the corn bread. Our waitress was ok, only checked on us once which was sucky. The others seemed super nice to other diners in there though : (

This place imo is over-rated and seriously over-priced! The chicken was semi juicy but wayyyy too salty. I couldnt even finish a breast and trust me im a fatty and love me some chicken! I've had soul food before, my bro in law is from Louisiana and has cooked some yummy eats! If this is what Mississippi soul food is then hit dog its hella shitty! I'll stick to cooking my own home-made, not dry, mac n cheese and super yummy fried chicken!
My boyfriend and I found this place on restaurants.com while in Vegas. We left stuffed and everything tasted amazing! 

The staff was attentive and super nice, worth the drive from the strip. Our food came quick and piping hot. Our fave part of the menu was KOOLAID! Brought us back to our childhood. 

I had the smothered fried chicken (dark meat) with fried okra and red beans and rice topped with banana pudding for dessert. 
The boyfriend had fried chicken, mixed meat; okra, mac and cheese, and rice and gravy with peach cobbler for dessert.
Service was great, very friendly with a smile. 

Food was... Ok? I'm confused as to whether I was in on a off day or if it's always kind of bland, but it wasn't anything to rush back in for. Everyone says its so amazing, but it really wasn't. The macaroni and cheese was overlooked and tasteless, the yams were good due to being so sugary and loaded with syrup.. And the greens tasted good due to an all day cooked flavor.. The chicken was over cooked and while it was edible, it certainly wasn't the best I have had. 

I don't see myself going back, though it's not out of the question if I'm in the area.. Updated review if that happens :) happy eating!
Excellent food (especially the fried chicken). The staff was very friendly and efficient. I will note: a "large" entree is a lot of food. I wouldn't order a large entree unless you're either VERY hungry or sharing with a friend.
M & M Soul Food Cafe is one of the BEST, most satisfying dining experiences I had in Las Vegas. I would never have found this place on my own (located in a super-tacky strip mall), but thanks to a foodie friend who is a Las Vegas local, we went. I ordered the short ribs, sweet potatoes (yams), and greens. She ordered chicken wings. OMG! everything was amazingly delicious. 

The nice attentive efficient waitress starts you out with two light, delicate cornbread pancakes that were slightly crispy on the edges, and slightly sweet,  tender, full of fresh flavor -- just amazing. Like getting perfect dessert first!

Everything we ordered was way, way beyond expectations. Mac and cheese is just what you hope it will be (but in most places never is). Greens and yams perfectly complimented the melt-in-your mouth short ribs. The vinagar-based hot sauce on the table provided that touch of sharpness that made all the dishes exactly satisfying. All portions VERY generous. Chicken wings were huge and the best chicken I've ever eaten.  

One negative: Ordered banana pudding and peach cobbler. Both were bad -- pudding tasted like 'Nilla wafers and pudding mix; cobbler was canned peaches with tough crumbled up pie crust (my guess). Both desserts sickeningly sweet and clearly made out of processed food.  My foodie friend told me both desserts were standard African American nostalgia foods and were exactly what AA people would expect them to be.  Whatever. 

Service: Excellent
Dinner food: Beyond excellent
Dessert: Sucky
Price: Very reasonable considering quantity and quality.  

I wish I could go there right now (but I'm not in Las Vegas).
Loved it. Going for breakfast tomorrow.
I was so disappointed when I came here.. I'm from Los Angeles and was expecting the same taste as the la locations but boy was I wrong. Granted I had breakfast, but can you really mess up breakfast that bad? YES!! I don't even want to try anything else from here. I've been so disappointed eating at these "soul food" places here in las Vegas.. Inspiring me to open my own!!
Found this gem on the recommendation of a good friend.  I've been trying to find some good Soul food, like my Mom used to cook.  Let me tell you, this is THE place.  Everything down to and especially the sweet tea, is spot on.  Friendly staff and a great atmosphere make this an ideal place for any displaced Southerner, or wanna be types.  

I had the smothered pork chops, collard greens, and fried okra.  Way more than enough food, especially for the price.  If all the dishes are equally as good as my first time fare, you will not be disappointed with your meal.  

Did I mention FRIENDLY staff?
This place is a hidden gem if you are not familiar with soul food.  The highlights for me are the cornbread, the chicken and waffles, and the service.  This is the best soul food around, especially for the price.  

I dream about the chicken and waffles.  The chicken is whole wings, lightly breaded then fried to perfection.  The waffles are light, crispy and have a hint of cinnamon.
On January 14, 2011 we had the unfortunate opportunity to eat at M & M Soul Food Cafe.  It took 5 waitresses 20 minutes to come take our order as they chatted amongst themselves about the previous nights activities.  When they took our order, it took us one hour (I am not kidding) to get our food, remind you now this restaurant had maybe 20 patrons.  My husband ordered the hash and eggs.  When it came an hour later it was burned completly on the bottom (charred) and the egg on top was fried hard, he had ordered over easy.  When we complained about our order, our waitress, blatantly rolled her eyes.  We will never return to this place again.  We should have know from the minute we got there, as the place was a little no, I take that back, it was on the grungy side.  I don't know how this place stays open!
Hello, soul food. It has been a while.

I've been to M&M a few times before. My most recent visit had to be the most notable of them all. I usually roll with the fried catfish dish (very good), but today, I decided to go for the chicken & waffles (faint-worthy). Here's a rundown of what I have tried:

***Chicken & Waffles - By far, my favorite dish here (and my favorite waffles of all time). The waffles have an airy, incredibly fluffy consistency. It is practically melts in your mouth with each bite. I actually have to admit that these even surpass the famous Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles over in L.A. While the chicken wings themselves, did not wow me as much as the waffles did, they did have a delightful crisp, with a nice touch of seasoning.
***Fried catfish - I am a catfish junkie. Suffice to say, M&M does serve up a great plate of catfish. If you're in the mood for crispy, flaky, and well seasoned pieces of fish, you can't go wrong with this order. Note: Half order includes 1 catfish + 2 sides. You may want to go for a full order if your stomach demands it.  I paired my half-order of catfish with fried okra and black eyed peas. Just like they sound, they did my body good.
***Cornbread pancakes - These come free to your table as something to munch on while waiting for food. They are usually incredibly fluffy and fall apart with a savory crumble with each bite, but my most recent visit came off a little dry.
***Muddy water - Pretty much a drink like an Arnold Palmer. Half iced tea, half lemonade. Their lemonade really does pack a sweet punch, so it does stand out above the usual Arnold Palmer.

The wait for the food was a little on the long side. We must have waited 20-30 minutes for our plates to arrive. The friendly staff made sure my coffee mug was never empty. Plus, the cornbread pancakes continuously came to our table to plump us up during the wait.

As they say, soul food sticks to your ribs. Over here at M&M Soul Food Cafe, not only did the food stick to my ribs, rear-end, and whatever flab that was hanging off of my body, it did also ingrain itself a spot in my brain as my favorite spot for chicken and waffles.
Soul food in Vegas?  Yes, please. I saw that M & M was highly rated on Yelp and I wanted fried chicken, so we ventured here. It is way off the strip, we drove into what seemed like a working class neighborhood - when we walked in, they thought we were lost! Once we assured them we wanted to eat, all was well and we were seated. We ordered the smothered fried chicken and the pork chops, with mac and cheese and okra for sides. Everything was super good. The fried chicken skin was crispy and the chicken itself was juicy. The gravy was typical southern brown gravy deliciousness. No complaints on the mac and cheeses or okra either. I actually restrained myself a bit and saved room for banana pudding. My sister had never had southern style banana pudding and she was floored. It was super good!

Definitely a good spot if you want to get away from the buffets of the strip. I'll be back for the chicken and waffles next time!
I went here for breakfast and I seriously cannot wait to go back for lunch. If this cafe hadn't been almost full, I totally would have licked the plate. 

I was with a group of 3, all first timers, and we agreed that we would  be coming back soon. I ordered the fried chicken wings and waffles, of course, as I am a huge fan of this dish and order it whenever it's on the menu. The ONLY time I eat fried chicken is when It's accompanied with a buttered waffle and smothered in maple syrup. If I'm gonna go, I wanna go all the way. Wings are not my preferred piece of  the chicken but that is a small thing and I'm willing to overlook it because the waffles were awesome. Perfectly soft, chewy texture and I'm pretty sure I detected a hint of cinnamon. They were a perfect compliment to the fried chicken. I might be spoiled for this dish at any other restaurant. 

The catfish plate with two eggs, grits and toast was really tasty too. The eggs were perfectly cooked and the grits didn't require any doctoring up. They were good without any added butter or sugar. The third breakfast entree was corn beef hash. I didn't try it, not really my thing.  I'm guessing it was good though because there wasn't one bite left on the plate. 

This building is in a state of slight disrepair. It looks a little rundown but don't let that keep you away. It's just part of the charm. The two waitresses that served my table were great. Fast and efficient service with a friendly smile. Everyone was busy and doing their part to make this place run smoothly. It was about 9:30 in the morning on a week day and while this place wasn't packed, it was still busy and they kept everything going like a well oiled machine.
Soul food in Vegas?  Uh, yeah.  I am from Chicago and soul food restaurants here are plenty.  Some good, some bad.  All of them are filled with homey, down-to-earth personnel that make you feel you're at your grandmother's house.  This is a good thing if the food is worth it.

So I have been wanting to try M&M for a few years now after reading all the good reviews on many LV boards.  Finally tried it yesterday morning and am glad I did.  Being on West Charleston, I know the area leaves much to be desired, but so is every other soul food restaurant I've been to.  The inside is diner-looking with music blaring, several tables and a counter.  The personnel was a surprise with their almost-formal attire.  Interesting.  We walk in and I hear, "hey, how yall doing?" LOUDLY.  Yeah, that's a sign this is going to be good.  Following is what we ordered:

Chicken Wings and Waffles, side of two eggs over medium:  The chicken wings - oh, the chicken wings!  Hot, fresh and oh so golden.  I tore the wing apart and smiled with I saw the smoke rising from this wonderful morsel.  The waffles were oval in shape and were soft with a maple flavor even before I put the syrup on.  Delicious.  The eggs were eggs, no complaint.

Turkey Sausage and eggs, grits and toast:  Everything was cooked to perfection.

With coffees all around, we got out of there with a bill of $22.15.

The service was a bit slow, but they were swamped so again, no complaints.

All told, I will be back.  Imagine that, soul food in Vegas.
On the high reccomendation of a friend...we took a trip off the beaten path for some soul food in Las Vegas.  M&M had some high praises to live up to and I was excited to see if all the hype was justified.

Our party of 3 got 2 orders of the fried chicken and one order of the oxtails on the reccomendation of the owner himself...first, the fried chicken...mmmmmm...one of the best fried chicken I have ever had! The oxtails were just as good, if not better! Almost like braised shortribs if you ask me...plus the oxtails were as big as my fists! Each order came with 3 sides, my favorites being the fried okra and the red beans and rice.  

Included with every order are these scrumptous cornmeal pancakes! Ohh, those pancakes!!! They were so good we had the waitress bring a second order of them BEFORE our food came out!

Not only was the food good here, all the wait staff and even the owner was pleasent...we had a nice 5 minute conversation with the owner once he found out we were from Hawaii, telling us that his daughter was born in Hawaii.

M&M is definately a staple from now on during every trip to Sin City!
Mmm Mmm good...

Im from Los Angeles and we have a few good soul food restaurants to choose from, when i moved here I hadn't had such great luck finding a good one until I went here.

Omg DELICIOUS the food is so so so good.

I ordered the BBQ spareribs with yams and cornbread dressing as my sides, the meat was falling off the bone and was so tender and the BBQ sauce was of the chain, the yams were so sweet and delicious and the cornbread dressing well lets just say i could have had seconds and thirds of it. My plate was completely empty by the end of the meal and I still had room for banana pudding which was homemade just like everything else. 

The waitress was very friendly and on point with my refills of their delicious sweet tea.

I cant wait to return here again by far one of my favorite places to eat and it was worth every penny.
My daughter and I ate at M & M on Sunday, 2/19.  My daughter had the Chicken and Waffles and I had a traditional breakfast.  I didn't like the toast or the coffee, but the eggs, grits and turkey links were good. I wanted to go back for lunch.  The entrees looked really appetizing.  Also, I loved the uniforms and the cleanliness.
I am in Vegas a half dozen times or more a year. I used to take potential clients to the upscale $200/ plate joints on the strip. I have since started taking them here and the relaxed atmosphere, great wait staff and PHENOMENAL FOOD have won us (and our clients) over.
I grew up in Harlem, and often ate at Wells, the original chicken and waffle spot. In my opinion, the C&W at M&M beats the pants off of Roscoe's.
Do yourself a favor, eat here. 
Downside is that they close too early.
We went in wanting breakfast only to find out they stop serving at 12:00.So we decided lunch would be OK. I ordered the seafood gumbo.The bf ordered the short rib with beans and rice and mac and cheese that were average. the gumbo was slimy and greasy and more slime the okra had made the gumbo the consistency of snot. The attentive waitress noticed that i did not care for it and she took it off the bill. The service here cant be beat and there breakfast is delish. I heard whispers behind me must have been from regular customers "she didn't like the gumbo?"  no sadly i did not . 24.00 for two lunch. will be back but only for breakfast.
Pros:
The food was great.
Tried the dressing, mac and cheese, ribs, snapper.
Cons:
The server forgot about a few times and I had to use a friends fork to eat.
The portions are kind of small for the prices.
I have been contemplating this over the last few days. My first instinct is this place deserves a 2 star. Breaking it down this place does better. 

Food: 4 star             = Good food
service: 1 star          = Waitress passed by us 11 times without filling my drink(Muddy water), and we  have coupon for restraunt.com but they said "you can't use this on the weekends". No where on the certificate does it say that that we can't use it.
price: 2 star              = Since I couldn't use the certificate I think it was overpriced.
Quality: 5 star           = The chicken and macaroni cheese is great.
Quantity: 4 stars       = string beans isn't the same as string beans w/potatoes

16/5 = 3.2 stars
I want to like this place more. I've had it bookmarked for months, and when I finally got to it.. it just wasn't very exciting.

The place was packed when I went in with my boyfriend and it took a while for a server to come to our dilapidated booth and take our drink orders. I understand they're busy, and I understand this isn't a fine dining establishment. No problem. After our drink orders are taken, a long while passes before our food orders are taken. I order the fried chicken, white meat, mac n cheese, collards. Boyfriend orders chicken and waffles. 

I get my fried chicken and wait as is polite since his food wasn't there yet.. even though I'm certain waiting to eat hot fried chicken is really one of the hardest things a person can endure. It was definitely a test of love. Five minutes pass by and his food still hasn't gotten there, he insists I start, I do not argue. The chicken was lightly battered and really really dry. I also had the problem of it being very salty as previous viewers have mentioned. Not inedible, just too salty. 

His food finally comes 10 minutes after mine was dropped off. He isn't ecstatic about it, but loves my mac n cheese which I find too mushy and greasy and bland. Collards are pretty standard, cold by the time I dug in.

Overall, poor service, dry chicken, and no refills on our muddy waters. I'd give it another chance if it wasn't out of the way for me.. but it is. And so I won't.
Today, me, the wife and child visited this establishment for breakfast.  While the outside of the restaurant is not particularly attractive, the inside is neat, clean and has two plasma TV's with Sportcenter.  That's always a good start.  We were allowed to seat ourselves.  From a fabulous southern/soul food selection, I was the most adventurous, ordering the liver and onions for about $6.00.  My meal came with the choice of potatoes, grits, or rice; two eggs made to order, and a biscuit or toast.  I had the grits and the bisquit.  The liver was covered with brown gravy and onions.  The portion was huge, and I did not finish it.  The biscuit was small but tasty.  The grits were good as far as I could tell.  My wife is the grits lover, and she said they were tops.  My wife ordered the cheese omelette.  I also tried a few bites.  This is not the typical omelette that his a majority of fluffy eggs with a little bit of cheddar.  This is more like a flat, triple folded omelette filled with cheese and cheese on top.  Everyone has their priorities with omelettes, ours is more about the cheese than the egg, so we were delighted.  Her omelette with choice of toast came to $6.99.  There was no child's menu, but for $4.00, we purchased the french toast.  We tend to eat "family style" and the kid at my eggs, then ate most of the french toast, careful to avoid the dreaded crust.  I tried the french toast and it was six half slices of battered bread with a hint of cinnamon.  It was delicious.  Our coffee was $1.50, and the waitress was attentive, keeping the cup filled.  I would say that we were able to eat 2/3 of the meal, and we arrived pretty hungry.  If you are tired of the usual breakfast, you can't go wrong with this place.
I was driving by and had to try this place upon reading so many great reviews and i am always on the search for amazing chicken & waffles. It was so yummy! There is so much flavor in the batter! The chicken was nice and crispy and so flavorful! I will definitely be returning, there is so much to try! The staff was super friendly and inviting! Worth the drive i will be back !
only giving it 4 stars because my boyfriend looooved it!! and they serve koolaid on the menu and bring it out in a jar w free refills which is all i really loved about it!! was in vegas this pass weekend and wanted to try something different from the usual strip eateries so we googled a soul food restaraunt (out of towners of course) came up wit this spot from the reviews i read i thought i was about 2 be eatin grandmas cooking i ordered pork chop cabbage and mac n cheese pork chop was dry not enough seasoning mac n cheese tasted RE-heated cabbage was bomb tho i will give them that but like i said i was only in love wit the koolaid which i coulda brought 4 10 cents a pack and made on my own boyfriend had the smothered chicked mac n cheese and yams which he was in love with every bite i tasted a bite of each and was not impressed at all i will stick 2 the strip food i know and love because this wasnt up 2 my "soul food" standards
Fried Chicken OR Fried Pork Chops are the best I've ever had.
When the food arrived the conversation came to a complete stop while we all savored the dishes we ordered.
We went early in the week and later in the evening so it was full but not mobbed.
Service was warm and very friendly.
I could easily see anyone eating this home style cooking once a week.
Decor, flimsy silverware and cramped dining room bring it down a star but the people and the food are completely worth the visit and there is take out available.
If you want Soulfood, you'll get it here.  It may not be my Grandmas cooking, but gotta someone else's Grandma's cooking, because of the home cooked taste of the food. I need to go back and try other items on the menu, But I had the Fried Chicken Cornbread, Collard Greens, and the Mac'n Cheese. So good.  I gotta go back.
They have the best Ox Tail ! It was so tender and a half of an order is still huge! I ordered two sides Red Beans and Rice and Potato Salad. The rice was okay but I'm not used to having the gravy on it. The salad was a little on the sweet side.

The stand out items for me were the Ox tail, Banana Pudding and the Muddy Waters. I was sorry that I ordered the lemon cake once I had a bite of the Banana pudding. It was comfort food at it's best!  The lemon cake was good but I would choose the pudding over it any day!
I came here with no expectations since it didn't seem like much from the outside but I was happy once I received my food. I had the short ribs with gravy and a side of mac and cheese and cabbage. The ribs were so tender and delicious, the mac and cheese was good but needed a little more melted cheese on top. My boyfriend had the chicken and waffles and the chicken was really good.
Food was great but felt a little akward becue me and my friend were the only white guys thier, it felt like i was the big elephant in the room. Not the great service but the food was awsome!!!
Can't say enough good things, wish I could be a regular here! 5 stars on the quality and taste of the food and amazing service to top it all off! A restaurant.com coupon brought us here during a visit from San Diego. The fried chicken was the best I've ever had and so were the collard greens. We also had the catfish and grilled pork chop w onions and peppers (special request) amazing!!!!  Eat here if you like soul food!
So, I had never been to a "soul food" restaurant before and really wasn't sure what to expect, food wise, but already knew what I was going to order... Chicken and waffles! Best decision I ever made... Ok, not really, but as far as "soul food" goes it was!

The chicken was perfectly seasoned and delicious and I'm not a huge fan of waffles/pancakes, but the waffles were THE BEST I have ever had! 

The wait staff were super friendly and attentive.

The second time around (different trip), the food was not as good as I remember. I had the smothered pork chops (seriously amazing!) and three sides. I believe I got mac & cheese and potato salad. The portion was HUGE, and what I didn't realize is I got the full order (option for half order), so unless you have a big appetite, I suggest getting the half order. The sides were less than satisfying... Mac & Cheese was so-so and the potato salad was just gross. 

The wait staff the second time around were less attentive, but it also was alot busier.

Though the second visit wasn't as good as the first, I still really enjoy the food and will definitely be coming back!
I went in for the sweet potato pie(you can't get it in Canada). A great food experience off the beaten path in Las Vegas.
I thought I had wrote a review here when I tried it for the first time but I guess I just checked in. I was reviewing all my reviews when i noticed i missed mine for M & M. So i wanted to write mine. I have tried Roscoe's chicken and waffles in Los Angeles, Ca several times. I was very excited to find M & Ms where i could get chicken and waffles. I have to admit it was delicious! I just remember when i was eating, when i would eat the waffles i would say yummm the waffles taste the best, then i would take a bite of the chicken and say oh nooo the chicken is the best. and this just kept going back and forth the whole entire meal. I was soo stuffed by the end but i wanted to keep eating more. I would definitely come here again and recommend this place to everyone! =D really enjoyed my experience here.
Absolutely loved this place when I went there while I was on a business trip. Since then I have bought a second home in Las Vegas and plan on frequenting this place whenever I have a chance.
This place is just freakin awesome!!!
Great service great food great value. Shared the gumbo and smothered fried chicken with the boyfriend and it was more than enough food for the both of us. The fried chicken would definitely have to be my fave. Their gravy is very savory and definitely compliments their fried chicken. The boyfriend also ordered a Muddy Water and he said it was THE BEST LEMONADE + ICED TEA hes ever had in his life. We got refill after refill and the nice waitress even asked us if we wanted one to go. Only downside is that its in a so-so location. Would definitely come back here again for some good ol' soul food.
To me, a great restaurant focuses on getting out good food with great service.  They definitely deliver here - it's as down home as you can get.
I was not impressed.  My catfish tasted like some aquariums smell.
Hands down this is some good soul food. I had some fried pork chops and the food was the bomb.  MAc and cheese, yams were good as well- i really didn't care for the greens(something was missing).

Yummy yummy yummy
Well, i did not like the food at this place much at all, well maybe because I'm not a huge soul food fan. Fried chicken was OK but very greasy and the oxtail was very fatty and it was deep friend and smothered with gravy didn't really taste anything special about it, it was just salty and fatty. I went to this place to try the gumbo but unfortunately it wasn't available on the day, so i might go there ones more to try that but not sure.
I am no expert on soul food, but the fried chicken is finger lickin' good. Please don't sue me, big chicken company. My sister is on this obnoxious health kick where she cringes at the mention of good food. I am from the school of eat it in moderation, so I dragged her here anyways.

What we ordered? Three piece dark meat meal and the oxtails. Like people have mentioned before, there is a disclaimer that it takes 20 minutes for fried food. We were sitting there for five minutes and got our food before people who were there before us. We were surprised, but were not worried because the food was amazing. The fried chicken was super moist, crispy, and steaming hot. My sister got a side of fried okra, green beans, and mac'n'cheese. I got yams, greens, and red beans and rice. All my sides were way better. She loved hers, but my choices were still infinitely superior. The oxtail was generously portioned and fall off the bone tender. There was so much food that we were able to pack a box to take home. I know it is bound to be a delicious snack later. 

Maybe it is good that it is farther away from where I live. I can imagine how much weight I would gain if I lived closer by.
I visited Las Vegas this weekend and was told that M & M was the best, which is partially true. I had the fried chicken on Saturday which was okay...I've had better at Popeyes and my boyfriend agreed since I ended up giving him the rest of it. I tasted his fried catfish which was some of the best I've ever had. So good, in fact, that we went back again on Monday. This time the fish was just as tasty, but the service was horrible. We never received a menu and when the waitress came to take our order 20 minutes later she had an attitude. She walked up to the table and said, "what y'all want." She didn't offer a smile, say sorry for the wait or offer us a menu! Overall the catfish, red beans and rice and mac n cheese was delicious, but I will not be returning because of the service received.
I had to try this out myself after reading all the positive reviews about how good the food here is.  I ordered the oxtail and fried chicken with their famous gravy on the side to go.  I was surprised how big the orders were.  The price is definitely reasonable for the portion it comes in.  Now for the food, it was absolutely delicious! The oxtail was so tender and it's sauce was so flavorful.  The chicken was mediocre.  It just tasted ordinary. But, it could be due to it sitting in the to go box for half an hour. So, I wouldn't judge it too harshly since food tastes a lot better fresh out the stove.  My daughter loved the mac and cheese it came with :) I would definitely come back to this place again. The owners and cashier were super friendly as well which makes this place A++++!
The great smothered fried chicken did not compensate for being treated like a second class citizen!

The entree's and sides reminded me of being at Peaches in Jackson, Mississippi.  Unfortunately, sitting beside the window with the summer sun beating through and no blinds installed at the dinning area, eating the food was uncomfortable at best.  Beyond that, the slow and rude service made my party feel as if the folks at M & M were doing us a favor by allowing us to eat at there restaurant.  I'll make better soul food at home and let M & M treat others so poorly as they clearly do not value their customers.
Let me just tell you!!!!!!!  It was amazeballs!

As a connoisseur of THE FRIED CHICKEN, I can say.. this is one of the best I've had in a long time.  As soon as I bit into that chicken.. Cruncy, Juicy, right spices.. just perfect.  
Here's what we ordered:  Fried Chicken and Waffles, Ala Carte Fried Chicken Plate (cus we're greedy like that), Oxtail, mac n cheese, greens and Gravy over Rice.
 EVERYTHING was sooo good.  I won't go into detail.. just PUHHHLEASE trust me!!!!

Soooo.. if you are in VEGAS and you want good food with no fuss and have a LOT of SOUL... Head on down to M&M Soul Food Cafe.. You won't regret it!

This one will be permanently on my itinerary when I go to VEGAS!!!!

AMAZEBALLS!
I desperately want to love this place but I don't.  It's expensive and kinda bland.  The space is a little on the nasty side too.  The red kool-aid and the corncake pancakes are really good.
YUM!!!!! The staff is super nice and very attentive.  I got the fried chicken with red beans and rice and potato salad, oh and a sweet tea. SO FREAKIN GOOD!!!!!! Can't wait to go back for more.
Today we had a desire for some soul, food that is and so we headed to M & M soul food.  We parked on the west side and walked in and found a table right away.  We got our drink orders out of the way and began studying the menu.

Soon we notice that there was not one single table left unoccupied, it had filed up quickly.  We got our food order in and I got the smothered pork chop with sweet potatoes and greens.  I also got a side order of fried okra one of my very favorite vegetable.

The food came out slowly, but came pipping hot and down right good.  I could tell there was a lot of soul put into the food, the gravy covering my chop was rich and had a caramel color that was spot on.  The chop itself was tender and almost fell a part.  My side dishes were very fresh and just seasoned right.  A very good meal.  I guess the best time to come is right before the Sunday crowd!
M & M Soul Food Cafe is a hit or miss restaurant.  Every time I go there, I have to send my food back because it is not done right.  The chicken wings are always dry because they over cook them.  However, when they re-do them, they are usually pretty decent.  I should not have to go through this to get decent food.  I am burnt out and will not go back.  The M & M's in California is not any better!
A bit over priced in my opinion but the food was very tasty. Homemade corn bread pancakes, fried okra, fried chicken and catfish, mashed potatoes and collard greens. Although the food is well seasoned, be sure to order water because it was quite salty.
The service was good and friendly, we got our food quickly but there weren't many other customers while we were there.
"Salads are too healthy for us." This was stated to another party at M&M when they inquired over any leafy salads they might offer. This is certainly not food that should be eaten every day (see health rates for states like Mississippi, Alabama, and Louisiana as reference), but it sure is a treat for every now and then. 

Absolutely affordable, definitely delicious, and the wait staff -- at least when we visited (Thursday night; waitress: Toni) was wonderful. I have a feeling that they are usually wonderful.

The cornbread pancakes are incredible. I ordered pork chops, smothered, and sides of rice/ beans, yams, and fried okra. Dessert: sweet potato pie. All delicious, and brought very fast to our table. Normally, I do not consume even a fraction of the daily recommended amount of sodium or fat, so eating this much salt/lipids was not really a concern to me (I gained .2 pounds in morning weigh ins after eating here). 

I definitely need to return for some chicken and waffles and for the banana pudding. Next time I will probably inquire over purchasing some cornbread pancakes to take home. - E
Wow, good stuff!  Staff is super friendly and chef is very accomodating.  My cousin ordered the fried chicken breast as boneless and they didn't hesitate to fulfill her request.  Wow, talk about top notch southern fried chicken!  The chef came out to make sure she was pleased, too!  The cornbread pancakes were yummy as a starter.  I had the fried cat fish with sides of collard greens and mac & cheese.  There are full and half orders.  Half orders are already big in portion, so you are warned LOL  My party of 4 shared a sweet potato pie ... OMG to die for!!!  Highly recommended.  Enjoy the celebrity photos/guests on the wall who enjoyed the restaurant, too.
I came here on a recommendation from a friend and WHAT A GEM!  M&M is legit.  The food, the service, the atmosphere, the overall friendliness and vibe are amazing.  If you want a down-home, comfort food experience in Las Vegas, M&M is where to go.

My food highlights:

1. Corn Pancakes - Order as many as you can.  These suckers are freaking addicting and ohh so orgasmically good.  Slightly crispy exterior, butter soft interior, with amazing flavor.

2. Chicken and Waffles - Man the chicken is moist, crispy and NEVER dry.  The waffles are sweet and fluffy and don't forget the hot sauce and syrup!

3. Oxtail - *DROOOLLLLLL*. I love oxtail, and the gravy that drowns the super tender oxtail... I shudder to think about the awesomeness.

4. Ribs - Tender... Check. Tasty... Check. Order it? Do it.

5. Gumbo - Order a small because honestly, after all of the above, can you fit anymore?  Smokey, with a bit of spice and full of seafood. NOM!

If you are in Vegas on a random Sunday afternoon looking to kill some time and gain some weight, go to M&M's and you will not regret it at all!
So a friend of mine recommended this spot, as he and his friends come here quite often.  Now I see why.   Being from Hawaii, you don't see many Southern comfort food places back home, so I was game to try something different.  First off, unfortunately the day that we went, they had a power outage, but the restaurant and kitchen were still open and happily serving customers.  Right off the bat, I could feel welcomed as the waitresses and even the owner welcomed us in.  Everybody was so kind and genuinely cared about their customer service, so it showed.

My friend ordered his usual, the oxtails and I ordered the smothered chicken.  We both had the mac & cheese sides, as well as the red beans and rice and collard greens.  I also ordered a side order of hot wings and some sweet tea.

While we were waiting for our meals, they serve you these amazing corn bread pancakes. They were piping hot and had just the right amount of sweetness and crunch along the edges.  When our entrees came, I couldn't wait to dig in.  I tried my smothered chicken first and the chicken was still crispy and so hot and juicy.  Then the gravy hits you......omg that gravy.  So tasty.  I had a bite of my friends oxtails and they were amazing as well.  Not too fatty, super tender, and swimming in that wonderful gravy.  I also loved the hot wings too, as they were incredibly crunchy, juicy, and quite meaty.  I thank my friend for introducing me to this spot.  Had it not been for him, I wouldn't have ever known about this gem

*** On a side note, I know that the owner fully understands and lives customer service.  As we were wrapping up our meal, one of the customers requested if they could sit outside (power was out remember?, and the restaurant was a little warm).  Without hesitation, he jumped into action and set up a table for 2 outside the restaurant for them.  The owner did this.  Now if that's not  a man who cares about his customers, I don't know what is.
The service (Janean) was nothing less than excellent, the food was very very good. When I'm back in Vegas, I'll definitely visit again. I had the smothered chicken, collard greens, mashed potatoes and the sweet potatoes. And ended it with the banana pudding (which was excellent). Love love it!
Friendly staff, Chx fried 2 hard.
Had lunch with coworkers and we were all satisfied with service and food. Entrees: Oxtails and Fried Chicken. Sides: Cabbage, Macaroni and Cheese, Black eyed peas, Candied Yams. We were all comforted with each bite. The food was definitely good for our souls.
I love how they start your meal off with complimentary cornbread pancakes, that was yummy for sure.

We were in the mood for breakfast however during the week they stop serving breakfast at 11am, so we ordered off the lunch/dinner menu instead.

I decided on short ribs with mac and cheese, cornbread stuffing for my sides. My babez ordered meatloaf, mac and cheese, fried okra.  We both ordered half orders which come with two sides. 

I ordered the kool-aid which they give free refills on and I love how they serve the drinks out of mason jars that is an Awesome cute touch!

The kool-aid was delicious, just like the 80's kool-aid I grew up on! I sure wish I could make it this good at home!

The food was good but I had such high expectations that I found myself disappointed with the overall food. :(

The mac and cheese, we both prefer my homemade classic recipe I make at home as theirs was good but nothing I would have to come here to eat. The fried okra has a thick cornmeal batter on it that kind of overpowers the taste of the okra. The cornbread stuffing is made with real cornmeal cornbread however was dry, without the gravy on top I would not have finished it. I make better meals than this at home, so I don't know if I can justify coming back for a meal. However may be back for Kool-aid and to try their banana pudding dessert! The short ribs were tender and delicious for sure, as I really enjoyed the meat falling off of the bone!

The star at this place is the kool-aid and the Fantastic service! The Servers at this joint really know how to make you feel welcome!

We might be back to give it another shot and order different things on the menu as I am just not satisfied wih this rating. I want it to be better than just OK so I will really make an attempt to come back and try again. I really wanted to love it, however I was just disappointed because it was nothing special and did not live up to the hype!
I love soul food so I thought I'd give this place a try. They always have advertisements on the radio for M&M. Been here twice now, & got their chicken & waffles. I think it's just alright. Their muddy water's really good. You get it from a jar, so it goes well with the theme. The place is over-priced for simple food, therefore I'm not sure if I'll be back. The portions don't match up with it. In addition, it's just not the cleanest place. However, if anyone finds a menu item that's worth the drop-by, I'd like the heads up.
Oh my gosh, yes! M & M has the best friend chicken I have ever had!!! The batter not too thick and very well seasoned and the inside was really moist even if I ordered white meat. My sides were mac n cheese and fried okra. Mac n cheese was delish and fried okra was pretty standard. This place is a must try for anyone, I was in the area with a hungry stomach and thought "hey why not try it out?" since it has been on my list for ages now. My server Jania (sp?) was super nice and she referred to me as baby (lol), I thought it was cute and made her very hospitable. I'm sure everyone knows it's in a sketchy shopping center on Charleston & Valley View, but as I parked and walked to the entrance it felt even worse. Oh well, take the risk because its worth it! There is also a few security with guns inside the restaurant. The outside is pretty dead, but inside you'll see a restaurant full of people. You will also see a mixture of patrons eating, which is comforting to know they give their love to everyone!
WOW.....This place can teach a lot to the "hole" in the Crenshaw district of LA with the same name.  Not only is this place much cleaner, the wait staff are nice and check on you to make sure the experience is good.
The cornbread pancakes are so good. What a nice way to launch into you're meal.  Some of you may be disgusted and I don't care but I'm a huge fan of Chitterlings and I got a good serving at M&M's. Taste almost as good as mine and my Mom's.  Add Mac n' Cheese, Collard's and rice and gravy and I was a happy camper.  Thank God I have friends I can visit in Vegas because next time I' back, I'll be stopping by M&M's.  I have a good feeling everything on the menu is really good.
Originally went in for the $5 lunch special only to find out it's one piece of chicken, red beans and potato salad. So I ordered fish. Too expensive with an "ok" value. $9.99 for one piece of fish and two sides?!?! My sweet tea remained empty until I asked for the check the waitress asked if I wanted a refill. Will not return
We had a large party of 22 & although we couldn't make reservations, we didn't have to wait long too order and were seated within 5 minutes. It was a Sunday, so we went at 12:30 to avoid the after church rush. Never thought I would be able to find such good soul food in viva las Vegas. It's great, I always get the smothered chicken, greens, & Mac & cheese. The sweet tea/lemonade mix is awesome & the service is great! The owner was even running around hustling & bustling with a constant cheerful demeanor.
Great breakfast. The best biscuits anywhere!
I loved my first experience here.

Upon entering with my sister and one year old niece we sat where ever we pleased.

I've driven by many many many times, but the inside was a lot nicer than I expected. I think the recently renovated. 

I hate eating with my niece because she's a baby and causes a scene. Anyone who loves food knows that eating is an experience and I hate to ruin other people's experience with a toddler causing a raucous.

The staff here won her over and had her smiling, laughing, and behaving. Even the other customers were laughing at her. She doesn't do we'll with strangers so this put me at ease. In return my opinion of the staff is very high. We had help from about five people. She also dropped about three forks that the staff replaced every time with a smile. 

That little part aside..

I CAME FOR THE FRIED CHICKEN! 

I love fried chicken and I had really high hopes after being disappointed by Meat and three just the night before.

You could choose a full or half portion. Full was 3 pieces of chicken with three sides for $15 half was 3 pieces and 2 sides for $9.99

I had Mac and cheese, collard greens, and mashed potatoes.

Before my fried chicken came out they serve a corn bread pancake with butter. I could eat a million of these. They were yummy.

For a drink I had red kook aid !

The brought all the food at once.

The fried chicken was fresh, cooked perfect, but I hate to say nothing special. It was very good fried chicken, but not what I hoped for southern fried chicken to taste like. I don't knock the chicken. I just had very high expectations.

It was my first time trying collard greens and I wasn't a fan.

Their Mac and cheese was special though. Next time I'd order three portions of it. YUMM. I DROOL. It's that good.

The mashed potatoes were just average. They honestly tasted boxed and the gravy wasn't particularly good either.

The kook aid was very good but maybe a tad too sweet. It was $2.50 and we didn't get a refill.

For dessert I had peach cobbler. It was very good but a bit watery. I wish their was more dough and peach rather than watery sauce.

Overall I really loved this place.

It may not sound like it from the review, but the food, staff, and overall experience was awesome. 

Next time I'm trying different sides and ill be having my fried chicken smothered.
Fried Catfish. That's all I have to say
This was some of the best chicken I ever had. In it's a must stop in vegas
Very good food, large portions and excellent service. Every time I am in Vegas this place is a must!
We were there on New Years Day for a "traditional New Years Dinner".  
It was great.  We had to wait 30 min for a table because it was so busy, but the staff was very nice about it.  And it was worth the wait.  
I had the catfish with red beans and rice.  Their cornbread is pancake style, which surprises some people.
This place is pretty pretty pretty good when it comes to soul food.  I loved this place at the same time it really fell short.  I must be hypercritical because this place has a hyped up reputation and I cannot simply just nod my head.

Went around lunch time and it was packed, so we sat at the counter.  Service was slow, I mean the type of slow where you consider getting up and leaving.  You get better service at Chinese restaurants in china town. (that is not good).

We ordered as soon as we were finally acknowledged.  It took a good 5 minutes just to get a glass of water.  15 minutes after sitting down we got some little corn cakes.  These were thin corn pancakes.  Did not like them. I could taste the baking powder in them.  Why can't I get a piece of good cornbread at a soul food place!!????  WHY????????  Not a pancake, muffin or fritter - but a piece of damn cornbread!

Then 49 minutes after sitting down and people who came in after us getting their food... we got our 2 orders of chicken and waffles plus greens and mac and cheese.  Waitress forgot our sides - had to ask.

The chicken was good.  It was crispy and juicy.  Big wings too. The waffles were different and damn good.  They may have been wheat with a cinnamon flavor.  Not sure.  They were fluffy and had a nice shell to the outside.  Just right.  I ate the 2 off my plate and another off my daughters!  The mac and cheese was ok.  The greens - I was a little disappointed.  Too much of the ribs were in the greens and they just seemed a little tired.

The service wasn't bad, the ladies there working were working hard, but the service was just blas.  Places like this get so used to being busy - they forget what got them there.  Waiting close to an hour for your dinner is wrong and not even saying anything to placate the customer is even worse.  You get the if you don't like you can leave attitude here.

I sat at the counter and I could see in the back.  It was a mess, and that just makes me wonder.

I wanted to give this place 5 stars - I really did.  The food wasn't good enough to overcome the lackluster service and curt attitude.  The greens and corncakes were poorly done.  Strangely enough I will go back, but with lower expectations.

I have yet to find a soul food joint in Vegas that has friendly service, real good food, clean establishment and a decent piece of cornbread!
We were heading out to Red Rock and passed by this place.
Who doesn't like comfort food?

Especially fried chicken with okra which was the best I've had.
It's very welcoming and homey. The sides we got besides the okra was mac and cheese which was good too.

I just liked the overall feel of the place and the food was good. Can't ask for more than that.
I would come just for the corn bread and kool aid, the menu is simple and short, everything is done  well and quickly. The food, from the fried chicken to the fried snapper is moist and delicious. The service is friendly and attentive, from the wait staff all the way up to the owner. Great atmosphere, not far from the strip and fair prices make this restaurant worth the trip for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.
Food was delicious, with the exception of the green beans (possibly canned?) I recommend getting anything you order smothered. Fast friendly service! I'm definitely going back to try the gumbo as they were out of it when I attempted to place my order.
Best fried chicken in Vegas. Mac & Cheese is fantastic. The chicken and waffles are tough to pass on as well. Friendly staff always makes you feel welcome.
So far I cannot seem to find anybody who makes better Peach Cobbler than here. There could be more pastry in it and less soggy peaches, but overall its texture is not soupy like HnH or just flat out nasty like Happy's Pizza.  Until I find better I will eat their's.  Wish they had a sign outside like Kripy Kreme's so I could know when a fresh batch is done.
This place is amazing!!!!! Best fried chicken my taste buds have ever had.

Tip: This is not a traditional restaurant with a hostess stand, you have to look for an open table. If you have a large group, then let them know exactly how many and once a table opens up, they will make sure your group gets seated so a party of 2 won't sit at a table for 6.

The servers are all friendly and welcoming. We felt like we went to a friend's relatives house for dinner. 

Recent family vacation, we stayed at Red Rock and looking to grub. We wanted fried chicken and were going to hit up Canes (chain known for chicken fingers), but we were looking for a more sit down place. We Yelped nearby spots and found M&M Soul Food with 4 stars. We went in with a party of 9, We waited about 15 - 20 mins to be seated, but that was fine because were really busy. 

After being seated we knew what we wanted after looking at the menu and with our big appetites, we ordered everything. 
Appetizers: Hot wings, sausage links.
Entrees: Gumbo, 2 full orders of Fried chicken with gravy on the side. Chicken comes with 3 side items each and Cornbread pancakes

The hot wings were made perfectly crisp with the hot sauce on the side. I prefer it this way so you can actually taste the chicken. The entree fried chicken had so much flavor and right amount of crisp. It wasn't overly breaded like other places do to get that crunch. The gravy was not too salty, too thick, or too thin. And the gumbo, oh the gumbo was filled with meat. They filled that sucker with sausage, full crab legs, and chicken. Every bite had so much meat, flavor, and deliciousness! 

If you are looking for homemade chicken with lots of flavor and taste that will melt in your mouth, then definitely give this place a try.
The Smothered Fried Chicken was incrediable!!
Went for a quick dinner. I gotta say, from beginning to end, this place was fantastic. I really enjoy their food. I ate the Short Ribs 1/2 Order, wow, tenderness all the way. And I gotta say, Tonisha and Honey are 2 of the most awesome people, they are super friendly and make you feel at home (really the whole staff, but today both of these  ladies stood out). Getting back to the food, it was great, the short ribs were tender, and the collard greens were very tasty, no bitter like in some other places I've been. The one thing was that I had a hot link appetizer and it was over cooked just a bit and dry inside, but I blame myself because I ordered it after I got my dinner. 

I have also been here for breakfast/early lunch, and they breakfast items are really good. Everyone here makes you feel at home.

Thank you All.
Looking for a soul food place better than mama can make? This is it. I had the fried chicken with a side of Mac and cheese and greens. Wow! That was the bomb! Really good.
Best fried catfish evvveeerr!!!
I've had better yams and mac n cheese. Chicken and waffles were good but I think that'll change after I taste BurntSugars!
Ok...I'm always hesitant to go to a soul food restaurant. Although I hardly ever eat it now, I was raised on soul food in a family of the best soul food cooks ever. Today was my birthday and my partner surprised me with a trip to M &M. The facility seems very much updated from some of the pics that I've seen on Yelp. It has the feel of a diner. It was very clean and comfortable. I will say that I was a little paranoid with the security guard in front of me with a gun. Interesting, but I suppose I should be happy. 

The food...to my surprise...VERY GOOD! I had mac & cheese, collard greens, and potato salad. Oh...dare I forget...chitterlings. I was politely corrected...chitlins...I was always corrected as a child too... The corn bread that they bring before the meal was amazing. It was round, light, sweet, and YUM. Then came the meal. The collards were superbly cooked and seasoned. The potato salad was delectable. The mac & cheese was a tad dry,  but good. The "chitterlings" were scrumptious...people passed my table and were asking how they were. I think in general, people are scared to eat them. DON'T BE SCARED....just order and enjoy. My partner ordered rice and beans(just ok), yams (very sweet and good), and BBQ chicken. I was very disappointed in the chicken only because it seemed as if they took their baked chicken and put BBQ sauce on it. That's not BBQ chicken. The baked chicken was good and the BBQ sauce was good, but it wasn't BBQ chicken. Lol...

The service was really good. Our server was friendly, attentive, and helpful with food choices. Our food arrived quickly. The prices were comparable to other soul food restaurants. That's another topic that I won't even go into. Overall...a solid four and maybe 4.5 stars.
Yes this is real Soul Food, so yes, it is salty, and fatty, and oh so good!
They start you off with cornbread pancakes, the most fluffy, buttery little flapjacks you've ever had, and they keep them coming all throughout the meal (so you can get very full just on those!). Drinks are served in jam jars, of course, and anything other than water costs around 2-3$, including red Kool-Aid.
They have two specials : One serving of your main dish and two sides, or two servings of your main dish, and three sides.
One is enough for me, and I get the battered and fried catfish strips with fried okra, sweet potatoes, or potato salad. The fish is always right out of the frier hot (they warn that fried foods may take up to 20 minutes, so be prepared) and very crispy. They serve it with lemon and you have vinegar at the table if you need it. 
We have had three of their four desserts: Sweet Potato pie, Peach Cobbler, and the Banana Pudding. All are ridiculously yummy.
My boyfriend has had the smother fried pork chops, and the chicken and waffles, both of which he say are really amazing and filling.
My review is based on the entire experience. Food & Service. 

Let me start off by saying that my family and I went here on a Sunday night. Probably should have known that the wait was going to be a little longer than usual. 

When we walked in, the place was PACKED. The poor little waitresses were running around trying to serve everyone as best they could, but the amount of people seemed to be overwhelming. I'm pretty forgiving so the wait (which was close to an hour and fifteen minutes WITH a toddler) was ALRIGHT. Good thing I had my phone full of kid-apps to keep my little guy entertained. Our waitress probably popped over like 2 times in that hour and fifteen minutes. I feel like she could have popped over a few MORE times, but she seemed so exhausted and overwhelmed, I really just felt bad for her. 

What really bothered me was our food. First off the served us these little corn cakes, but after waiting forty minutes, I contemplated asking the waitress to give us two more batches because we were famished at that point. 

When the rest of our food came out (fried chicken, greens, beans, mac n cheese for my boyfriend and another order of fried chicken, this time smothered in gravy and the same sides for me and my little guy) My boyfriends food was hot but I found it odd that mine was cold. I feel like they fried the chicken, left it out for an hour to cool, THEN dumped the luke warm gravy on it. The sides were pretty good. The collards were very flavorful and had a little kick, the beans had just the right amount of seasoning and the mac n cheese was creamy but it would have been nice to have a little bit more cheese. 

AGAIN, the place was EXTREMELY busy and I'm pretty forgiving; just maybe keep in mind what day you try to come in. And really, I can wait for a while before I start to get really agitated, but I just ask that my food be HOT when it comes out ESPECIALLY having to wait that long. We'll definitely come back ....... on a not-so-busy day.
Some of the best soul food I have had in Vegas. Mac and cheese was excellent.
Soul food gon' set my soul on fire!  For years I've passed by M&M without ever having the urge to stop and taste the cooking.  Being a fan of chicken n' waffles, I was told by a daily consumer to check the place out.  I came by on a busy Saturday afternoon and boy this place was packed and jive'n.  I ordered without hesitation the Chicken N' Waffles (which is served all day and all night long) and my party placed an order for the Smothered Fried Chicken and the Seafood Gumbo.  The joint was alive with nonstop chatter and played r&b hits from the 80's and 90's.  Our grub was served in no less than 20min.  During our wait, we were constantly bombarded with the warmest most succulent cornbread to come in contact with my tastebuds.  Despite the afternoon rush, our server was very un-rushed, attentive and kept it coming with the cornbread!  The fried chicken and waffles came out in a dish of 3 chicken wings and 2 waffles with a side of butter and syrup.  The wings were fried to saving grace perfection.  Not too salty and not too greasy either.  The waffles were soft and delicious and it seemed like they were made from the same cornbread ingredients.  My life is f'n good.  I got to take a small bite of the smothered fried
chicken which was the bomb-diggity and  finished off the left over seafood gumbo.  The gumbo was delish!  Slightly spicy and tangy.. all with a mix of okra, sausage, rice and crab legs.  The gumbo came in a large bowl and ran about $15.  Ain't nothin' better than listening to baby-making Babyface music and makin' love to my fave dish!  Ultimate food-porn!
Everytime I go to Vegas, I need to come here off the strip. Well worth the drive!

Service - The servers are so happy and helpful. They are very accommodating and will answer any question you have about the menu. I've never had once a complaint about them

Food - AMAZING. Fried Chicken and the Catfish are great. They also serve sides of cornbread (HoeCakes) to start.... hmm they are so tasty.  I love getting their lemonade to wash down the grub that this place has.   

Ambience - They have upgraded and remodeled the place. So the seats are much more comfortable and their's A/C on those hot days.  Good for small/big groups!

$ - Totally affordable. If you're in Vega$, definitely super cheap!!!
I'm sorry but I grew up eating soul food plus I'm from Chicago where we have the best soul food restaurant every, shout out  MacArthurs miss ya!.  I was very disappointed.  The best thing I had was the cornbread hotcakes.  Just glad I had a coupon....
This place has been busy every time we've been, and understandably so. The food is consistently good and the servers are always friendly. Even the cook has popped out now and then to give us a friendly nod of recognition. The fried chicken is just great, as are pretty much all the sides I've tried : red beans and rice, green beans cooked with bacon and potatoes, rice and gravy, etc.,, but my absolute faves are the yams in syrup - always hot and the perfect amount of sweet, and their amazing cornbread dressing that I wish I could make at home. I would be the Queen of Thanksgiving! Banana pudding would put a smile back on Paula Deen's face. My only quarrels: I wish they were open a little later - 8 pm comes awfully quick, especially in summer, and I know it's soul food, but I wish they at least offered a couple of lighter options like fresh fruit or green salad. Again, in summer, gravy-covered everything can get mighty oppressive.
Thanks to other Yelpers here we found this amazing gem, my family and I thoroughly enjoyed our 1st family dinner here in Las Vegas.  The food is very authentic, scrumptious and absolute heaven for our taste buds.  The staff are very sweet, charming,friendly and very attentive to us; their smiles are genuine and an added bonus to our wonderful experience at M&M  . I am absolutely recommending this wonderful establishment.
my 1st real soul food cafe, so if i find better, i'll have to bump down to 4 stars to be legit.   the staff are wonderful in every way, & friendly.  i like that the place is huge, so plenty of seats.  the 3 sides i had were worth getting again , & again.  the smothered fried chicken was juicy(very important) & the gravy was the best i've had in my 44 years.  more choice of hotsauces would be great.   i'll go outta my way for this place.  fun, friendly, unhealthy, exciting & tasty
Came to lunch with my girlfriend ... Good Southern food and the staff is amazing !! Luv Angie & Stephanie !! I will say it was a Lil hot in there, turn the air down :)
The best friend chicken my husband and I ever had! And their gravy is so Yums! Pick a side, any side and you won't be disappointed. We enjoyed the pancake bread they give you before your meal too. Mmmm! Don't forget to get their sweet tea or their muddy water! We had lunch there today, and we wanna go back for dinner! Yup! If not tonight we are definitely returning!
Came in for an early Monday night dinner.  Got seated right away. I had Cherry Kool-Aid to drink, and the first sip immediately brought me back to my childhood. I love how food/drink can do that to you. Unlimited refills, but $2.50 seemed expensive for just Kool-Aid. They serve cornbread... in pancake form! Kind of quirky at dinner but I like quirky and they were actually really good! 2 thin pancakes served on a plate per person. It already made me want to come back and try their breakfast menu. I ordered the BBQ Chicken (white meat, 1/2 portion) and it was delicious. The meat was really tender and fell right off the bone. I wouldn't say it was actually BBQ chicken, but rather chicken they made and poured some great BBQ sauce on top of. I just wished the portion was bigger for the price. All I had was a tiny breast and tiny wing under globs of sauce. My husband had the meatloaf (full platter, which is 2 slices instead of 1) which was very bland and unimpressive. As for sides, we liked the fried okra, yams (really sweet!), and rice & beans. The mac & cheese and black-eyed peas were just okay. I would've liked to have tried their dessert but we decided to save that for our next trip here.
The service was friendly and somewhat attentive.
This review wouldn't be complete without mentioning the huge security guard that manned the restaurant. I guess it might be considered a sketchy neighborhood (they close at 8pm - kinda early?) but I couldn't decide whether I felt safer or less safe with his presence. You couldn't help but notice the firearm on his belt in plain view.
Service was good. Just dont get the fish. It was hard and very fishy we did wait about a half an hour to get our food. But that was fine they were busy. The only reason I am giving this 3 stars is because my boyfriend had the chicken and waffles and they were awesome. So I will go back but I will just be ordering the chicken and waffles. There sweet tea was good to.
The corn pancakes are the stars of this restaurant. It sets your palate up for the greasy salty fried chicken. Arnold Palmer is a must to wash down some of the grease lingering in the esophagus. Food comes at a Southern pace too. It's OK though, just eat more corn pancakes. Service is excellent and the owner swings by every so often. Southern hospitality! Reminds me of my childhood in Mississippi (I have to sing the song every time I spell this state)!
It's not just the fantastic down home cooking although the Fried Catfish and fresh southern cooked vegetables are to die for. It ain't even the fact that the place is squeaky clean and no frills. It's the staff and make it a great place to go, they are courteous, welcoming and attentive.
Great place to go and enjoy everything M&M's has to offer.
WHO: To anyone and everyone who hasn't had a little soul food in their lives, be my guest! & to those who have had soul food, go ahead and have some more!

WHY: If you're hungry, YOU'RE HUNGRY!

WHEN: The cafe is open Monday-Sunday from 7am-8pm.

WHERE: Located on Charleston & Valley View.

WHAT: I have been waiting all month for this day to come! My girlfriends and I have been planning a lunch date to the cafe and we finally pulled through!

First and foremost... hands down the best customer service ever! All of the servers were phenomenal, kept coming back to give us water, asking if we were okay, and the owner (or who I believe was the owner) came to our table to greet us and asked if everything was fine. 

As I was looking through the menu, I was overwhelmed with excitement and full of joy! I ordered the full fried chicken (white meat) and it came with three sides. I chose macaroni & cheese, potato salad, and collared greens. I personally loved the collared greens, but the sides were okay. The chicken, on the other hand was cripy, well-seasoned, and delicious!! OH YEAH! HOW COULD I FORGET! Prior to bringing your meal out, they give you corn bread pancakes, which I absolutely love! The perfect flavor & goodness, I wanted more!

I was so happy about everything, I ordered pork chops to go for my brother (which I also snagged a piece). That was really good too!!

BIG UPS TO M&M SOUL FOOD, AS I WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK!
Every time I visit Las Vegas I eat here at least twice. The best southern soul food ever. Great menu with large portions. Super friendly staff and good prices. You have to try the muddy water (ice tea & lemonade mix). It comes in a mason jar!
very good service food was alright.
It really is a good as everyone says.  We went with a big group so I was able to taste a little of everything...

Fried Chicken - really favorful 
Fried Catfish - 1 piece was a little over cooked making it tough but the flavor on the breading was fantastic.  The second piece was perfect
Ox Tail - (what I ordered) Meat falling off the bone goodness.  Plenty of natural grave and juices that the smoothering of the house gravy was almost not neccesary.  It is a bit gristly for those who are squimish on fat but that's what give ox tail such flavor.
Sides - Fried okra was the star though they were all good.  Mac and cheese underwhelmed a bit.

Will definitely go back for more!
Great food and great staff!! The BBQ chicken was so soft and tender and if they had such a thing as bottomless banana pudding I don't think I would ever stop.
Came here for my first taste of Chicken and Waffles.  Now, no place compares.  The waffles are amazing, the chicken is good, the ox tails melt in your mouth, the corn cakes are fought over and the kool aid is heaven.  I bring all my friends here when I'm in Vegas and everyone loves it!  Servers are friendly but I'm usually the only Asian person there which feels kinda weird. Orgasmic eye rolls every single time I'm there but too bad they seem to forget to bring me extra corn cakes when I ask :(
I don't know if I came on a bad day or what, but I didn't enjoy the food here. The staff and atmosphere was great and friendly, don't get me wrong. I just didn't enjoy the food as much as I thought I would. I ordered the catfish and oxtail, which were actually really good! It's just the sides that were below par. The macaroni was bland and didn't taste much like cheese at all. Even the table behind me made a complaint to the waitress about the macaroni. The greens were cut into strips, which was a little weird, and they weren't soft or flavorful like how good greens usually are. The mashed potatoes and gravy was very bland also, with no real flavor. I think the sides are just important as the main dish, so the poor quality of the sides really hurt this restaurant from shining as a good soul food spot in Las Vegas. Maybe I'll take another trip in a few months to see if they've made any changes.
I saw all the reviews on Yelp and decided to try it out.  The food was really good. We tried the chicken and fish and was not disappointed.  The peach cobbler and most importantly the banana pudding was my favorite.
Best chicken and waffles ever! I came here for the first time in Feb with some friends and family, the people were friendly, their service was EXCELLENT and food is mouth watering! So soo soo good!!  I recently went back a couple weeks ago with some friends, and got the same great service. I am from the San Francisco bay area, and refuse to eat at the chicken and waffle places out here. They are nothing compared to M&M. This place is the best of the best! Ever since I ate at M&M back in Feb I will never eat at another soul food restaurant except for this one.  Next time I go back to Las Vegas this will be my first stop! I highly recommend it to anyone who likes soul food, or just good food in general.
on my trip to vegas, my friends raved about this place so we stopped by on sunday afternoon. While the service was super friendly and the prices were great, I can't say that I was impressed at all. First they brought us the cornbread that's like a griddle cake, super thin and sweet. Not terrible but nothing special. I got the smothered fried chicken, cabbage and yams. I've never had smothered chicken and I don't know why I decided to try it that day, but I wish I had left that nasty brown gravy off of otherwise decent fried chicken. The cabbage was so bland, I couldn't even finish it. The yams were super sweet, as if they were only seasoned with white sugar. I don't think this place was terrible, like I said the customer service was prompt and friendly and the prices were very good. But the food could be better if it was seasoned better.
Worth the trip for the peach cobbler alone, seriously, get it. Great and super friendly service and food made with love!
This place has some of the best soul food I have ever tasted at a restaurant!

For starters, they serve cornbread pancakes. A unique offering and they were quite tasty. We had the links and chicken wings as appetizers. The links were okay and the chicken wings were good.

The muddy water drinks were awesome (according to my husband, I had water).

For the main entrees, we had the fried chicken. It was perfect. Seasoned just right, juicy, and not greasy. For the sides, we had the mac and cheese - perfect, not heavy; yams - great, not too sweet, melt in your mouth fabulous; greens - cooked just right, not over cooked or salty. 

Note - The hubby got the chicken smothered in gravy. He loved it, but I did not care for the gravy at all. 

The desserts were wonderful as well. We had the banana pudding (yummy goodness) and the sweet potato pie. 

It was an extremely busy day when we visited, and a bit chaotic, but the service was still awesome. Our waitress was very nice and made sure we were well taken care of.

Great job M&M!
The food at M&M Soul Food is outstanding. Red Kool-Aid started my meal off on the right foot and the cornbread, chicken, greens and mac & cheese were perfection. The staff was very friendly and the owner even came outside to chat with us as we were leaving. I will definitely be back!
Heard about this place and had to visit... Excellent food, service and laid back atmosphere... My son and I will be back soon! It was just what we craved.
M&M, why do you have to be all the way in Vegas? Why can't be you be in San Francisco so I can eat at your place all the time? I know why because you don't want me to weigh 500 pounds. Thank you M&M for your delicious fried chicken. Can't wait to visit you again.
These people know how to do fried chicken. OMG! SO freakin good! We had to wait for a table in the mid afternoon so we all decided to sit at the counter. This is the best fried chicken I have ever had. For my sides I got the stewed cabbage, potato salad and mac n cheese. Everything was good. Service was also pretty good. We were the only asians eating here but that was fine with us. Thanks to my friend's bf, we were introduced to soul food the way it's supposed to be. The skin on the fried chicken was so crispy and buttery it has to be made with lard! They give you 3 pieces of chicken and three sides along with a corn bread pancake. I was so happy leaving this restaurant.
Frankly, disappointing... and overpriced!. And my wife, a true Southern Belle, was so looking forward to some good home cookin'. Food was C+/B-, Service very good & friendly. Nice ambiance. But $25 for 2 lunch entrees and two ice teas??? Nope, not worth it. Sorry.
Muddy water and corn bread is the best here by far! I love their greens and their smothered fried chicken! Good service as well
The kool aid takes me back. Love the corn cake too!
I cannot wait to go back!  My friend and I went here for lunch, I've only heard amazing things about it and I've been dying to go. When we walked in, I think every waitress and waiter in the whole place greeted us. They were all so pleasant and seemed genuinely happy to be there and happy to serve. The food service was fast and the food was hot and delicious.

I ordered the smothered chicken, with macaroni & cheese and greens, and I was in heaven. Even after being smothered in their delicious brown gravy, the fried chicken was crispy, juicy, and cooked to perfection. The macaroni and cheese is made from scratch, you can taste all of the seasonings and cheeses melted into the noodles. Normally I'm a fan of really creamy macaroni and cheese but there was so much flavor to this, I couldn't say a bad thing about it. I loved the greens, they were cooked perfectly and very flavorful. My friend ordered the fried catfish, it was also cooked perfectly, the breading had just enough flavor to give the fish a little kick without overpowering the taste. Her fried okra was also amazing, the coating they use tastes amazing! Unfortunately, neither of us had room for dessert. =(

Oh yeah, and they serve Kool-Aid!
Best fried chicken & waffles ever. I love coming here whenever I'm in town. Great staff. The owner is very nice!
Very interesting little place. Very authentic southern food. I had the fried chicken with Mac and cheese and fried ocre. All very good, I'm giving four stars because I felt like the menu was a little small, like I wanted more choices on food. But overall, good for some fried chicken and waffles! Good service, too!
Great Food/ Cozy Atmosphere!! 

We we're seated as soon as we walked thru the door. About 2 minutes later, drinks were on the table. My companion and I both ordered the "muddy waters" ( half and half or Arnold Palmer).  They were good, not overly sweet or tart.. Since I am a vegetarian, I had the veggie plate ( 3 sides). My selections were mac & cheese, yams and fried okra. Everything was great and came out in no time.. This was my first time trying okra and it is something that I will have again!!! My companion had the Ox tail and she praised it with every bite!!!!! I ordered the banana pudding to go and it was simply amazing! 

Everyone there was friendly from the time I walked in the door until i left. After leaving, I felt like I just had dinner at a relatives.  The service was quick and very efficient. My waitress, Tasha was amazing!!! Yes I intend to visit again!!
The place was crowded and everyone spoke to everyone. When The customer enters the door saying good morning as if their at home.
It was very crowded even these good looking cops came in were friendly.  Breakfast was good. The only thing is I had to tell them to clean off the table because there was still was mugs and crumbs from last guest.I noticed  they clean the table when the customer is sitting.  That's a no no
Always fantastic. When I'm on that side of town and its lunch time, we def go.  This restaurant has the best soul food sides, hands down! The fried chicken is average, I've had better homemade. But I love the side dishes especially the fried okra and red beans and rice.
Are you freaking kidding me!!! I never like to write bad reviews however I could not pass this one up. I am from Chicago visiting Las Vegas and read the reviews about this food which seemed to be favorable. The food was so tasteless and unfulfilling. We order mac n cheese (must be velveeta- yuk) which was dry and separated. Greens favorless, Sweet potatoes not sweet and were very dry. Ordered baked chicken with dressing  (no dressing came home with my order), Fried okra (also was forgotten by the order taker).The side of green beans ($5.50) tasted like canned beans.  I was told that the catfish was just sub-par, nothing special. The rib looks to be dry.  This was soul food w/o any soul at all.  I am so disappointed.  I spent over $50.00 for three orders that I could have easily cooked myself but I am ill and needed food that was already prepared.  Would not recommend this place to anyone as I think the food was nasty and the service (order taker) was not fully capable of using her listening skills.

Oh and the corncakes tasted a little sweet.  Not to my liking!!!

Hopefully this was just a bad day in the middle of the week. Yikes!!!
I've never been to M & M 's in LV.  My husband & I came on a Sunday afternoon.  It wasn't crowded & the staff were attentive, but in your face every second so that you that you could not enjoy your food.  Good place to eat some good soul food. The staff, our waitress made it even BETTER!
They get a 4 because the person who took my order was really nice and they season their chicken really well. They didn't get a 5 because the chicken was dry, to clarify I did get white meat but I've never encountered this texture from other restaurants, and it was a boneless chicken breast with very little skin which is my favorite part. The sides were pretty good but the greens were a little lacking in flavor. For as packed as they were on a Sunday the floors were pretty clean and that's definitely a plus. I would come back again if I were in the area.
Some good and some bad here. Let's start with the bad. The sides. They were crap. Nothing good I can say about any of the sides. If they did a better job on all their sides, I'd give 5 stars. Nothing tastes fresh and homemade. It was all out of cans and really bad. Now for the good. The free hocakes we got were delicious. The hot link app was spicy and covered in BBQ sauce goodness. Now the best part, the smothered fried chicken. Where do they get such huge pieces of chicken??? My chicken leg was as big as a turkey leg!!! The gravy was legit. Chicken still had a bit of crunch to It even after the gravy blanket. The entire staff was super friendly and my kool aid was always full. Given that our table was the only table with Asians here, I did not feel out of place at all. Definitely coming back!!
Simply amazing soul food and great staff that make you feel right at home. And the price is right too!!!
Those cornbread pancakes are sooooo good! Those alone are worth making the drive here! 
Went in today with a party of 8 and basically everything is delicious. Their smothered chicken was really good. It came with 2 sides, I chose cabbage and collard greens, tried to go healthier since I'm already eating something fried and smothered in gravy. I got to try their yams, it's another must order. 
Angie was our server and she did an amazing job :)
Definitely going to visit again soon ~
Cornbread pancakes are pretty good but if Id come back it would definitely be for the smothered chicken and warm service. The chicken was Deeeeelish! Crunchy and juicy, absolutely amazing. And all staff was friendly and attentive. A place always earns points for their service. 
I will definitely avoid Mac n cheese and peach cobbler. Mac and cheese wasn't cheesy at all and the peach cobbler was way, WAY too sweet. 
I came to a conclusion that carry out food usually doesn't taste as good (even though I usually start eating it in the car, don't judge!). I will have to try them again for a sit down meal to draw a dedication...
WOW! Just...WOW! 

I used to work in soul food kitchen many many many years ago and haven't found another place that could compare...until one of my co-workers recommended this place! Now I really don't think you can get any better than M & M! 

I went at about 2pm on a Wednesday. Walking in the ambience is like a real soul food kitchen...authentic! The place was full of patrons but not packed...we were at a table and promptly served. You can get full orders with 3 sides or half orders with two sides. They also have a la carte food you can purchase separately. I ordered a full plate of red snapper with collard greens, red beans and rice and yams...DELICIOUSNESS!!! I got the full order with the intention on saving some for my late night work "lunch"...but it was soOOoOOooOoOo good!...Saving some to go just wasn't going to happen...and I ate it...ALL! The portions are generous but it does seem a little pricey. Honestly though...everything I ate was so savory and memorable to the taste buds that I don't mind the $20 bill just for myself! My coworker ate her full plate of pork chops, mac&cheese, cabbage and smothered stuffing too!!! 

TaShara was our server...and she was AMAZING! As a matter of fact EVERYONE that worked there was AMAZING! All were attentive to your needs and you didn't have to hunt anyone down if there was an extra order of banana pudding you need to go! You can tell they love their job and care about there service here!...you don't find that kind of positivity very often in restaurants...but that's what makes this place superb!...great staff with great attitudes and DELICIOUS food!
I had eaten several times at M&M before I started yelping.  I only realized today that I had never reviewed M&M.  The last time we ate here, I had the fried chicken with mac n cheese, dressing and okra.  The wife had the meatloaf with mashed potatoes, green beans and mac n cheese.  One of the things I love about M&M is that you get 3 sides with the full meals.  Of course, we had the crispy, sweet, thin cornbread pancakes.  These are great with some butter and honey.  

The chicken, as many yelpers note, is fantastic.  A textbook crispy crust reveals juicy chicken throughout.  They make it fresh, so it comes out HOT.  All of the sides are great, but the okra really stands out to me.  Maybe that's because whenever I find okra out in Vegas I get excited, but there is more to this okra.  The breading is seasoned, I don't know what with, but it adds something that other fried okra in town lacks.   The wife's meatloaf was covered in a flavorful brown gravy.  This was a moist meatloaf, not as dense as other meatloaves.  Excellent seasoning and veggies used in the meatloaf.  

I don't think you can go wrong here.  Excellent food served by friendly people.  Give it a shot.
I am truly sad that we waited 3 years to try this place out and now can't wait to come back!

We went in on a Friday night after a show in the strip. It does close early at 8pm, so beware but we got there around 7:30pm and everything was fine. It was super busy but we were seated within 2 minutes of coming in. The husband and I got Muddy Waters to drink and they were fantastic. My daughter got sweet tea and she needed to add more sweetener (she's a Texan, through and through). The cornbread pancakes they bring out before your food are yummy and a nice touch.

Service was excellent!

For the meal, I got fried catfish, yams, mac'n'cheese and fried okra. Everything was wonderful and it was the best fried catfish I have had since I moved out of Texas 11 years ago. I didn't even need the tarter sauce that I requested. And the friend okra? Divine! You can definitely tell it is hand battered and not that mushy bland stuff from a bag just tossed in the fryer. DH got the liver and onions, greens, fried okra and mac'n'cheese. He raved about his food, but I'll just have to take his word since I'm not a fan of liver or collard greens. DD got the half order of chicken with fried okra and mac'n'cheese. Her chicken was fabulous, crispy, juicy and flavorful.

We didn't have room for dessert and that made me sad, but $50 for all 3 of us including a tip, definitely made me happy. We will be back!
I have been going here for YEARS. The food is good and the staff is ALWAYS nice. 

PROS: Fried snapper
           Macaroni & cheese
           Oxtails
           Brown gravy
           Service/Staff
           Chitterlings
           Potato salad 
           Peach cobbler

CONS:  Cornbread stuffing (mine was super dry)
             Small portions for the chitterlings full order. 

I like taking out of town visitors here because the food is so good. Everyone I've taken has really liked it so I know it's a great place.  It's really hard to find chitterlings and I like theirs better than Soul Food Cafe but the portions are small. But they are small everywhere I've had therm.
oh my goodness the food here is good. the collard greens are cooked to perfection never over cooked or too dry. the oxtail and gravy great seasoning very moist easy to eat don't even need utensils. the cornbread stuffing tastes really good, but I'm not too sure on the cornbread pancakes. the service was good I didn't have any problems. the fried food is really good , but be prepared to wait.  they make it fresh they don't pre cook it and then just serve it. the chitterlings tastes really good but I was just a full order not the house.
Were in Vegas for one day and decided to stop here for lunch. They start you off with cornbread pancakes that are to die for. We all ordered fried chicken and couldn't be happier. Stephanie was our waitress and she was fantastic.
so i finally got up enough guts to ask for more pastry less peaches. what a difference! I gave the gentleman a lil Q&A but he shut me down with i gave u what u asked for, and yes indeed u did my man! good stuff.
Items Selected:
Fried Pork Chop, Grits, Buttermilk Biscuit, 2 Eggs Over Easy
Cornbread Pancakes
Chicken Breast and Waffles
Chicken Thigh
Banana Pudding
Sweet Potato Pie, light whip

A long-term member of my Las Vegas short list I'd originally planned to visit M&M Soul Food with a friend over a year prior when the flu confined me to my hotel room and as such perhaps it should have been no surprise when it was myself suddenly facing a last minute cancellation this time around, the resulting solo visit a bit of letdown in more ways than one.  Obviously not brought up on "Soul Food" but raised close enough to Detroit that it played a big part in childhood memories I've since sought out, those looking for collards, chitlins, or gumbo should be aware that none are available before noon on weekends (despite the online annotated 11am,) nor is fried chicken beyond the wing (though if you ask nicely they may be able to accommodate after a substantial delay...IE, the thigh arrived with dessert,)  and moving past these inconveniences be advised that service, while friendly, is constrained - a pair of young ladies and an elderly fellow managing a capacity crowd of ~80 with wait times up to an hour during my stay.  Moving past the 'issues' and onto the food and dcor suffice it to say that the interior replicates the faade and with a small kitchen at work behind makeshift walls the food arrived at an awkward pace with mixed results, particularly in the proteins where both pork chop and breast were dry and flavorless despite excellent, crispy breading while the thigh was expectedly more succulent but also far better seasoned, as if from an entirely different batch.  Speaking to the rest, mostly carbs and a pair of over easy eggs, it was in these items that M&M shined - the waffles a soft wheat batter and the 'cornbread' a pair of pan fried flapjacks needing only a touch of syrup to balance the savory notes, something neither the sweet potato pie nor the banana pudding would require at all - the former a well done classic and the second far more dense than any take on the dish I've found and all the better for it, a sort of bread pudding made with only a bit of liquid and a lot of ripe bananas juxtaposing softened nilla wafers.
Why is this place so loved? We've been wanting to know and finally tried them. We're from Cleveland, an old industrial town with real soul food, plus my partner cooks and comes from that tradition. 

I ordered BBQ chicken, cornbread dressing with gravy,  and mac & cheese. My partner had fried catfish, the same sides, plus potato salad, along with chitlins, since you can't find them easily. 

First, they brought out pancake-style cornbread that tasted a bit like a greased skillet.  My partner's entree arrived several minutes before mine, so I got a preview of my side dishes.  We were both surprised at the lack of seasoning. The dressing was a soft, gritty serving with no discernible flavoring other than some sage. No onion, salt, pepper- very odd.   The macaroni and cheese was somewhat hard, with congealed clumps of cheese. The potato salad was more like mashed-potato salad, the flavor wasn't horrible but it was mostly of sweet pickles. 

My BBQ chicken was a huge disappointment. Just a small, baked, drumstick and thigh with bottled sauce (it appears) poured over them. Huh? My partner's full serving of catfish was largely devoid of seasoning, although it was cooked all right. The extra $4 for the third side and half a piece of fish was not worth the price. 

The first bite of chitlins went into a napkin and were declared "awful."  I'm no chitlin eater- the smell alone was making me gag, but my partner, who has both eaten and cooked them, couldn't stomach these. 

The server was pleasant but never cleared the table or asked how we liked the food. With so many great ratings maybe she didn't think it necessary to ask. We won't be coming back.   We've done this better at home for less money.
Smothered pork chops, super sweet service, and complimentary sweet cornbread pancakes?
Okay, you have my attention!

Drove past this place several times and couldn't tell if they were open- found favorable reviews on Yelp and headed in the very next day with the BF. We were immediately welcomed by two lovely ladies who were super friendly throughout our visit- though sadly their names escape me.

I ordered the half order of smothered pork chops with sides of mac and greens, while BF went for their chicken and waffles. While our order was being made, we received the famous sweet cornbread pancakes- and sweet they are! Warm and tasty, but yes, super sweet- as is the muddy waters beverage my guy was drinking.

Orders came in, hot in fresh out the kitchen...
The chops are amazing. Second only to a fabulous place in Texas, but they're not kidding about that "world famous gravy"- it's downright decadent. Cant even find words to describe the flavor, but it's amazing. The chop was a good size and cooked well, too. Mac was a little on the dry side, and the greens were way too salty for our tastes- they may have been canned? In the future I'd just opt for two chops a la carte, but I'm a total glutton...

BF had the chicken and waffles and raved about them- I took a bite and the waffle was super sweet, and tasted like it was made with brown sugar. Yum, but too sweet for me, let alone for an entree. The chicken was good too- very crispy. BF says is the best chicken he's had in a damn long while. And he knows his chicken.

Would come back again, likely sticking to the chops for me. They also have a breakfast menu til 11AM- might have to check that out. I didn't see shrimp and grits on their menu, but if they ever offer it as a special I'd get my butt down there in a hurry!
Excellent, FAST service! The fried chicken was light and crispy, just perfect. I LOVED the yams and the macaroni was good as well. My husband also had black eyed peas and red beans and rice and was crazy for those also. We really enjoyed the corn cakes they give you before the meal. Overall great experience, I would go here more but it's a bit out of the way for us.
Great food and service!  Stephanie was our awesome server!  
Fried chicken and waffles were fantastic!  
They also bring you complimentary pancakes for an appetizer!  
Highly recommend this place!
Finally got here after years of "meaning to".  Great atmosphere and service. And the food was everything I'd hoped for. The chicken didn't disappoint and the sides were phenomenal. Tried the Mac & Cheese, cabbage & red bean and rice. Best southern cooking I've had in Vegas. Down to the mason jar glasses. Looking forward to my next trip and trying the waffles.
M & M's is the closest to home I've eaten when it comes to soul food.. I had fried catfish,  mac n cheese,  dressing, yams, hot water cornbread, and tropical punch mixed with kool aid.. The fish was fried to perfection with the perfect amount of seasoning.. The yams were a perfect combination of sweet goodness.. The dressing was perfect.. The mac n cheese, not good not bad.. The hot water cornbread was very tasty.. This review comes from a women that comes from a long line of amazing cooks and of course I'm one of them,  which means I'm pretty particular when it comes to food prepared by someone else.. In addition to the good food, the servers treated everyone with southern hospitality.. I would definitely recommend M & M's..
Friendly staff, affordable prices, and downright GREAT tasting food!  I've been here a few times and will definitely be returning.  The only drawback, though, is the location.  It's not in the safest of neighborhoods.  When the sun goes down, the area can give off a pretty sketchy vibe.  I wouldn't let my mother walk alone at night in this neighborhood.  This place still deserves a 5-star rating, though!
MMMMM mmm good!! I ordered the smothered white chicken, mac and cheese, cornbread dressing w/ gravy, and collard greens. 

Ok so I went the day after Valentine's Day and it was very very very BUSY!! I called my order ahead and they told me they were very busy and the wait time. No problem my Pregnant belly & I was so craving soul food. When I got there it was packed door to door.  I had previously called from car and asked for them to call me when my food was ready. I saw people were walking out left and right so I figured they were busy.

The owner Tim was very attentive giving me updates and checking w/ me and the hostesses were warm and very friendly. After looking at my reciept I realized I was overcharged for something. I called over the very lovely server Tashera and brought it to her attention. She quickly took ownership apologizing stating it is very busy it must've been an honest mistake. She then gave me the difference from her own tip money $5. She insisted I take it and I was really impressed by that. 

Anyhow I finaly got my food and was surprised they had added a complimentary banana pudding dessert I quickly got to my car and me and my pregnant belly were so very satisfied. It was sooooooooooo worth the wait!!!!
First of all, this is the exact kind of place that is difficult to find in Vegas.  It has that diner type feel, but with much better atmosphere.  Plus there is a age to the place makes is so rare in most places in Vegas, that feeling of history, but without any pretension.  The place was busy, and everyone was happy and eating.  The service was great.  The food was great.  The oxtail was amazing.  My wife thought her catfish might be the best she has ever had.  I could not stop eating the fried okra.  The gravy is amazing.  The only slight fault I could find was that some of the sides seemed a little under seasoned, but they do have salt on these tables.
One of my must-go places whenever in town. I personally never mastered cooking soul food, but why bother when you have places like this?! 

I usually order the catfish. It's perfectly seasoned and the sides are equally as good. The sweet tea is a bit too sweet for me, but that could also have to do with the fact that I'm usually visiting with a hangover. 

The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the ambiance. But just remember you're going for the food and the staff are great!
I came here for lunch around 1:30 pm with a friend. I ordered a half order or fried chicken (thigh and legg) and 2 sides (collard greens and rice with gravy). My server warned us that the food was going to take about 20 minutes. 
It took about 10 minutes to get my food. 
I seriously had such a hard time slowing down when I was eating. Everything was sooooo fricken delicious!! 
I even got a peach cobbler with ice cream on top.
With not many soul food avenues in Las Vegas. This is definitely one of the best. From their fried chicken to their macaroni. Definitely a Must VISIT!
First time here..very good soul food reminds me of the original in LA...clean, air conditioned, and fast service with a  very frindly staff...definitely goin back soon...I had the fried fish with yams, mac&cheese,and red beans&rice and hot links.. My wife had Red Snapper and same sides..they also give u these corn bread like pancake things that are delicious...highly recommended if you want some good ole southern home cookin with a smile
Delicious Smothered Fried Chicken! Greens are good too. Love the fact that they serve Kool-Aide and so does my kids. The Short Ribs are also delicious and super tender. The Oxtails are a must have.

If you goal is to locate premier Soul Food Restaurant (ready to fall asleep at the table once full) then this is your spot. Oh did I mention nice portions, a real bang for your buck. We love this place!
OMG. So glad we found this place. Breakfast was delicious. I had hotlinks, eggs, homemade biscuits. husband had liver and onions, eggs etc. Friendly, helpful staff. Not a fancy place but food is first rate with reasonable prices. Recommend highly!
We had a great time here today for lunch.. The waitresses were so nice and friendly.. The fried chicken was insane and i got mac n cheese, collar greens, and potato salad.. 

But i had to get desert fresh out of the oven sweet potato pie!!!! Dam im still kinda in food coma hours later....
Never ever have I had Kool Aid in a restaurant .... and I have to say it was AWESOME.   Chicken wings were juicy and crunchy, collard greens were great!!
Service was good,food was good, banana pudding so Good make you want slap your grandma
Was in the neighborhood and decided to check it out. I had the oxtail dinner with a side of mac n cheese, dressing, and collard greens. and sweet tea. I will review each item individually. 

Pros:
1. you are greeted immediately as you enter by friendly staff
2. I received complimentary pancakes

Cons:
1.wait. Took me five minutes to get my drink. I came in at 430 didn't leave until 5 with my food that i ordered to go. the menu does state extended times for fried dishes though
2. small portions for certain dishes, (oxtail)

Now onto the food:
1.Oxtails- I am Jamaican and we make oxtails differently but I wanted to try them southern style. I was a bit disappointed. There was mostly fat on the bone and I know oxtail is not the cheapest of meats but i should not pay near twenty bucks for a meal and get kiddie portions.
2. mac n cheese- it was nothing spectacular. You could tell whomever made this batch put way too much Lawry's season salt in it. because that's all I could taste. 
3. dressing- it tasted great but was a bit too mushy for me and smothered with gravy on top. The oxtails already had gravy and then more gravy was put on the dressing, too much gravy for me.
4. collard greens- again, nothing special. needed some more flavor and spice

5. sweet tea- I ordered it and got it in this little mason jar. Um, hello, I'm an adult. a bigger glass please. It was OK tasting as well.

lastly is the complimentary cornbread pancakes, or whatever you want to call them. I was puzzled by this. Since when does a soul food restaurant serve cornbread pancakes? What ever happened to traditional cornbread served square? And they were so thin!


Over all this place get 3 stars. idk about A-ok, it was just OK. I will return again though and try something else on the menu. this place isnt horrible, it isnt faboulous either.
3.5 stars. I've been there for breakfast and lunch. I think the waffles are whole wheat. not sure but they're great. I walked around the walls and looked at all the pictures. The oxtails were tasty
Been here several times and always am greeted with a smile. Love that the servers and hosts go out of their way to make sure you have everything you need and are satisfied with your dining experience. The fried chicken is so good and I'd definitely recommend having it smothered. They even have Kool-Aid. If you're in Vegas and you love soul food and service with a smile M&M is the way to go!
Went for lunch today and was greeted by a very nice server. Gave us cornbread pancakes to start off for free. Me and my boyfriend both ordered kool aid and it was good. I had the meat loaf and my boyfriend had the fried chicken. Food was pretty good. Side dishes we're yummy especially the Mac n cheese. Defiantly would go back.
Food is perfect.   We've been here for breakfast and dinner.   Have never had a bad meal.  Muddy water is the perfect mixture. Not to sweet    service is really quick.  If it was closer to my home I'd be there all the damn time
I went here for breakfast today, I ordered the liver and onions, two eggs, hash-browns and Home biscuit plus a Diet Coke...my total came to eight dollars. Awesome food! you don't find too many places that serve liver and onions anymore.
Best chicken wings and waffles ever! The corned beef hash was fresh and cooked to order. I absolutely love the muddy water!
Tried this restaurant as the husband was craving fried chicken.

The staff are extremely happy, polite, prompt and helpful.

We tried the fried chicken (both), mashed potatoes/gravy (both), macaroni and cheese (me), collard greens(him), and cornbread stuffing(him).

The cornbread pancakes  you get as you sit down are super tasty!!!
The fried chicken was cooked perfectly, we just wish it was seasoned a bit more.
Mashed potatoes/Gravy, they were okay but again lacking in seasoning.
Collard greens, according to the husband, absolutely fantastic.
Cornbread stuffing, unfortunately some of he worst he's had.
Macaroni and cheese, it was okay, but rather dry (could be because we got there just before closing).  Wish it had been creamier and a bit more seasoning.

We'll probably give it another try in the future.
Disregard the facade, this is a very old building in need of desperate remodeling but who cares about the outside? Is the inside that counts...you know..the soul.
Ok disregard the inside also and lets concentrate on what's really important,the food!
We were here for breakfast but didn't realized that breakfast is only served at certain time in the morning so we ended up ordering something else from the menu. This was our first time in an all soul food restaurant aside from Popeyes fried chicken so it took us a while to go through the menu to finally order their very popular fried chicken and waffles. Service is good but a little bit disorganized when they get busy, we were asked what we wanted to drink about 4 times from 4 different employees and we got the food before our drinks. The fried chicken was very good, it was crispy and moist and the waffles were outstanding, the thing is there are so many places that serve good chicken in town I'm not sure I'll be making this my number one fried chicken destination. I know, I didn't ventured enough and tried something more soul-ish like the liver and onions or the Chitterlings, maybe I'm not much into the soul thing, but I do want to come back sometime and try the seafood gumbo, but for the meantime I'll just stick with some chicken soup for the soul.
Some of the worst food I've ever eaten. First let me start by saying that the wait time to order our drinks was approx 15 mins. My date had to go find menus and let the waitress know that once again we're here. The food awful. The greens were salty and tasted like they're straight from a can, and if they're not, I have to say that someone has a special skill if they can make a collard green taste that bad. The cornbread dressing was a stiff blob of something with once again gravy that appeared to be from a jar or a can. The cabbage was the saving grace but for the fact that it had very little seasoning. The fried chicken was inconsistent, the wings were a tad greasy but weren't dried out like the chicken breast. The mac n cheese tastes like it looks, like dried paste. Look at the pictures that are posted they will tell you everything you need to know. There is no love and definitely no soul used in making the food at M&M. Don't waste your time.
so they have recently renovated this place finally! At least it is not as shabby as it was before, but still is not too chic... But i can't complain, the quality of the food is more important than the decor! As always love love love the chicken and waffles as well as the smothered pork chops! Love their corn bread too!!
Totally awesome!!!!  The food was excellent and our server Christine was even better.  I'm full and still have enough left over for another meal. Wish I lived in Vegas, I'd eat here everyday.
This place was awesome the first time I visited earlier this year but it was not the same on our recent visit. 

Chicken was fine. Collard greens delicious. Fried okra good. 

Waffles were not as crispy on the outside as last time, which made me really sad. 

Lastly...and most disappointing was that I saw a roach crawling on their wall near their kitchen. No one from the staff even noticed. 

It's too bad because I thought I found a gem the last time I stayed in Vegas.
Excellent service, yams were sweet and perfect.  Fried chicken was on point.  Meatloaf not so much, but still good. Cornbread pancakes were great.  Once again, food and staff are great!  Best of both.
I have had better soul food, which is why I can't give this place 5 stars. Our server was exceptional, I really couldn't have asked for better service. The place itself could use some updating, but it's all about the food, right? I wasn't impressed with the Mac N Cheese at all. It was blah and bland for a soul food restaurant. My own personal recipe is better. I also didn't care for the cornbread cakes, give me a slice of warm cornbread from a cast iron skillet! The side of yams were perfect. I could have eaten a whole plate of those. I also had the fried pork chops which were fine. My husband ordered the oxtails and they were finger lickin' good. This place didn't wow me, but I would return to try something else and maybe get a glass of Kool-Aid. The prices are reasonable too.
Wow! From the fried chicken, to the sides everything is homemade deliciousness, those corn meal flap jacks are awesome and don't leave with out some banana pudding.  We'll be back for sure.
Mississippi potatoes, excellent, great omelet, grilled biscuit, all awesome, staff is also always great.  I try to go every time I am in Vegas.
The service here was fantastic and I was pleasantly surprised with my food. I had the catfish that was cooked to perfection with two delicious side. But I plan on going back soon for those yummy cornbread pancakes and some muddy water. The place needs a little make over inside but I guess that doesn't matter with food that good.
Went to this place for Sunday lunch with my man and it definitely leaves a lot to be desired. The serving staff is a delight however that does not compensate for the tasteless soul food. I had dark meat fried chicken with greens and macaroni & cheese... My other half had smothered chicken, black eyed peas and greens. Why we both choose those dreadful greens, I don't know. The chicken was old, the mac was something out of a box and the greens... Well they tasted like someone picked them out of a garden and threw them in salt water. We both had this muddy water drink... watered down country time lemonade and generic iced tea. 
On the bright side, the staff was very friendly and helpful. So if I was looking to make friends, I guess I would revisit but I wouldn't go back if I was hungry.
This is a small place. If you weren't looking for it you'd pass it for sure. I ordered this to eat for lunch at work one day. I called ahead and they told me how long it would take. I got there a little before the time they gave and the employees were kind of picking fun at my accent. The food was cold and the only real item that had any flavor was the chicken and it was smothered in barbecue sauce
Building is old, the inside is... different but the food was actually pretty good. Their waffles are better than Ella Ems but that was about it. Oxtail was decent, their sides (mac/potato salad/mash) were decent. The service was very good though.  

This is a place i'd try again if i was in the area.
Oh wow! 

This place reminds me of home every time I am there, good ole soul food! The place is always extremely clean and the service is always out of this world. Usually my other half and I split something and unlike a lot of places in Vegas they don't say a word about it!

I think we have been here six or seven times, and I just can't tell you how good they are, the corn cakes are excellent and I could make a meal out of them alone! The meatloaf is seasoned perfectly, the fried chicken is so worth the wait and I just can't say enough good about this place. The only knock is the shopping center is kinda run down that they are in, but that isn't their fault!

Cheers!
The fried chicken was really good. It reminded me of the south. The friend chicken was really good, the greens were really good. My lady had the links which tasted good as well. The only downside is that visiting its pretty far off the strip in a run down shopping center but other then that nothing to complain about
Hubby and I just waddled in from the Sunday Buffet at Ross's. We met the husband and wife owners who were both very charming, and sat down to some great soul food including:

*catfish (with a light cornmeal breading, these flash fried nuggets were simply the best I have ever had)
*fried chicken (very well seasoned and delicious)
*beef brisket (good flavor, could have been more tender, amazing BBQ sauce that tasted like a kicked up apple butter to me)
*meatloaf (usually I am not a fan, but this was delicious, with very little filler)
*seafood gumbo (decent, spicy, but too thin for Hubby's taste- he likes his file style)
*mashed potatoes (boxed, but super smooth)
*green beans (canned, salty and yummo, with a ham hock floating around in there)
*spicy yellow rice with matchstick carrots (well flavored, beautiful dish)
*cornbread (not sweet enough for Hubby, but I thought it was awesome)
*collard greens (Hubby liked them, but for me, they are still an acquired taste)
*potato salad (good, mustardy Southern staple with pickle and egg bits)
*coleslaw (more vinegary than creamy, with pickle bits, definitely zingy and totally delicious)
*hot wings and green salad (which neither of us tried)
*peach cobbler (lemony with lots of cinnamon, it was awfully sweet, but still had warm bits of still crispy pie crust)
*lemon pound cake (super moist- this was our favorite of the desserts)

With many more hits than misses, Ross's is a place we will go again for sure. The Sunday Buffet was a tad pricey at $16.99 each and $2.00 for a drink, but the atmosphere was bright and comfortable, and being able to choose among such a variety and have a little of just about everything made it worth it.
Has Gone Out of business
This place is disgusting!  Stay far far (so that it's all mine...mwa ha ha haaa....) away!  Disregard my four stars!

IMO, soul food can be really really good, or it can be really really bad.  With a little coaxing from a co-worker, we decided to go head over there to decide once and for all.

The menu is a little confusing, but if you go with a veteran or ask, it starts to make some sense.  There's all sorts of things that look tempting, but for my first try, I go with the southern fried chicken with mac and cheese and fried corn.  One of the gals with me gets the smothered pork chop....and loves every bite of it.  Not bad...

On my second visit, I've now tried the Grandma's Gumbo.  I wish I had gotten that the first time....Grandma sure knew what she was doing.  Even my Louisiana friend who tried a bite was swooning.

The Gumbo is a nice rich broth and sneakily hides all of its goodies within.  As you start to stir the gumbo around, you start to see big gigantic chunks of shrimp (perfectly cooked), spicy sausage, actual crab legs (claw parts too, not just the stick legs that would embarrass any self respecting crab), and the flavors just meld together so well.  All this is served on the gooeyest rice ever.  Absolute delishisness!

But I'm not here to talk about the Gumbo, for there is yet another tempting treat that I've so far gotten five people hooked to.

This disgustingly yummy treat goes by the name of Peach Cobbler.  It's a cobbler like no other I've ever had.  Not to mention the creamy scoop of vanilla ice cream you can get with it.

The only thing holding me back from tacking on five stars is that it is a little pricey for some items, but then again, it's not fast food.  Also, wait for your food is a little strange, especially when you're with a party.  Not everyone's dishes come out all at once.  

Great all around comfort food in a comfy setting.  It's a nice getaway from the job, that's for sure.
Wow, I usually dont write reviews, I just read up to see where is a good place to eat. This place is amazing and definetly needing more positive reviews. 
Tucked away in a corner of a strip mall this place has amazing southern food. The fried green tomatoes were perfectly seasoned and delicious. My wife had fried chicken, which was very juicy and the batter was perfect. I had the pork chop which was not just one pork chop, but TWO huge porkchops smothered in gravy.  The fried okra is the way okra is supposed to taste crunchy and yummy. Usually I had to settle for Cracker Barrel for okra(which wasnt that great), but now I know where to go for comfort food. 
The menu has a big variety not just fried food. They had baked spaghetti, po' boys, chicken, pork. 
The dessert's are all made from scratch, we had the peach cobbler and it was to die for.
I'm a huge fan of Southern/Cajun/Creole/Soul food and I really thought that this restaurant missed the mark a little bit and I was especially disappointed because it is not far from my house.

It's a not too busy restaurant in a strip mall that seems to possibly be family owned.  I ordered the gumbo, but they were all out so I went with the crispy catfish with a side of macaroni and cheese.  My husband ordered the fried chicken with potato salad and coleslaw.  While we waited, we were brought some cinnamon biscuits that were pretty tasty.  His was definitely the standout order.  The fried chicken was very good and I would go back to order it.  He said the potato salad and coleslaw were fantastic.  My catfish was so-so and the macaroni and cheese was dry, as if it was baked a lot earlier in the day.  The sweet tea was very good and I savored every drop.  I decided to end the meal with some good ol' peach cobbler.  The crust was very good, but I was super disappointed to find canned peaches as the filling.  I really thought for a small, independent restaurant there would be fresh peaches.  Bummer.

I'll go back again, but I'll either give the gumbo a shot or stick to the fried chicken.  I am interested to try the fried green tomatoes though.  Bottom line: a good, not great dining experience for the soul food craving.
We went and the food was pretty good with the pork chops I had (thou they were out of several things that we attempted to order) the service was pretty good as well.

Unfortunately they had some chic (name escapes me) "singing" in this little place and made it almost impossible to have a conversation with the 3 of us.  We would probably go back, but the music was a huge turn off.
This is one of my favorite little places to indulge some guilty pleasures and it's a nice change of pace from the typical tacos.  The first thing you notice is the atmosphere is very simple and welcoming.  The menu is on the wall along with dozens of signatures of athletes and entertainers from all over the country.  Although I do not profess to be from the south I have heard from enough people who are to know that this is the real deal.  Authenticity aside Mrs. White's is just great comfort food at a reasonable price.  They have your basics like fried chicken, collard greens, red beans and rice to name a few.  I love the homemade lemonade that comes in huge glass and I am told the sweet tea is very good too.  If you get a chance to break free for a weekday lunch downtown then I suggest trying it out.  Just make sure you workout a little harder the next time.
Mrs. White's is the biggety bomb! 

I don't know how else to say it. I can't believe there was only one review so far. This place deserves better!

If you like southern aka food, this is the spot. It is 100% authentic.

My favorites - anything on the menu.

The collard greens are perfect.

The okra gumbo is perfect.

The fried chicken, plain or smothered (in gravy) are perfect.

The pork chops are perfect. Just don't tell my Rabbi I said that. ;)

The catfish is perfect. DOn't tell my Rabbi about that one, either, mmkay?

The cornbread is perfect.

The red beans and rice... perfect.

Starting to see a pattern here?

A few tips:

Get there early. They start to run out of stuff if you show up too late.

You can order a meal and then things by the piece. Like, order the catfish and a chicken thigh or something.
 
They don't have soda. They do have tea. Sweet tea (already sweetened - too sweet for me but very authentic southern) or unsweetened.

Order extra cornbread. It comes with the meal but you'll thank me.

If you don't have room for dessert, get it to go. The peach or whatever cobbler they have is kick ass, as is the bread pudding.

You will get seated and then order. They don't bring a bill to your table, you go up to the counter when you're done, tell them what you ordered, and pay there. That's why it's called the 'Mrs Whites Golden Rule.' Make sure to leave a good tip. They deserve it.

Being a regular will get you better service, but you aren't going there for the service. You're going there to eat. 

There's a good chance you'll spot some Phoenix sports stars. I don't know who they are because I don't follow sports, but you can pretty much pick em out.

They are only open for lunch. 

That's pretty much all you need to know. Bring your friends or coworkers, enjoy, and plan to endure a 3 hour food-induced coma when you're done.
Everything here tasted like fried chicken, which is a good thing if you like fried chicken.   The catfish I had also tasted vaguely of chicken...also Mrs White used the same batter for both...very light and crisp...though I must admit to preferring the touch of cornmeal like the way that they do it at Lolo's.    Mrs. White's also got some mean chicken fried steak here.

All the meal platter work out to be $11 (after taxes) and you get choices of 2 sides.  

Good solid rendition of soul food:  3 stars place with extra points for longevity.
OH YEAH...I chose to eat here because I read about it in some magazine and it sounded unique.  My husband and I took our real estate broker with us, a guy a little younger than us who loves to eat as much as we do. I ate the catfish, black eyed peas, collard greens and yams...I ate it ALL! We all shared the peach cobbler. I think I scared our RE Broker who was with us...he said he had never seen a regular sized woman eat so much at one seating...yeah, I can eat! 

I don't remember what my husband or our friend had but we were all happy and it was all amazingly good...I love soul food and this was the best I think I've ever had.
I ate at Mrs. White's today with my husband and several of his co-workers. It was generally agreed that the fried catfish was one of the best items, but needed some seasoning. Perhaps they have reduced the salt in an attempt to keep (alive) their best customers. The chicken fried steak was really bland and tough, but the crust was nice and crispy. The gravy was a bland chicken gravy, not the typical white gravy with pepper. My chicken was pretty good, but when I told my server at LoLo's a few months ago that I liked their chicken better than Mrs. White's, I thought she might fall over with incredulity- and sheer joy. Hubby's ground beef steak was pretty good- definitely more tender than his co-worker's CFS. Everyone really liked their vegetables (which are all made without meat products) and the cornbread may have been the biggest hit of all. 

A full meal with meat and 2 sides plus cornbread is now $10.18 with tax ($11.02 total) and a drink is an additional $2.17 with free refills. What they list as a "sandwich" on the menu is actually just a meat item (no veggie sides) and some bread. 

Hubby needed some banana pudding, which turned out to be really delicious- homemade, full of bananas and 'nilla wafers, and warm. 

Over $30 for a lunch for 2 is more than I would normally care to pay, especially when it was not all that stellar. Before the angry mob shows up on my doorstep, however, let me say that the longevity and history of Mrs. White's is worth it, and that it is a true Phoenix institution I will continue to patronize. The grandkids at LoLo's have surpassed their elders in virtually every way, however, and that is how it should be, really.
This place is so cool! The menus are on the walls in sharpie along with signatures from a lot of local athletes. They will not present a bill to you, but rather trust you to tell them what you ordered and pay the correct amount. The food is great, artery clogging, and comes in huge portions. I like the smothered chicken with yams and green beans, and order it every time. I always want to sleep off the rest of the day too. Saturday they do a great rib plate. Good spot for those working or living in the city.
Whenever I feel the urge for a gravy fix, I head straight over to Mrs. White's. I almost always order the pork chops - smothered. OMG gravy goodness running all over the plate! As for the sides, just pick one - they are ALL good! 

There isn't much that I can add to the other reviews, except that I have actually called Mrs. White's before holiday potlucks and had them whip up some extra cornbread for me to take. They always seem a little tickled at the request, but have never refused and it allows me to focus on the festivities (not to mention everyone expects it now).

If you are looking for really good food in a unique and relaxed setting Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe should not be missed.
Awesome food, the best place in Phoenix to go for soul food.  If you have good manners, you'll get good service( yes mam, please, thank you...etc)
Oh my god.

Seriously.

The fried chicken is so light and crisp, I thought this dead bird was going to fly right off my plate.

The collard greens--you'll want to slap someone for serving you greens that didn't taste like this.  They are a gift from on high, and the black eyed peas are insanely good.  Redolent with pork and seasoning, they trump any black eyed pea you have ever had.  

Cornbread is grilled and isn't the dry, crumbly, cakey crap some places have the gall to give you, and the macaroni and cheese is soupy, cheesy and perfectly cooked, just like you wanted.

I saw plates literally overflowing with smothered pork chops and chicken, and if I hadn't been full to the point of a coma after eating all the chicken and greens and mac and cheese I could hold, I would have ordered some.  Or catfish.  Or neck bones.  

Desserts offered by one of the ladies who cooks walking through the dining room going "Who's gonna have peach cobbler?".  Who??? ME!  That's who!  Peach cobbler...are you kidding?  Do people say no??

Meals are ONE PRICE, period, ($10.18 with two sides and cornbread)and you better bring cash.  The lemonade was excellent ($2.37).


Oh my god, what wouldn't I have given to be a cow, with four stomachs.  It's worth going back to Phoenix for.  Stop here before you drop off your rental car.  You'll thank me.  So will your cardiologist.
We have been going to Mrs Whites for years now. We would go there as a treat every so often because there food was fantastic. Unfortunately it has really gotten pretty bad in the last year or so. Its really sad to, we loved Mrs Whites but not anymore. 
    The last couple times we went the food was pretty sub par. The portions were much smaller and the quality and taste was rather poor. A couple of times ago we went with myself, my mother and my brother. I dont want this to sound racist but I feel it needs to said. I felt like we were definitely the wrong color to be eating there. 
   The service was ok but i noticed it was much better for the "locals" who were there at the same time. We ordered and sat and waited for our meal. I watched as some of the people around me were brought the same thing I had ordered and it looked fantastic. Nice big pieces of chicken with large portions of sides. 
    Well finally our food came and what a disappointment. Our portions were MUCH smaller then everyone elses and the sides were about half the size. My mother ordered catfish, (her favorite thing there) and it looked like it was half a filet. My smothered chicken was 2 very small wings and one small breast, (I had ordered all white meat) and there was very little gravy and cabbage. 
     I went ahead and tried Mrs Whites one last time a couple weeks ago and it was more of the same thing. I ordered the smothered chicken again and when it arrived I received 2 small wings and a back bone with no meat. The table right behind me had the same thing and received 2 large breasts and a nice sized wing. After attempting to eat the skin off the back bone I gave up and ate what little else there was on the plate. My mother did get a nice sized catfish filet but both our sides were very small. 
    I no longer recommend Mrs Whites. It looks like the kids have taken over running the place and I think thats the problem. The gentleman who was always in the kitchen did a wonderful job of making the place a great choice for fantastic food but i dont see him there much anymore. 
   Stay away from Mrs Whites unless you happen to be the right color. Very sad.
Went on the 4th of July with only 5 others in the shop.  Beware on the one way road in front of the cafe, my GPS had me driving down the wrong way!

The staff was friendly and amazing that all entree dishes were $11.  Ordered the pork ribs and links with sweet potatoes, came with corn bread and ordered sweet tea.  The meat fell of the bone and the links were spicy.  The sweet potatoes were sweet and yummy and the greens, not too salty.

The staff was friendly and attentive and the owner's son owns LoLo's Chicken and Waffles. http://www.yelp.com/biz/lo-los-chicken-and-waffles-phoenix#hrid:KN-j7PyAgt4EGCnjUMCHTQ
4.5 Stars, minus .5 for atmosphere.

This is a low key spot (albeit crowded at times) with not much in the way of decor...  But the staff is friendly, and food is delicious!.  Rarely do I compliment others on their fried chicken (momma gets the top spot in my book) -- but I must admit, this place give my mother and grandma a run for their money.  And to top it off, the sweet potatoes are simply divine.

After you throw in some good old fashion sweet tea and moderate pricing, you know you've got a winner.
 
If you are looking for a trendy spot to dress up and people watch, this is not the place.  But if you are desperately in need of some down home southern treats, visit Mrs. White's.
I kind of experienced some reverse racism here.. and it really pissed me off... yeah, I'm white.. doesn't mean I don't crave some great soul food once in a while.. thought the whole point of the golden rule was to leave your money on the table.. as I'm leaving.. dude asks me if i'm going to pay? tld him money was on the table...did'nt question any of the african american folk...  really ticked me off.. plus, cash only, real limited menu, no waffles, corn on the cob, mashed, really limited sides..and kind of mediocre IMO.. Staceys and lolos kick its ass... (Shrug)
The best fried chicken I have ever had
pork cutlet is not to be missed either
the collard greens flavor is unbelievable and purely vegetarian broth if you can belive that - absolutely no sourness

I regular have to make pilgrimages for my pregnant wife here.

Negative - cash only
This place has the best fried chicken in town. The chicken fried steak, smothered pork chops, and fried catfish are also favorites. The sides are great also, my favorites are the black eyed peas and greens. The cornbread is sooo good here, it just melts in your mouth. Try the home made lemonaid, it is very good. 
Service can be slow at times but it is worth the wait! 
This place fills up so you have to get there early or you might have to wait for a table.  
Remember it is cash only.
I recently recommended Mrs Whites to a couple of co-workers from the south, and I made a PROPHECY! I said, "don't eat this shit at work! You will go into a food coma and take the best nap of your life afterward!"

They didn't listen. And the food coma got them fired. Well it didn't, but they were so useless the rest of the day that they should have gone home anyways. 

Chicken that could drowned a baby with it's juiciness! OH SO GOOD! Red beans, rice and gravy that made my heart beg for mercy after my blood pressure shot up to like, a million over eight hundred thousand...in a good way though. If you've ever gotten the meat sweats, it's a similar feeling. You finish eating, completely satisfied and relaxed, and then THE FUCKING FEVER COMES!! I don't think your body can handle what just got absorbed through your intestines, so it flips out. I went into fight or flight mode, hard, and I didn't come down until I slept it off like a food drunk little baby. 

Like J.C.M. said, it hurt so good.
The fried chicken is perfectly fried at Mrs. White's.  It's probably the best soul/southern food I've ever had!
Yummy fried goodness!  You just have to be patient.  =(
Warning, this place is NOT good for your diet. But for your soul, it's perfect. Great homemade cooking that is flavorful and filling. The fried chicken is the best I've ever had. Seriously. The sides are wonderful, the drinks are what you'd expect to have if sitting on a wraparound porch in the antebellum south. 

The service is slow, but go expecting that, and go with cash, because they are old school and don't accept plastic. It may take awhile, but they're cooking this from scratch, so enjoy looking at all of the famous autographs scrawled on the walls, joke around with your host, and be ready for a week's worth of calories in one sitting. You'll surely be glad you did, shug.
This is definitely a hole in the wall.  Don't expect fancy furnishings.  The air conditioner was not functioning or they just didn't want to turn it on because there wasn't that many people at the time.  They did bring an electric fan out.

I had the oxtail special.  The waitress said it was cook in its own sauce.  I suspect that it was slow cook or braised with very little liquid.  It was tender but with just a right tad of chewiness left in it.  So, the texture was perfect.  You had to work it just a little bit in your mouth and that's when the flavor releases into your senses.  The ligaments near the bones were just out of this world.  Yes, you have to gnaw at the bones to get to it.  The portion is generous.  I have two sides, green beans and yams.  The yam was good but the beans tasted like canned beans.  The corn bread was gritty and nice.  I also had a lemonade which was cool and sweet.  

My friends had fried chicken, catfish, smother pork chops.  We all finished our plates cleaned.
I'm not sure what is worse; ordering my food to go, eating fried chicken, eating fried chicken in the heat, or all of the above. 

Well, rain or shine, I love eating Fried Chicken and nobody can take that away from me. So I saw this little bungalow-like restaurant, which is located a block away from Chase Field and also not far from my hotel, that serve authentic Southern and Soul food. But my dining experience and decision-making has costed me my hopeful solid meal.

I ordered the Fried Chicken dinner-combo for $12.00. The combo includes two sides with a slice of cornbread and I chose Rice and Mixed Collard Greens. I made a big mistake and opted to take my meal to-go to stuff my face with the fried chicken like a barbarian in my hotel room. My side of Collard Greens were very tasty and full of flavor, but a bit too watery, in which caused my side of rice to taste like a soup-like side and my monster-pieces of fried chicken's crispy skin and piece of cornbread were soggy. The fried chicken were very tasty, but it would've tasted a lot better if it wasn't for my misfortune. 

This restaurant accepts only cash. I should've ate in the restaurant, because the friendly workers treated me very well and strongly convinced me to eat in. I'll definitely will eat in the restaurant  next time.

The restaurant has numerous awards from various sources including having the famous Yelp-sticker posted on the front door. The restaurant is also a favorite of the NFL's Arizona Cardinals, and NBA's Phoenix Suns with numerous pictures posted all over the facility.
The topic of Mrs Whites would frequently come up in the office place by a coworker who used to work near there, at the New Times. This past week though it came up quite often, often enough that on Monday, when we were planning our lunch out together for Thursday, we were so hungry by talking about Mrs Whites that it only took until shortly after 11 for us to pile in her car and head out for some good ol' soul food. 

I can't even begin to tell you how wonderful this place is. It's like walking into Grandma's kitchen and getting all those great meals you used to love and enjoy. My mouth was watering and my stomach was singing before I even had a chance to sit down. 

I like that all the meals are the same price. It makes it so much easier. I also like the selection of sides and dishes. The red kool-aid was delicious but not in a mason jar like Lolos.

The staff was very friendly. One of my coworkers was craving ox tail and it started a big discussion between us and our waitress. She mentioned that Mr. Larry might know when it was available again (they were apparently out of it that day) and he even came out to the table to talk to us. My friend also then got his ox tail. I tried it. It's really damn good. I'd probably order it if it was available the next time I came around.

I went for the 3 piece smothered chicken (fried chicken and gravy) and red beans and rice. Wow that is a lot of food. I devoured the chicken fairly quickly. It was delicious. Best friend chicken I've had aside from my Grandma's. The red beans and rice I had to package up and bring home. I had them for dinner tonight and they were just as delicious as I imagined. 

I also tasted one bite of the peach cobbler a la mode. Peaches are not one of my favorite fruits but damn did they do it right. 

If you haven't been here, it's a definite must. I'm not sure why you're still reading this. Pack up and go. Move it.
I love me some Mrs. White's. It's been a few years since I've eaten here and boy have I missed this place and their delicous food.
On my recent visit I ordered the catfish with green beans and okra gumbo (a Friday only special) and to drink sweet tea.
The sweet tea was just right. It wasn't overly sweet, it was perfect. 
The food was just as great as I remembered. The catfish was seasoned just right. The okra gumbo was yummy with lots of okra, black eyed peas and corn.
I had remembered that the menu was written on the wall, but to my surprise they had printed menus. 
I noticed that they seem to be open on weekends now which is awesome because now I can enjoy Mrs. White's more often.
It's not just soul food. It's AWESOME SOUL FOOD!! This is home cooking and comfort food at its best. Dieters are not welcome here. I was in Phoenix for 4 days and ate here 3 times. Their fried chicken, smothered pork chops, collar greens, black eyed peas and rice were fantastic. The service was slow because of the place being so busy. But, their customer service made you feel like you were waiting for a meal from grandma. (the waitress kept on calling me "darlin'" and "sweetness") The decor consisted of autographs written all over the walls of famous people ranging from professional athletes to President Bill Clinton. On my last visit, I scarfed my food down so quick that the waitress felt like they didn't give me enough food. So, when I paid my tab. She gave me a to go box of dirty rice, fried chicken, collar greens and velvet cake for free. I think she did that because I told her it was my last night staying in Phoenix and that we didn't have soul food this good in the Bay Area.
I love getting my sooooul food on occasion. (Yes, I usually leave wearing a little of it too. I really should carry a bib with me.) 
On my last visit I decided to go with the catfish and I was craving veggies so I waited on some greens and I also decided to try the cabbage. The greens were tasty, the cabbage...I guess I was kind of expecting a sauted/fried cabbage with a little more flavor, it was good but a little bland. The catfish on the other hand was perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside moist on the inside and a nice big slab of it. Sooo good. 
I rarely pass up the Kool-Ade, but occasionally get the sweet tea. 

I have enjoyed my time there and usually go when I have plenty of time to enjoy my meal. While the food is served relatively quickly, I don't know that I would recommend it for someone looking for a quick downtown lunch time fix. For me if I am going to go enjoy some home cooking, I take my time and enjoy.
I haven't had real, good soul food since I lived in New York and to be honest I never expected to find it in Arizona.  Mrs. White's was stumbled upon by pure happenstance.  A friend that had eaten here before, decided upon the Golden Rule as the best place to eat dinner before seeing the Diamondbacks play.  

The menu is very simple, but that's never a bad thing when the food is as good as they offer here.  I ordered the chicken fried steak, macaroni and cheese, and green beans (with potato).  My order was delivered last out of our group, and the anticipation grew and grew as I saw my friends get their heaping plates of fried deliciousness.  When they placed my plate in front of me the first thing that shocked me was the sheer size of the portions.  Even the rim of the plate was covered in food.  

It was refreshing to see chicken fried steak that wasn't pounded into a flat, tasteless filet.  The breading was crunchy, crispy, and crazy good.  Also excellent was the gravy that covered every inch of the steak.  The green beans were seasoned perfectly, but I do wish there had been more potato included.  And the mac n cheese, forget it.  Creamy, cheesy, a slight crunch thanks to the baking, and perfectly cooked noodles.  Easily the best I've had outside of my own house.  A few dashes of hot sauce over everything and I was in heaven.  

Now I have yet to try Lo-Lo's, which I hear is the best in the valley, but Mrs. White's has set the bar very high.  Very high indeed.
This was one of the better soul food places I've visited since I moved here. The food was excellent! I ordered the catfish, rice with gravy and cabbage. My girlfriend ordered the chicken-fried steak, rice and mac and cheese.  Both dishes were tasty, and the only reasons I give this place 4 stars are because of the lemonade and the hired help. With all of the homemade dishes, you'd think the lemonade would be as well. Instead, it tasted like that Tampico mess that Fry's carries. As far as the staff...they were friendly to customers, but horribly unprofessional toward each other.--at least the two younger staff. Although I'm all about feeling like I'm "at home", I'd rather not hear people bicker back and forth in the kitchen, shouting all the foul language you'd hear at a playground. (wish I could attach soundbytes)--In all, I was impressed and neither of those two complaints could keep me from going back. :)
OK This cafe surprised me. I rarely give 5 stars but I had to. 
They say it on the sign "great fried chicken and pork chops" and they are right. I loved it. 
I was never a fan of collard greens until today. These were not the best collard green I have ever ate but the best side dish I have ever eaten. I can't stop thinking about them. The deserts were to die for. I had 3. Yes 3 deserts. Bread pudding, peach cobbler, and banna pudding. All awesome. The fried chicken was one of the best and I have had many trips looking for the best fried chicken and to think I found this one by surprise. I like the way they serve you. It's called the golden rule because you tell the cashier what you ate and he pulls out some price from his head. Funny but it was fair. I did not care for the BBQ though. Sauce was great but the meat was not up to my standards. Braised not smoked. I think it should only be smoked with a dry rub. They do take credit but a charge is added.
The food was really good. I'm from Georgia and I know good soul food with a mother from there and grandmother from Mississippi. The fried chicken was crunchy and well seasoned. The mac & cheese was great also. My girlfriend had the smothered pork chops with cabbage and rice and gravy. The pork chops were very good. This is overall a good place to go eat to have the southern home feel.
Three words: Incredible Fried Chicken!

Just visited this place for the first time and the food is amazing.  It's only a block from Chase Field where the Diamondbacks play and they were open until 7:00 pm on the Wednesday that I visited.  I visited in the afternoon around 3:30 and it wasn't busy.  There were three or four people at the counter and one guy in a booth.  I grabbed a booth (very comfy by the way) and was served right away.  

Their menu is very basic  (main dishes, side dishes & desserts).  I ordered the Fried Chicken dinner, which comes with two sides (described below).  My beverage: a lemonade.  They don't have soda at this restaurant, which was a bummer, but the lemonade is tasty - not too tart, not too sweet.

The fried chicken is the best I"ve had in town.  The meal comes with three juicy pieces of mouth-watering chicken and the flavor is the best I've had in valley.  This isn't fast food fried chicken.  This is fried chicken your mama would make.  Yummy!

One of my sides was green beans with potatoes.  I've never had this combination of vegetables together before and it was really tasty.  I think the green beans were from a can but I'm not sure about the potatoes.  Regardless, this was a nice side dish.  I put a little pepper on it and I was good to go.

My other side dish was rice with gravy.  I guess I'm new to soul food because I've never heard of this combination before either.  The rice they use is excellent.  I'm not sure what it was but it had a better flavor than Uncle Ben's rice.  Some kind of gravy is mixed with the rice and the two together gave me a whole new yummy experience. 

I couldn't finish the whole meal and had to get a to-go box.  If I hadn't been so full I would have loved to try their dessert of the day, peach cobbler.  

I would definitely recommend this restaurant to people.  It's really close to downtown Phoenix and the ball park and the food is made with a lot of love, just like Mom would make.
This review is from someone raised in Phoenix, so my taste for heavy fried food isn't so accurate compared to my southern counterparts.  I give this a solid rating, if not just for the atmosphere.  Not your typical Phoenix establishment...very friendly, very homey.  I did feel like I took in more salt than I usually do in a month, but the greens were fabulous!  The chicken wasn't my ultimate favorite ever, but still better than anything you can find in the valley.
My wife & I only ate here once but it was disappointing in comparison with all the high accolades given. While the service & pricing was fine, we were not nearly so impressed with the quality of the food. I certainly would not rate it to be poor, but it was nothing worth repeating. We both felt it was just typical diner quality food. The fried chicken was similar to eating Church's. Sorry folks, I have no desire to return.
I had been hearing about this place for a long time and since I was downtown with my wife decided it was time to have some fried chicken and black eyed peas. Just to let all of you know you can order healthy from the menu, which is written on the wall but really what would be the point of excusing you from the best fried chicken in Phoenix? 

The drink menu is not vast, 3 different drinks and that is it. I suppose the charm of the place is that, well, it is what it is, its a good eats in downtown phoenix that does not try to be anything else. Its not heart healthy but who wants to live forever and its not as it your going to make this a staple in your day to day eating.
Simply delicious!!  So good, I have to stay away or I would be on the Biggest Loser, lol.
He confidently pushed the menu to the edge of the table with a hand calloused, wrinkled and bent by time and years of hard work fixing cars and pushing brooms. "I don't need the menu. I have been coming here for 30 years and they have the best chicken fried steak I have had in my life."

"Hey, I know better than to doubt you, grandpa." replied the young man with the same face, minus 40 years and 30 lbs but with the benefit of an extra 4 inches in height.

The old man ordered a lemonade to wash it down and the kid took a sweet tea, both ariving in giant plastic cups that reminded the kid, now nearly 30 of his childhood summers spent with his family in El Paso,Texas with his father's family who had moved with the army from Mississippi many years before he was born but brought the traditions of cooking for taste and comfort and damned be anyone for telling them it wasn't healthy.

They sat quietly, tired from a morning of moving furniture into the young man's new home, reading the signatures on the wall. The old man pointed out and explained who some of the old-timers were, mostly polititians and actors who, while big in their day, were not legendary enough to cary into the vernacular of pop culture 30 years later, and the young man pointing out and explaining the athletes and musicians of his era.

The waiter dropped off their chicken fried steaks along with their sides: Red beans, rice with gravy, greens and potatoes. They grinned in acknowledement of having made the right choices and began to eat.

"You know, her son opened a chicken and waffle place not too far from here." ther kid said, "but you are right; this place is better. Thanks for your help today grandpa."
This place was AWESOME!!! 
Unfortunately I've grown a bit jaded by soul food joints. Typically a cafeteria style-set up, with grouchy, attitutde-y women working the line. Even if you try to be fun, you won't be able to crack a smile. 

Mrs. White's is not that. 

The first soul food joint that has it all! The employees were so SO nice. Engaging in coversation, our waitress was very articulate and so cute. The bus boy was engaging, and the owner/manager, was just a hoot! 

The food! Delicious, large portions!
1. Fried chicken- mmmm mmmm, big chunks, well-spiced, finger lickin good, and no skimping!
2. Sweet potatoes- sweet, sugary, good
3. Mac n cheese- pretty standard
4. Red beans and rice- this was a twist to the usual red beans and rice. 
5. Corn bread- would've liked some butter or honey butter. Yum

The ambiance is killer--tagged up all over the walls! Super cool!

I hope to go back when I'm in Phx. Great service, people, and food.
When you first walk into this place, it might scare you away. But don't leave! There are about 4 things on the menu but they're 4 little pieces of heaven! This will be some of the best souls food you've ever eatin! Get ready for some unreal food!!
Don't come here if you're worried about cholesterol levels.  This place is delicious and unpretentious.  Bring cash and an appetite.  You can't really get better fried chicken or waffles in town.
Can't get better than this

-Liver and Onion
-Fried Chickin' with Gravy and Sweet Jam
This was my first time eating here and well.....it was the most disgusting soul food I've ever eaten in my life!!! I ordered fried chicken, sweet potatoes, & red beans. The chicken had no seasoning or flavor. I bet my 10 yr old brother could cook better chicken. The red beans same thing, no seasoning & nasty at that!! Sweet potatoes, where's the brown sugar butter cinnamon/nutmeg?? The soul was definately missing in this so called soul food. If u like wasting $$ on crappy food, then this is your place! Frys deli chicken tasted better than this place lol
Downhome feel aka not pretentious and you don't have to dress up to come here. The owner is certain to drop by your table with "How you doing baby," and well it gives me the warm and fuzzies.   Walls are tagged by customer's praise. Seriously just pull out a marker and write lol.  Not fancy at all. But what do you expect from a restaurant who offers koolaid as a drink? RED Koolaid lol.

Servings are eye opening.  I was expecting the usual servings but based on the amount of food on my plate I was wondering if they were implying that I needed fattening up. 4 chicken wings sides of cabbage and yams YUM!

The Food Channel happened to be filming "The best I Ever Ate."  Seems someone sent  a word of praise to the network. It was interesting to witness the production process.  

Havent had such a down home feel since I left charlotte north carolina. And it felt good. I'll be back...for the chicken and waffles ;)

pros: sit back "and rest your nerves" feel. Decent servings. Koolaid. Not pretentious at all. Opened to 2am Fri and Sat..come right after hitting up the night scene. By the light rail too!

cons: The heartburn that soon occurs.Pepto anyone?
I've been there twice in the last three weeks and it lives up to its reputation. The Mrs. set the standard and they are carrying it on fo' real! The Food Network was shooting on the day I went for the show "Best Food I Ever Ate." On their plate was the fried chicken, mac and cheese, and mixed greens. (I had that the first time.) Did the smothered pork chops this time and it was an experience...a food lover's experience. Certainly worth putting on you to do list. Unfortunately, many of the people who live here don't know about it and it's a historical landmark in the state.
Drove to this place from Glendale this past Friday. Got there about 5:30pm and not that many people there.

We ordered. Had to remind the waitress about the lemonade since it took awhile and she was texting at the counter. Thought it would be freshly squeezed because of the wait time---nope.

Took hours for the food. Waitress and cook yelling at each other in the kitchen. Someone forgot one of our two orders. Insincere apologies followed.

Food was OK. Agreed with the previous reviewer...Fry's fried chicken is way better!

If you want attitude while they forget your food, this place is it!
Truly delicious chicken fried steak!!!
I loved eating here! It's VERY casual and the servers are super friendly. They made us feel very at home and did an awesome job. I think we tipped them a little more than 30%. The food is delicious, but very unhealthy. Don't go here if you're on a diet of any kind - I'm guessing that it is all very high in sodium, fat, etc. If you're in the mood for a treat, or if you love Southern food like me, it is perfect. I had the fried chicken, which was pretty good, and my date had the smother pork chop. I wouldn't recommend the pork chop (it was pretty tough) but I would absolutely 100% recommend the smothered chicken. They gave us a piece of smothered chicken with the pork and that was delicious. The restaurant itself isn't exactly beautiful, but the food is tasty and inexpensive and the service is wonderful.
I have to admit that the 1st time I was taken to Mrs. White's, I was a bit hesitant about the place. However, once we were in, seated and placed our order, I was thoroughly comfortable and enjoying the vibe. It was lunch time, it was crowded and it reminded me of a family reunion. Everyone was enjoying their meals and each other. The staff was busy as bees and enjoying themselves as well. 

I had the fried chicken, green beans and corn bread---all perfectly cooked and seasoned---just like Granny used to make. Huge serving sizes, had to take most of it back to my hotel because I also wanted to try their peach cobbler.....yummy for the tummy! 

It has been about 10 years since my 1st introduction to Mrs. White's and 
I have visited many times throughout the years and have had most everything on the menu, never been disappointed. 

Best soul food in AZ      
I love, love, love Mrs. White's
I was introduced to this place by my chiropractor...we were coming from an event downtown and were talking about soul food and peach cobbler...he said that i should try Mrs. Whites and I was like ok lets go!  It is definitely not fancy but that is ok...its not meant to be...I love smothered chicken so when I saw it that is what I ordered!  It was awesome...then I was super excited for the peach cobbler and the owner said there was only tomato cobbler...I was like WTF?? Tomato cobbler?  He was like I bet that you will like it just as much or more then the peach cobbler...I was in the mood to try something new so I said bring it out...lol...they brought it out with ice cream on it...and it was nice and warm...I was still skeptical...I had never heard of such a thing!  I took my first bite and i was in heaven it was AMAZING!!  I cleaned the bowl!  I then apologized to the owner for doubting him...I still to this day have never had a tomato cobbler but I will always remember that it was awesome! This is not the place to go if you are on a diet...but try it...its right near downtown...
First off I would like to punch the dip Shit on the food network who said this was the best chicken he ever ate. Yeah the place is filthy, but how they operate their business is redicolus. Service sucks, 49 minute wait for the food sucks, waiting 20 minutes from the first  entree being dropped off until the last person luckily receives their food sucks, being told on the 59th minute of a hour wait for your food, that they are out of your side dishes, sucks, spending my hard earned money at a place that is Ass backwards in any kind of business sense, sucks. At first our group thought it was a joke, then the reverse racism theory was brought up, then we noticed that every table was experiencing the same lack of service. Black, white, purple,orange. They just sucked.
So I admit I am a food network junkie and I honestly only went to this place because I saw it on best I ever ate fried chicken episode but come on best I ever ate fried chicken in Phoenix I had to see for myself.  

Well Mrs. White backed it up with some amazing chicken and I don't know what previous reviewers were talking about with the sides because my grandma from North Carolina was in town and her and I both liked the red beans and macaroni salad.  

The staff was friendly and even sent me home with two extra pieces of chicken for later.  This place is awesome and I will for sure be a repeat customer.

Also whoever said KFC has chicken as good and it's cheaper well keep going back to KFC and stay outta places like this cause you don't belong.  Just sayin'.  KFC aint got nothin on Mrs. White.
If I could give minus stars I would. The service there is the ABSOLUTE WORST!!!!!!

Now I am in the middle of packing to move to Portland but I am taking the time out to write this review because this is how bad this place is. I have been to Mrs. Whites on several occasions and the service has always been pretty crappy but today took the cake. 

Breakdown of events:

1.Call in my order at 5:30pm. The woman that answered the phone had no business telephone etiquette at all. 

2. Arrive at Mrs. Whites after going through the maze of the light rail and one way traffic...I digress that is not their fault. Anyway I walk in and I am cheerfully greeted by a young lady that is sweeping. A woman (I am sure the one that answered when I called is on the phone). She is on the phone with her boyfriend calling him out for cheating on her. Using all sorts of profanity while doing so. 

3. I state that I am there for the to go order and that is it. No one says it will be a few more mins or anything. Now mind you I live on 10th St & Camelback so travel time to Mrs. Whites should have been sufficient time to prepare...fried fish, mac and cheese and mixed greens. 2 of the 3 dishes are cooked already I am sure. 

4. I wait for about 10 mins when a older gentleman that works there reminds the phone lady that I am waiting for my order. I assume she is the cook. Well phone lady never even started my order. She did not start my order until 10 mins after I walked in the door and she was done calling out her boyfriend on the phone.

5. In my 30 mins of sitting and waiting. There were 5 employees there and the owner was one of them. He did not acknowledge me or anything and sat across from me watching tv and then left. Why does it take close to and hour to make my order with that many people there in the kitchen?

6. My food finally arrives, only to be dropped down in front of me...no words...just nothing. So I leave my  $10.18 for my meal as it states on the website since nobody came to take my money. Bad enough I have to wait for my food but I be da@#$ed if I will wait for you to come take my money. So I left. 

7. I barely get my foot in the car and phone lady is out the back door saying that I did not pay the total for my meal. I said that the website said the meals were $10.18. She tells me that the price on the site is wrong the meals are now $14+. So I give the extra $4. Now why could she have not been that quick with making my food?

So save yourself the time and headache of this place. It is not worth it. I don't care how many celebrities or what Food Network show they were on. I have been to plenty of famous soul food places in Harlem NYC and never would anything like this ever happen.  

If you have a jones for some soul food check out Lo Lo's in Scottsdale. The food is basically the same and the service is excellent.
The chicken was good and fresh off the frier. The workers were friendly but had to mention that our waitress needs a little "waitressing etiquette".  I asked her if the okra gumbo is spicy and she replied that she doesn't know 'cause she doesn't eat the stuff!
I have been visiting Mrs. White's going on 30 years, but after looking up the phone number this afternoon to verify if they were open and still had fried chicken, my wife started reading some of the reviews following a recent Food Network recommendation - I almost got cold feet.

Good thing I didn't. The food is as awesome as ever. The service is much as it has always been. Be forewarned, trendy restaurant goers, who glom onto TV reviews, Mrs. White's is not trendy; there are no bubbly fresh blonde girls waiting to seat you. The service is matter of fact, no goofing around, you must get to the business of ordering and pretend you know what you are doing - this is the way it has always been at Mrs. White's. If you are looking for others to pamper you, this is not the place for that. Mrs. White's is where you go to pamper your indulgence for perfect soul food. If you want Scottsdale ambiance, again, this joint won't work for you.

When you go, be prepared that not all dishes may be on the menu during your visit. There are no corporate owned semi-trailers that deliver two tons of food every other day. This is a small and very cramped operation that makes homemade food for those who know how to appreciate it. In these days of flash frozen prepared dishes that are uniform from visit to visit at chain restaurants, this food is made in a tiny hot kitchen. If they run out of your favorite dish that has been cooking for hours prior to your arrival, there is no way they can whip up another pot of green beans and potatoes in 20 minutes. 

I often call ahead to verify if they have what I want because years ago it was not uncommon that by 12:30 they would be out of half of everything on the menu, which was OK because if forced me to try new things Back then, Mrs. White's was open Monday through Friday from 11:00 till 3:00, but I'd swear you'd be lucky to get anything after 1:00 - and that was perfectly fine as you knew they were doing all they could with their limited space to do their best for us customers. I'd just come back on another day. 

To say I have the utmost respect for the White family would be an understatement, today I was afraid I might have to lose that based on those poor reviews below. I do not believe those reviews are an accurate representation of The Golden Rule Cafe. They are the distortions and disappointments of people who have skewed expectations. Funky little hole-in-the-wall family-run operations that attract a loyal customer base may not be the place for everyone, but if you understand that wonderful stuff doesn't always come wrapped in a sterile designer package, then you might get along with Mrs. White's.

I love this place and hope I always will.
I wish I would have read the reviews prior to taking my party of five, especially since this was highly suggested from a friend that used to live in Phoenix.  

Similarly to the other reviews, service was unspeakable slow, tall-giant woman was extremely rude (of course she finished her meal at the bar prior to taking ours), literally got our meals one at a time over a 30 minute span, mac and cheese for three of the four meals came well after all the meals arrived, etc., etc., etc.  

If I didn't feel really bad for the owner just losing his daughter to a long battled illness, I would speak to their unacceptable standards even more.  Don't waste your time; their heart is not into making sure your experience is a pleasurable one.  I don't care how good the food is.
Service kind of sucks. You'll definitely be hungry while waiting for your food but it well worth the wait. Menu is simple and easy to navigate. Two sides come with anything you want on the menu. Anything you desire comes with the same price. I like their motto , " Food is not cheap because cheap food is not good."
HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!

We can't go back there. Went there for the first time tonight and was expecting great food. We walked in, no one came up to greet us. Instead they stayed back behind the counter and told us to sit anywhere without any kind of courtesy or etiquette. Our waitress definitely did not want to be there and had an attitude. We picked a table and sat down. They were slow to give us our menus. We got our food quick enough and it was tasty but definitely not better than Lolo's. The waitress never came back to ask if we need anything else or to fill our water or lemonade glasses. We had to shout across the dining room to get her attention for more lemonade. The absolute worst was when we went up to pay, they never handed us a bill and overcharged us. The old man at the register didn't even know what we ordered and when we told him, just spat out a number "$33.16!" without doing any kind of math. He was very rude to my boyfriend who tried to pay with a credit card. Instead of just asking my boyfriend if he had cash, he barked, "Didn't you see the sign?! We take cash!" We didn't make a scene but it really pissed us off. Their signage is confusing. There was a broken machine sign on the wall but the menu said "we are now accept credit and debit cards." 

Also, the place is filthy. Dirty floors, walls, and windows. The bathroom smells like hot ass. For some reason, the bathrooms don't have AC but the rest of the restaurant does. Absolute worst! We've had great food and service at Lolo's! They definitely know how to make you feel welcomed. I love the servers at Lolo's; they are attentive, friendly, and helpful. I can't believe the two families are related. WE WILL NEVER GO BACK!
My impressions are lasting ones is all I can say.  I ventured off to try Mrs. Whites yesterday and was very disappointed.  The service was horrible, out of half the menu at 5pm, and just unprofessional.  

The only bright spot was my fried chicken and black eye peas which was delicious.  

That being said someone needs to take the lead and get restaurant back on track.
DE-LI-CIOUS!!

I was about to leave for a road trip from the Bay Area all the way to Dallas. Of course, I noted all these places I wanted to stop to eat along the way.

At the last second, I decided to watch the episode of "Best Thing I Ever Ate" in my DVR about fried chicken. Thank goodness I did!! Or else I would have never discovered this restaurant.

First off, they sell all their meals for $10.18 (plus tax). It comes with an entree and two sides. It's a HUGE plate of food. You could really eat it for two meals. The size of their drinks are monster, too. And for only $2.17! It'll make your plate full of food look small.

I went for their infamous southern fried chicken and sweet potato and green bean with potatoes for my sides. It was the best fried chicken I've ever had! There's just enough batter to chicken. The skin is crispy and the chicken is actually moist! I could pass on the green beans (they tasted like canned green beans), but the sweet potato was awesome. The sweet potato had just enough sweetness, but you have to ignore the (possibly heart stopping) liquid it sits in. Sometimes it better not to know how some stuff are made. =P

My hubby tried their chicken fried steak with rice and gravy and potato salad. The chicken fried steak has a flavorful, thick batter but it's still crispy. It totally looks homemade. The rice is your standard stuff, but the potato salad is yummy. 

They're open 7 days a week, but they close early at 7PM, so plan an early dinner! But on Fridays and Saturdays they reopen at 9PM for their Late Night Munchiez session. It's a different menu and made up of burgers, wings and other good late night munchies. 

Come here for the chicken first though. You won't be disappointed!
I have vascillated on Mrs. White's for a few years now. Today's visit sealed the deal for me on why I won't return. 

I got a to-go order of fried chicken, black eye peas and rice with gravy (since they were out of mac & cheese at 11:30 am). As I waited for my order, I watched several plates of chicken being delivered to customers eating in. The pieces were so huge they were half falling off the plates and towering above them. I looked forward to the same as I drove home, especially since I paid $14.81 for my lunch- and that did not include a beverage. Imagine my dismay as I opened my box at home and discovered three tiny pieces of underseasoned not-so-fresh tasting chicken. What the hell? You give the sit down customers the best you have to offer because they might complain otherwise? You give me some bullshit chicken because I am doing carryout? The peas were mush, the rice & gravy was bland, and the cornbread was overdone on the outside and heavy and underdone inside. I guess you're overcharging your customers to bank-roll your retirement, which will surely come sooner rather than later since I can't imagine how you're keeping customers.
Ahhhh.... the fried pork chops. I hadn't been to Mrs White's in about 5 years and was pleased to see that fame hasn't gone to anyone's head in there. Still the same wonderful homemade, fresh food that it's always been, served in the same comfortable atmosphere. I was surprised when the server handed me a menu, but happy to see that my old standbys - pork chops, cabbage and black-eyed peas - were still there and just the same. Yes, it's slow, but good homemade food takes time, people! Nothing here is microwaved, frozen or pre-prepared. It's exactly what "soul food" is supposed to be... food that feeds your soul. Thank you, Mrs. White's, for keeping it real.
Well me and my friend from work tried this place out, and others we talked to gave rave reviews.  Both of us though walked away and were not impressed with the food at all.  The only thing that we both liked were the sweet potatoes.  I had the Chicken Fried Steak and it was very salty then after a few bites was very very soggy and gelatinous.  I will not be coming back.
The most amazing soul food I've had in AZ yet!! The fried chicken was perfect and not made until it's ordered, Mac and cheese was homemade and incredible and the cobbler....delicious!!! The best part, kool-aide was one of the drinks available. You get TONS of food for not a lot of money. It is absolutely worth at least one trip to try it for yourself!!!
Who's got the munchies!!!!! Friday and Saturday nights till 3 am, Mrs. White's is servin' up some yummy munchies including Fried Zucchini around $3 and entrees for $13.  I had to have their fried chicken , pork chop and some gravy and rice at 12am! The fried chicken was cooked perfectly.  The skin is crispy and tasty.  The meat moist and tasty.  The portions are huge and you will not go home hungry.  The staff is friendly and helpful; always a pleasure to talk to them.  Skip Filibertos or Jack n' Box after the party..movie..concert..and go to Mrs. White's!
O-M-G!!! I LOVE MRS. WHITE!!! (And her chicken)

We actually saw a brief piece on the Food TV channel about Mrs. White (The Best Thing I Ever Ate Show... on Fried Chicken). So we knew we had to go. We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!

We got there about 7PM on a Friday night... and the place was really dead. Only one other table...there was also a lot of writing on the walls... so I was a little "nervous". But Deseree (our server) made us feel at home. 

The menu is easy... ALL meals are $13 buck. You choose from several main entrees... and about 8 southern soul food style side (you can pick two). 

I ordered the fried chick, sweet potatoes (yams) and the black eyed peas. My wife got the same but had the mac and cheese. 

You must also order the Kool-Aid... HUGE glass... and many childhood memories. 

You get three ***HUGE** pieces of PERFECTLY seasoned (and cooked) fried chicken... and the two sides... unbelievable! The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL! 

We could not even finish half of our meal... and we took home an order of Mrs. White famous Peach Cobbler, which we enjoyed with coffee after we got home. TO DIE FOR!

In summary... GREAT MEAL! Great casual (almost divey) atmosphere. It was fun reading all the famous signatures on the wall. 

Thank You Mrs. White!!
All I can say is WOW!!!  I am a very picky fried chicken person--- Mrs. White's is hands down the best chicken I have ever had!!  LOVE it!  The mixed greens for my side were also very yummy!  I'll be back often, thanks to the awesome staff that made my visit absolutely heavenly!  :)
Da chicken.
Merciful heavens.
I can't think of one thing I would have changed about the chicken I got from here.  The crust was crunchy,  crumbly, and tasted like golden nuggets (perfectly seasoned...and I mean PERFECTLY)...and this is AFTER a 30 minute drive home.  The meat was tender and juicy - even the breast.  And most of all, the flavor went through the whole piece of chicken, not just skin deep.
Everyone has their definition of what good fried chicken is.  This place has defined mine.  Haven't had better chicken at any restaurant or even at anybody's table other than my grandmother's.  They got everything about it right.
I forgot that I had two sides - cabbage and rice with gravy.
The cabbage was decent, but I actually prefer Cracker Barrel's as it has more flavor.  The texture of Mrs White's was better and it was chopped up in more presentable pieces.  But was lacking any wow.  Still good, don't get me wrong.  My grandmother's cabbage has spoiled me; it's hard to satisfy me with this dish.
The rice and gravy was a bit disappointing.  It was bland gravy over white rice.  I was hoping the gravy would be thick and creamy but it was instead quite thin.  Not seasoned very much...  I wonder if this is the same gravy they use to smother stuff in?  I hope not.
For dessert I got the banana pudding.  I have a cousin who I think makes the best BP in existence.  But, there's always someone better.  Mrs. White's almost ALMOST beat out my cousin's, but not quite.  I don't know how I can say that, seeing as how the whole little bowl was gone in 3 minutes:)  I guess that is a testament to my cuz's BP, because this stuff was awesome.  Only complaint was that some of the bananas were too ripe, although some people like it that way?
That's all for my meal. 
 I didn't even look at the receipt, hmmm...no clue how much it all cost me haha.  I didn't care.  I've been hearing about this place since I moved to AZ and actually swerved from the far right lane on Jefferson into the parking lot, taking out several vehicles in doing so (j/k).  
The place itself as others have said is pretty dumpy.  The best food is found in places of this status but as I was looking around I felt myself wishing that this specific place would get a face lift.  I don't know, its just that they are such a staple and well-known place...they could at least frame some of the memorabilia they have on the wall.  Not dirty though, mind you.  The girl there was diligently mopping.  Too much clutter by the register...personal items of the staff just laying around.  C'mon now.  Represent what you serve, instead of allowing people to think that what they will get served may represent the look of the place.  A rinky dink liquor store that serves the best corned beef - they can look like a disaster, that's just fine.  But these guys are a soul food force in the area and I feel they could be even more with an update to their building.
The folks that were working there were just fine to me.  An older man greeted the customers, gave instruction to the servers, and took my order.  He knew the regulars and greeted them enthusiastically.  I liked that.  Furthermore, some guy came in needing change.  The man (hmmm I guess that's probably Mr White???) gave him tips on where to park for cheap, gave him the money to park somewhere, and told him to hurry so he won't be late for his appointment.  :) :) :)  Also shared a few observations about a woman on tv (Let's Make A Deal).  
No one was rude.  You read what the golden rule is and you'll see its enforced here.  Do unto others...
I saw a plate come out to a dine-in customer that was piled, and I mean PILED with fried chicken smothered in gravy and with greens and something else on the side.  It looked ridiculously amazing. 
I will go back.  I will try the porkchops, smothered this and that, and of course the catfish.  I'll also try some other sides, maybe the two I chose were their ho-hums anyway.
I recommend trying their chicken at least once!
Oh and i saw someone on here mention their to-go order was skimpy...sorry bud but mines was 3 huge pieces that didn't even allow the box to close:)
All I can say is "What the hell"? I'm so embarrassed by some of the reviews that point out this is the best soul food they ever tasted.   They only could justify that untruth if they did not grow to in a family that cooked with love or never been to  a Kentucky Fried Chicken.  The food and service was horrible.  My guest and I had to ask for silverware, cornbread and refilled....again "what the hell".   I was raised on soul food and know the difference between store bought and homemade.  Oh sure they doctor it up but totally got the prescription wrong.  The food has absolutely no flavor, lacks salt, lowreys seasoning, black pepper, garlic powder, mind you these are staples in cooking soul food especially Fried Chicken.  I'm African American so this next statement is not intended to be racist but come on black people, how can you tout yourself as the best Fried Chicken and truly taste horrible.  Again, "what the hell".   It's very easy to make gravy....especially if you have the drippings from your fried chicken so why did this gravy taste like it came from a can.  What surprised me most was to see the tourist eat their food like it was the best food they ever tasted.  Poor visitors, this is not soul food.  Save your 17.00 per plate and drink  and go have Kentucky or better yet Jack in the box.  Yes almost $34 for two plates of chicken and two drinks.  Honestly people "what the hell"?
Where to start? 

Let's start by addressing the false advertising on their website.  After hearing a few people talk about how good the food is there , we wanted to give it a try.  We viewed their website and if you look under Entrees, you will see the meals are all priced at $10.18 per plate.  Good deal! 

We arrive at the place and our first impressions are, the place needs cleaning and a paint job.  Most anyone can look past how a place looks if the service is great and the food is really good.  Most dive places I've been to have both... so the decor isn't something I get hung up on. 

Service...  marginal at best.  Some guy... guessing the owner... arguing with the staff, singing... just doing whatever.  I guess this is acceptable since he owns/runs the place?  Not the best thing to do in front of customers. (again... it's a dive... not expecting 5 star services)

Server---  stops my wife in front of the bathroom door to ask if she knows what she wants to order.  Maybe wait until we are all seated and ready to order?  Thought this was pretty strange! 

Now the food comes out.  Chicken wasn't horrible, wasn't great.  The canned mac-n-cheese... right up there with the best High School cafeteria mac-n-cheese.... not good!  Right from a box or can... no flavor... not homemade.   Very disappointing to say the least.  The greens... again... from a can... maybe some additional seasoning added... but.. odds are... if they were too lazy to make real mac-n-cheese... then they were too lazy to make real greens.  Gravy on the chicken... same sad story... from a box/can.... just not good or great. 

Dessert--- sweet potato pie   not bad... probably one of the better things ordered.  What was crazy... if you can imaging this... take a normal/decent size slice of pie... now cut that in half and this was the serving size we got.  All for $4.99 a slice. NUTS!  $10 for two slivers of pie. A joke! 

Remember I mentioned the FALSE ADVERTISING at the beginning of this review.  All meals $10.18.  NOT TRUE!  The site hasn't been updated in who knows how long? 

You sit down and the menu does not show the pricing... only mention of pricing is the Ox tales for $15.00.  So... you would assume from the website the meals are $10.18 each.  WRONG....  for  two meals, two very sad/small slices of pie.... $41.00 

No breakdown of the pricing ... the owner/manager just punched up some numbers on the calculator and that was the bill. 

All in all... this place needs new management... some passion put back in to  the kitchen... and they need to update/clean the place.  Not to mention... in this day and age... no excuses to not having an updated website.... to properly reflect your business and pricing.  I have a feeling when Mrs White was running this place... it was awesome... not anymore. 

Bad experience.. not even close to being worth the money spent. Avoid this place...save your money....

Will not be going back... will not recommend this place to anyone I know.
We came here to try what a soul food means and the outcome was tremendously great, exceed our expectation, this was 2 years ago and now we are back to Phoenix just to watch football game and heading back to California, and there is no way that we won't stop by at Mrs. White to grab something to munch..... This definitely complete our day specially the fried chicken and the banana pudding.... plus the amazing people that makes your day !!!
Came here based on Foodnetwork's  TV show: The Best Thing I Ever Ate. The fried chicken was ok, skin was nicely crisped, but the seasoning was not marinated through the meat itself. So, it was rather bland. I really liked the side dishes, though.
I tried this place tonight after hearing how great the food is. I had fried catfish (awesome, awesome), fresh fried okra ( yes, it was fresh not frozen) black eyed peas (kinda blah), mixed greens (flavor wasn't great), corn bread and sweet tea. The tea tasted like my mom's. This is kind of a country hick place. Nothing fancy, far from it. Dingy and dirty; hasn't been cleaned in haw many years? There are a lot of autographs from famous people and athletes on the walls. The server (a nice young lady) was also the cook. If you are looking for ambiance this is not the place to go. If you are looking for good food, go to Mrs. Whites. There are no prices listed and I was a bit surprised at our bill. 2 dinners and 1 glass of tea and 1 glass of koolade (? spelling) $34.00 No breakdown of charges. All dinners are $15.00
Went back today and took out another 10 vehicles as I rammed into the left lane to make the turn into the lot...
I meant to try pork chops, or catfish...nope, I couldn't get past the chicken.
Once again, this chicken did not disappoint.  I had an annoying end to this long work day when I got home with this chicken.  But as soon as I picked up the drumstick and took a bite, it ALL washed away...seriously.
Let's back up.  
When I opened my styrofoam container, I noticed that the chicken had gotten slightly moist from the being closed up for almost an hour after I got it.  I thought the experience was going to be lessened.  No.  
The drumstick was a bit soggy on the bottom from sitting so long, but like I said, I bit into it and all the annoyances of life went elsewhere and bothered some other guy.
Perfection.
Even when soggy.
Even when sitting for over an hour.
If fried chicken remains absolutely delicious even after all that, you know you've got some special stuff.
What gets me is that I saw some young folks in the kitchen, I don't know if either of them fried the chicken, but if so - someone has been teaching them the real deal.  This tastes like some old woman who has been through years of hurt and pain but also joy and love has cooked this.  Someone who KNEW what bad chicken was and KNEW how to avoid that at all costs.  Someone who cared what their food tastes like.  And if youngens' are producing this kind of fare, that deserves proper kudos.
I notice there is not a 'professional' atmosphere here.  Like another reviewer said, anything seems to go.  
Honestly?  So what.
The food is too friggin good.  Yes, we are entitled to good customer service as customers.  But like I said before, you get what you put in with the people here.  You come in with an attitude, that is what you get.
I know some people put a high high value on customer service and how staff presents themselves; I do, too.  But chicken THIS good, and I mean specifically THIS chicken that is THIS good...I can accept the very casual atmosphere here.
Yes, I wish they would put a bit more pride in their professionalism.  
But I promise you, this chicken will make lovers of fried chicken not give a flying flea's fanny about anything else.  In each experience I've had with it, the chicken is THAT good.
THE best of everything, their chicken is not like any other, everything is to die for.
Their tea is freshly brewed, sweetened and unsweetened, their beans and rice are amazing.  It is across from CHASE FIELD, they have autographed ceilings, floors and walls, you never know who will show up.  It closes at 1:00p.m, so, get there early.
First, all lunches are $13.00 each plus $2.15 for drinks. Too expensive for lunch.  The green beans/potatos and rice wer very good.  Generous  quantities. 

the chicken was miserabe. over cooked, dry, the crust was almost without flavor,.  There no redeaming factors. If this is true soul food, I am not doing soul again.
Big portions.  Really good chicken!  Not the best I've ever had but it's up there in top 3 for sure.  

Everything was nicely seasoned and the veggies were delish - I opted for the greens and the blackeyed peas.  I would actually consider the veggie plate and skip the meat because the sides were soooo good.

The cornbread was really, really good crumbled into the peas.  

Gargantuan size kool aid too!  A worthwhile stop!
Not pretentious, not fancy ....... But the food is awesome!!
Found them by accident the first time BEFORE I knew they had been featured on The best thing I ever ate.  My wife and I felt welcomed even though you could tell the restaurant was filled with regulars. Straight forward menu, everything is the same price except the daily special, did I say unpretentious?  Not fast but friendly and GREAT food, no ambiance but friendly and GREAT food. We haven't tried everything on the menu yet, however:
Fried Chicken 10
Chicken Fried Steak 10 (gravy was wonderful)
Catfish 10
Mixed greens 10
Rice & gravy 8 (sometimes not as hot as it should be)
Green beans & Taters 10
Black eyed peas 8
Corn bread 10
Mac & Cheese 3 (sorry).

Great food from fine folks since 1964!
I wanted to hit up LoLos one day but somehow I ended up here. 

There is something about this food that makes you want to roll yourself out of the building and take a nap for about 3 days.  I mean, smothered pork chops! Who does it better? The cornbread....oh the cornbread.... *smile*
The portion sizes are generous without being overboard. You'll most likely finish your plate if you bring an appetite. 

The ambiance is perfect for what's being served and the people running the joint are super friendly.
If I ate here every day I'd for sure need a bypass within a year....that means yummy.
Service and location not desirable what so ever. Food pretty darn good. Had pork chops Mac n cheese and green beans with taters.....man was it good. Mac n cheese I've def had better but it wasn't bad. Corn bread was not great at all...terrible. Can't believe they serve it...may be it was a bad batch? My friend had fried chicken greens and Mac n cheese. Fried chicken right on! But greens were awful. No flavor what so ever. Out of a can possibly? Waitress was odd and seemed to care about herself and the locals at the counter more than us, even tho we arrived well before them. Took a while for the food considering the joint was pretty empty. Worth the wait tho. I shall return!!!
Stopped by one Sunday morning around 11am.  I was the first customer there so I was looking forward to fast service and hot food.  I ordered the chicken, sweet potatoes, mac and cheese with cornbread.  The chicken was great, crunchy nicely seasoned and the portion was large.  Thus the 2 stars.  Everything else was unimpressive, mac and cheese was not creamy, potatoes were off, still cant put my finger on what it was but not good.  The cornbread was dry and had no flavor.  The atmosphere was blah, looked dirty, and the food should have made up for it and didn't.  Can't say I will try it again.
Mrs. Whites makes genuinely good food that you can't pass up!  If you live in Phoenix and have never tried it, you're doing yourself a disservice.

These guys are best known for their fried chicken, and for good reason!  It is always fresh and super crisp on the outside but nice and juicy on the inside.  It is cooked to absolute perfection.  It is handily some of the better fried chicken I have ever had.  I wish the batter they used for the coating had a bit more seasoning or spices since I like my chicken with a bit of a kick, but they have plenty of Louisiana Hot Sauce to dump all over it if that's your thing (it's often mine).

Chicken isn't all they do, however, and if you're just not in the mood for fried chicken, they have plenty of other southern staples to satisfy your appetite, including fish and pork chops.  They also have solid homestyle sides and very yummy cornbread.  On the weekends they make a knockout okra gumbo that is to die for.

The place itself is a dump, but that is actually a good thing in this case (at least to me).  It has tons of character and charm and it really feels like it has a history!

One tip: don't bother unless you're hungry.  The portions are huge.  REALLY HUGE.  I've never left here without a distended stomach...  It's not the cheapest place to eat in the valley (plan on nearly $20 for a lunch with tip), but the food is generally worth it, and if you're hungry enough to eat it all, it's a decent value.
It's a shame I'm not allowed to leave NO STARS because that is what this joint deserves.  Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe isn't "golden rule" at all because if this group of people came to my place, I'd feed them better and treat them friendlier then they ever did.

After the New Times Best of 2011 came out, this place won(!) and  I made note to visit the place soon and  the best it got all night were two female dishwashers, in the parking lot, smoking, who could not have been nicer with their welcome.

But that, my friend, is as good as it got.  The waitress, and calling her a waitress demeans all perfectly good servers across the valley, she would not get up from her seat at the counter to serve me!  She merely slid the menu across the counter to me and said, in a very unfriendly voice, whaddya havin'?

The owner sat behind the counter counting his money -- SERIOUSLY -- and bragged to no one listening how he'd seen the same Casino-B Act three times in a day the day before.  Wow.

The chicken came, it was good.  I paid $21 for a plate of fried chicken, all white meat, black-eyed peas and another memorable side I cannot recall.  They were out of mashed potatos.  HOW DO YOU RUN OUT OF MASHED POTATOES?  OH, WAIT, WATCHING A B-LIST CASINO ACT 3 TIMES IN A DAY MIGHT TAKE AWAY FROM KITCHEN PREP DUTIES, NO?!!!!!

I told my friend on the way home what a scam that was.  I said one original recipe whole breast from KFC would be as good or better.  We stopped at the next KFC...and I was right!  $2.47 for one whole breast from KFC vs. $21 --- PER PERSON! -- at Mrs. White's.  STAY WAY AWAY FROM MRS. WHITES!

This guy, this family should get down on their hands and knees, every night and thank God for Jerry Colangelo, the Diamondbacks and the gentrification of their neighborhood.  It allows, at least, a couple of casino shows per night!

The sycophants who've written before me must want to misinform you:

DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.  I WASTED MY MONEY FOR YOU!

update 1/20/13-a private message from Tony accuses me of racism.  Really?  What did I say here that was racist?  That I didn't like the food?  That's not racist.  That the owner was counting his money?  Again, not racism.  The only thing racist here is Tony.

The food here is VASTLY OVERRATED!  I'M TELLING YOU, EL POLLO LOCO has better chicken than this DUMP, by FAR!  And you don't have watch an extremely fat waitress refuse to get up...oh, wait.  She can't.  She's too fat.
WHAT???!! You don't serve breakfast????

I'll be back for dinner and update my post!
Lots of famous people have eaten here and there's thank you notes written all over the white patched walls to prove it, along with hand written menus on the walls.  

I came here after watching The Best I Ever Ate on the food network.  So maybe my expectations were too high because I don't think it was the best fried chicken I've ever had.  Don't get me wrong, it was good but I hate to admit that I've had better.  I would say this fried chicken ranks in my top 5 for fried chicken.

The staff is friendly and the lemonade is good.  Definitely give this place a try.
So let's see I had heard great things about the Fried Chicken here....well it was true.

Sides (Mac n cheese & Coleslaw).....very good.....homemade even.

Lemonade Kool-Aid.....hmmmmm.....a little to sweet for my taste but wasn't bad

Free Refills.....very nice......ummmmmm.

Service.....good....staff very friendly.....but don't really earn there tips.

Location right across the street from Chase Field....perfectly awesome for me.

Parking Lot a bit small....but there is street parking....however be careful of that.

The building itself is very small.....like a shack almost....but not terrible.

Public Transportation nearby....that is a plus for those who live downtown.

Pricing could be better.....3 pieces of chicken....2 sides.....and Cornbread....13 bucks.

They do take debit but there is 1.00 charge I think to use it.....that is pretty terrible....but since everything was pretty good we didn't complain. We also had a groupon deal 10 bucks we paid for 20 bucks worth of food....but with the pricing of the food we barely broke even....so don't know if it is worth it. All in all in was a pleasant experience....but unless you live downtown or are attending a game driving here just for soul food....might not be your best option. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
Great food. Good prices. Friendly service.

My friends and I ate here while attending the Phoenix Comicon not knowing anything about the place. We were pleasantly surprised. We weren't expecting soul food, but the chicken fried steak smothered in gravy and side of green beans hit the spot. 

Don't let the appearance of the building fool you (the windows are all barred up), the food is great.
This chicken was awesome. It was pretty darn delicious. HOWEVER, the inside of the chicken, how disappointing... It taste like the chicken hadn't really had time to marinade? The skin was seasoned perfectly and crispy so I made sure to get a bite of that in with every piece of meat.

The mac-n-cheese, mushy and not very tasty. The potato salad, yums!! Very good on that mix. And the corn bread, how disappointing. It was dry and tasteless. I was really looking forward to it too because corn bread and soul food, hand in hand right?? Not so much here :-\

I wanted to try Lolo's up the street but I think they were closed for construction or something. For some reason I have a feeling that place would be more of what I was looking for.
Outside of building is plain and doesn't pull you in but the food was really good! It is soul food and home made fresh as you wait not sitting in a pan waiting to dish up so it takes some time to get your order. I had the chicken fried steak you could cut it with a fork, Mac and cheese that was very creamy and much better then anything I have had in a while, Sweet Potato's that had flavor all the way through soaked into each spud. Yummy I couldn't finish it all there was so much, lots of food for a lunch so be prepared to take home a container. Corn bread was a little dry but you are suppose to use it to soak up your gravy as they do in the south so remember that it is not to be eatin dry as I think most are trying to do.

Staff is not overly friendly but they are not rude by any means. Good home cooked food which are the basics of the southern soul cooking.

If your looking for a high priced upper scale place this is not it! It is home cooked food in a basic diner feel that you would find in Alabama or a small town in Georgia  

Worth stopping by for good home cooked meal done southern style!
The 2 times we have gone there, they were closing.. What type of restaurant has soul food hours from 10:00-7:00? The average person gets off work at 5:00, that means you only have about a hour to get over there and eat. I will not be going back...ever.
When you go to Mrs. White's you will get down home food. You will also get down home service, which means prepare to be ignored while the staff talks and laugh among themselves.

The food was good but the only problem is if you go two hours before closing time they will be out of most (if not all) of the side dishes and desserts, which is very odd. You rarely find it crowded (except maybe on Sundays after church) so it seems as if they would rather have less sides or just enough than too much. I can't imagine a restaurant constantly "running out of food" all the time.

It took us about 45 minutes to get our food and only after the waitress told us every 15 minutes they had no more mac and cheese, then no more sweet potatoes, then no more greens. 

The chicken was very good and so was the cornbread, but I've been here several times and the service is the same.

As we were looking to pay our bill the owner (or someone related to Mrs. White I assume) was on the phone talking to someone about going out that night, over charged us, swore we owed more than we did (all the while he's still having a conversation on the phone) and when we finally told him he over charged us he just said "oh".

The food isn't enough to make up for the service and vanishing dessert and sides options, so I think I won't be going back.
Ew.. Let's start with that. I went into mrs whites skeptical of the help reviews. I figured I would either love it or hate it. I walked in and the staff could've cared less that I was there. I was yelled at from the counter to see if I wanted anything to drink. The sweet tea is very good, I will give them that. The staffs clothing was dirty and unkept. It looked like they hadn't brushes their hair in days. We were pretty neglected and got no useful tips from ordering off of their very limited menu. The food was okay, the cornbread and canned yams being the best. It was good to go see what everyone was taking about but I will not be back again.
The fried chicken is awesome and the portion sizes are huge. The only thing I didn't like was the peach cobbler. It was like eating peach soup because it was watered down.
The food is good, but I just cannot get past how horrible the service was. It took us almost 2 hours to order and eat our food, what were they doing? The restaurant was not full, it was not busy. Probably will not be going back.
Drove into Phoenix today and headed straight to Mrs. White's.  It seems we were a bit early, and we had to wait outside while it opened.  An employee came outside while we were waiting to grab a smoke.  He was friendly and started up a bit of conversation with my husband about the place.  It turns out he was one of the cooks.

When were able to finally get in, we were offered drinks, and ended up getting sweet tea, which I don't care for.  I got the smothered pork chop and two sides, the mac and cheese and the black eyed peas.  

We got a corn cake to eat while we waited and when the meal came it was pipping hot and very good. Service was excellent and prices were reasonable.  I recommend this place for some true southern food.
I've never actually stepped inside the place but I had a few take out meals brought to me by my folks over the years. Whenever I bit into a piece of fried chicken or breaded pork chop, I get an image of a motherly woman painstakingly cooking for a large family.
Whoever's got the Gold makes the rules and Mrs. White makes gold in that kitchen.

While I'm pretty sure that's not the golden rule Mrs. White is talking about, I think this one is more fitting! Her Smothered Chicken Fried Steak, dripping in gravy might as well have been dripping in gold, it tasted awesome! I ordered mine up with Mac N Cheese and Sweet Potatoes, deciding on those over the okra and the collard greens was tough, but worth it.

Unless you're on one of those reverse diet plans eating a minimum number of calories like an Olympic swimmer, you had better check you diets at the door; this ain't no place for calorie countin'. I told mine I was going out for a light jog on my lunch that day; "You really don't need to come along." I told her; I hope she bought it! 

The ambiance here is likened more to a waffle house experience than 5 star dining, with old school fast food type booths and seating. While you're here, read the wall closely enough, and you will find many Cool signatures penned right on to it. Famous musical entertainers, local and nationally accomplished athletes, and other famed diners can all be found to have dined here once upon a time.

Our waitress was surprisingly fit and trim for someone who serves food at a Soul Food spot. I had to ask, "Just how do you keep that girlish figure while working and dining here?" which she replied with "running back and forth with orders all day" and "hiking my favorite trails" on her off days. I have to note that she is now my new inspiration. Maybe I need to get a job here. I wonder how that would go over for my diet plan? Hmmmm.

Happy Yelping Phoenix, it's time to go for gold!
like home...smothered with gravy and love, with greasy and sassy service.
Having heard so much about Mrs. Whites, had to try it.

Known for its Fried Chicken, on my first trip I asked the Counter Waitress (very helpful by the way) what she suggested and she said "The Pork Chop." Well I came for the Fried Chicken so she suggested a "Combination Plate" with both. Glad she did!

The Pork Chop, thin and apparently pan fried was absolutely TERRIFIC! If I could have, I would have eaten the bone! Obviously a combination of coating and temperature, which is able to partially caramelize the small amount of fat on the Pork Chop, make it delectable. The Fried Chicken was a bit of a disappointment on both occasions. NOT the best I have had and honestly, I could almost do as well at home. Additionally, the breast piece (on both occasions) was anemic without much meat and skin. Sides? Mac and Cheese and the Cabbage are addictive. The best? CORNBREAD! Wonderful, hot, full of flavor and no butter is needed.

NOT a bargain at $13 without a drink for lunch (they are only open until 7 PM) but lots of choices besides the Pork Chop and Fried Chicken.
Okay, so I am rather new to town and have been to very famous and not so famous soul food restaurants around the world, and this one is to me, only decent.  I decided to try this restaurant out today after visiting an historical church for Sunday service, that is right across the street.  

As I walked over to the restaurant, I got giddy inside thinking that I would be welcomed by absolutely amazing down home soul food that I have experienced in Harlem, Houston, St. Louis, New Jersey, and even Philly, but I was not.  I knew that the ambiance was not going to be upscale, which is fine with me, but the food is not as exciting as the previous reviewers make it seem.  Maybe my taste buds are a little too snobby, but like I said I have had amazing soul food in other places, not just the South. 

Moving on, I had the fried chicken, mac n cheese, black eyed peas, cabbage, and corn bread.  I must say that the black eyed peas and corn bread were pretty good, but the cabbage lacked lots of flavor, and so did the fried chicken.  Also the fried chicken was very salty, but lacked flavor, which to me is a little oxymoronic. 

The waitress/waiter were very nice.  I will not go back because I do not feel like the meal was worth the $13.00 plus tax.

I will go over and try Lo-Los Chicken and Waffles soon and hopefully there, I will find delicious soul food that I left behind on the East Coast in New Jersey, NY, and Philly!
Posh to anyone who rates this place anywhere below 5-stars. Mrs. White is a sweetheart. The passion of everyone in the kitchen comes through in all their dishes. I have had just about everything on the menu, at least once, and find that it is still worth the drive, no matter how far out of the way I am to indulge in some of that delicious home cooking. Peach cobbler is an amazing aperitif when there's room or if any is left. However, it does not travel by plane well as we very messily found out one afternoon.
This is a tough one.  I'd found out about Mrs. White's by way of Lo-Lo's, and thought I'd try Mama's food before Son's.  It was good, I'll say that.  I had the smothered chicken and regretted it immensely - fried chicken covered with gravy amounts to a mess of watery breading.  Between that and having to dig through the mess to find the bones, it wasn't exactly a lot of meat down my throat.  Mac & Cheese and white rice as my sides were good.

The ambiance?  There IS none.  I found more entertainment from the writing on the wall, which had clearly been painted over MANY times since the 60s, and the open/close sign which reads, if closed, to contact "Jesus".  LOL.

Unaware of the church across the street, I arrived right after Sunday services to find the place fairly full - some churchgoers, at least one newcomer party, and several regulars.  Based on the caloric content of the entrees, I wasn't surprised to see about 50% obese customers, while the rest were inexplicably thin.

As a Whitey, I can't say that I was comfortable.  Clientele is almost all Black and while they are some of my best friends, I only felt welcome because of the cordial words spoken by our waiter and the cashier at the checkout, who clearly could have beat the crap out of me with one punch.  Other than that, there were a lot of "what are YOU doing here?" looks from fellow customers.  I kept wishing I had brought my sista friend with me, who would have loved this place.

I'd go back, but it's not a perfect choice.  Perhaps on a Saturday when church hadn't just let out.  Also, the price is extreme - it's almost as high as Knott's Berry Farm which gives you more food for only about $2 more, and that's at theme park prices.  This is just dumpy outskirts of downtown..but again, I don't wanna judge.  I love small business and I'm proud of Mrs. White for making it this long; hope she continues for a long time to come.
Visited again but seemed the menu is limited during the weekday.
First time eating soul food... my fabulous boss brought me here for a lunch meeting. Needless to say, the "meeting" went out the window and we just chowed down for a good hour. Red beans over rice, mac n cheese, cornbread, catfish... I felt like I was in the movie, Soul Food (can I be Nia Long for a day?) 

Five stars based on food only. Service wasn't great... girl at the counter had an attitude problem, or maybe just had a bad day - but no excuses for trying to mess up my experience! Go here anyway!
I'm a huge proponent of The Golden Rule. Ever since I was a little girl the words "Do unto others as you would have them do unto you" has resonated with me. Clearly, to Mrs. White The Golden Rule goes a step further to making truly delicious soul food.  The place is quaint and feels like you're sitting down to eat at somebody's home or at a church dinner.  There is simply no substitute for Mrs. Whites.  From the cornbread to the catfish everything is seasoned superbly.  Real soul food with real soul. Guaranteed.
Down Home in Phoenix!
Be prepared for some culture shock and forget about your diet for the day.

Great southern cooking in a funky building... interesting atmosphere, with customer graffiti on the walls.

Worth a try for the experience!
Soul Food to ease your Soul. Simply amazing food that will fill you up and stick to your ribs.
I went to the establishment as a expert of soul food.  If Mrs White's was anywhere in the south, it would not have gotten any accolades.  Don't get me wrong.  The fried chicken was good, with a perfect texture and crunchy outside.  And if I was only grading it on the chicken, she would have been "movin on up" status but the mac and cheese was a poor excuse.  Bland and as close to store bought without purchasing from KFC as you can get.  The red beans and rice were worse.  But what was I expecting in Phoenix as far as soul food goes?  I have seen 3 african americans since arriving to PHX and 2 worked at Mrs Whites.  I suggest sticking to the tex-mex...
I spent many formative years in Eastern North Carolina & I can certainly appreciate some good home cooking - this place definitely satisfies that craving. I had the most amazing smother/friend pork chops (their seasoning is delish), mixed greens & black eyed peas - sweet tea and the only reason I can't give more stars is because they were out of the peach cobbler I have heard so many great things about - however, the apple pie I had instead was definitely yummy. I plan to make this a reg spot once I move uptown - :)
MMM, southern fried chicken... but I was really disappointed that they didn't have a boneless option.  Unfortunately, I can't each meat off a bone, so no chicken for me :(

I loved the unsweetened iced tea!  It had such a good flavor.

They did have a vegetarian option, a vegetable plate that came with all the vegetables.  The portion was huge.  The flavor of all the vegetables wasn't the greatest; it was rather bland.  Plus, I noticed standing water at the bottom of the plate, so I'm not sure if the veggies were drained properly.  

They accept credit cards, but only Visa and MasterCard.
I have been wanting to try this place for years!  I just want to say that it takes a lot for me to complain or for that matter to write a negative review...I would rather not say anything at all.  You know...that whole "if you have nothing nice to say don't say anything at all" rule!  That being said...we were so disappointed.  Customer service was hit and miss...the waiter was nice enough...the waitress was...ummm... lets say rough around the edges.  As for the food....seriously bland.  Not gross....but not good by any means.  Mediocre at best.  Some cornbread showed up out of the blue when we were almost done with our meals.  The waitress seemed  offended that we didnt eat much of it.  Oh well...we will be marking this one off the list.  : /
Don't come here. They are out of everything by 6pm. Staff seemed angry the place was full. Pork chop was cooked enough for a whole pig.
Everything I've tried at this place has ranged from excellent to phenomenal.  It's a very simple place with a limited menu of fried chicken, pork chops, catfish and other basic Southern food.  The catfish dinner is one huge(!) slab of fish with a really tasty batter.  The okra gumbo, available only on weekends, is excellent (try a couple dashes of hot sauce to liven it up).  On top of that the prices are cheap.  Service is friendly, and while sometimes they get really packed and it's a bit slower, it's never bad.
This place charges $15 a PLATE for a meat and two sides....that would be fine if it were in a comparable location and somewhere you wouldn't mind eating in...instead the place is dirty, old and they charge for EVERYTHING....debit card usage - there's a charge for that (which is illegal)..if you specify which pieces of chicken you would like instead of what they give you - that's a extra charge...if you use the ATM machine located inside etc....

The food itself is BLAND...in case anyone hasn't noticed, the candied yams and greens are from a can - called GLORY, yes you too can have this at home, the gravy is bland and lack seasonings...if you get red beans and rice - there's your 2 sides...it's not a combo like one would expect.

Overall the chicken and anything else here fried is great, but the box mix cornbread (May be Jiffy but it taste like Glory also) and "urban" decor is a no-go. If you spend $50 for 2 ppl to eat (which you will here if you get a drink) you're better off going for a descent steak dinner instead.

I'm sure these folks have remained in business due to the businesses in the surrounding area and "other" folks that don't know what true soul food tastes like (see Amera's review lol) so they are more than happy to hand over their money and call it THE BEST THING EVER...But Mrs. White and her friends/family (whoever works the place) would be laughed out of other authentic soul food/Southern areas of the country..

This is the equivalent to Taco Bell serving Mexican Food and calling themselves Carolina's.
My son and I were downtown and I decided to introduce him to Mrs. Whites, a place I had not been to in several decades. We ordered the fried chicken and the pork chops. We never got any cornbread. I got maccaroni rather than the requested rice and gravy. The photos on the menu implied a pair of bone in chops rather than the boneless pieces of dry pork loin in a flavorless crust I was served, one at a time. The fried chicken was inconsistent in that some parts were rare and others overcooked! Finally we were charged an additional 70 cents for the luxury of using a credit card. So the meal was $13 a plate plus two and change each for weak sweet tea and lemonade. The biggest waste of $38 in recent memory. The servers were surly and disinterested. Mrs. White would be embarrassed at what has transpired since her departure. 
I long for the days in the 70's when Lucille's Soul Food Cafe was on Washington with her 'real deal' oxtails and genuinely delicious food. This place is the WORST!
Went about 3 years ago and I have not considered going back! Just nasty to me. Enough said!
yes, yes yes. Exactly what I was hoping it would be. I've been waiting to try this spot for a  VERY long time, but wifey doesn't eat fried chicken much but a friend invited us so it was a perfect time to check it out. It's exactly what I expected in a Soul Food restaurant. Small, friendly and great food. Now I will say to bring a bushel of patience with you as everything moves kind of slow here but that's okay with me, I came knowing that so no issue. The menu items are all $13 and you get your main dish and 2 sides. I went with the fried chicken with mac and cheese and mixed greens. Wifey had the Chicken Fried Steak, okra gumbo (awesome!) and mac and cheese. They also brought out fresh corn bread. Not my thing, but wifey really liked it. I also was able to get a big ole glass of Kool Aid with my meal, score!  The chicken was super fresh, juicy and perfectly seasoned. The greens and mac and cheese were also done to perfection. All in all, a text book Southern meal. I'll for sure be back when I'm in the mood. Nicely done Mrs. Whites, you have a new fan
This place has been around since I was born and critics seem to love this place. I am a big fan of Lolo's so this place should be even better right? I brought two of my foodie friends and we were excited about trying this place. Our high expectations were shattered with the worst service I've ever had and just downright lame food. The "world famous fried chicken" (which took 20 minutes to bring) tasted like Banquet frozen chicken. The server brought our cornbread 10 minutes after our lousy chicken. We had no silverware for a while.  My other colleague ordered the special ribs. He compared them to the McRib sandwich which I thought was an insult to Mickey D's. The men's bathroom didn't have hand towels to add to our misery. The coup de gras was we paid $16 for a crappy chicken plate and an iced tea. 
Everybody has a bad day but if you've been around for 48 years, you have no excuses.
Wow good
I have read some pretty negative and hateful comments about this place.   I personally liked this place and will return.  Coming here, you can see there is zero ambiance, but its the food that counts.  I know when I walked in the ambiance would suck.... Service wasn't the greatest.  What counts for me is the food. Portions were huge. My plate overflowed.  I ordered  fried chicken and boyfriend had catfish.  Both were extremely delicious.  Had a homemade quality and much better than fast food.  I will return and try other dishes.  Don't expect great service and don't expect the prettiest place to sit, expect good home cooked food. I think we were supposed to get corn bread but it never came either....
Wanted to eat here for a long time, was not disappointed. Large portions, great comfort food the way it is suppose to be. Shared the Moist Pork Chops, Fried Catfish, Fried Chicken. The sides are great also, cornbread, potato salad and mac & cheese and of course kool aid. We were fortunate there was no wait and also had parking available. The portions were very generous and actually made 2 1/2 meals. The staff was friendly and very helpful on deciding what to order. Can't wait to go back. You have to try this iconic place.
Lunch: Out of friend chicken. Only pork chops available. Two of the side dishes I wanted to order were "out" too. Me thinks not. Didn't order anything. Left and went to LoLo's. 

The owner of LoLo's is Mrs. White's Grandson. At least he knows how to run a restaurant.
Yes! I am giving it a 1 star. 

I think I am a bit biased though because I have had Sweetie Pie's (being as I'm from STL) so I know good soul food PLUS my aunt owns a bakery and is a awesome cook when it comes to southern food. 

This place? Absolutely NOT! The meals should NOT be 15 a plate.. it's not worth it at all. People always put this place on a high pedal stool and I don't know why. Me and my BF decided to try this place on a whim and I was greatly disappointed. I got the smothered pork chops... cold, bland, and looked old. Let's not even get on the corn bread... super dry! I seriously don't think this place is worth 15 bucks a plate. 


On the other hand Lo Lo's (DOWNTOWN location) it's GOOD! So good when my cousin was in town for a day I suggested this place of ALL places I know. And she is a harsh critic but she approved! I know for a fact she would not approve of this place. Neither do I. 

Thing is... this place is owned by Ms. White and Lo Lo's is owned by I think her grandson or something so you would THINK the food and the way it taste would kinda coincide.
overpriced for overfried food. We went about an hour before closing and they took forever to bring food. just no customer service it was like you were inconvience to them being there.. I'm sure at one time this place was great at one time but no longer.
This place is AMAZING!  The real deal!

I was traveling in PHX and someone recommended we try this place out.  We did and went back three times that week.  I was back for a conference and I dragged a group there and they loved it too!

The fried chicken and the breaded pork chops were amazing.  I really enjoyed the mac and cheese and there is nothing like washing it down with a hugh glass of ice cold fruit punch.

I can't wait until my next trip to PHX...this will definitely be a stop!
Just Like the South

We love your typical meat-and-three type restaurants across the South.  We never expected to find such a place in Arizona.  At Mrs White's, you would think that you were in Nashville or Birmingham.

The fried chicken was delicious and the mixed greens very nice.  I do wish that they had mashed potatoes.

Unfortunately, they had run out of their famous peach cobbler, so we'll have to go back.
Ok the food is worth trying I will give them that. But the way they lie and treat you the customer is just awful. We originally ordered catfish and they came back about 4 minutes later and told us they didn't have catfish. A customer walked in about 20 minutes after that and when the waitress said they didn't have catfish the big man that runs the place spoke up and said "yes yes we do have catfish". I think he only told that customer they have catfish because he is biased. I am white and they didn't want to serve white people the good stuff it was only for their special guests or other black people. The waitress didn't smile once; when i asked if they had coca cola or dr. pepper she said "NO!" in a very hateful tone and looked at me like i was scum. I felt like I wasn't welcome there the whole time I was there. Gave me the suspicious eye. Let's get rid of the prejudice people. We. Can. All. Get. Along. Anyways if your black, they will call you brother or sister and give you the royal treatment but whites should stay away unless you want shitty ass service.
It was good but not great.  Went there for an early lunch at 1130am.  The chicken was great.  Lots of big pieces.  However it tool almost 45 minutes to get served and I thought it was a bit expensive.  The 3 peice meal and a drink came to over $17 plus tip.
I would really give this a 4.5 if I could, just because it was HOT inside the restaurant, and for the $.75 credit card fee.  Either way the fried chicken was AMAZING; truly a gift from God.  The skin was super crispy and seasoned well, and the meat was juicy.  I know $13 may seem a bit steep for one plate, but this includes a half a chicken and 2 generous portions of sides.  My boyfriend and I both had to take some home.  I was worried that it would get soggy after a couple hours in the fridge, but it was still good as a midnight snack.
Listed on Phoenix top 50 things to do, well take it off.  Sat at the counter, watching an interesting news story. Young guy comes and changes channel to sports then walks away (really). Alot of young people working, guy sweeping the floors then picks up plate from window to serve.  Catfish was ok, greens all stems, mac n cheese no flavor, black eye peas mushy like they were old/reheated. Lemonade good, not too sweet. Left disappointed, would not go back or recommend.
Overall, this place is pretty good.  The price is a bit high, but I enjoyed the fried chicken and chicken fried steak that I had here.  On the down side, the black eyed peas tasted like the canned variety and I felt the cornbread was a tad too dry.  I would also avoid this place on a busy day - fresh fried food takes awhile.

I think Lolo's and Golden Rule are run by the same family (or are related somehow) and the two are quite similar. In my opinion Lolo is a full star better though, and if you are reading Yelp to decide between the two then I would recommend passing on Golden Rule.
I was very disappointed today in the service,food overall & the long time to get our food. (1.5 hours). There were only two other tables & they were served before us. The five dinners were brought out one by one. To think I came here on my birthday to celebrate?! Should of gone to Lolo's as the rest of the gang wanted to. At least Lolo's can say thank you & sorry.
And....no cooler or A/C in the back part of the restaurant.
Soul Food it is! I could not pass up the catfish, mixed greens, sweet tea and cornbread! Delicious. My family is from the South so simple soul food is near and dear to my heart!
This place looks as plain as the food tastes. I could get a 3 piece meal at KFC with a drink for half the price of what  I paid for lunch here. 14.00 vs 7.00....

Just because it's homemade doesn't make it better....

The only thing good here was the Coleslaw (taste like KFC).

Keep your money and move on. There are plenty of places besides this one that serve much better food and service it's just not Mrs Whites :-(
Everything was sooo sooo good!!! We had ox tails, fried chicken, greens, black eyed peas, cornbread & the kool-aid was on point and we can't forget the peach cobbler. .. May God continue to bless this place!! :)
I have been driving all the way from the far east valley every week to get down with this "Real" food! I have been eating here for 21 years, and know bubba and Mrs. White very well . I remember Several times not being able to eat in the early after noon because traveling R&B groups would pack this place beyond belief ! James Brown would always block the street with his tour busses and the parking lot was cut off! He was telling Mrs. White how anemic he became unless he had his fill of her love food, and he would thank her during the concerts at the Celebrity theater! Al Green and Ray Charles were regular sights at that place. I am White, and dine at lunch time only, the place is packed with local attorneys, cops and business people. At night it's a different clientele altogether . AS GOD is my witness, the BEST cabbage, chicken fried steak, black eyed peas and beef ribs inn the world are served here! Mrs. White called her 41 year old place the Golden Rule Cafe, because nothing is written down, and it's on the honor system . You simply go to the reg and tell what your order was, and pay. CASH ONLY but an ATM is in the lobby. Mrs. White is a MIGHTY woman of God, and allows no cussing or foul behavior inn her place. It is shabby but the food is six diamonds! And, it is Clean! She has feed thousands of hungry and broke strangers without charge! I feel like Mrs. White is a national Mama to us all! We all love her, and her ministry of old time country cooking! Gov. Brewer has been here many times, and you can feel very safe and welcome here.
I loved this little restaurant. I was visiting my boyfriend for the weekend and googled this place. It had the best fried chicken we could ever want. It was really moist and juicy, but crispy. The service was good and consistent. If you want soul food that is mouth watering then this is the place. I will definitely return here in the future. Didn't have room for desserts, but I'm looking forward to the peach cobbler.
Great greens, sweet potatoes, and Mac and cheese.  Chicken was flavorful and crispy but unfortunately dry.
My wife nd I went to Mrs. Whites yesterday for lunch. My wife had the fried chicken, candied yams and macaroni and cheese. She said the fried chicken was excellent and the candied yams were the best she ever had. I had the smothered pork chops and cabbage. The pork chop was absolutely wonderful. We had sweet tea and lemonade to drink both were outstanding. I would go back for sure. My only complaint was the place is a little dirty it would be nice if they would clean the tables, sweep the floor and  just do a little better job of cleaning. I was thinking if they did such a terrible job of cleaning the front of the house I wonder how thorough they are in washing the plates cups and utensils.
I wish there could be negative stars because this place would receive probably a -2. It's perhaps the most disappointing dining experience of my life. The food wasn't good. The service was worse. I really don't have the words to describe how awful our experience here was. How this place keeps making must visit lists is beyond me. No joke Churches is a better fried chicken experience, at least you don't have to wait 45 minutes for slop.
The quality vs value of this place has completely plummetted in recent times and I had a very disappointing visit a few weeks ago. I had met a couple of friends for lunch who had never been here before. Told them that it was one of the best soul food places I've ever been to, which at time of stating had been quite true. I've been coming here for about seven or eight years and I remember when the food used to cost $8.80 per plate - AND after your meal someone was always walking around offering the dessert of the day to everyone. Quaint and tasty and decently priced. Now, everything is almost double that, over $14 per plate. And the flavours have gone downhill. I told these guys the cornbread at Mrs White's was all-world. Out comes stale shitty cornbread that I guarantee was made the previous day - we got there at just after 11am so I KNOW it wasn't fresh. One of my friends asked for mac and cheese, they didn't have it. Also didn't have red beans and rice, which is what I normally order. Um, ok. I asked for smothered chicken. The other two asked for fried chicken. Out come three plates of fried chicken. I was too hungry to care. Then the guy comes out and says they DO have mac and cheese. Whatever. Collard greens aren't flavourful at all - almost like something steamed out of a Green Giant freezer pack. Fried chicken was okay, but not anything better than Church's and three times the price. And nobody offered any dessert, not that we would have had it anyway.

The bill for all three of us came to $48!! For basically something I could have cobbled together myself and I'm not even kidding. Kraft mac and cheese would have been tastier. Fried chicken takes a little while but isn't rocket science. Collard greens are a twenty-five cent side, and I almost broke my tooth on the cornbread. This place went from a treat to a disaster in one horrible visit. Won't be back unless and until they literally halve their prices and go back to the quality hole-in-the-wall they used to be. At least they accept credit cards now - only took them a half century to figure that out. And to top it off, their website is just as jacked up as their prices. 2 stars.
I've eaten here many times over the past 6 years and absolutely loved the food every time.  Never had better fried pork chops anywhere...sweet potatoes are awesome too!  I've been bragging about this place to my family out of state for years....while the family was in town yesterday, we stopped in for lunch anticipating a wonderful meal.  There were only two booths seated when we arrived...the two young men that waited on us were pleasant and attentive, but the meal we got was just ok.  The moist succulent (fried) pork chops were not either.  Typically you get two nice bone in center cut pork chops that are juicy on the inside and crunchy on the outside.  What we got were two chops (one boneless chop and one super thin bone in chop). One was tasty and one like jerky.  Sweet potatoes and greens were great, gravy on rice was watery and flavorless, same with potatoes and green beans.  Corn bread was served cold and chewy, not made that day.  Things have changed and not for the better....they have never been known for their service, but the food had been so good I was willing to overlook this.  I hope this was just a fluke and the once wonderful food returns soon!
The original chicken that started it all and spun off LoLos. Amazing, quirky, hole in the wall. Bad staff, lousy seats, super slow service...it's all part of the, charm? Always. Love it.
This place is truly amazing! I had always heard about how good it was and finally had the opportunity to eat here the other night before attending a show at the Orpheum. I went with the Fried Chicken and had the rice-gravy and mac & cheese as my sides. With the complimentary corn bread to go with it you can't go wrong. The service was very good and I will hopefully be back in the near future!
I walked to this restaurant from my hotel, on the advice of www.roadfood.com, for carry-out. I love soul food, and had the St. Louis Sweetie Pie's standard in my background by way of comparison. Sweetie Pie's is much better, faster, and cheaper. I had the chicken, which was good. I also ordered collard greens and green beans. The collard greens were excellent, but the green beans were pale and mushy, as if they'd come from a can. The restaurant wasn't crowded, so I was able to observe a customer at the counter successfully negotiating with the restaurant staff for free carry-out food for her family function. Meanwhile, that same staff forgot that I had already paid for my food, and tried to charge me twice. I had paid in cash and had been given no receipt or bill, so I couldn't begin to prove my honesty in the matter. A little uncomfortable, needless to say.
Great greens and chicken, good staff. You might wait a bit for the food, but it's worth it.
Been coming here for a few months, but tonight was just perfect.  I always get the same thing - chicken fried steak (gravy is so bomb), cabbage, and red beans and rice.  Yum yum yum.  With a drink comes out to just under $17 - so worth it.  Staff has always been very friendly, and Mr. White is hilarious.
My sister and brother-in-law suggested we try this place for a to-go order of fried chicken. Although it took a bit to figure out what menu item/items were best for the occasion, everyone I spoke to was just AMAZING. It goes without saying that the chicken was delicious but the reason I give this place five stars is more about the people. Service with a smile, for sure! Thank you, Mrs. Whites!
I'm not going to complain that it's not a 5 star restaurant, but I figured that a Soul Food restaurant across from the oldest Black Church in Phoenix had to have good soul food! Catfish is my weakness and this place has it! Delicately fried and moist and tendered on the inside. It was perfection. I had it with mixed greens and Southern sweet tea. My Soul food cravings were more than satisfied! I WILL be back again and again!
Stopped in for lunch and had the chicken fried steak (about the size of my head), cabbage, and red beans -  add a drink and it was still well under $20. Food was hot and flavorful and seasoned just right. A little bit  rough setting but more than made up for it with the food and ultimately that's what you're there for right? 

Staff seemed a little overwhelmed and probably could have used one more person. 

Definitely will be back!
From what my mother tells me the food she had was excellent. However I couldn't even touch mine. I'll explain, I ordered the smothered pork chops and the waitress brought my plate to the wrong table. The people at that table began to pick at the food. Then the waitress realized her mistake and came back and grabbed the food from them. Instead of making me a new plate ( which would of been another 20 min wait) she took in the back for about 5 sec and walked back out and handed me the plate like there was no mistake made. I'm not much of a germaphobe but the whole experience seemed a little unsanitary.
My order....Red Kool-aid, chicken, sweet potatoes,   mac n cheese and corn bread. Asked for honey and hot sauce on the side. Hubby ordered the cat fish, green beans and mac n cheese.  Verdict.....same as usual. ...it's fricken delicious. Love sitting at the counter where you can catch the smells of food cooked with love wafting from the kitchen. Pricy but with it.
Went here for a late lunch before the Diamondbacks game.  Despite it being close to 2:00 PM, it was pretty busy. The waitstaff was very friendly, but overall I found them to be quite slow and inattentive.  We were waiting for what seemed like an eternity when one of the waitresses (not the one who took our order) quipped "Are y'all movin' in or what?".  She immediately went to check on our order and brought it out a couple of minutes later. I had the fried chicken with macaroni and cheese and green beans as the sides. My companion had chicken fried steak with mac/cheese and black eyed peas.  We both agreed the food was OUTSTANDING.  Kick up the service a couple notches and I will gladly give this place 5 stars.
Came for lunch. Ordered fried chicken and pork chops. Mac and cheese, apple sauce, and rice with gravy. Sweet tea and koolaid. We may as we'll have licked our plates. Everything was absolutely delicious. And everyone working was so friendly and welcoming. Thank you!!!
If this review was only for the food i would give it a higher score. Over priced but very good. Waiter seemed a little overworked but he did a fine job. However, when we went to pay we were stuck standing there for about 10 minutes until an older gentleman finally came out and barely said a word to me. He pulled the receipt and tossed it at me without saying a word. I signed it only to make sure the waiter got his tip and the man tossed my copy at me the same way. The man was incredibly rude and i will never ever return. Ill stick with lolo's.
I honestly don't know how anyone can rate this restaurant more than 1 star.  We saw this restaurant featured on Check Please Arizona and being from the south, we were excited to try it.  I decided to take my husband there for his birthday.  Let me start off with the review of the food - it was terrible.  The chicken was greasy, and had no flavor.  The sides were as bad as a school cafeteria.  But the service is even worse!  We arrived around 1:30 on a Saturday.  There were 2 large tables of people and a few other tables but still lots of empty tables (the place is pretty small).  We chose a table in the back - huge mistake, because it reeked of the smells from the bathroom.  But I wanted to try to stay positive since it was my husband's birthday.  We waited only a few minutes before a waiter came by to give us menus and get our drink order.  We ordered non-sweet tea - however, we got one sweet and one non-sweet, we were able to get that remedied, but when the waiter came back to give us the tea, he wouldn't take our order even though we said we were ready.  He said he had to get a pencil and paper and would be back. Well, he didn't come back for almost 45 minutes!  That's not to say he wasn't around, when the large table's food was ready, the brought out the plates one by one - several minutes apart.  Several other tables came in during this time, while we were still waiting to order, he actually took he new tables orders before ours!  Finally, I spoke up next time he was in our vicinity and told him we still hadn't ordered.  Even after this, it took him about 10 minutes to come back!  We should have walked out, but now it was a mission to see how long it would take.  After we ordered, we waited again.  At some point, a man came out and asked a table near us, but who had came in well after us, how long they had been waiting, and this nice lady told him that our table had been waiting longer than hers.  Turns out, they got their food before we did!  In fact several tables that came in after us got food before us.  Finally, we got our food and let me say that I have had better fried chicken from KFC - I actually think they might have gotten the chicken from KFC, because I don't remember the smell of chicken frying in the restaurant.  And of course they got our sides wrong.  At the end of our meal, a lady came by again to the table near us and apologized for the delay and asked if she could provide a dessert on the house, again the nice lady customer informed the employee that in fact we had been there much longer than them, The employee then just looked at us and reluctantly came to our table and asked us if we wanted dessert.  Having lived in the south, I am familiar with racial tensions, and I have read the other Yelpers mentioning the disparity of service for non-dark customers, this place is worse than anything I have ever experienced.  Two hours waiting for a lunchtime meal!  That's CRAZY!  I felt unwelcome and unimportant to the business.  I will never go there again.  And after all of that, it was $34.00!!  Maybe they charge by the number of minutes you occupy the table?  I think I owe my husband another birthday dinner....
This place sucks.  The brother of the current owner owns LOLOs Chicken and Waffles.  Go to LoLos.  If you want to experience reverse racism as a white person go to the Golden Rule.  Complete ahole is running his mother's landmark into the ground.
We went about 3 pm on a Saturday, place was close to empty. Not sure if that was bc of the heat or recent negative reviews but either way it was nice for us. 

FOOD: I'll start with the most important part, the food!!! For the food alone, 5 stars!! I got the catfish sandwich and cabbage, so delicious. My hubby got fried chicken, mac n cheese, and sweet potatoes. Everything tasted great and the portions where big. My picky 2 year old ate half my catfish and his dads chicken, we were amazed at that alone. As others have said, the food took a long time to come out, about 30 to 45. When it came out, it was hot and fresh. Quality food will only cook so fast so I'm not going to complain too much about the wait.

SERVICE: Staff was prompt, friendly and very polite. Everyone seemed down to earth. To some they may seem a little too laid back which may come off as unprofessional, but we didn't mind. The food is southern style soul food, it isn't suppose to be served by uptight people in a suit and tie. 

ATMOSPHERE: Its a small establishment which is cool but it still could use a little work. Booths were loose and barely enough room under the table. We kept stepping on each others shoes. For people with little kids this may be important. They only had 2 high chairs, both were dirty and could have used a quick wipe down by staff before being put back. Bath room could use a little remodel and felt like a sauna. I washed my hands and ran out. It was also warm in the dinning room. In a triple digit summer quality AC is a must!! 

Overall, we liked it even with some issues here and there. We will be going back.
hit gritz for brunch last weekend.  pleasant little cafe, southern influenced.  sad to say, i could not try some of the southern specialties - had to settle for scrambled eggs, a hot link and some turkey sausage.  eggs - boring, but i don't hold that against them, the link - tasty, the turkey sausage was a little rubbery.  my guess, pre-cooked then reheated via the micro.

disappointed that they use all plastyic utensils, plates, etc.  but again, not a biggie.

this is the kind of local place that you hope will succeed.  and sorry, had to pass on the grits.  low carbin'
I've never been to a 'soul food' restaurant before and I'm not exactly sure on how much entrees are supposed to cost, but the prices of their entrees were priced between $10 and $15, about as much as an Olive Garden. There are smaller sandwiches for less than $10, but I'm not a sandwich type of girl.

Nonetheless, I thought the food was pretty good. The catfish was delicious. I also had greens, but it didn't taste as good as homemade. The cornbread was okay; I've had better.

The waiters were really attentive. This could have been due to them being really nice or the place being super small; there were less than 10 tables. So, if you plan on bringing a big party, you might want to set up a reservation (if they take them) or just head somewhere else.

I would definitely go back though. I want to try the rest of the menu and the people were very nice.
I like the food; I think I ordered a 'rich boy' sandwich.  It was really crowded when I went and there isn't a lot of parking because it's next to a beauty school.  I'd probably call-in  my order next time and just pick it up.
This is not a full blown soul food restaurant because the "soul food" selections are very limited.  In addition to a small collection of southern cooking you can choose from an assortment of po-boys and breakfast items.  This place is small and the service is nothing special.
Last week my mom and I were on the other side of town for business reasons and we stopped to have lunch at Gritz through a recommendation of a guy who worked in the neighborhood. Since it was the closest place we could walk to since we have to rely on public transportation and had time to kill, Gritz seemed like a different kind of place to try some soul food.

The staff were very accommodating since my mom is handicapped and has to travel in a motorized scooter. I had grilled pork chops with eggs and potatoes and my mom had the special of the day, a turkey and bacon sandwich with fries. I was a little disappointed by the chops - they were a little thin and dry for my taste. Also, I got confused when I thought the hot sauce was ketchup and accidentally poured it all over my eggs! But it wasn't as bad as I thought. The potatoes were decent, but I had to put some salt on them to jazz up the taste. I wish I had the same thing my mom had because that turkey sandwich looked a lot more appetizing.

For dessert we split a lemon cake which was pretty delicious. Although the meal was a little pricey ($20 for both of us for a casual restaurant is a little much), I may go back there again. I rarely go to that part of town and it's a little off the beaten path. It's not easily found unless you live and work near that part of town (Lake Mead and MLK). Overall, it's a decent little place to have breakfast or lunch if you're looking for something out of the ordinary.
We went for mid-day breakfast today.  My husband and son had the waffles and wings which they enjoyed.  I had chicken fried steak, which was covered in gravy not just a dollop like most places.  We all agreed that it was better than the last place we had chicken fried steak.  My husband can't wait to go back to try their catfish and sides.  Will tell his friends about this place.
this restaurant was very good. the service was good. the place is knida small so get there early
The Chicken & Waffles are great !!!  Very friendly staff. The Gritz are always perfect !!! I go every Saturday morning & treat the office staff.
service: great

food: grrrreat
(omg the potatoes, catfish && the chicken)
wish i can have some now mmhhhhh

its a small place but sooooooo worth it!!!!!!

loves it!!!!
Delicious catfish! The eggs and english muffin that came with them were also good. Tried my friend's sausage and it was delicious too. 

Service was friendly and the staff came by our table often. The only thing I was not sold on was the desserts. They said their grandma makes them, but they tasted store-bought and the sweet potato pie I had was frozen in the middle.
omg! wow!!! that was amaze-balls!!!! BF had biscuts and gravy he loved it i had catfish and cheddar jalapino(sp?) grits! wowwww!!! service was sooo nice!!!! the cute short girl with short hair was so sweet. we WILL be back! we used our groupon and after that we paid $6!!! worth every single penny!!! the sweet tea was fantastic!
Might be a fine place if you are not a transracial family with small children.    We are, and when the server came to deliver our waters and my coffee she said "you need to get your kid under control, we don't have insurance for stuff like that" (he had been walking between where I was sitting at the table and where my husband was ordering). I respected her comment and turned to tell my son that he needed to stay in his seat. As I was turned she put our waters in the middle of the table, and my coffee in front of my 15 month old daughter. My daughter grabbed it and screamed, and when I turned back to attend to my daughter the server said "See, what did I tell you?" I grabbed the kids and told my husband we needed to go.  They were sure to charge us for the coffee. Very disappointed in the way my children and I were treated.
OMG... This place is a must try for breakfast... MY goodness, the grits are always on point (everytime I've had them), the cheese eggs and the fried catfish. yum yum yum... Delicious... Everytime I visit Vegas I make my way to Gritz.. :) Love this place...  The chicken wings are just as good. Yum yum yum.. Go ahead and try it. It's a hidden little place but it's worth finding and dining. The staff are always pleasant as well. Enjoy and happy eating..
Special hidden gem.  This place has been open since 2008 and has only 15 reviews.  I would have never hit this place up had it not been for a Groupon coupon ($7 for $15 in food)

This is Soul food at its finest.  We had their chicken and waffles which comes with one waffle and 3 whole chicken wings.  I made love to them chicken wings.  I don't leave any meat, skin, or cartilage on the bone.  The bone is sucked dry and rightfully so as it is perfectly seasonsed with the delicious cripsness.  The waffles are similar to Roscoe's in texture but the flavor was really good.  I wish the waffles were a little crisp but they are more of a pancake waffle texture.

In addition to the chicken and waffles, we tried their Grits which were butterty, rich, and went down smoothly with the Chicken and Waffles.  Throw in a side of greens and 2 drinks and w/o the Groupon it was only $21. 

Ok I'm not being racist here but you have to judge the food by its loyal customers.  For instance, if you go to a Korean restaurant and see 99% white people, it's probably not good....right?   As we walked into Gritz with all 9 of its tables, we were the only non-AA people there.   To me, that means I hit the jackpot when it comes to soul food.  Sorry....I had to go there....but it's true.  At least I'll say it :)

The owners were super nice and chatted with us about the food.  We told them we'll be back and for good reason.  Cheap, delicious, home comfort food at its finest.  Considering how much love M&M gets, Grifz Cafe should as well.  Be sure to check them out!
Born and raised in the deep south, this place would be be one of the best restaurants back home. Can't be missed if this is your thing. Went for the first time and had catfish the catfish breakfast with potatoes and chicken and waffles with cheese grits.

Notice how virtually none of the "bad" ratings came from people who have actually been to this kind of restaurant before.
This place is a hidden gem, I had their chicken and waffles and my husband had their catfish.We waited for 20 min for our food but it was worth it because everything is fresh and made to order. The food is nicely flavored no hot sauce or special condiment needed. As far as the service, nothing to complain about . The only thing is they open at 7am-3pm I just don't understand why they would close so early with all the business they get.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat there again.
Bomb dot com! Is the best phrase to describe this establishment. My goodness the food here is amazing. I'm from New Orleans, LA and haven't found a good soul food resturaunt in Vegas yet. Every place I've been is all imitation. But Gritz Cafe, the best soul food business in town!

I order the Louisiana special for breakfast on my visit. Four grilled hot links, scrambled eggs with cheese, butter biscuits, and southern style potatoes were on my plate baby. I ate it all in about 3 minutes with room for seconds lol. The best breakfast I've had in years since my mama's cooking.

The sitting area is pretty small and seating is limited. The place was packed and we had to wait til a table cleared before we got to sit down. Thankfully a family was leaving before our food was ready or else we would've been forced to take our food to go. The pricing of the food was expected and worth every penny. But you can always call in your order before arriving.

I will definitely visit this resturaunt again, and again, and again.
GREAT CONCEPT. AVERAGE EXECUTION. 
* A palace called GRITZ should have better ones. Or, at least, more options of them ( like-regular, cheese polenta, w/red eye gravy, etc) not just the option of "toppings"
* Potatoes are good
* Everything fresh and cooked to order
* Nice cozy inside
* Good service
* Price a little high for what you get - lower the price and its fine. Or, keep the cost the same but raise the level of execution. A place called Gritz, located in the "Hood", priced pointed high, should have some more soul to its food...more "stank" on it. But all in all Ive had worse. Ive been to this type of place all over the US...heck Ive been to this place before. I respect the effort  and would return.
This might be my new fav breakfast spot; smells like moms chicken grease, next to a beauty shop, and gospel on the radio should be good. Food didn't dissapoint.
My dining companion recommended this place...  I was game for some soul food so I figured, 'why not?'  

I was looking forward to juicy fried chicken and was disappointed to find out they only served fried chicken wings. I ordered 8 wings and my friend got the catfish po' boy. 

Her sandwich came out within 6 minutes but I waited 25 minutes for my meal. After the 20 minute mark I asked one of the workers if my order was coming up soon and she replied with a sarcastic "no it's not" and then cackled like that was funny. 

When I finally received the wings I realized why it's called "fowl." The chicken was dried and unseasoned. Eating them filled me with a sense of sorrow. I became depressed thinking multiple chickens sacrificed their appendages for this soulless food. I contemplated vegetarianism. 

I give this establishment 2 tines on my trademarked five-pronged review fork. I will not return.
Oh holy sweet baby Jesus this place is GOOD!

Fried chicken and waffles!  so good!  We all loved our meals.

Everyone was so nice and the place is spotless!  only 2 bad things:  1) very limited seating, there's maybe 10 tables in the place. you walk up to the counter and the bring the food to the table.  2)  the mac n' cheese was really bland!  so I'd skip that side go straight for the bacon cheese grits instead!
This is the best breakfast in Vegas. I've been almost every weekend since I found the place. Order the Louisiana special with grits and a buscuit. location is awkward and the food is a little pricey ($21 for two) but well worth it. Service is super friendly and never a complaint. Love this place!!!!!
ate here again!!!! this time my parents were in town from Michigan ... my mom is from Georgia and KNOWS soul food... they LOVED IT!!!!!!! Dad had chicken and waffles LOVED IT... Mom and I had the catfish and gritz with cheddar and jalapeno and BF had catfish on a sandwich.. i think its called po-boy catfish sandwich.. SO YUMMY!!! We will be back again soon!! again and again and again!!!
This place wasn't bad, I was apprehensive about trying the catfish since I'm not typically a fish person but fry up that sucker and put some hot sauce and whoa nelly, maybe I'll have to eat fish more often.  It made me disappointed though that I played it safe and only ordered one piece of catfish with a piece of fried chicken.  I wasn't a big fan of the chicken and just felt the need to pour more and more hot sauce on it to make up for it.

I didn't play it safe on the side though and decided to try out the grits.  Problem was I had no idea what to do with them.  I tried to make them sweet with sugar packets and jelly but it just wasn't working.  I might to do more research on what to do with grits or just be lazy and just order the potatoes on the side if I ever do come back here.  So in the end my feelings on this place were mixed, I wouldn't argue if friend suggest to eat there, but I won't champion for it either.  Then again I might need to eat some more catfish in the future.
Chicken & Waffles with a side of greens ... were off the wall. The mahogany interior was clean and the staff was super friendly. Will definitely be back here!
Best gritz!!! I ordered biscuits and gravy with scrambled eggs and my boyfriend ordered grits bowl.  I kept stealing his grits!  It was the best I have ever tasted.  Of course, the biscuits and gravy/ scrambled eggs were great too!  Loved it!!   Everyone was very courteous and friendly.  I really love the place and wish that it is on my side of town!  Umm.... I need the grits!!!
My friends and I live down the street from Roscoe's on Pico in LA and are big fan's but Gritz Cafe has won us over. We come to Vegas often  and Gritz Cafe had become part of our Vegas routine. We love this place and the staff is also very good. The short wait for a table or to get your food is very well worth it!!! Once at your table the staff is very good at anticipating your needs. This is a huge thing to me and they do a great job!!!
I constantly miss Southern food. Came by with a friend because I seriously needed a sweet tea and grits fix. Small restaurant, but nice layout. Friendly cashier and servers. Had a Groupon so the price was great. Got the Georgia (have to show some love to my home state) and a peach cobbler. The pork chops (grilled) were great, juicy and not too chewy. The eggs were perfect and the grits were great for dunking my pork chops in (there is no right or wrong way to eat grits). The cobbler had a lot of peach and was awesome!!! Super!!!!
First time I came to Gritz Cafe I brought my auntie, she loved it.
Second time, I brought my big sister ... who is the biggest skeptic and food critic ... she said, "This is good food. Chicken is fresh and tasty and the waffles are good." Which means she loved it. I always love it too! Try the greens too, they are yummy.
And like their sign reads, "Please be patient. Your food is cooked to order." So worth the wait!
I really enjoyed their food. But had to take away a star for the long wait for some chicken wings. and another star taken for how expensive the price is.
The chicken and waffles were yummy! I'm not a chicken wing fan so next time, I'll see if they can substitute chicken strips!
I'm a fan. I oredered their wing breakfast with potatoes, eggs and a biscuit. It was GOOD!! Decent food, esp. for the price. I paid $8 bucks and it included 3 wings. 

Potatoes are the bomb, my chicken was GOOD!!
Gritz Cafe is great. Went there and tried the Fried Catfish...hmmmm ..good. One of the best soul food place around. Highly recommended!!!
I'm really torn to say whether I would give them two or three stars. For the most part I always get the turkey sausage grits bowl and its awesome the sausage is juicy and the eggs cheese and grits is that perfect compliment although it can seem a bit pricey for the portion just 1 small patty just doesn't stretch through your bowl well. 

But on the other hand service means everything to me and I have to say the people working there are so ungrateful when it comes to you giving them your hard earned money. I find the cashiers to always be smug and cold very brief and unapproachable. I think that they should be required to go through some sort of customer service skills review or course or maybe the owner should reevaluate who behind the register because the are the first impression to their business.
The food is great however...The staff has problems with communication skills. First you can spend 30 bucks in their. And they will give u a tiny cup of water. What am I to do with this like...I'm thirsty not trying to brush my teeth.
Their rude staff sucks big time! We are in Nevada if I spend money why not give a nice size cup of water its a desert out their. They seem to look down on you because you don't want a soda. But I just spent 30 bucks ugh! Now I have to spend 2 more bucks for water. lol Last I checked tap water is free. Its not as if they give you bottle water. Also I asked if the pudding is made from scratch. I was told yes. So I bought the pudding. However when I got home I could not believe my eyes. The pudding was box made. I Deceive you not people. 
So I jumped back into my SUV and ran back across town to gritz. I was met by the same older lady who had lied to my face. OMG you think you can trust someone thats old enough to be your grand mother. 
Ugh! but anyway when I told her why I was back and that I wanted a refund she gave a piss poor excuse as to why she deceived me. She said I think of gritz cafe as my home so I used box pudding and to me thats home made. 
I replied only a person who cant cook would give an excuse such as this. Gas is not cheap and you lady just are a pure liar. She wasted my time and money. If I return I will only be getting catfish and maybe chicken I have had both those dishes and they were great.
When I'm in Vegas I like to try restaurant that are away from the strip and the big hotels, one restaurant that I recommend for breakfast is Gritz Cafe. Located just north west of the strip no more than 10 mins away, the restaurant is very clean but somewhat of a tight fit so seating is a bit limited. When you place your order you'll have to go to the counter and your food will be brought to the table. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and I have to say it was delicious. I love my food freshly prepared and served hot and at Gritz Cafe that's the only way they serve their dishes. Grits seem to be their specialty and you can just about order it with anything. The service was great and the severs were friendly. All in all it was a very good experience. The only thing that I could find wrong is that they use plastic ware  plates, forks and styrofoam cups a no no in the restaurant business. Still worthy of three stars.
can we get some gravy with those grits? they are cryin for some!!! u guys rock.
I'm a regular customer at Grits Cafe.  The food is awesome, with one exception; the grits.  I'm a Chef, with breakfast food being at the top of my favorite things to prepare.  Growing up my mother made grits that were thick and creamy, in a sense like cream of wheat.  Well at Grits Cafe, the grits always have a thin film of water on top, and lack the creamy-ness I grew so fond of as a child.  So I usually order the home fries with catfish, and eggs.  Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.  If you go, I  promise you will like...
Not the best soul food ever but it will deffinetly do. They make their scrambled eggs exactly how i like em. And their biscuit was on point too. Real big portions.
Never having experienced "soul food," I can only allow my review to go so far.

The staff was fantastic: polite, considerate. They made me feel warm and cuddly with their constant checking in. The propieter even made a round of the tables, asking the guests if they wanted water, a to-go box, etc.

I ordered their catfish basket with french fries; a Sprite on the side. My total was $11.35 for a good handful of seasoned fries, 4 pieces of free-range catfish that were at least 6" in length and a huge soda. I could be prickly about the expensivity of the meal; however, ingredient costs have skyrocketed in recent months, so it's totally understandable.

Surrounded by good company and good food, I will definitely come here again. Thank you, Gritz Cafe!
Was very impressed with the yummy gritz and great service!! I would love to come here for breakfast every Sunday before church:) The large waffle I had was amazing too :)
I was ready to go in the back to see if my grandmother was cooking. I hadnt had gritz in so long too!!! It tastes like love. There is not scimping on the portionm size these servers are generous. LOL i had the Kentucky plate and my GF had the fish ( which ever plate that is) but it was crazy delicious and we were stuffed. The waitress turned the tables over pretty fast and its a place for all ages. xoxoxoxo we love yall and will be back soon
I go to Gritz as often as I can. The only problem is its on the westside of town and I'm in Henderson. My wife loves the chicken and waffles. The grits themselves are amazing, creamy and flavorful. The sausage and catfish are also great. I always order too much food because I cant pick just one. The menu is limited to breakfast food and baskets and sandwiches for lunch. Still one of my favs
First time there. There was no menu hanging but up by the cash register. Ordered chicken and waffles to share with my friend and catfish combo. the catfish wasn't so oily and the chicken and waffles was amazing.  there was only 2 people working up front, a young gentleman and a lady. they were both great and i will definitely be going back.
I really like this place, it's very cozy if you like intimate settings but if your claustrophobic you maybe want to just get your food to go. The food is amazing the customer service was great the reason for my 4 stars is because it took forever for our food to come but the only reason it took forever was because the food was freshly cooked. When I'm in town again I would love to go back :)
The greatest and first Cobb Omelette I've ever had.  Good hotcakes too!! (place needs to expand -too small) lol
Cheese grits with fried chicken for breakfast...yummy! Food is great...quick service too.
The grits were ON POINT. I got the fried chicken and waffle. Super hot fire. Had to dock a point 'cause the lady up front barely understood English, so it literally took like 20 minutes just to order my food. But other than that, the food was hella good. I would definitely be back.
It's located on a side street near MLK which is kind of hard to find and limited parking. This is a very small restaurant so I wouldn't recommend planning to eat in here. I ordered the chicken and waffles which was very good. It's no Roscoe's but I enjoyed it. This is about one of the only places you will find to enjoy chicken and waffles in Las Vegas. I'll be back to try other things. It's a little too expensive to eat here on the regular. There was about a 20 minute wait for my food which is quite a bit but overall I was satisfied with my experience. Shoutout to whoever posted the picture of the fried catfish and fries plate because it looks super bomb. That's going to be my next purchase lol.
I like to support Black business's and this one was worth the drive, the wait, and the price! I was there this weekend, 1st time, and the grits were on point, I've never seen so many kinds...and the service was excellent. 

Lotta times folks talk about how Black business's can be...from my perspective ANY business can be mixed. From the young brother at the counter to the table service asking if we were good, Gritz deserves "5 stars"...which btw I never give to keep folks on their toes. This place deserves all of em!!
This place has the best chicken & waffles in Vegas. The chicken is well seasoned and the waffles taste great! I would give it 5 stars but the place itself is extremely small so it fills up quick during lunch and sometimes there's no tables left. It's worth the wait though!
Wifey received a tip from a co-worker on this place, so we thought of giving this place a try instead of stopping at Mario's for our Catfish/Turkey Neck fix which is close by.

This is a really tight spot filled with two and four tops, so coming here with five or more people will probably end up in a longer wait than usual. We split the Big Breakfast of Chicken(or your choice of Fried Catfish) and Waffles, two eggs, and grits(first grits topping is free) and we also split The Rich Boy(AKA Shrimp Po' Boy) which came with 8 crisp, juicy shrimp, lettuce, tomato, and their special sauce on a toasted hoagie roll.

The chicken was good(all chicken wings) but I still like the fried chicken from Kathy's
and the waffle was so-so. I have yet to find a good place in Vegas that has solid chicken and waffles(still have to try Skinnyfats' version) but the Rich Boy was very delicious and I'd return for that sandwich again. 

Give Gritz Caf a go, and see if its good enough to slap yo' momma!    ALOHA!!!
I love Grits!!!!!! And this place has pretty awesome grits, now I don't have much to compare to within the valley, but I have had my share of bad grits.  

Here you can get them with several toppings and the first topping is free. I got mine without any toppings and like I mentioned mmm -Awesome! We also tried the chicken and waffles.  The chicken was very good while unfortunately there was nothing spectacular about the waffle. We also had the "Rich Boy" which consisted of a generous amount of lightly battered shrimp on a hoagie with lettuce/tomato and their special sauce and this to my friends was so flavorsome!  I came here by a friend's recommendation to try their catfish and too bad we did not get to try it as we always over order so stay tuned cause we'll be back.  Can't WAIT!!!! 

TIP: you can call and pre-order your food and be prepared to wait for a seat as the place is quite small and always packed so get there early!
I stopped in here this morning because I love grits.  Usually I just have grits as a side when I'm at Denny's or get a small bowl at Red Rock's buffet but this is the real thing.  I got a grits bowl.  I chose the three slices of bacon and I got cheddar cheese on the top.  I asked for the egg sunny side up.  It also came with a choice of toast or biscuit and I got whole wheat toast.  

I left the counter carrying my coffee cup and within a relatively short time, a young woman brought my breakfast to me.  Wow, was it good!  Break the yolk, and let it run into the grits along with the butter I had already put in.  Wonderful.

The restaurant is small--nine tables.  There was a couple with two small children at the other table--I hit a quiet morning--and they were visiting from California.  That's the kind of homey atmosphere the place has.

Adam, the young man taking orders today, was a very pleasant guy! 

This is stick to your ribs down home cooking.  What that means is that breakfast was heavy laden with carbs so I'll have to do extra at my gym workout this afternoon.  Oh the horror, but it was so worth it.

Thanks to Sylvia and Nelson Q. for their heads up on this great place.
One word: Yum. 
Wow, this place is amazing! I had a catfish po boy and it had this delicious crust on it that gave it the perfect crunch. My boyfriend ordered the gritz and catfish, and the gritz were creamy and buttery and unlike any other gritz I've had, just fantastic!
The young man who took my order was very polite and has obviously been taught good manners since he called me 'Ms.' Tonia. 

Waffles weren't anything to write home to mama about but they were good. Fried chicken was perfect! 

We had so much chicken that my daughter and I, ended up taking several pieces home. I popped them in the oven about 5 days later and they were still crispy and delicious. 

We will return to patron this business and to get some more of that yummy fried chicken!

We got there right on time because it was a little empty and we had tables to choose from but that didn't last long. It's really small in their but it doesn't stop folks from coming in and ordering themselves some chicken. 

They only take cash so come with some paper.
MmMmmM Chicken and Waffles!

I don't order fried chicken often...usually it's just not my dish.  A "soulless" piece of dried up, battered bird with no love.  First bite, deep fried grease drippin down your chin...you get the idea.

Thankfully, Gritz Cafe is different...in a GREAT way!

Chicken & Waffles ($10.95). Gotta be some of the BEST fried chicken I've ever had! So much flavor...so juicy...and everything tastes great with Maple syrup poured on it!  Batter has spices and flavor hiding inside, with a nice slightly crispy-crunchy consistency.

Waffle was good, not mind blowing good, but combining it with the chicken takes it up to another level!  Pretty basic waffle, but the chicken is where it's at!

I plan to be back to try the Catfish!  That's actually what I came here for initially, but breakfast moods swayed me!  

Too bad they close so early...3pm!  But then again, I don't see myself coming here by myself at 10pm either LOL

Come get some!
Gritz Cafe has discovered the recipe to perfect catfish every time, best in Vegas! Definitely one of my favorite breakfast places! Not a lot of seating so be prepared to take your food to go.
In town for a dance explosion and heard someone talking about delicious grits. Sooo we made the journey and was not disappointed. 
PROS: 
Fried catfish looked crispy n golden brown (I'm told it was seasoned very well).
Grits very creamy n delish
Bacon n wheat toast were standard
Friendly service
Served quickly
Clean facility
CONS:
Small but quaint spot
Under staffed (3) people to assist a full house (1 taking orders and delivering meals) 1 cooking and 1 ringing up the order

Would I go back? Absolutely!
A North Carolinian and an Alabaman walk into a cafe ... 

We KNOW grits (and fried food and cornbread - we both grew up eating our grandma's cooking).  When the two of us say "that was GOOD!", we have the expertise to make that a real endorsement. 

The good: tasty food - everything from the chicken-fried steak to the grits to the (yummy!) cornbread - and ample servings. 

The bad: a BIT pricey, the styrofoam plates,  plastic cutlery, and liberal political figures polluting the walls (I just sat with my back to the idiot-in-chief, worked out for me).

With their prices and the fact that they accept neither food stamp EBT nor WIC, I doubt many Obama/Reid supporters actually dine with them.  Seriously though, how do you keep a small business running for five plus years and NOT figure out that supporting that crew is contrary to your success?

Still enjoyed the food and will return to try other menu offerings.
My wife found this hidden gem from reading all the good reviews from fellow Yelpers. So thank you!! Have been looking for a good southern food establishment. This restaurant fits the bill.

Took my Dad here a couple of weeks ago for his birthday breakfast. Located in West Las Vegas on Stella Lake just west of MLK. It's located in a small building right next to the police substation. Located in a nice new building, it is quite small inside, maybe 6 tables, mostly 2 tops and a couple larger 4 top tables. No problem. As good as the food was i would of sat on the floor or out on the grass to eat. 

First of all this place smells amazing. I knew we were in for a treat. Finally found food just as good as when I lived in Mississippi. My Dad ordered the mix and match. you pick 2 meats, 2 sides and choice of bread. He chose the chicken wings, catfish, along with grits, potatoes, and toast. Just a shout out to the Catfish. It was hot, moist, delicious flavor and one of the best crusted coating batters i have ever had. Southerners everywhere would be proud. Grits were creamy and cooked perfect. Awesome all the way around.

I ordered the chicken and waffles. Really was looking forward to trying this, and I was not dissapointed. You get 4 large chicken wings. They were seasoned perfectly, and piping hot. So hot in fact it stayed that was the entire meal. It just would'nt cool down. lol. The waffle was delicious, light and fluffy. Pour the maple syrup on everything and it was southern hospitality on a plate. Really Really Good!!

Breakfast is served all day. A lot of the plates are named after southern states. Such as the Arkansas. Country Chicken fried steak and gravy. The Virginia. Grilled ham steak. All plates are served with 2 eggs, grits or potatoes and bread, muffin or biscuit.

Overall a great place to get your Southern Fix on. Friendly service, great Southern food, large portions, and good prices. Give it a try!!
There are certain places I refuse to go to especially alone. I'm always up for some good Southern cooking but if the area looks like I could get shot any time then, forget it! In fact, there's a place a block away from Gritz Cafe that supposedly has good catfish and a group of Yelpers actually went a few months ago. I saw pictures of the place and decided it would be smart for me not to go even as a group. I'm glad to say that Gritz Cafe is a clean, safe place with good food.

They only have a few tables. The service was superb and absolutely friendly. The food was served fresh and hot. We got catfish with grits and mac and cheese, and chicken and waffles. Their sweet tea was less sweet compared to most places that serve sweet tea.

Catfish:
Seasoned, battered in corn meal and fried to perfection. Put some hot sauce and it's perfect! I've had terrible catfish in the past and I was also raised to not eat catfish since "it's a bottom feeder that eats garbage" so for me to like this speaks highly of this place. 5/5

Chicken and Waffles:
I'm a Roscoe's fan so I would have to compare their chicken and waffles with GC's. GC has 4 huge chicken wings. Roscoe's lets you choose what parts you want. BUT GC's fried chicken was just as delicious. Super hot (temperature-wise), crunchy and well-seasoned. As for the waffles...well, they were marginal. Nothing special...Roscoe's waffles are sooo much better. Even the guy at the next table thinks so! 3.5/5
This might be my new favorite southern food joint in town! Please extend your hours and move to a bigger location!! 
Only open from 7am-3pm daily- offering breakfast/lunch dishes. The restaurant itself is tiny! Maybe 10 tables max? And only two tables outside. On a Saturday morning my husband and I were huddled in a corner waiting for our food debating if we should eat in the car! But it was definitely worth the wait. 
Catfish- amazing! Finally found a place that makes it like Catfish Alley (so sad that they closed!) Breaded with cornmeal and perfectly crispy. A little strange to have it for breakfast but I wasn't going to complain. 
Gritz? What are gritz? Never had them before and not sure how they're supposed to taste... but I finished the whole bowl. They were delicious. Good flavor and had the consistency of a thick cream of wheat. Add cheese and bacon and you'll be in heaven. 

Overall: everything is made to order and comes out amazingly fresh and delicious. Very small restaurant so maybe order togo if you don't have a table.
So everyone bragged about this restaurant and I just had to try it....it was great!! I had catfish, grits and eggs with toast. I've never had catfish that I didn't have to put any sauce on which was good. I didn't think the grits would be good comparing them to my grandma's and they were good!! My hunny had chicken and waffles he said it was okay but his plate was cleared at the end lol I wish it was bigger to seat more people that's my only complaint.
This was my first visit to the restaurant. The service was so welcoming I felt as though I've been coming for years. I tried their grits, pork chops, biscuit, and chicken wings, and they were all tasty. In definitely making another trip in the near future.
Excellent grits! I can't wait to go back even though it's out of the way. I took a friend and she really liked it too.

PROS: Grits - creamy, thick and smooth
             Grits bowl with bacon and cheese

CONS: Small dining area/possible wait on weekends
PISS POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! 
I saw the reviews for this company here on yelp and decided to call them today to cater our company lunch which would feed 60 to 100 ppl...when I called a man answered and said "can you please hold?" before I could answer he put me on hold for over five minutes...when someone picked up the line, they said nothing and disconnected the call...now trying to call back and am just getting a busy signal...I have no idea about the quality of the food but will not give these people my money after today...this place REALLY needs to get a multi line phone system and get a better employee answering their phones!!! TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!
Love this place! My wife thinks I'm crazy but catfish, eggs, and grits are the best! Everything was tasty and the service was good as well. They are out of the way, off of MLK, but worth the drive. Their coffee could be better too, but not bad.
First time here. They have the best chicken! it so flavorful and the grits is to die for! We met the owner she is nice. The place is small and they have only 10 tables. Nice and clean place. We have found a new place to go everytime we go to vegas.
Really enjoyed my breakfast. Small family cafe. It was a little wait but what to except when your food is cooked fresh. Good is served on paper plates but that's cool,the young men are dress very well..great place
Really...?! I've been here twice and I can't really say any of the food knocked my socks off. I've ordered the grits bowl and po-boy with catfish. Grits bowl is pretty straight forward grits, sausage, eggs, and cheese. I've only had plain homemade grits grits in the past and this dish didn't exactly impress me. I wanted to give them a second chance since all their reviews are pretty good on Yelp, plus my co-workers talk about how good the sandwiches are. My second visit I order the po-boy with catfish which good, but it was a small considering the price is $8.50. It had lettuce, tomato and some type of sauce, the sauce added the extra pazaze to it. The size should of been bigger or at least add more catfish in there. I think the prices here are $2 or $3 more than what they really should be. This is the closest restaurant to my work, but I probably won't be back. The chicken and waffles looks good, if I'm really craving it, I might be back for that, but once again they are overpriced because it's $10.95, really?! $11 for chicken and waffles, that's pretty expensive considering how cheap it is to make a waffle and they use chicken wings, not even the better parts of the chicken.
I seriously want to cry as I write this. Now that I'm back from my vacation, I realize that I'm hundreds of miles away......FROM THE BEST GRITS EVER! 

I mean you don't need to add salt, pepper or butter. Plus they give you free cheese to sprinkle on top. I seriously had to touch my face to see if I was dreaming. I had the hot links and fried fish that was also amazing. 

I am so salty this place isn't in Seattle.
I had heard all of the hype , but had never been. Now I can't wait to go back. The grits are the best around. Thick, hearty and full of flavor. My only regret was not getting them smothered with bacon and cheese. I would rate the chicken fried steak in the top three valley wide. Tender with a tasty breading and enough country gravy to go around. The eggs were just okay, as was the coffee. The staff was friendly and the place was spotless. Definitely a good spot for breakfast with a return trip in the near future.
Our first time here last week.  I'm so happy my husband found this place for me!  I have been complain that there are not many places serve grits anymore, especially breafast or brunch.  The only place I know is Denny's and I'm not too crazy about their grits.  We ordered: Big Gritz Breakfast ($15.50), The Alabama ($9.95), The Mississippi ($10.95), two side of Grits ($3/each).

PROS: Grits - creamy, thick and smooth.  I will ask for no salt, pepper and butter next time.  Hand-breaded fried catfish is the best I've had in a while.  My daughter, husband and I all loved it!!!  We fought over the last piece.  Everyone behind the counter remembered my husband's name when we left.
           
CONS: Small dining area = wait on weekends, lunch.  Closed at 3p.m. so I can only eat here on the weekend.
They get three stars from me. It's still a nice little place to get southern soul food. The place is extra tiny but the food rocks. This maybe the best place to get grits in Vegas. I always get the catfish & grits.
Melt in your mouth chicken and waffles.  Nice staff. 
I would give the place 5 stars but it took a little too long to get our food.
Hubby and I loved it!! I'm originally from Georgia and the grits here get 2 high fives!! Put this breakfast spot on you must visit list!! They take a little while cooking, but it is worth the wait!!
I was so hoping Gritz Cafe would live up to the high ratings I had seen on Yelp. Alas, that level of anticipation and expectation may be what is driving my 2 star review.  I found the whole experience to be substandard to any Southern Soul Food dining experience I've had in my travels.  The menu was quite limited.  Food was not even served on a plate.  Everything was dished out on styrofoam plates/containers and the utensils were plastic.  I ordered the Mix-n-Match.  2 large fried chicken wings and 2 catfish fillets with greens, grits, and cornbread.  The bright spot was the chicken. The greens were also good but I could not find any pepper sauce to accompany them.  The cornbread was a light muffin and sweet.  The grits were good but seemed to be missing something (butter and heavy cream if I had to guess).  Most of the tables in the small dining area were filthy with crumbs from previous diners and no one from the staff seemed to care when I had to clean off my own table and chair before I could sit down. I know we are a long way from the southern states, but this could be so much better.
Without a long..... Review. The food was GREAT!!!! Very good, steamy hot when served. I would definitely come back!!!
Nice place with good food at a good price.
I was there a few times this year and it was amazing.  I had the chicken and waffles.  The chicken had seasoning and the waffles were light and fluffy.  The Gritz will run Rocoe's Chicken and Waffles out of business! (They ought to take notes).  I will definately be back in a couple of weeks. I had also tried the fried fish and gritz.  It was goodddddddd.   I will also will bring some people along that have never experienced The Gritz Cafe.  I cant wait, my mouth is watering just thinking bout how good it is!
Was visiting from Philadelphia and someone next to me on the plane recommended this place and I loved it! Everything was cooked perfectly. Tasted like home cooking to me.
Heads up, this place is only open til 3PM on weekdays, making it difficult to hit Mon-Fri. I strategized and called in a takeout order as I left the office, and swung in at 3:05 full of apologies. They do open early for weekend brunches though, and serve breakfast all day.

Ordered the Richboy- a poorboy with fried shrimp, lettuce and tomatoes, and special sauce. Comes with a side of either grits or fries, and I went with the former as they're the namesake of this restaurant- added American cheese. Other add-on options include bacon, caramelized onions, sauted mushrooms, jalapenos, egg, etc.- they def know variety with their grits. Total came to under $11.

Portion is enormous. 6" hoagie doesn't look like a monster, but it's packed with 8 large fried shrimp and though my belly wasn't full after eating half, it was bursting at the seams after I forced myself to finish.
Grits have great flavor and texture, and adding American cheese was delicious- would try with mushrooms and onions in the future, I've got my eye on the Grits Bowl for my next visit.
This place is really good.  There are five meats (pork ribs, beef ribs, fried chicken, catfish, and perch), and with your meat you get two sides (e.g., collard greens, black-eyed peas, sweet potatoes, mac and cheese, sauteed veggies) and a bread (corn muffin, hush puppies, or dinner roll).  This is for about $8 combined, and you can also order the sides separately.  Plus there are desserts like sweet potato pie and lemon cake.

Doug cooks up all the dinner food in the back, and his wife makes the desserts and does the table service in the front.  That is pretty adorable.  The food is good - no crazy frills, not particularly refined, but solid.  The fried chicken is particularly tasty, with a thin but very crispy skin and super juicy interior.  I also thought the mac and cheese and collard greens were highlights.  The pork ribs were actually underwhelming at the restaurant, but they were significantly better heated up at home the next day.

There are about 10 tables in the storefront, but you can also do takeout.  There was not a lot of business when I was there on a Wednesday night, probably because the location is kind of out of the way.  But, you should make it a point to go.  In my opinion, Doug's is a clear winner over Kip's, even though Kip's is also good.
I had been tossing it around in my mind whether or not I wanted to review this place.  So, I'm just going to do it.

I had the take-out beef ribs, collard greens, black eyed peas, sweet potatoes, and the hush puppies.  I am really picky about ribs, and you could tell that these were not slow-cooked.  They were sort of tough, and not at all how I like them.  I didn't care for the sauce much either.  The sweet potatoes were good, and so were the greens.  Someone stole the black eyed peas from me, so I didn't taste them.  The hush puppies were fabulous though.

I dunno.  I really like ribs, but I would never have them from here again.  I don't know if it's worth it to me to go back and try something else.
We had the pork spare ribs, fried chicken, collards, mac n cheese, hush puppies, and cornbread.  

I liked this place a lot, based on the fact that I think Madison suffers from a dearth of non-tavern informal hole-in-the-wall places to grab some cheap greasy food. (Suffers?  From what I can tell, Madisonians are really happy with their food offerings, so, I guess I mean, I am the one with the bitch).  

AMBIANCE:  They seemed kind of empty at dinner time on a weekday, so I'm a little bit worried.  I think they should make the place a little less formal - use baskets, and liven up the inside with some bright decoration.  Ditch the water glasses.  It's ugly inside, and not in a good way.  Feels very 'flat.'  


BREAKDOWN:  

Pork Spare Ribs -  pretty damn good.  Nice portion of five.  Very tender for spare ribs.  The reviewer below said they were not slow cooked.  These were slow cooked.  So maybe they made some changes in response to complaints.  

Fried Chicken - really good.  I think they make it fresh.  You basically get half a chicken (thigh, breast, leg), two sides, and corn bread or hush puppies for 8 bucks.  That's a good deal.  

Mac n cheese - not so good.  Very bland (better with salt).  Not greasy enough.

Hush puppies -  um, yeah, these are nice.  Never seen hush puppies done with onion.  

Collard Greens -  yeah, good stuff.  

Cornbread - bland, light, fluffy little muffin.
As far as I'm concerned, THE place in Madison to get soul food.  The fried chicken is consistently perfect, the sides are all good, and the hush puppies are fantastic.  Portions are generous, but, if you have room, you can't go wrong with the lemon cake for dessert.  

Sure, the ambiance is a little lacking, but the staff is very kind and accommodating.  Go!
Especially now that Kipp's Soul Food has closed, Doug's Soul Food really is *the* place for soul food in Madison.  But you don't just need to come here because it is the only place for down home Southern cooking in Madison--you can come here knowing that it really is a great dining experience (I would argue better than Kipp's)!

While not all of the side dishes that Doug's offers are spectacular, many of them are quite good (the hush puppies, for sure, and also the collard greens), and the fried chicken is truly to die for.  It is some of the most well seasoned, perfectly cooked fried chicken I've ever had.  For my birthday this year, I ordered a big batch of it to go.  Not only was it delicious, but Doug and Jamie (the owners) were incredibly nice and helpful, and even gave me a discount for my large order!  Along with the delicious food, they make Doug's Soul Food a worthwhile experience.

As for the ambiance of the restaurant, well, it's true that the decor is rather spartan.  But to me, that's part of the place's charm.  It reminds me of other small, family-owned businesses that I love that might not have a huge decorating budget or design aesthetic, but know how to treat you right and feed you well.  But if you don't want to eat there, by all means, get it to go!  I'd advise calling in your order about 20 minutes in advance, as the chicken and ribs are made to order.  

Keep Doug's in business!  Eat there soon!  (And let me know what you think of the ribs--I haven't tried them yet.)
i'm gonna be honest with ya, the food is alright. none fancy. average, it kinda broke my heart, when i asked one of the owners if this was the only soul food joint in madison, she replies " reverend james just open one up on beld street, it's been slow here for 19 months." just to support a locally owned business, ill think ill stop here once every two weeks or so
I cannot believe there is only 1 other review of this place. Chicken & Waffles people come on.

I was looking for something different last Sunday morning and I remembered seeing this place on MLK.

I would agree with the other reviewer about the parking, small awkward and hard to get in & out.

It's a small diner with a booth along the entire front wall and several tables. A sign reading "seat yourself" greets you the moment you walk in.

The place is small but cozy with a TV in the center so every seat in the house can see it,

There is was only 2 servers and a large table there when I arrived so it took a few minutes to get drinks&menus.

The menus said stright up "Just Chicken & Waffles"-and thats exactly what it was 2pc-3pc-dark,white,wheat,buttermilk,wha do you want.

In small print across the bottom it read "Friday-Sunday BBQ Ribs $10"
I asked and she said"nope,chicken & waffles"

Well I got 2 breast,2 waffles and my son got the special 3 wings & a waffle.

The food came out real fast with hot syrup on the side and we doused our chicken in some hot sauce & tore it up.

Why have I never had this before, I bet I never even took a breath.

Some of the best chicken I have had. Not all deep fried & greasy or steroided out just sweet crispy & very savory.And the waffles were good too. what a mix.

This is a true dive spot DIAMOND!
Parking is terrible and service is slow as stated before but the food is definitely worth the wait.  The waffles take up the majority of your plate and they are warm, soft, and have a great cinnamon taste to them.  And the chicken....WOW.  Light crisp breading on the chicken that's not too greasy.
the service was fast, The guy seem was a little upset (don't know why) he just was not friendly. I had the chicken n waffles.......Waffles were great the chicken tasted like it was old and fries too hard. My friend had the fried catfish mmmmm gooood...... I ate half of her's. Everything else was good. I would go again, but wont get the chicken
While waiting on a phone order of sweet potato fries from Gallagher's yesterday, I discovered a restaurant on the other end of the block sporting a "Grand Opening" banner (where Moe's Southwest Grill used to be).  Yay!  Another venue offering soul food with candied yams on the menu!!  Since none of the employees could answer my food allergy concerns that afternoon, I'd have to call the next morning.

Earlier today I was able to get my food issues cleared and decided I'd have a late lunch (or early dinner) of BBQ platter with three meats (choice of beef brisket, chicken on the bone, pulled pork, or rib tips).  I ordered the meats dry since the BBQ had allergens.  Dinners come with two sides and cornbread, so I chose candied yams and brown sugar baked beans and asked that the cornbread be packaged to go.

(Before I placed my order, I asked if I could sample the meat since the last time I tried BBQ meats on the dry side, I found them quite tasteless; the cook was more than happy to hand me a sample of the brisket.)

Liked the brisket; the meat was so tender and moist and  tasted like a smoky version of corned beef.  The chicken was good, too, but the meat was still red and slightly raw when I sliced into it for a peek underneath.  I showed it to the server who started to say that the chicken is usually served that way, but she took it back for more time in the oven when I asked.  Unfortunately, the chicken was very charred when it was returned to me.  I was able to salvage most of it after scraping the burnt skin off.  While the first two meats were delicious on their own, w/o BBQ sauce, the rib tips did not fare so well.  I liked the texture of the meat, but it definitely could use more complexity. 

While I was able to determine that the dessert menu (outside source so info on ingredients wasn't easily available) is pretty much off-limits to me, I am not in the least disheartened...  The candied yams and brown sugar baked beans (both made from in-house recipes) were so delectable and sweet, they're almost like dessert, but with added benefits- vitamins, fiber, and protein!  Mmm... LOVED the spices used to flavor the yams.  Yes, there are the usual suspects of butter, cinnamon, and brown sugar, but I detect something else... almond extract!  Go and have a try yourself and see if you can help me detect what these flavors are :)  And the baked beans!  Red peppers and hatch green chilies really make this side dish sing!  

Beans, beans, the musical fruit...  

Breakfast menu is served all day [steak and eggs, biscuits and gravy (thickened w/ cornstarch), scrambles, and country burritos, to name a few], and lunch and dinner menus [fried chicken and (Belgian) waffles, burgers, wings, BBQ tacos and wraps, sandwiches and po'boys, chicken fried steaks, etc.] start at 11a.  I'm already looking forward to taking my grandmother and cousin here on my next weekend off!

Notes to owners/manager:  

1.This easily could've been a four-star review, but I thought it poor form to send back a badly-charred chicken.  I didn't think it was wrong of me to send back the bloody leg... (Ring!!  "Hello, Salmonella poisoning, How may I hurt you?") 

2. I was told that the addition of sweet potato fries is being considered- please don't take too long to decide Yes! :D 
(With a good dusting of cinnamon-sugar, please!)

3. Please change your font printing on the front and back take-home menu covers.  The current choice (white print on black and superimposed on a white background) is almost illegible.

4. Kudos on having DEDICATED fryers for your fried fish (batter contains corn), chicken, and other meats (fried pork chops and chicken fried steaks)!!  Not only do dedicated fryers limit the flavor transfers of these varied meats, but they also benefit your patrons that may have food allergies (fish, spices, and other ingredients).
It was a busy and rough day at work and I needed some comfort that only some chicken and greens could provide. I was craving some soul food. I spotted Aileen's write up and rounded up some of my coworkers for some hopefully yummy food. 
We arrived at the storefront location and immediately noticed the nice decor inside. This is a walk up and order establishment with a very large menu. Be sure to grab a menu and step aside so you can read the whole menu or you might miss something. 

I finally decided on the chicken and waffle combo and was given a number to sit and wait. I was told that my fried chicken would take a little longer because all their chicken is fried when only when ordered. My friends received their orders and the table was already full of food and my food was still coming! 

My fried chicken and waffles with a side of collard greens and red beans w/rice arrived. It was a lot of food! I wish it was a lot of AMAZING food, but it wasn't amazing. It was middle of the road, and unremarkable. 

Now don't get me wrong, sometimes middle of the road is all you need to get the job done at lunchtime! I just wished for a little more spice, zip, and flavor. 

My fried chicken was freshly fried but the batter was just..batter. My chicken was also rather dry. My red beans and rice were almost bland. I found myself pouring hot sauce on all of my food. I guess I just wasn't wowed. It wasn't poorly made, but it wasn't made with lots of seasoning which I expect from soul food. 

I would like to give Fat Daddy's another try. I love supporting locally owned business, especially when they're situated among large chains! Looking forward to another look-see!
Kidney Stones be damned......

Okay, I'll admit it, I love black pepper.  too much.  Yes, I know the potential serious repercussions for a woman of my age.  I hear them every year at my docs - kidney stones.  Well, frankly Scarlett, after eating the fried chicken at  Fat Daddy's, I don't give a damn!!!  

I split the #2 Chicken and Waffles dish with my daughter - 1 wing, 1 breast, 2 eggs, grits, and one helluva waffle!  I was surprised to see that the breast piece of meat was boneless - this threw me for a minute - because besides being a pepper lover, I also love eating meat off of the bone (no crude comments, please....).  But! I was pleasantly surprised!  The batter, perfectly crispy and full of the aforementioned black pepper, was the perfect foil to the delectably fluffy waffle and sticky sweet syrup!  And the breast was juicy and perfectly cooked!  The grits?  Perfect - with just the right amount of cheese, as I requested - and of course my addition of BLACK PEPPER just made them to die for. The waitress was great - as soon as I ordered cheese on my grits, she segued into asking if we wanted cheese in our eggs - smart cookie that one!   Super moist carrot cake and perfectly brewed unsweetened iced tea rounded out the meal.  

We will definetely be back - got lots of things on that menu I need to try, hence the 4 star rating this time.....  pretty sure I will get to 5 stars for this lovely restaurant, as god as my witness.....
Makes my soul sing! Fall-off-the-bone tender ribs, crispy fried chicken, amazing coleslaw. What more could you ask for but perfect pecan pie. And that's here too. All at a great price.
10/09

Had an impromptu breakfast here with a friend.  The plan was for me to show him how great a breakfast one could have at The Farm at South Mountain's Morning Glory Cafe, but my car overheated and lost power at 32nd St. and Baseline, so I asked him if he would please find out if "Down Home Kitchen" is still open for business.  Thankfully,  he came back to report that "Fat Daddy's Down Home Kitchen" is still open, but that it was "totally dead in there."  Poor FD.  I told my friend that I wasn't surprised since a few of the people I know that have tried FD's found the prices to be too high for the quality of food offered.  However, we were hungry and circumstances forced us to try having breakfast here.

Price-wise, my friend couldn't complain.  He enjoyed his breakfast of scrambled eggs with sausage, bacon, and cheese, although he did accuse me of dragging him to an early grave :(  He wasn't complaining, he said, since he liked grease-spoons,  just sayin' is all :)  Seems like he's better at choosing the better entree (see Joe's Farm Grill), since my biscuits and gravy with extra sausage links, gratis (many thanks to our server, who received a very nice tip!) were among the most undistinctive I've ever tasted, especially after having, for two consecutive mornings, the best biscuit and gravy dish at Scottsdale's Daily Dose!

Perhaps next time I'll just order the fail-safe candied yams and brown sugar baked beans...
went there for lunch with a friend of mine... all sick and ready to die... I hauled myself to Fat Daddy's for a nice breakfast. I didn't care for the line style of the resturant. It's like a fast food meets sit down resturant... I don't care for it. The menu is too vast for a line or a cashier. We needed some time to think and mow over our options. 

We placed our order, I got the Grandma Laddies, I think, and my friend got the number two chicken meal. My meal came with: two pieces of bacon, one sausage, a waffle, two eggs, grits and a biscuit... what a meal! It was good... but not great. The eggs were fresh, I even saw the eggshells by the flat top behind the cashier. The grits were kinda watered down, but okay with some pepper. The waffle was good, I liked it - I dug the cinimmon sweetness to it. The bacon was thick and could have been cooked more throughily and the sausage was perfection. The biscuit was yummy and I wished I had honey to go with it. :)

My friend's meal didn't go so well... her chicken was very crispy and extremely peppery. Too peppery if you ask me. Then she took a good bite out of her chicken and discovered the meat was just pink and a vain was still bloody... ew. We told the waitress and she offered to have it recooked. She said that their chicken was cooked fresh. I'm willing to wait for freshly cooked food, but dang - that was way pink!!

She replaced it and even paid me back for her entire meal. That was a bit much! I wanted to refuse and we tried to leave but she insisted we stay. so we did and got like 4 pieces of free chicken for our trouble. That was awesome. I liked the meal, I'm not complaining... I just had better. I think I'll go back when I'm not sick and try it again.
The 10th fairway of Raven South Mountain smells delcious. The overwhelming smell of wood, BBQ, and good down home cooking overwhelems you. We decided to have an early dinner after the golf round was over.

It's a small, clean restaurant and they put some money into marketing with a big fancy sign, and a text message club, etc. Our server was helpful, but not very nice and very indifferent toward us. We were the only ones in the restaurant, so it wouldn't have been tough to just be nice to us and give us quality service.

I was with my family and we ordered dinners. I ordered the pork rib and brisket dinner with black eyed peas and mac and cheese. Dad had the pork rib dinner with red beans and fried cabbage, and mom ordered the rib tip and brisket dinner with black eyed peas and red beans. Waitress came back about ten minutes after we ordered saying they were out of pork ribs and I got the last order, so my dad had to change his to pulled pork, then five minutes later they said they were out of pulled pork. I told the waitress they were going ot have some angry people if at 5PM before dinner time they were already out of pork. 

We all agreed about the food, because we all tried each others. Mac & Cheese was the best I've ever had, black eyed peas were delicious, red beans amazing, fried cabbage was great! all of the sides were top notch. Our entrees were kind of average at best, though. Mom and I agreed the brisket was tough, chewy, and very poorly prepared. None of us enjoyed the pork ribs or the rib tips. The gristle/fat to meat ratio was probably 80/20. 

It seems like they need to figure out how to prepare BBQ at this restaurant, because they have a lot of other dishes down pat. I'd go again but I'll try something different than BBQ... maybe a breakfast dish which I hear they are good at.
The beautiful Carin and I went to the Village this morning for our respective workouts...She hit the cardio machines hard and I played squash with my buddies.

As I finished my last game with one of my buddies, Jim (who happens to be a cardiologist), he mentioned that I looked a little emaciated...peaked even, and prescribed chicken and waffles, "stat" (stat is a medical term that means "with extra butter, syrup and a side of grits":)

Fortunately for me there is a new emergency location for Lolo's that has opened up altogether too close to my home:)

Serendipity started to smile on me when we pulled up just as someone was leaving and we scored the parking spot right in front...serendipity continued as we put our name in for the 30 minute wait, only to be called after 15 minutes...and continued to weave it's way through the entire meal, as we got our drinks right away (really, is there much of anything better than a 1/2 gallon of sweet tea with your Saturday afternoon brunch?:), and we were waited on promptly and served right away.

I was saved from wasting away:)

I was particularly delighted for 2 reasons:

     - This was only their second day open in Scottsdale and they were   absolutely slammed with both people eating at Lolo's and with take out orders, so it looked like the service was a little uneven...but the Lolo's staff were so darn nice to everyone, most of the customers seemed  to be pretty understanding:)

     - This was Carin's first experience with Lolo's, and like all of her other "first times" with me, I wanted it to be both "special" and "delightful"...I am a loving, thoughtful and caring husband:)

We couldn't have asked for it to go any better, especially for going by so soon after they opened:)

The chicken and waffles are every bit as good as the original location down on Yuma:)...Carin has fallen in love with Lolo's, too:)

The decor in the new place is pleasant...welcoming and comfortable...I love the wash tub lighting treatments:)

And the staff continues to be pleasant (trending toward sweet as pie) to everyone...they could have been pretty tight-faced today, because they really did have a ton of people (all looking to get their chicken and waffle on) come by Lolo's today.

I wasn't expecting to give these guys 5 stars right out of the gate, but doggone it, they earned it!

Great food, great atmosphere, nice people and now, right in the hood:)

I wonder if Jim is going to send me a bill for the medical advice? :-)
loving the chicken. loving the waffles. loving the grits. loving the trough of tea.  lo lo's has it all!  apparently yesterday got a bit insane, but for sunday (today), they've brought in extra help.  super nice staff, super tasty food.  kid friendly.  i don't know what's in the waffles that makes them so good, i don't know what's in the chicken breading that makes it so good.  i don't care!  it was tasty as all get out, and luckily, it's within walking distance from us!  hopefully, this can help our area get some more foot traffic, and also help some of the lovely other eateries in the area (like the noodle ranch).  

yum!!!
Absolutely LOVE this place. Today was my 2nd experience at Lolo's. Went to the one in Phoenix, about a few months ago. So I'm stoked they have a new location  conveniently down the street from work. The staff is soo friendly and helpful and the service in actually getting the food is extremely fast.

The food itself, amazing. Fried Chicken w/ Waffles (that I might add have an amazing flavor) doused in syrup and chased with some fruit punch kool-aid makes for a great lunch. 

I think I may need a nap now.
I ride my bike to work.  Today I was running a little bit later than I usually do.  I had the slightest of hangovers, so getting out the door was a bit more delayed than is typical.

I was riding my bike down Scottsdale Rd.  I've peaked in the window of Lo-Lo's before and I saw that it was under construction.  Today, I saw people standing around inside.  It was open.

I decided, Fuck it.  I'm never late to work, so today I can be a few minutes behind schedule.  I still made it to work on time, but I set down a Styrofoam box next to my computer with chicken and waffles.

The waffles have a taste of cinnamon to them and they're super buttery and delicious.  The chicken is not the best chicken I've ever had, but the best chicken I've ever had was so good that if I told you how good it was, you would simply assume that I was exaggerating.

The chicken is damn good though.  The recipe that they use is very much complimented by using a splash of Louisiana hot sauce.  It was phenomenally bomb.

I stared out the window, watching the clouds loom in the distance and raindrops spit down the glass... all the while chewing on a chicken bone and feeling my hangover dissolve into genuine comfort.
Finally made my way to the new Lolo's in Scottsdale. Live close by and really haven't heard of it until about a month ago when I was renting a video at Blockbuster. 
Decided to go fairly late Saturday before they closed and at about 2pm the place was pretty packed. Was given a choice to sit at the bar which wasn't a problem. Impressed by the transformation as this location used to have a Tokyo Express which I would go to at least once a week. I was joined at the bar by 3 other people and given menus. Only issues I have with my whole meal is that they should have decided the bar so that people can put their legs underneath because the meal required a bit of gymnastics to fit comfortably. Other issue, but one I can forgive is that the 3 people next to me were asked what they wanted to drink, Koolaid, and somehow I became temporarily invisible and wasn't. Took about 5 minutes for anyone to bother to ask. I can't blame though because the place was busy and I who doesn't want a new place to be successful when the food and atmosphere are good.
Ordered the Betty Boop (chicken and waffle, and so did the 3 other people next to me...I have that effect on people). Chicken breast and waffle were delicious and I definitely had a sugar high from the 2 gallons of Koolaid that were served to me. I'll make a note to maybe go for some Diet Coke next time. Definitely recommend the place and hope to check it out with my family or a group of friends to have better seating.
I have been to the downtown location and yep, the food is the same.  Service is a little disjointed here like who's on first?  Still go, eat...you iwll like it.
Maybe I'm just biased and like the Phoenix location better, but I've had better Lolo's at the Phoenix location. Plus, I love the cozy atmosphere there as well.  

We came in around 11:15am before the rush and were seated right away.  A friend and I decided to split the KK, thinking the chicken was the same size, but we were wrong.  The chicken pieces were a lot smaller and it didn't have the same flavor that I was expecting.  5 minutes into our meal, one of the waitresses came by and asked us if she could take our plates.  We all just looked at each other and was wondering if she was kidding since we all had full plates.  She came back more often to clear our plates than to refill our drinks! I know the place was busy but being rushed through our meal is the most annoying thing a waitress can do! On top of that, it took forever to get our check and refills.  

Knowing that they have THE best Red Velvet cake ever, I decided to take one to go.  After taking a few bites, I discovered egg shells in the cake...  I won't be returning to this location.
Finding the idea of chicken and waffles very intriguing and being almost as big of a syrup lover as Will Ferrell in Elf, I had to give Lolo's a try upon finding out it was in my backyard. 

I went with two friends at lunchtime on a Thursday and the place was packed. While they seem to still be figuring out the service (we were "forgotten about" several times), the food was excellent. 

I had the Betty Boop - chicken breast and a waffle, both of which were delicious. I was not disappointed with the syrup either. We shared a few sides - mac and cheese, fried okra and greens. The greens were really delicious, slightly spicy and full of flavor. The mac and cheese was not bad, the fried okra nothing special. 

All in all, a great atmosphere, good comfort food and I think this new location will do really well, esp. if they decide to stay open late and cater to the "must sober up" crowd.
In order to arrange a upcoming UYE "Butter Party " , Jim , Audrey, Donald , Amy B , Heather  and myself set up a little waffle exploration meeting.  For the good of the order we met up to partake in the phenomenon known as "waffles and chicken ". To be fully prepared for the UYE we ate to our hearts content . I have to be honest and not lie, that I fully loved every scrumptious morsel. From the yummy waffle, tasty chicken , to the  yummy cornbread  it was all good.. but the highlight of my eating was the macaroni and cheese ...creamy , sublime , rich , crusty in places, sharp cheese laced, man ,I really like that stuff. I didn't know if I should share the delicious treat with my family or squirrel it away in my purse to savor later.   Kids loved it , waffles and fried food goes over big in our family. 

The service was exceptionally good, courteous , well thought out , and  made the place. Decor is a bit of whimsy with homey flair . Bright and airy , fresh and  comfortable.  Love the big old mason jars for drinks , nice down home touch, folks .  We met the manager who was very nice and willing to make all of our UYE dreams come true. She also informed us that they will be opening soon for the late night crowd from 5pm-3am. 
Simply can't wait to go back.... Anybody busy tomorrow?
************************WEAR BIG PANTS************************

I had never had chicken and waffles together.  In fact, I don't think I've even had fried chicken outside of KFC and Hungry Man (I guess women don't get hungry?).  For a meal that did not involve a tortilla, I was pleasantly surprised.

I went with the Betty Boop, a breast and a waffle.  The chicken was juicy and perfectly fried to a crisp golden brown.  The waffle was delicious, although maybe I wish it were just a little crispier on the outside.  But the cinnamony goodness was complimented by a nice baseball-sized scoop of butter and plenty of syrup.  Of course, I had to have the mac & cheese, too.  It was some of the best I've had in a restaurant (I'm a little partial to Kraft I'm afraid to admit).  

We had a large group, and the staff was very accommodating and friendly.    But word of warning, they don't split checks for large groups and will only process two transactions per table (two credit cards or cash and one credit card).  Luckily I planned ahead and brought cash...and wore big pants.
I went to the new LoLo's location with other fellow yelpers to check this place out.  I had been to the location downtown and wasnt all that impressed with what I had seen, so I thought I would give it another chance.  This one was a much better time.

Upon entering, said parties were already seated.  I was happy to say that my experience here was much better then before.  This place is actually clean!  and has decent parking!  and, as a bonus, the service was substaintially better then the one downtown.  Same menu, same tasting food, but a better experience.

When coming here, expect to wait.  This place is super popular, and tasty.  Be prepared to eat!!
While I was waiting for my food at the counter, I had to try the last piece of red velvet cake that had been staring me down and calling my name. Verdict: the BEST Red Velvet cake I have ever tasted!!!

But I digress, my first taste experience upon entering Lolo's this Sunday morning with my husband, was the refreshing homemade lemonade served in a large mason jar. It really is the best lemonade, better than any I have ever had the pleasure to drink, even my own homemade lemonade does not compare.  I quickly downed half a jar and then was promptly offered a refill. 
Customer service is alive and well at Lolo's. 
What brough us to Lolo's was the fried chicken, so needless to say we were filled with anticipation and can tell you that it is worth the trip. It is the best fried chicken west of the Mason/Dixon line! The mac and cheese was wonderful as were the sweet potatoes. Let's not forget the grits...yummy! The corn muffin was the "icing on the cake" (if you don't count the scrumptious red velvet cake icing!)

We drove home and promptly devoured the red velvet cake and then took a nap. In short, a perfect way to spend a lazy Sunday. 

Starting September 11th they will serve dinner and be open until 3:00AM
Save money!  Eat at Lolo's!  Go here for an early lunch and you are set for the day!  Perhaps a small snack 6-8 hours later but that's pretty much it!

My second visit to Lolo's didn't quite measure up to the first visit...and still it was 4 stars.

Great company with a group of Yelpers and my family too!

Seriously, I was full 6 hours after eating here.
I enjoyed it, I loved telling people I ate at LoLo's.  But it is Chicken, waffles, corn bread.  Not my favorites but a fun place to go!
I'm still feeling wonderful, and it has been five hours since I ate.  The two hour nap I just woke up from has me feeling like I'm walking on clouds (in my own house).    

I saw this place on the news when they opened their new location.  I took me a while to get there, but went today with the hubby and youngest son.  Oh the food was sooooooooo sooooooooo sooooooo good! The waffle was amazing, and with the chicken, it tasted perfect together.  I also ordered mac n' cheese and the candied sweets (sweet potatoes), they were great.  The sweet tea was awesome (I got it half and half though) and the kooliad was awesome.  I was ready for a nap as soon as we walked back in the door.  

I am still stuffed, but I have to cook dinner for my hungry boys.

It was a little more costly than I would have expected, but considering everything is made fresh, and all that work, and how amazing it tasted, I don't mind.
I've never been to either Lolo's location until today.  I'm not a huge fried chicken person, particularly not for breakfast, but i ordered up a Betty Boop and buckled in for the full experience.  Bottom line: best fried chicken I've ever had.  The waffle was pretty great as well.  I sampled two sides - the fried okra didn't knock my socks off, and by the time i got around to trying the mac and cheese, i was too full to appreciate the creamy cheesiness.  it was really good, though.  The service was great, I was quite pleased on that front.  I was a tad worried that a great local place that knows that they've really made it would have a bit of an attitude, but i didn't get any of that from the people who served our table.  five stars on that front (other than the fact that the drink orders were served to the middle of the table - i don't consider that a deal-breaker).
Speaking of drinks, I recall a recent "twitter" or status update in which someone noted that she was looking for a bathtub full of ice cold lemonade or something similar.  I'm fully prepared to go a few steps farther.  I would willingly give up seafood if all the world's oceans were made of Lolo's ice cold Arnold Palmer, in perfect proportion.  It's that good.  And it can't be much more sticky than the nasty saltwater those oceans have now, right?  plus that stuff tastes disgusting.

anyway, i cannot tell you how excited i am for the night hours that begin next friday at this location only.  every friday night, this Lolo's will re-open at five and remain open until THREE the next morning.  I don't care if I have to walk from downtown phoenix (where i usually do most of my weekend drinking), the people-watching here is going to be epic.  (oh, wait, those are the people i came in with.  funny i don't recognize them in the light...)  i can't wait.
I'm guessing everyone who gave this place 4 and 5 stars has never been to Roscoe's. I was really excited when I found Lolo's on Yelp because my bf had fallen in love with Roscoe's and I thought I might have found a Phoenix alternative. I looked at the menu online and it was a total Roscoe's rip off - super similar menu, names and descriptions ("succulent breast" anyone?).

The food here was good, not great. I thought the chicken itself was on the bland side and although it was nice and crispy, the crust seemed to taste almost burnt. My boyfriend thought it was dry. The gravy that smothered my chicken was also under seasoned and waffles were a little wimpy. My friend said his waffle was cold. 

However, I thought the service here was really great. They were very nice and helpful. I asked for gravy with my chicken and they forgot it, but were quick to bring me some. They ran out of drumsticks, so they gave my friend a wing - and when he asked for a thigh instead, they were very accommodating  although it didn't arrive until we were done eating. 

I would come back if I was in AZ and craving fried chicken, but considering the airfare from SF to LA is cheaper than to Phoenix, I think it's more likely that I'll be hitting up Roscoe's.
I have been the token metal head to the original Lolo's for many years. I ventured out to the new location with my sister, brother and my niece and nephew. 
This place is about 4 sizes bigger than the original. We were quoted a 15 min wait on a Saturday morning. We were sat in 5. 

The menu is the same, the china is the same, the "drank" glasses are the same. Feels just like a slightly more sterile original Lolo's. 

Waffles were cinnamon-y delicious, chicken was hot and crispy. The catfish was also hot and crispy. Everything except for location felt the same. Which is comforting. 

I'm still a fan of the charm of the original location and will dine there before I dine at the Scottsdale location again.
the chicken was good. the waffles was very good as they were nice and crispy and i dont usually care for waffles that much. the lemonade was too sweet. the mac and cheese was just normal and they seemed offended when we didnt finish it. the service was really nice. the environment was really nice too and it was a nice dine in place. there was plenty of choices on the menu as well with a ton of combinations.
It is just as one would think of when you would want some good food made from scratch daily with some of that quintessential homemade flavor and love.

When there are local food that defines the heart and culture of a city Lolo's would be a big part of it. Being that many of the high end and designer restaurants and their posh play on food and trends attracts all the attention and tries to monopolize the old town and south Scottsdale area. LoLo's brings you back to the good old basics and it's family base gives you that warm feeling that makes you feel good about eating there. 

The fried chicken is great, fried like no other and not like any fast food place. The portions are pretty generous so I hope to taste everything one plate at a time. 

The honey hot wings with fries!!! Yes please, thank you and I wish my basket was never ending.
I have been craving some soul food for quite some time, so I kicked and screamed til someone finally took me to Lolo's. After memorizing the menu for weeks, I knew I wanted the Baby Ray. So we go in and I was overjoyed that they had a band playing some sweet grooves. I jammed out a lil while waiting for about 10 minutes. We were seated in a nice lil half booth/table combo and had a huge jar of koolaid and sweet tea delivered to us. Yum! I starting getting the biggest sugar rush halfway through the wait. When my food did arrive, I was presented with two waffles bigger than my face, 3 big pieces of chicken smothered in enough gravy and onions to fill a whole gravy boat. The chicken was spectacular, really good flavor and crisp(when not soaked in gravy, get it on the side?). Gravy was pretty good as well.  The waffles were alright, I can't say I am the biggest waffle fan, but the subtle cinnamon flavor was nice. I think the waffles could have been better in my opinion. I am kicking myself for not trying the grits and collared greens or the red velvet cake. I could not finish my second waffle though, so much food, couldn't even think. The service was probably a B-. The hostess was bubbly and sweet. Our server was busy and a little frazzled maybe. The server gave us the wrong change and seemed to not believe that she had. Waiting for the correction was longer than average for sure. Overall, though, I had a good time, perfect way to end my weekend.
This was my Mom and her BF's first breakfast in AZ last Saturday. We got there shortly after they opened and were 3 of only about 6 people in the place, so of course the service was very quick.  The "soul food" breakfast was a unique experience for me, but it works.  Mom got a fried chicken breast and potatoes, Dick had the chicken/waffles & scrambled eggs.  My meal of 1 egg OE, grits and 1 waffle was the perfect portion.  We had an iced tea, diet coke and coffee, and with the drinks our meal was only $30, not too shabby for the amount of food served.
There was nothing that we had that didn't exceed expectations, I'm sure Lolo's is here to stay.
Short and sweet here! This place is awesome!!! Everything is great!!!! Maple Syrup of the best kind. You must try!!!
Yup, the mothership has landed in Scottsdale.  Lo Lo's is incredible!

Wife and I went there at 4:30pm.  There were not many people there.  I had a wing and a breast and a waffle.  Wife had a breast and waffle and we shared a mac n cheese and a corn bread.  OMG!  This food is fantastic.  

I never thought I would have the best fried chicken, corn bread, mac n cheese and waffles in my life all in one sitting.  The waffles were delicious.  I think they throw in a good amount of cinnamon for flavor.  

The chicken pieces are huge and the breading is where it's at.  I for one will never be going back to KFC or Churches again.  This is the only place for chicken as far as I'm concerned.   

They also have unlimited kool aid in mason jars.  I sucked down 2.
what can i say the staff was very friendly i had the 3 piece of chicken w/collard greens and cheesy grits  had enough for lunch the next day also came w/ big piece of cornbread
Best Soul Food in the valley eh? Well maybe, but in a town who's very soul seems to be slipping away, they are the best compared to who? I like comfort food, in fact I love it, and bolstered by all the amazing reviews...I wanted to loooove this place, but alas, did not. Hype, hype, hype....

The buzz is undeniable though, we went on an off day of the week, though the 30 minute wait would indicate that right now Lo-Lo dont got no off days.

10 minutes after being seated in a corner next to the bus station and fire exit, and a few confused/concerned looks from several bussers/servers, we were greeted by an "are you guys ready to order?"
....well hello to you to miss young thing in a hurry.

Alright, the food.
So, the lady gets three breakfast sides to piece together, since she couldnt find a combo that appealed to her. I got a chicken breast, waffle and eggs combo with a side of grits.

25 minutes later....

One of lady gnomes sides arrived on a one size too small plate with some scrambled eggs hanging off the edges.

10 minutes later...

My full combo arrives...presentation is certainly not Lo-Lo's strong suit, but then...its obviously just not a priority here, and I'm ok with that,

5 minutes later.... her sausage arrives....you get the idea.

Heres the verdict:
Grits: Good, but grits are pretty idiot proof. Youd have to go out of your way to mess those up.
Eggs: Fine. See Grits above.
Sausage: Very very good. ( I mean really good)
Fried Chicken Breast: Dry, Bland. (at Lolo's CHICKEN & Waffles)
Waffles: Thin, flacid...almost soggy and that was WITHOUT having put any syrup on it yet...(at Lolo's Chicken & WAFFLES)

We spent about 2 hours here altogether, maybe 15 minutes of which was us actually eating. Which gave us plenty of time to admire the ambiance and design. The pictures of the (owner's?) Kids on the walls playing in the kitchen were ADORABLE (genuinely) Everything was clean and polished, the staff all wearing newly minted Lo-Lo tee's with tongue in cheek witicisms written on their backs like "Backyard Pimp"...and I suddenly get the feeling that I had just come to see the new Lo-Lo's - Bruckheimer movie without having read the wonderfully poignent book on which it was based. The original Lo-Lo's as I understand it is a shack in down town phoenix, without hardly a menu and an honor system of payment. I get the distinct feeling that that building is where they left the Soul...and honestly I think I'm going to go looking for it....maybe I'll take a good book with me.

The novelty of Kool Aid in a mason jar can only get you so far....so for Lo-Lo's sake I hope all those 5 star reviews are warranted, not just hype, and that our experience was an isolated one... but for me , the search for soul definitely does not end here.
I've been hesitant to review Lolo's. I know everyone creams their pants upon its mere mention, but I really don't. I don't like fried chicken at all, and I'm generally too hungover in the morning to eat anything besides a gallon of gatorade, so I was afraid my review might only be relevant to a specific audience. Namely: Me.

But I wanted to review the Scottsdale location since I just went last weekend and have also been to the Phoenix location, so I figured the differences between the two might be worth pointing out. They both have good food, endearing servers, and awesome atmosphere. The differences are subtle, but noticeable. For instance, at the Phoenix location you get an ice cream scoop of warm, melty butter on your waffle. At the Scottsdale location you get a spoonful of cool, hard butter. I realize that waiting 5 minutes would solve this problem, but who has time to wait while there is a delicious breakfast pastry sitting right in front of your face?

Basically, everything was just a little different. Though this may have been in part because Coda B. and I split a 3 piece and he stuck me with the thigh.  Bastard.  He liked the grits better here but again, I liked them better at the other location.  Main reason: Not enough butter. I am in a race against time and if you think I'm going to die as a 95 year old healthy person you have another think coming. All of my decisions shave years off of my life, and I wouldn't have it any other way.

They did have an awesome little gospel band there because it was Sunday. So I left feeling that much closer to God. And not just because I felt like i might have a cholesterol induced heart attack at any moment. 

I would say if you're not generally a fried chicken fan, I don't think Lolo's will blow your mind. If you want an awesome breakfast experience go to the Lolo's in Phoenix. If they're too busy, come to this one.
I see what you're trying to do here and I do like it, I can't just grant a good review for only being.  What I don't understand is the overblown reviews for the place, to me it is not worth five stars.  First of all, it closes at 7pm on a Saturday, no good.

Had 3 pieces of fried chicken, 2 waffles, cornbread and mac and cheese.  While all of this was good, it wasn't great.  The chicken was juicy and well seasoned, but it was lacking for meat.  The mac and cheese seemed to use liquid cheese, instead of taking the time to really create some down-home goodness.  I'm going to stick with Honey Bears for my glutenous indulgences.

I wish Lolo's had some outside perspective on their food and menu.  This type of place can compete where there aren't many options but there are so many restuarants that have better quality, better service and cleaner spaces in the area.  

The Fried Chicken (strips) at Four Peaks beat this place.  Bring on the hate mail.
OK, I will try to be nice here. But I will warn you, the two worst things that can happen to a customer in a restaurant happened to our party. :-( Sorry Lolo's but you fell a bit short. 

I was looking forward to the Lolo's Chicken and Waffles experience for quite some time now, and the 'rents invited the starving college student, Me, to breakfast. The wait was a bit out of control, however I had an open mind, apparently this place is kind of a big deal and I should be patient. So I was. When we finally got a table, perfectly set aside from everyone else so it would be easy to wrangle the toddler that was with us, good job Lolo's on this one!, we immediately ordered drinks, that all but two out of eight were wrong. No big deal though, it was fixed pretty fast, as there are a million employees there. I am pretty sure we never saw the same person more than once. One to take our drink order, a different to deliver our drinks, a different person to take our food order, you get the picture. 

Anyway, we are having a great time socializing then the food starts to take a little bit of time, but they are busy so we don't bitch about it. When the food finally came, that is when all hell essentially broke loose. The sever first dumped an entire cup of syrup down my dad back, on the chair and all over the floor. Dad was not happy needless to say, but didn't freak out. The poor kid apologized but no other employee, i.e. Manager, came by to help or apologize. THEN, right after the spillage, he handed me my food, which was totally wrong first of all, and there was a gigantic moth sitting a top my mac and cheese. That was par for the coarse folks. I mean look at the plate before leaving the kitchen people, hello! 

I am sure I will go back at some point in my life. However, with all that happened, and the lack of anyone in the joint giving two sh***s about our happiness, I wont be going out of my way.
I have been wanting to try fried chicken & waffles my entire life but being a city boy I have yet to taste it. I knew that I wouldn't want to waste my first bite on a mediocre place so I'd held out...until now....and boy am I glad I did. This place is phenomenal. I had no idea how to eat this, did I eat the chicken and the waffle together? Did I slather the chicken in the syrup? I asked for aide from the staff and they assisted me along "No, put your chicken on this plate over here..."

I ordered a waffle, a leg, a thigh, cornbread and gravy (the meal comes with all-you-can-drink Red Kool-Aid too). They also had mac & cheese, fried catfish and red velvet cake, all of which looked amazing... I need to come back for that.

The tastes all meld so well together, the sweet, the savory, the salty, it was perfect. The waffle was warm, soft and pillowy on the inside, with just the right crispness on the outside. The chicken was piping hot, not too greasy, perfectly fried and flavored wonderfully. One of my favorite combinations was the waffle, a little butter, some syrup and the gravy. The cornbread was good drizzled with a little honey. I must say, this was one fantastic lunch. I haven't been so satisfied after a meal aside from maybe a few Thanksgivings.

This is a very popular place and was extremely busy. They have quite a lot of staff and they were all friendly and helpful. While I ate my delicious grub, a group of Arizona Cardinal football players were dining there as well, you know it's good if those guys are eating it. If you're anywhere within 1500 miles of Lo-Lo's please make a trip to get some amazing chicken & waffles.

I have photos and a more in depth review on my personal blog.
I've been to both locations, and I wonder if is fair to rate them together or should I do it separate? 
The Phoenix location is way to small for me, I don't like feeling like I'm almost sitting on my fellow diners lap and, this is a huge pet peeve of mine, I HATE smelling like food! Which is inevitable because the place is tiny. On the other hand it does have charm to it and the food is delicious.

The Scottsdale location I can move, don't smell like food when I get out but is more sterile. And then there's the food....

I always ordered fried chicken (of course!) and the breast tends to be dry so I decided to do thigh and drumstick. Well, this last time  the dark meat was fried to a burn:(  And not only the skin but the meat too. I should have asked for two different pieces but I was starving, and my hunger won. A shame because I left without satisfying my craving for good fried chicken. The waffle was delicious as always and I ordered smothered potatoes which were very good. It seems with their mac & cheese  people either love it or don't. I'm on the 'don't' group. It tastes milky and not very cheesy to me. I may try it again, because I love mac & cheese and I have the hope that maybe it was just bad luck before?

Service is ok, sometimes better than others.

After careful consideration, I'll give it 4 stars. I'll visit again, I'm pretty sure, and then I may go up or down one star.
we drove to Scottsdale cause I heard of this place called Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles on YELP 
When we first drove by there was a line outside the door, this on a Saturday afternoon. By the time we turned the car around everyone had been seated inside. The place was packed but my party of 4 were seated right away at a large table by the window.

It was really funny in there, the waiters had on black t-shirts that said funny things like "HOOD Rich" and "GHETTO FABULOUS"
and all the menu items were named 'ghetto' names and they even had Red Kool-Aid as a menu item. Since I'm from the "hood" in Detroit, I found it all hilarious.

Me and my grandma shared a meal, it was called "Ke-Ke's" which consisted of 3 pieces of fried chicken, a bowl of grits, some cheese eggs and 2 waffles. Much too much for one person but perfect for 2. Our meal was soooo delicious, that fried chicken has the perfect batter on it, not too thick, perfect seasoning. the waffles tasted like it had a dash of cinnamon or nutmeg in it and came with warm syrup, the grits came with a ice cream scoop of butter on them, The eggs were the best scrambled eggs n cheese I've ever had, ever, even homemade scrambled eggs weren't this good. 

I mean this food was sooo good. 

My cousin Apryl ordered 2 chicken legs, baked macaroni and cheese and candied yams, my Aunt Vicki ordered fried catfish, grits and collard greens.

The food there is perfect and I really want to go back cause i want to try the beans and rice, the greens, candied yams, actually all their side orders I want to try them.

The waitress was nice, and 2-3 came to our table to deliver the food and check up on us,  and our table was bussed pretty quickly. My only complaint is we had to wait a long time for our check to come and we were ready to go. We had to ask a bus girl to get our check for us. Also we'd asked for the check to be split in 2 and that wasn't done, so we had to wait even longer for them to get that worked out.

I recommend the place for it's food and ambience.
Mercy me, this place is deep-fried Heaven! We had very friendly service, the place was very clean, and sweet tea in a mason jar?? Perfection. Husband and I got your standard chicken and waffles, and added collard greens and (to die for) mac n' cheese. It was all superb. The greens were tender, not too bitter, not too salty, and the chicken was crisp, flavorful, and very high quality. Not too fatty, or greasy. Not to mention, as an interracial couple, we felt very at home here, no gawkers for a change lol, Must have been half the couples were of mixed ethnicity, and nobody asked to touch my daughter's hair, love it!
Love love love Lo-Lo's! And I love their new Scottsdale location. More for the location really, their original location has a totally different vibe. But luckily the food is the same at both places.

I always get the same thing - the Tre Tre's - two chicken legs and a waffle and of course red Kool-aid to wash down the grease. Their chicken is nice and crispy always cooked just right. Although I have heard the white meat pieces can be dry sometimes so I recommend the dark meat. Their waffles are fluffy and filling. And the sugar rush you get from the kool-aid is the perfect way to get going on a Saturday morning.

If you're really hungry the mac n cheese is a VERY good side. Nothing wrong with Mac n cheese for breakfast! And their red velvet cake is yummy too. 

On Sunday they have live gospel music that is a fun, lively addition to the meal.

This place is a true valley gem and has never disappointed.
So I was totally worried that Lolo's wouldn't live up to the hype. Everyone has been talking about it and it's pretty trendy to go eat there, so my husband and I were excited but reserved about finally trying it. I have to say though, Lolo's totally came through. Seriously the BEST fried chicken I've ever had. I don't normally like fried chicken, but now I realize that's because I haven't had really good fried chicken before!

The only bad thing about the experience was the wait to be seated (especially with a hungry 3-year old) but that's only because of the popularity. They made up for the fast service. Literally minutes after we ordered, we had piping hot food in front of us. 

Hubby and I both stuck to the theme of the restaurant and ordered the Lil' Amadi (chicken thigh & leg and 1 waffle). The chicken was perfectly crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. As you bit in you got the crunch and then the steam came out...it was amazing. The waffle was cooked to perfection. Slight crispy and golden brown. The batter they used was delicious. I loved the cinnamon or nutmeg or whatever it was in it. We ordered my daughter mac & cheese and i had to steal a bite. So very cheesy and creamy. Some of the best mac & cheese I've had in a long time. And then we also ordered two corn muffins because I saw them go by and I had to try one. They were heaven. So moist and a great flavor. I will never make my own corn bread again because I just can't make it that good, lol.

And finally I was happy because they had Pepsi products (very few restaurants do) and my daughter and husband were ecstatic to have Red Kool-aid in a jar.

The staff was friendly and very prompt. Our jars were never more than half empty and they kept us stocked in napkins :)

All in all, an excellent experieince and if you haven't gone yet, you should.
So I finally got to visit Lolo's to see if they were as good as everyone said they were. It was pretty busy, which is not uncommon as I am sure that it is always busy. I got seated pretty quickly because I was dining alone so kudos for me. I was quickly approached and asked for my drink order which was red kool-aid of course! WOW can we say sweet. I forgot how sweet kool-aid could be as I haven't had any in YEARS. But it was good though and brought back some great childhood memories. 

My next challenge was trying to decide what in the world I wanted to eat. So many choices. I had changed my mind about 4 times by the time the waitress came over to me. I wish I had gotten her name because she was very friendly and not overbearing. Me likey. Anywho, I decided to go big and order the KK, which is 3 pieces of chicken, 2 waffles, grits, and 2 eggs with cheese and onions. So after about 20 or so minutes, my food arrived and let me just say my eyes were definitely bigger than my stomach. 

First off the grits, now those ain't no instant grits! They came in a little bowl with a BIG gob of butter. Man they were so good. I had to move all that butter off to the side as it was a huge mound, but the grits were hot and oh so good. I had to add sugar to mine as that is how I like them and that make it even better. 

The eggs were good. Just scrambled with some cheese and onions. Standard. Nothing fancy about them. Nice and hot. 

Now on to the chicken. While the skin was nice and crunchy, it was a little salty for me. But between the sweet kool-aid it balanced out after awhile. Not bad, not bad at all. 

The waffles were good, but I was slightly disappointed. I think mine were a little too soft. I like them just a tad bit more crunchy on the outside but still soft. Kinda hard to explain, but they were not bad at all. They too came with a big gob of butter. I swear, I wonder how much butter do they go through each day let alone each week and year! 

I ended up only eating part of my grits, all of my eggs, one piece of chicken and half of a waffle. All the rest came home with me for a snack later. 

The ambiance of the place is nice, but I do wish the little flat screen TV that they have in the upper left corner was bigger and more centered. It seems so lost in that wide open space that they have. I also wish they had at least two stalls in the bathroom as there was about a 10 min wait for the ladies room. Other than that, not all bad. But know that if you are in a group and it is busy, you will have wait to be seated and the food takes awhile so be patient! Oh also know that if they are really busy, they will stop any take out orders. I witnessed people being turned away who were there for take-out only. I also watched as all the workers repeatedly washed there hands after handling just about any and everything. I saw my own waitress wash her hands about 5 times in the course of me sitting there. Very nice!!! (May sound like a weird comment but its good to know that they are hygienic)
I live a few blocks away from this place and always see a line stretching outside the door.  Curiousity naturally got the best of me, even though deep down inside, I knew that I should avoid it.  Southern cooking and vegetarianism typically don't make for a good match.  However, I can always find something on the menu and knew that an occasional vegetable does show up in Southern cooking.  So I checked it out with my omnivorous girlfriend (who ordered wings and fries).  I opted for a side of collard greens and candied yams.  We also had a side of mac n' cheese for her daughter.  I ordered a Kool Aid as well, which cost as much as 25 packets of Kool Aid in the store.  Way, way too much sugar.  Seriously, it tasted like a five-year old got his hands on the sugar jar when mixing it.  The collard greens were pretty tasty and the yams were decent too.  However, neither one of them blew me away by any means.  (I recognize that the chicken is the draw here, but still.)  My girlfried said the wings were good, but I've have seen her much more enthused about wings at other places.  The fries were pretty damn bad.  When the check arrived, I had a hard time believing that we were paying $35 for 1 meal, 3 sides, and 3 drinks -- all of which were slightly above mediocre. I left with a big weight in my stomach, which was partially caused by the heaviness of the passable food and partially caused by that fact that I knew I could have gotten three awesome meals at Noodles Ranch (Vietnamese restaurant about 3 doors down in the plaza) for about $15 less.
Ebony K. warned me...but I think those waffles are starting to chin check me.  To welcome a new member to my team at work we went to Lolo's Chicken and Waffles. I was excited because I have seen many positive reviews. The prior reviews were on the money. This is one of the best places I have been to in town, on da rilla.

I ordered the very manly Betty Boop...which claimed "one juicy breast and a waffle" to that I added a side of cheese grits. Having lived in the ATL, I had to order the sweet tea - but red kool-aid on the menu? I ain't mad atcha!  I am somewhat of a sweet tea snob, but this tea was perfect. The restaurant was full with a small line waiting, but despite the traffic the order arrived quickly. Shots out to our waitress, Didi. We had five in our group and of course no one carried cash. The back of the menu says 18% gratuity for parties of 5 or more, no separate checks and no more than 2 transactions per table for parties of 5 or more. She made an exception and we each ordered individually. 

The waffles were bigger than I expected. A coworker mentioned they were thin, so I mistakenly assumed small. Not so. The waffle and the chicken were very filling. I thought the fried chicken was juicy with good flavor and the waffle was excellent. I could have lived without the cheese grits, but I had to order them. I haven't had grits too often here in the desert. This meal magically transported me back to my days in the ATL. They also sell t-shirts for $20 with a variety of ghetto slang. Before leaving I had to pick up the "Barnyard Pimp" shirt. Thaswutsup. 

I will definitely be back to this place! Lolo's is off the heezy fo sheezy!
When I first heard about this place months ago, I never thought I would be interested.  I don't like southern or fried foods.  Then I saw a write up in the newspaper where people voted on their chicken versus some fried chicken from some fancy place....and it was pretty much a split decision.  The descriptions of the food made me want to try it.  

So we went last night (Friday night) for the first time to the Scottsdale location.  It was busy, but we we still sat immediately.  I was starving and the smell was wonderful!  I ordered the Betty Boop (one waffle and one breast) and Sierra Mist.  They do not serve alcohol here.  It comes in a huge mason jar.  I tasted the Kool Aid which was yummy too!  We also ordered the macaroni and cheese.

The chicken and waffles came out first.  The mac and cheese didn't come out until we were almost halfway done with our meal, which was a little strange.

The fried chicken was absolutely amazing!!  It was perfectly cooked.  The chicken was so tasty.  The fried part isn't overwhelming and greasy.  I am definitely a fan of fried chicken now! 

The waffle was good, nothing special, but the sweetness did complement the saltiness of the fried chicken.

I wouldn't order the mac and cheese again.  It was a small portion in case you are thinking of sharing.  But it was too cheesy for my liking.

I liked that the manager came around and asked how our meal was.  She seemed to genuinely care what we thought of it.

I liked the food so much that I went again the next day with my two daughters!  The place is kid-friendly, although there is not a kid menu.  I ordered both of them full plates, which I probably shouldn't have.  They could have easily shared one.  They loved it as well--and the kool aid!

I would definitely recommend this place!  I never thought it would be somewhere I would like, but I will definitely go back.  Best chicken ever!

And cute t-shirts too...
I don't have the heart to give this place anything less than 3 stars because they're just so damn nice, but I found Lolo's to be sub-par. I really don't get the hype. 

I ordered fried catfish, mac & cheese, cornbread, sweet tea, and a waffle. the catfish was bland and pointless. it just tasted like salt. season your food, dammit! maybe if I wasn't from Louisiana & had never had good catfish, I might have enjoyed it, but my standards are high, and unfortunately Lolo's did not deliver. I know I sound like a total snob, but it just wasn't good.

the cornbread was unnaturally yellow, almost neon, and it came already smothered in fake-tasting butter stuff. bleh.

the waffle tasted like it was made of air, so if you're into that kind of thing then you'll love em. I like waffles when they're somewhat crispy, so I was disappointed.

the mac & cheese was also pretty bland & pointless, and the noodles were overcooked. ALSO, there was a weird chunk of what looked like meat in it, which I did not appreciate finding.

the tea was pretty good. it comes in a gigantic mason jar, and it's sweet but not too sweet.

oh, and the ambiance is fucking terrible! turn some lights out, for goodness' sake!

all in all, I don't get it. the chicken must be really good, because there's nothing about this place that would make me want to return.
After month's of wanting to try out LoLo's, I finally made it there this past weekend.  I met my sister and some friends there on Sunday morning at 10.  We were seated right away at a giant 6 person table in the front corner of the restaurant, there were only 4 of us, so we had a lot of space, which initially we thought was quite nice, but I think our location lead to the downfall of our experience.

A server came over and took our beverage order almost immediately, she then dropped off our drinks and disappeared.  We then sat for about 10 minutes waiting to have our order taken when a different server came over and asked if we were ready to order.  So I guess the first lady just does the drinks?  I didn't think we were at Flemings!  So we ordered our food and began to wait...and wait...and wait.  The food took forever!  I guess part of the reason we felt this way was because my friend who was with us that had been there before said that the food came out really quick...so we were set up for failure!

When the food arrived, we were missing my friends grits, and it took our server quite awhile to come back and check on us to see how we were doing...so our food was about half gone before we received the grits.  I ordered the Lil Jay plus a leg of chicken.  I have to say the eggs were really good; perfectly fluffy and smothered in cheddar cheese.  I next tried the waffle, which is probably the best waffle that I have ever had.  I am not usually a waffle gal, as I couldn't tell you the last time I had a waffle that wasn't called Eggo, but this was a good waffle.  It was served with plenty of butter and syrup on the side.  Next I tried the chicken, and well, I am just gonna say it....it was just okay.  The coating was pretty thin, and I didn't think it had much flavor, it just tasted like chicken.  I would honestly chose some classic KFC chicken over this chicken any day of the week. 

So to sum it up, the service could be a whole lot better and in my opinion just go for the waffles....although the red velvet cake did look pretty tasty!
2.5 stars-
went to Lolo's for lunch on a Sunday- the place was nice and busy- waited maybe 3 minutes for a table.  Were seated but had to wait an additional 20 minutes for a high chair as the 2 they had onsite were being used.  Ordered the Te-Te's (2 chicken legs and 1 waffle) along with French Fries and Beans Over Rice.  Food came out with my entree about 4 minutes before my friend's did.  We were never brought out the fries or beans and rice- reason for it per the server- there was a big party (8ppl) slowing the kitchen up.

Food was good, not great, staff was very nice and hospitable. I will go back to give this place another shot- try something different on the menu as the waffles were super heavy and doughy.  Chicken was cooked to perfection- I swear I could have eaten 10 pieces!!
The waffles... yes. The chicken... YES! 

I had the Tre-Tre and my friend had the Lil' C.  Drinks are served in mason jars so you don't need refills very often, and everything comes with huge mounds of butter and in generous portions. Lolo's does not skimp. The waffles are golden brown and have a cinnamony, home-cooked element. If my waffles were just a tad on the crispier side they would have been perfect. 

The fried chicken is pretty amazing. I don't claim to really know much (or anything) about good friend chicken, but I know this is among the best I can remember having. Perfectly seasoned, juicy, and again, non-skimpy. I finished all mine and even stole some from my friend's plate. Whoopsie. 

Service was fine, the kid who was our server could pick up the pace next time for a better tip. Also, my check was returned to me cardless. I guess he accidentally dropped my card behind the counter and couldn't find it for a few minutes. Alright.

I'm going back soon.
Same great Lolo's fried chicken and waffles without the risk of getting stabbed or shot... and it WAS worth the risk to visit their South Phoenix location on occasion. The food is that good, it might even be the ultimate in comfort food! Lucky for us they have a new Scottsdale location where the most dangerous situation you could encounter might be a hungover Scottsdale "clubber" (who could scratch you with their Ed Hardy bling).

The only suggestion I have for them is to drop the prices about 25%
i grew up on soul food. my mom can/could cook the best turnip greens, collards, black eyed peas, fried chicken, fried catfish, corn bread, hoe cakes, red beans and rice, ham with redeye gravy, pork chops, mac-n-cheese, everything....all sopping good with bacon, hamhocks, grease, oil, butter....fried, artery clogging, heart attack, diabetes, coronary artery disease, edema, hypertension, bypass graft, obesity, lard ass food.....oh, and grits. 

she stopped cooking that way 20 years ago because it was horrendously bad for us. my dad wouldn't give in though and sure enough had a giant freaking heart attack. did well for a while, then gave in again....yup 5 years later, another heart attack. 

i haven't eaten fried chicken in 20 years. but i do love the other stuff...except no bacon or meat seasoning. and grits. beyond the supermarket, you can only get grits at a "high-end" trendy restaurant where they charge 8 bucks for a bowl that comes from a box costing 4 bucks with 20 servings! lo-lo's has good grits...really good grits. 

i can't condone (nor really condemn) this place. it's like...like...like...smoking for 50 years then quitting, then berrating other people who smoke. it's too bad this kind of food tastes so good because it really is not good for you. so many fat people were stuffed in here....do they realize how hard it is going to be when they are layed up in a hospital bed from diabetic/heart complications and they have to take a dump, but are too sick and fat to get out of bed quick enough and wind up poo-ing themselves, and having to use 3-4 people to roll them side-side, using washcloths to clean them up, all in between their fat rolls? it's so gross....and humiliating. 

if you eat here, go for a run...no, a triathalon...
I legitimately have not had such amazing waffles before. They are not super huge, thick and cake-y like some places that make waffles, which I like. The such a have a great cinnamon/vanilla flavor. The fried chicken has a great flavor. Have had lived in Louisiana for a while, I've missed some really great flavored fried chicken and Lolo's is amazing. The side of corn bread I got was really sweet and a huge portion for only $1 extra. The wait staff on the other had was sub par. It almost seemed like they were short handed. We didn't really have a consistent waitress/waiter which was annoying, just random people coming by bringing us stuff and refilling out drinks. All in all it was great food and worth the drive from Mesa.
They tried to make me go to rehab, I said Lo, Lo, Lo..

So it's Friday night, it's getting late, and there's a rumble in your tummy, where to go? Before you'd might hit up some fast food joint and regret it in the morning. Say good bye to those greasy drive-thru burgers and say hello to some down home soul food lovin' at the new location of Lolo's Chicken and Waffles.

Situated at the corner of Scottsdale and Thomas in what used to be a Kyoto Bowl, this is a welcome location to the neighborhood. It's the same delicious menu as the Yuma Street location and for me, just as tasty and deeply satisfying. 

Ordering the Lolo's Soul Food Platter ($13) is all about eating way too much way too late but with food this good I wouldn't order anything else. Your choice of fried chicken or fish plus 2 sides and cornbread, can be split between 2 healthy eaters and will be plenty to fill the tummy and the soul. The chosen 3 plump pieces of fried chicken, are so fantastically seasoned, and when smothered in gravy and onions is pretty much addictive pleasure. The sides are fantastically delicious, including the mac & cheese which is so rich and cheesy you'll probably order it every time. The collard greens are wonderfully tender and bursting with bitter sweet goodness. 

Dinner here just isn't complete without ordering you a hot buttery waffle ($4) to accompany your fried chicken. The tender sweetness of the waffle works really well with each savory bite of fried chicken, so much so that you might wake up early to come back for breakfast.

Who knew how these 2 components, which sound like such strange bedfellows, would work so well together? It really is a beautiful thing.
My favorite friend chicken.  I have not yet been to their new location but  their food is SO good.  can't wait to visit again.
You know what reminded me to write a review of Lolo's?  

This conversation: 

Sunday morning my friend says to me, "You looked really drunk at Lolo's last night." 
Me: "What do you mean?"
Friend: "You were all red and splotchy."
Me: "So, it wasn't the fact that I was eating fried chicken and a waffle at 3am that made me look drunk?"
Friend: "Hey, we were all drunk, you just have really light skin and it shows."

I have decided to not put Lolo's on the drunk late night eats rotation.  It's too bright in there and apparently my Swedish skin gives my drunkenness away.  Also, the floor is slippery when wet and it was raining that night.  I skidded across the tile right in front of a police officer.  Luckily, I never drive when I plan on drinking so it didn't really matter. 

I got the Betty Boop, I think.  It's a fried juicy breast and a waffle.  I felt like the fried juicy breast was a little over fried.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good and lets face it, if food doesn't taste out of this world when you're drunk it can't really be that good in reality.  The waffle, however, was delicious.  I don't know, I'm not from the South and I was drunk so you probably shouldn't take this review too seriously.
The chicken was dry & very salty. The waffles were fairly bland. The service was lousy too. If you love salty, sugary, high saturated fat items you may enjoy this restaurant. I'd prefer to clogg my arteries else where, thank you!
I was really excited to try out Lo-lo's because I had heard a lot of good things about it...but I was not very impressed.  
We went on a Sunday afternoon and it was very crowded..which I normally don't mind if the food/service is amazing. Had to wait 45 min to be seated.  
I ordered the Lil C (two drumsticks with a side of mac and cheese) and a side of string beans and potatoes.  The food was not what I would call very good...chicken was pretty dry and very salty.  My string beans were never brought out and I had to ask for them twice.  the service was pretty poor.....I won't be returning......
I don't get it? Is this supposed to be delicious soul food? Its a crap piece of chicken and a crap waffle on a plate for 8 bucks. The water is from the tap. I expected delicious, I got below average at best. Back to the real restaurants for me.
So my friends and I had to roll each other out of the door after this meal was over but it was sooooooooo worth it!!! BEST red kool-aid ever served in jars!! BEST waffles I've EVER had!! BEST red velvet cake I've EVER had!! I also did enjoy their chicken, mac & cheese and collard greens, but none were the best I've ever had, but very good.  I seriously dream about their waffles and red velvet cake, I don't know what magic mix of ingredients make up the waffle batter but it's absolutely perfect and these waffles would stand deliciously on their own even without butter and syrup, but who'd want to do that? the red velvet slice they give you is HUGE and soooo moist, the frostings is cream cheesy delicousness. I can not wait to indulge in this treat again, but since I'm far from being the only one who loves this place, it is always packed and the wait is long, at least on the weekend. Seriously considering taking a day off of work just for a weekday Lo Lo's run =P
First off.. back home (Northern California) I have to go to either Oakland OR Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in LA to get anything decent (I live in Santa Cruz... aka either a 5 hour drive or a 1 1/2 hour drive to get some southern goodness). This was on my list of places to go since our SBCer transplant got an ROTD at the other location.  

Honestly, for me personally the chicken and waffles were average *ducks and covers*  The waffles had little flavor and the chicken was meh....I will stick with Roscoe's down in LA.

The sides however were ridiculously bomb: 
The grits were cooked perfectly to our liking and were served with a big #$cking thing of butter.. amen...amen. The home potatoes were light, crispy and well seasoned. The collard greens were by far the best I have had in a minute..they were not too salty... not super soppy/mushy and came in the perfect sized bowl. Drinks came in a jam jar and once half consumed we were asked if wanted it either in a to go drink container (GENIUS!) or if we wanted more... I knew we had a drive with no real established potty so we declined.

Clean establishment with an autograph wall in the back (very cool). Service was good.... no complaints.
Met a friend here for lunch. He knew nothing about the place, just said "damn good chicken." The chicken was crispy outside, moist and hot inside. The waffles were light and crunchy. Since it's a new location, they may be going through some growing pains based on the negative reviews, but we were very happy with everything we tried.
so i'm waiting to get my taxes done and it was either the noodle house or lo-lo's. since we constantly eat nothing fried, no salt, no fat, pretty much all veggie, i needed to splurge. stepped inside and MY insides started to growl!

had the cod plate with grits and a waffle. why does the sweet waffle go so well with the salty fish? for whatever reason, it does and i left stuffed and satiated. good think i have the hospital on speed dial because i needed an immediate coronary artery bypass graft afterwards!
This was a pretty good lunch, I had the Lil C of two drumsticks and mac-n-cheese for six dollars.  I thought the price was a bit steep, but everybody's got to make a buck right?  Given this is 'the' spot for this type of food they can pretty much command their price.
So I placed my order and hit the rest room to wash my hands, by the time I returned to my table the food had already been delivered!  The chicken was pipin' hot, very crispy and juicy.  The mac-n-cheese was good, not great though.  My expectations were extremely high however given the number of Yelpers who specifically pointed out this dish as gastronomic nirvana.
Should I be in the area I'd return to Lo Lo's and try some other dishes.
The food is so amazing-. We have been 5 times now. It is a true spluge(caloric)- Fried chicken really isnt as easy to make as people think and they have it down to a perfection. The collard greens are as authenic as you can get. I love the waffles as well as the thick syrup.  My kids are young and I still have to cut their food for them, so I want to request a boneless chicken breast, just so I can get  to my food sooner!  Actually I bet alot of people would like a piece of boneless chicken, not me I love the legs and thighs. There are lots of people who wont eat meat off the bone (Weirdo's). Anyhow try this gem.
Just paid a visit to this *new* location in Scottsdale. 

My group of friends wasn't sure if it would be as good as the "original", but when we walked in we were amazed at the decor, very different from the original if you've been. 

That had our hopes pretty high, and we picked a seat and got our drinks rather quickly. Apparently a fresh batch of chicken was coming out of the fryer, so we waited patiently about 15 min. for our meals to come out. 

I got the Betty Boop ($7) and a side of corn bread, plus a lemonade the bill ran me $15 with a tip. As some have said, it's a little steep, but I've been here before and it is a TON of food. 

Anyways, the service was really great, they can't control how fast the food gets out most of the time. Will definitely visit again.
This was my first time eating chicken & waffles and it was weirdly delicious!!! 

I had the Lolo's plate & a side of mac & cheese :) 

The service was good. There was no wait on a Friday evening.
Lolo's is pretty awesome. I'm a big fan of mixing sweet and savory foods and they definitely did a good job of that here. 

The service was great and the food was excellent. The only reason it doesn't get 5 starts is because I didn't like the ambiance. It seems like it is very hard to find a nice, quiet, dark and intimate restaurant in AZ. Everything is brightly lit and resembles a fast food restaurant. I know I shouldn't expect a candlelit dinner environment from a place that sells chicken and waffles, but I like candlelit dinners! Anyways, Lolo's is great and I recommend it to anyone.
Great waffles, great chicken, great service, and great Thanksgiving-like afternoon nap after lunch.  Seriously don't eat lunch here if you have any important meetings within 5 hours. I am attracted and repulsed to this concept at the same time.  My body has decided that a place like LoLo's can only be enjoyed once a quarter.

I agree with some of the comments that this place doesn't retain some of the charm and South Phoenix anxiety of the original.  But the difference is small enough to not detract from the overall experience.
I have been a patron of the original Lolo's for years and have to admit I like the colorful flavor and mix of people at that location. But I live in Tempe and own a business right down the street from the Scottsdale location. I went right after it first opened and even though it was so shiny and clean and didn't have the urban feel I love so much, I can't deny that the food isn't just as delicious! Everything I have ever had on the menu is heart stopping good, literally! I only partake of Lolo's delight a few times a year, but it is always craved!
The girlfriend and I drove by and I caught it out of the corner of my eye and asked myself 2 questions. Fried chicken? and waffle? Both were answered yes by my stomach and in we went.

I'd heard a lot of people talk about this place in the past and didn't even know that there was one on Scottsdale Road. Didn't really bother to peek at the menu so when the waiter walked up and asked what I wanted I said," chicken and waffles." When he said how much chicken and waffles I said," Lots!" I got stymied for a moment when he asked if I wanted the chicken country style or smothered but decided to go smothered.

The waiter brought me a massive plate of deliciously tender chicken and just-right waffles, and he did the same for my girlfriend (she opted for unsmothered though). I feel like I ate for several hours and still barely finished the 2 breasts, 1 leg, and 2 waffles (I'm sure there's a name for that on the menu). After dinner I really thought I might womlet, which is a reference to a less-awesome combination I tried in the past, an omelet-topped waffle. I actually felt like I might womlet for several hours after that as well. Will that iffy feeling in my stomach caused by the unholy union of gravy, hot sauce, chicken, maple syrup, waffles, and coffee stop me from eating there. Oh Hell No!!! I fully plan on going back just as soon as I can fit back into pants that don't have elastic waistbands...
AWESOME fried chicken! I could eat multiple plates of it, I wouldn't live for long, but I would definitely enjoying it. The crust of the chicken has excellent flavor and they cook it perfectly, it is also great chicken, and I mean that it doesn't have dark spots. 

The waffles weren't great though and I didn't love the mac and cheese, but they do have good corn bread. 

Overall, it's worth going just for the amazing chicken.
So, I just started working in old town Scottsdale, and one of my team members recommended that we have a team lunch somewhere close by in Scottsdale.  Furthermore, she recommended that we go to Lolo's Chicken and Waffles, to which I replied, Hellz yes.  Never been there, but it sounded disgustingly great.

My instincts were correct.  Before I knew it, we were all staring at plates with heavily breaded, fried chicken breasts, thin, crispy waffles and nice sides of GRAVY and mac and cheese.

Sweet Jesus - this stuff was AMAZING.  The fried chicken was some of the best I've had, and the waffles, well, they were the BEST waffles I've ever had, done and done.  I ate the fried chicken and mac and cheese first, and then the waffle for dessert.  Epic, simply epic.

The only thing I didn't have that I wish I did, was a mason jar full of red Koolaid.  It would have been perfect.  I did have iced tea, which was awesome anyway.

The only drawback to lunch at Lolo's is that I'm now back at the office and experiencing a food coma that at best will negatively impact my productivity, and at worst will snatch the life out of my grease soaked carcass.

Five stars - can't wait to go there after a night of boozing.
The waffles were off when we went this week, I am hoping hoping hoping it was just an off day... :(
Pros - fried chicken, spicy collard greens, buttered corn, Kool-aid, and very friendly service.

Cons - dry chicken breast (it was my attempt at being healthy...I should have known better), and waffles weren't up to my expectations.

It took me 8 years to go to Lo-Lo's.  The chicken was delicious.  The next time I go, I'm going to order chicken wings, collard greens, cornbread, and Kool-aid.  Skip the waffles and any attempt at being healthy.
Great place!I'm 6'0, 215lbs and the plate that I got was too much for me to finish and I was starving.

The waitress was very nice as well. No matter what you order to drink it'll come in a Mason jar.

The food was great and the chicken was not greasy at all. The cool thing is they leave you alone enough to eat and enjoy your food without ignoring you, great balance in customer service.

The only bad thing is I have to drive all the way to Scottsdale from my home in Chandler!
The only other chicken and waffles I've ever had was Roscoe's in LA and that was when I was still eating meat, so it'd a bit hard to compare, but here are my 2 cents.

This place is spacious and for a relatively big group, we didn't have to wait, which was good. The drinks come it large jars, which was cool. Everything on the menu is pretty straight forward - some kind of combination of waffles, chicken, eggs with side options. I got the waffle with eggs and a side of string beans and potatoes.

The eggs were mixed with cheese (yum!) and nice and fluffy. The string beans and potatoes were alright.. a bit overcooked but maybe that's the style. The waffle was heavier than usual and most everyone I was with agreed that the waffles were definitely not the strong point of the restaurant.

If I ever go again, I'd probably stick with some sides and eggs. No waffles please.

The disappointing part was that gravy wasn't included on most of the menu items! =(
lo lo's has what you need if you're looking for soul food where there is a lack of soul... the chicken is good and the sides are killer - collard greens, candied yams - even the cornbread is on point. they got pepper sauce too. only thing missing is some Crystal hot sauce, which i will from here on bring myself. i'll be back for that waffle.

regarding what i just saw on urbanspoon - saying that lo lo's was a good "cheap eat" - i HIGHLY disagree. although the food is good and unique to the area (which is frankly why i don't mind paying for it), they're VERY proud of what they serve. this is no knock on lo lo's - as they should be proud of what they serve - but lots of soul food is inexpensive to prepare, but this soul food IS going to cost you. so don't be surprised when they bring the check.
I love the original Lo-Lo's in Phoenix for the atmosphere and the food. It's an irresistible combination. However, the Scottsdale location was exactly what I thought it would be. 

The food was still the same. My tre tre was as delicious as it has been every time before. The kool-aid is still filled to the brim in a huge-ass jar and the waffles make my mouth water before I even sit down. 

However, the change in atmosphere just makes it seem fake in my opinion. It's too new, the menus are too new.. our waitress asked us what she should try as she's never had any of it before... and Justin Timberlake was blaring on the speakers. 

Additionally, while this locale does take plastic rather than just cash, and even tho it divides up the bill when you look at it by seat, you cannot split the bill more then 2 ways. This will repeatedly cause an issue for my coworkers. Might as well only take cash.

This was definitely not Grandma's kitchen. It's close to work and good for those lunchtime cravings.. but my first choice is still good ol' original Lo-Lo's.
Trying the restuarant for the first time. Betty boop is waffle and chicken breast. Drankin' out of mason jars is always fun.The food was good but the service left something to desired. Once we were seated a (group of 5) we waited until a guy asked if anyone had taken our drink order. It seemed like 10 minutes. We gave our food orders at the same time as drinks and the food arrived in parts before the drinks did. If the service does not improve, we are not going out of our way to eat there.
I am a long time huge fan of Roscoe's House of Chicken & Waffles out of California, so when Lolo's opened up in the "orb" I was quite excited.  I finally went there for breakfast (after a happy 5 hours the day before) so I figured it would hit the spot!  We got right in, and didn't have to wait, and the decor is casual and the place is clean.  I kept imagining it as the old Tokyo Bowl or whatever it used to be, but I quickly got past that when the food came.  I was with a friend so we ordered the KK's platter and shared it.  It had 3 nice pieces of fried chicken, a big waffle, scrambled eggs with cheese and onions (they go heavy on the onions!) and grits dripping with butter.  It was perfect for 2 people.  The chicken is nicely fried, juicy and not overly greasy.  The waffle was thinner in style and had almost a sweet or malt flavor, very nice!  The grits were really good too, but next time I will get them with cheese also...yumo!   After showing my friend how to property eat everything....you put the chicken right on the waffle, douse everything in hot sauce and syrup and dive in....I was off and running to not having a hangover anymore.  And it worked.  I also love the "jar of drank" that comes in a big mason jar.  I got the red kool-aid and probably had the little kid kool-aid mustache after, but loved it.  We were too full for dessert, but I bet the red velvet cake is great.  I cannot give it 5 starts because my heart belongs to Roscoe's still.  However, I am SO happy to have chicken and waffles nearby.
Only thing keeping this place from 5 stars is a few nitpicks about my meal.  It was good though and I will go again.  But read on.

*Service:  TOP NOTCH!!  From the moment I walked in the door the girl that noticed me walk in jumped up and came on over..gave me a couple options of where I wanted to sit, I chose to sit at the "bar."  They set me up with a tasty sweet tea right away.  Delicious it was.  My waitress was attentively awaiting my order, but in no way pushy.  She was busy at the time I closed my menu, but someone else was right there and asked me if they could start something cooking for me.  By all means they could.  She came back...told her someone had already started it and what I ordered.  Food came out and all was well.

*Food:  Good, plenty, and quality.  I had a pretty good plate of food in front of me for $8 (of course, not counting drink or tip).  Chicken seasoning/batter was quite tasty.  My only nit here is that the chicken was a little dry.  It did fall off the bone...but was just a little dry.  The sweet tea and excess syrup on the plate were excellent for addressing this issue though.  Plus, some chicken and waffle bites together was actually not bad.  The waffle itself was quite fluffy and quality made.  My only nitpick with the waffle is aside from the butter provided, the waffle itself had a very buttery flavor to it.  There was nothing wrong with it...just wasn't quite expecting it...and it didn't seem that the syrup was very sweet...so it just tasted very buttery (if I'd realized that, I probably would not have used the whole dollop of butter that was there).  BUT...it was a quality meal and tasty.  I will visit again.

Conclusions:  As I was finishing up, I was offered more sweet tea by my very attentive but not annoying or pushy waitress.  I had her give me half a glass.  As I was putting the bill together, a guy behind the counter (manager perhaps?) offered to fill it up before I left.  I declined...but I must say...I really, really enjoyed the customer attention and service.  So many places lack this.  It was a delight and a pleasure to patronize LoLo's Chicken and Waffles.
I love fried chicken and LoLo's has great fried chicken. Now as some of the others have mentioned it is salty but it's not over the top. It actiually has an amazing flavor with a little more spice than you get at most places.it is also crispy instead of that weird softly breaded junk you usually get when you order fried chicken in Arizona. The Mac and Cheese is to die for and so are the potatoes. I'll definitely be coming back.
Another spot that I tried out w/a girlfriend prior to our little shopping spree.

The chicken was delicious and the waffles were also good.  I didn't think the waffles were especially phenomenal but together they worked well along w/the syrup.

What I actually enjoyed most was the eggs w/cheese & onions that came w/our meal...they were some of the yummiest eggs I've had in a long time.  I also ordered an extra side of collard greens since I love collard greens and what's eating at a soul food restaurant w/o trying the greens?  I found them to be entirely too sweet & spicy...I couldn't detect any other flavor beside the sweet & spicy and I didn't find them too appetizing.

The staff was friendly and easy-going and we even chatted up our neighbors at the next table.
Went to Lo Lo's on Monday and while I was impressed with the chicken the service was not great. 

First the good, the chicken was moist and flavorful, mac and cheese & home fries also very good. 

The bad, I asked for a to go cup for my drink and they charged me $2.50....what $2.50, but I already had a drink I just wanted the rest to go, that really turned me off. Also, the service was lacking, we waited 20 mins for our bill and when we still didn't get it we had to go up to the counter and get it ourselves. Our server was to busy chatting up one of the other workers to pay attention to his tables.

All in all I would go back again for the chicken, but I don't think it's going to become a favorite.
Since there are already a gazillion reviews for LoLo's I will just say I had a super duper great experience at the LoLo's in Scottsdale.

The staff was the most delightful bunch of folks.  I sat at the bar and chit chatted with them listening to Michael Jackson and devouring Fried Chicken

Fried chicken.  Yes please, may I have another.
The best fried chicken I have ever had!  Just right; spicy crispy outside and the tender juicy inside.  The waffles are perfect with the chicken, too.  

We have been here several times and we are never disappointed.  Friendly employees, very clean, and delicious food.
I was a Chicken and Waffle rookie and thought I should try it. It was wonderful. The staff was fun and the food was great.
Okay... I love LoLo's. I think it IS better than Roscoe's. I live for their Red Velvet Cake. I DO love most of their food and usually the service is great... so why the two stars? Because I'm not a fan of THIS location. and here's why...

- The crazy hours. I never know WHEN this place is open, sometimes the sun isn't even set and it's closed and other times I go by and late at night and they're open. It's very inconsistant and frustrating. 
- The loud azz sound system blaring in the background makes it hard for me to hear the person I'm dining with. So usually we just eat in silence while the music plays on.
- The food simply isn't as good as the original location. Everything is a subpar immitation. The chicken is usually overcooked and the waffles lack that certain crunch or crispiness. 
- and my own personal reason - I had hit up Lolos on twitter and said they should have a separate to-go menu and I even said on twitter that we were dining at the counter and it was way facinating to watch the food come from the window. Which it was. I liked it, they were cranking it out and were having a good time when in comes this manager who started barking out orders and basically bullying the staff. I thought it was unfair. and then I got the bill... and was misbilled. I told the waitress who didn't do anything about it and ran my card. I asked her to fix it before running my card - she didn't. I didn't sign my ticket and asked the bully of a manager (who was bald with a tan shirt on June 10th) and then shrugged off my complaint and didn't change it. He didn't even look at it. I was astounded. I didn't know what to do - so I entered my tip and signed my ticket and vowed to never return to the Scottsdale location. oh and before we left, the Bully of a Manager asked me if I wanted a to-go menu, I said yes, thinking it was so serendipidous but when he handed me a regular menu with this shitty look and scarcastic tone he said that THIS WAS their to-go menu... and that's when I knew... he had read my tweets. 

I didn't mean any disrespect, honestly. It WOULD be awesome if they had a to-go or catering menu. There will be feedback from customers. And I don't care HOW good your food is, nothing warrents such rudeness to a PAYING customer. I think success had gone to the manager's head and they forgot how to keep it real - one of the drawbacks of being "Hood-rich" as the waitstaff's t-shirts declare. 

To my yelpers I say: Be careful of what you tweet. The manager at the Lolo's Scottsdale location is sensitive so perhaps you should just save your opinion for yelp. And as for the food... imagine you found Lolo's recipe book... and you tried to make yourself a little feast, you did everything EXACTLY as it says, but it misses something... some pizazz, some flavor, some... soul? You will have the Scottsdale location's food down! Stay away from the Scottsdale location. i will keep to the Downtown location where they keep it real
I have to admit that the main reason I wanted to go to Lolo's Chicken and Waffles was to figure out the Chicken and Waffles thing.  Perhaps it is my Midwestern sensibility - but it just sounded like an odd combination to me.  I have now been to Lolo's twice - and I still do not know why it works as a combo, but I now know that it works amazingly well.  

This was one of those rare places that I wanted to go back to as soon as I finished eating the first time - so I took my family three days later.  The family enjoyed it too.  Since then I am looking forward to my next visit.

The chicken was excellent (I recommend smothered in gravy even though that makes the chicken a bit messy and harder to eat).  The waffles were thin and a bit sweet and served with warm syrup.  The quart jar of kool-aid holds it all together remarkably well.  My wife even said it was the best fried chicken she has every had!

There were two reasons I did not rate it a 5 star;  1)  the restaurant is clean and nice looking but a bit crammed with tables - in addition to the conversation I had with my family I got to enjoy the conversations of the people on the tables to the right and the left of me and , 2)  Although the prices are not bad - the place is not cheap $10 to $14 not including tip and tax or so for a meal including a glass of kool-aid), and it sort of seems like the sort of food you should be bragging about how much food you got for the money.   Neither of these complaints will keep me away because the food was great!

In Summary, great food, great kool-aid, a decent atmosphere.  This is a place  that needs to be tried if you have never tried chicken and waffles and want to (even if you don't want to you should try it).  If you are braver than me and try the plate of deep fried gizzards let me know what you think!
I tried to give full marks to Lolo's having heard all the hype. Realize that I am coming from Louisiana and also New York City where one can obtain the namesake specialty rather easily and in variations.
Instead of telling you all the cliche things that you will need to know about Lolo's, I am going to tell you why ultimately I did not "drink the kool-aid on a  5 star rating.  

Better pricing is the missing star.  I found the place to be on the expensive side for what you get.  It is perhaps a part of my relationship towards this home cooking that makes me feel this way.  But please note:  Service was great...but don't plan on being in and out for a quick lunch unless to do a to go order... Also, these waffles are wonderfully flavored.  I detected a nice hint of vanilla and a touch of cinnamon.  The chicken is nicely seasoned...nothing greasy about this batch.  I will also say that if you are not used to Kool-Aid, or if you are like me and used to be able to water that thing down until the original colour had faded by simply adding batches and batches of sugar to it.... You will be in for a diabetic shock! Here's what to do: Ask for a side glass of water and then inject some of the kool-aid into the water.  My favorite is grape drink!!!  

I am hoping to get back to Lolo's to try their gizzards.  I had the basics on this trip and it is really worth the return trip.  Bring your friends and go and eat late there on Friday night!
I think Lolo's is better than Roscoe's.  And Roscoe's is pretty good.  So that means Lolo's is better than good.
Good meals at a reasonable price! Love the chicken/waffle combo. The waffle is the best I've ever had!!!!!!!!
Very Good. The thought of chicken & waffles never sounded good to me, but WOW!!!! This place is great and I can not wait to go back very soon. The chicken is not greasy, the tast is out of this world! 

The service was friendly and helpful while trying to decide. 
Go check it out for yourself- you'll love it too!
MMMMMMMMMMMM Good! The fried chicken here is fantastic.The chicken was thoroughly cooked (doesn't happen every place).

My chicken bread was moist and juicy and some of  the best fried chicken I've ever had. The breading was not too greasy and tasted very good. After i finished my piece, I wanted more!

The waffle served with the chicken is very good! A very nice size and complemented the chicken well. I could do without the the slab of butter, a 1/4 of the butter would do.

The mac and cheese as a side is a definite winner! 

I'm a big fan of the drinks coming in a mason jar.

Service was good.

I think the cost of the food is slightly overpriced. The 1 chicken breast and waffle was $8. A side of mac and cheese was $3.50.  One side item should come with every meal. 

Based on how much I enjoyed the chicken and mac and cheese, I'll be back.
I heard about Lo-Lo's through its spotlight on Inside the NBA during the NBA Playoffs, and instantly new it was a place I'd have to visit. My fiancee and I went on a Sunday around 11 AM. The place was packed, yet we were seated as soon as we walked in, which was very nice. I was unprepared for the level of deliciousness as I ordered a Betty Boop with Kool-Aid and a side of potato salad. From my first bite of the chicken breast, I could tell this was the best food I've ever eaten. Hands down. I didn't think anything else could top the chicken, but the waffle, which I ate second, actually surpassed it by a good margin. I wouldn't call its taste cinnamon (as a few other reviews have claimed), but there is definitely something in those waffles that makes you want to keep eating, no matter the size of your stomach. The bottom line is that the food at Lo-Lo's drastically exceeded my expectations, and every day I await my next visit. It has since become my favorite place to eat. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys chicken, waffles, and interesting combinations that taste amazing!

On a final note...the price. Before going for the first time, I looked at the menu online and thought it to be a bit pricey. That is, until I actually went and ate the food. Not only is the quality worth the bucks, but the QUANTITY is well over enough. I left stuffed and happy with my fiancee only having to pay ~$25. Not bad, in my opinion.

Please do your taste buds a favor and visit Lo-Lo's soon! You won't regret it.
hadn't been here yet so when some friends said we were meeting here i was a little skeptical as i tend to eat on the reasonably healthy side.  but i'll be damned if some chicken and waffles doesn't hit the spot from time to time. 

the awesomeness was off the charts.  very friendly staff too.  chicken was crunchy on the outside and nice and juicy on the inside.  the waffles were a beautiful compliment.  

i'll be back for sure.
4 stars easy for the quality of food.  I give the downtown location 5 stars, but something about the Scottsdale location is lacking (although i'll be damned if i can put my finger on what, exactly).

But don't let that stop you.  If downtown is too far, this place is still well worth every penny you'll spend there.

The fried chicken is unlike anything I've ever eaten.  I was never a fried chicken fan until Lolo's.  Of course, perhaps that's because I grew up on KFC and Popeye's and a variety of other sub-standard chicken shacks.  Lolo's is addictive.  It is perfectly greasy and cooked perfectly with a crispy-crunchy outside and a deliciously moist and tender inside.  

The sides are fantastic, and I always hesitate on what to get.  The grits are great (but how do you *really* screw up grits).  Love the mac n cheese which reminds me of something homemade rather than Kraft MacNCheese (which is great, just nothing special).  The cornbread is nice and fluffy.  The french fries come with a seasoned salt that is like a drug.

And the waffles.  Dear lord, the waffles.  Buttery, cinnamon-y (although I think there's more than cinnamon to the unique flavor) and syrup-y.  It is honestly hard to find the words to express the quality of these waffles.

I've heard the desserts are legendary, but god save me I've never made it past the meal.  In fact I think I've only finished the KK's combo #1 a couple times, let alone want dessert afterwards.

Service has been a bit spotty at the Scottsdale location, although never terrible.  We've had a couple times where we waited quite a while, but service has always been pleasant and apologetic whenever we've had much of a wait for anything.  So if the service isn't fantastic, it's certainly good and friendly.  

Now I can't wait to go back.  But if you're downtown Phoenix...go to the original.  I'm not sure what it is...but everything is just a tiny bit better there.
This place has really yummy chicken drumsticks!! Soo juicy and tender!! I love how the drinks come in these old jam containers!! And mighty big they are!! They have blue kool-aid too! haha! The people in there are all really friendly and love their t-shirts.  The grits were okay...the trick is eat it when it is pippin hot and with all that butter melting...once it's cold, it's not good anymore. Their candied yams are really yummy too.
The best fried chicken I've ever eaten, a serious collection of southern soul food, the staff is great, even the customers are fun. You gotta go to Lo-Lo's.
I'm a huge fan of Lo-Lo's... Best vegetarian option has to be The CJ's (number 14 I believe - 1 waffle, 1 egg, and a small bowl of grits). And when I'm being a "bad vegetarian" I can get a southern style chicken leg as a side order. Seriously amazing grits & the southern style chicken with the waffle just can't be beat (especially if you "accidentally" get a little syrup on the perfectly seasoned chicken).
Either Lolos you choose, you're going to end up with some of the best fried chicken in town and some pretty damn amazing waffles too. Service is quick. Waffles are insane. Portions are huge. Chicken is great. Cheese-eggs are a godsend. And the Kool-Aid is entirely opaque. Terrifyingly so. Likewise, avoid the Sweet Tea if you're diabetic, or ask them to cut it half-n-half with the regular tea because DAMN is it sweet.

If you're in the Phoenix location, you may have this sneaking suspicion that you'll come out to find your car up on blocks, but I've never had any trouble and if it's that much of a concern to you, the Scottsdale location is all nice and pretty.

Four stars only because the chicken has been a bit skin/batter-heavy and in a way that hasn't been amazing the last couple of times I've gone. When all's said and done though, you can't beat the combo. 

Do yourself a huge favor and order less than your starving self thinks you need. The waffles will fill you up quicker than you can imagine and the syrup (while not of the Maple variety) just tacks it on. 

Nice folks, great food, fun times.
Hostess Great, Waitress Great, Big Black lady that actually slapped our good down and stated "I guess this is yours", Shameful!

Even though the food was great, would not return until service staff changes!
When I want a completely over indulged, guilty-pleasure, (what diet?) meal I come here. I love Lolo's. The staff is warm and friendly. There's usually a wait (Scottsdale location), but it moves fast and is so worth it. If you're counting calories don't come here...you will starve, there's nothing for you on the menu :) But if you want comfort food, soul food...read on. I always start with a nice tall jar (love) of old school red kool-aid! I die, it reminds me of being a kid, so good and pure sugar. Everything I have tried has been wonderful: fried okra, grits with butter (yum), fried chicken, waffles, greens, mac&cheese, and to conclude a fabulous meal red-velvet cake. Take-out is great and done well.
I had heard about chicken & waffles for a long time, and never had an opportunity to try them. 
When I had them at LoLo's in Scottsdale I was NOT disappointed. 
The fried chicken was among the best I have ever had. It was like being in the south.
When you follow the fried chicken with a tasty huge waffle, it's like dessert, but better.
I can't wait to go back
Being a fan of the infamous Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in Long Beach, I was totally down for some chicken and waffles this morning. The bestie found this place because it was close to my new home in Arizona and was sure to be a hearty brekky after all the physical exertion of packing, moving and loading/unloading a Uhaul. So off we went...

The place is easy to find and pleasant to walk into. The staff was friendly immediately upon arrival. Service was quick and attentive. The menu is simple but appealing...so are the prices. We decided to go with the traditional chicken and waffle plates to satisfy the savory and sweet tooth. Waffles are big, maple syrup is warm and the chicken is perfectly southern fried. 

I'm afraid I have to admit that I may now be thinking of LoLo's first whenever I hear chicken and waffles. MmmMmm!
Take two food items which are awesome at anytime of day and build a restaurant around them and this is what you get. I don't think i could eat this fare everyday but when you're in the mood, boy does it hit the spot. The service is very good and the premises is well maintained.  The only negative thing i can say is that they serve pepsi rather than coke.
The service we received  here was incredible, our order came out in like 2 minutes, but didn't seem to have been sitting out at all. The chicken was amazing, and the waffles were delicious. Love the mason jar drinks, and all the signatures on the walls
I've been to Lolo's downtown Phoenix location many times, and I wanted to try the Scottsdale location to make sure they have some consistency going on.  Everything was great, the service is great, the portions were huge (like I expect from Lolo's) and the chicken and waffles were greasy and buttery enough to harden my arteries. However, I will say this; there is something about going to this Scottsdale location that just doesn't..... well.... feel right.  I can't quite put my finger on it though -- maybe, it's just that I'm used to their location in a more "questionable" neighborhood versus the slightly upscale feeling that I get from Scottsdale.  Maybe it's that the Scottsdale location doesn't feel as cozy because it's in a strip mall and you are not sitting  crammed together with other tables like you are in the Phoenix location.  I don't want to stop you though.  Bottom line:  the food is great, and the service is quick, and it's still Lolo's... so get over there and get your chicken and waffles on!
How can you say anything bad about Lolo's?  This place has it all figured out.  Decor, service, food & atmosphere are all part of the experience. 

I think certain restaurants really get you into the mood to eat there, and Lolo's is one of them.  The location in Scottsdale is bright, cheery and has great music (jazz & hip hop when I was there) playing from the counter in front of the kitchen.  Plus, we have great service every time we go.

The food here is king.  I've had the chicken & waffles and the fried catfish platter.  I will admit I am not a fried chicken connoisseur, but this was the best I've ever had, and I've eaten at some great places in Georgia and South Carolina.  The waffle is actually thinner than you might expect, but it's darn tasty.

My favorite is definitely the Catfish.  Their seasoning in the batter and the quality of fish made for a killer meal.  AND, if you love cheese, get the mac & cheese.  There is no fake cheese sauce in there.  It was real cheese, and it was thick!  The fried Okra was the perfect finishing touch.

Please keep in mind both times I ate here, I was with petite ladies that ordered on the lite side (who watched me devour the greatness & have been back since to eat what I had), and I wish I wore stretchy pants.

One more thing... They serve real Kool-Aid (OH YEAH!)...
I really enjoyed the chicken and waffles. I got it to go, so the waffles were soggy, but still very good. The hot sauce was a little to heavy on the vinegar for my tastes. Overall I was very pleased. The red velvet cake is a meal by itself.  Very good chicken and very good waffles.
The combination of chicken and waffles has baffled me for years. I never quite understood what would inspire a chef to serve these two unlikely meals on the same plate, but couldn't ignore how much folks raved about it. Day 25 of my 30 day blogging challenge  called for a "first" of sorts and I figured I'd get out of the house and do something new. Despite seeming like a breakfast/dinner clusterfuck, I opened my mind as well as my stomach, and ventured to Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles.

It had been years since I went to the original Phoenix restaurant (the epitome of a hole in the wall) but I did remember the food being good. Since the company branched out to include a Scottsdale location I was thrilled to only travel 5 mins for food. The location is nice, though I agree it doesn't have quite the "charm" of the original location. It felt more like a little, sit down restaurant than a hot food spot.

I fought the urge to stick with what I know and get catfish... but ended up biting the bullet and ordering the #10 (Tre-Tre - $7) which consisted of 2 legs and 1 waffle, a side of fried okra ($3.50) and "red" kool-aid.The restaurant happened to be running low on legs so there was a bit of a wait but I came equipped with a magazine so it wasn't a big deal.

The Verdict? It wasn't a bad meal but I don't think I'd ever order this again. It didn't taste bad... not at all, but I guess it just felt like I was paying for something my mom could've made me lol. The only reason to pay for this meal is because you don't have access to cooking it yourself. The Okra was just okay. I like Church's okra better. My mom has made better chicken but I'd take their waffles. This meal reminded me of going to Sprinkles for cupcakes. It's more about the hype around the place  than the actual meal itself... or it could be because my mom is from the heart of Mississippi and knows how to put her foot in southern food. Ehh.. I'm glad to say that I tried something new so I can turn it down in the future based on personal experience and not a notion.

Sidenote: The credit card machine was glitching out when I was there so next time I'd just bring cash. The staff was VERY friendly and it was a pleasant experience... just felt like I paid for a meal I could've gotten from home.
My profile says....

My Last Meal On Earth: Chicken and Waffles

Lo Lo's is the reason why.  Everytime I visit Arizona, I make sure I hit this spot up.  I usually order the 'Lo Lo's' meal which comes with 3 pieces of fried chicken, with 3 waffles and a scoop of butter with syrup.  YUM!  This meal would not be complete without ordering their super delicious Sweet Tea which is served in a glass jar.  

There are two locations, one in lower Phoenix, and the other in Scottsdale.  The one in lower Phoenix is the original location.  However, it's much smaller so wait times could vary.  The Scottsdale location is much bigger,  so dealing with long wait times should not be as big of a  problem.

Winner Winner Chicken Dinner, Lunch and Breakfast please.
If you are reading this today is your lucky day! Truly. I am an on again off again food snob. Maybe reformed. But no.
 I LOVE fried chicken! Always on the hunt for the tender fried feathered...unfeathered friend. I have chowed here 4 times expecting it to be orgasmic, wanting to love it. Well, I don't. I have finally decided to post why. I am not from the school of "one and done" everybody, well almost everybody when it comes to food get's a second chance. Sometimes even more. I am done with Lo-Lo's however. Here is the phat skinny. I order the KK's. It is 3 pieces of chicken with two waffles, grits and cheesy onion eggs. I have a big ASS Kool-Aid, (wish they had the purple stuff) and I eat the whole damn meal. The waffles are ok for me, they are not as crisp on the outside as I would like and they are soooo thin. The cheese and onion eggs are great. But c'mon, the fried chicken at a fried chicken joint needs to be OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! With all fellow yelpers basically saying that it is I feel like I'm going to be sent off Yelp Island. Fortunately my little sis is a part of Yelp so I may get a free pass...ala second chance! The Fried Chicken here tastes like someone broke out some progresso bread crumbs and a big ass bottle of wesson cooking oil and cooked about 100 batches in the same dirty oil. It just had the burnt dirty oil flavor every time. I am not a fan of that. The Thighs were pretty descent, the breast was horrible. Every time the breast meat is dry, bland and has that off putting oil taste. 
 So, LO-LO....NO-NO, get some Purple Drink-Mix and keep that damn bird moist. Change the oil more often and I will try again. Untill then I will keep creating my own "Ghetto Taco" Thats what we call them in New York. A box of Churches a bottle of hot sauce and a box of frozen waffles..... with some Cream of Wheat on the side!!
Amazing, amazing, amazing! We walked in first thing in the morning. The place was super clean and someone was singing in the back " were open, were open". I found that completely charming and welcoming. We were promptly greeted and our order was taken shortly thereafter. The chicken was great dont know what they did but it was moist and perfectly seasoned. The waffles had this nutty goodness. Portions were large. 

I live in Mesa but have dreamed of it since. Need to make my way back there to try the catfish, oka and red velvet cake. Yummy for my tummy.
Great waffles, so-so chicken. I loved the waffles here. They were thin and dense with a great flavor.  The chicken, however, really wasn't that great. I think it was the breading the chicken was in that I didn't love.  It literally tasted like bread.  Bland bread.  That's not how I like my fried chicken.  

The lemonade was the BEST I have ever tasted.  I can see stopping in here to get waffles and lemonade.  

We ordered the KK's special or something like that. It came with 2 waffles, 3 pieces of chicken, grits and cheesy eggs. It was plenty of food for the two of us (me and my husband) and we even had a piece of chicken left over.  

Our waiter was great - even though he scared our daughter (not his fault).  She cried hysterically every time he looked at her (she's only 1).  The music was loud (but good) and the atmosphere was fun.  

We'll be back again the future.  Maybe just to try the red velvet cake. It looked SO good, but we were too stuffed to even think about getting some.
I loved the fried catfish - not greasy but flaky and tasty!  I'd never had grits before so I have no idea how good they are to the GP, only that I THOUGHT THEY WERE DELICIOUS!  What a nice surprise!  The greens were tasty with a slow burn that sneaks up.  The mac and cheese was VERY cheesy.  Good flavor yet I just couldn't eat much.  Really rich!  Now to the chicken.  It was OK.  I think I expected a different flavor or preparation so I was a little disapointed, but I ate it because it was good anyway...just not - YUM, like the catfish (personal preference)  Enjoy!
Better than Roscoe's House of Chicken and Waffles. #8 The Betty Boop which comes with a waffle and a breast of chicken is my absolute favorite. How can you go wrong?

Savory waffle, sweet syrup and even more moist chicken. Yum Yum Yum! Great service and delicious mac n' cheese... my new sinful pleasure. 

I take all my favorites to this place for breakfast, what a treat, a down-home good food get down in the heart of Scottsdale
If you like fried chicken and waffles, this is the place for you. Very tasty fried chicken. Drinks are served in jars. Only complaint is that they don't like to split the check.
I've been on a real bender lately...and this Fried Chicken was worth it!...I got the Betty Boop which is a huge fried chicken breast with a super fresh and tasty waffle...the chicken was juicy, moist and perfectly fried!  I smothered my waffle in the butter and syrup and need I say more...this was paradise!  I complimented my meal with a super sized mason jar of red koolaid and it was the perfect thing to wash this meal down with!  You have to get the Red Velvet cake it's a must have!!! This is a super fun place to go!
I am just looking to my right... as I write and I just saw "better that Roscoes"... Not a chance...  But is good no doubt.  The problem is the chicken.  The chicken at Roscoe's is what one would describe as an addictive experience.  It's Crack... Once you have it you can quit.

Back to Lolo's.  Nice place.  An improvement over Roscoe's in terms of the place.  Very colorful and big jars of Kool-Aid.  The chicken and the waffles are good... That is if You have never been in LA and had roscoes.

The breading of the chicken is dry and different.  The waffles and the syrup are great.  Need to improve the chicken thing.  I sure will be back as is definitely better than some fast food chicken but it ain't no roscoe's.

Ok in case you are wondering about Roscoe's.

http://www.mixiaosblock.com/twin_cities_lunch/thats_some_darn_good_chicke.html
Unique dining for sure. NOT a fancy place, not a date place. But awesome options.... First of all, where else can you order kool-aid????

Also, The mac and cheese side is amazing. I ordered the Betty Boop- a chicken breast and waffle, and added to it a side of the mac and cheese. Everything tastes exactly how i dreamnt it would. Fattening and hearty!

Take home a slice of the red velvet cake.... the best I have ever had anywhere hands down.
Oh Hell yes, this place is delicious!

The hubs and I went while we were running errands. He had the platter, with fried chicken, cheesy grits, fried okra and corn bread. I had the Betty Boop (#8) which consists of a piece of fried chicken and a waffle.

It was so freaking delicious. Not healthy in any shape or form, but it was delicious. The fried chicken is salty, and juicy and very well cooked, and the waffle (with real butter & syrup on top) was just sweet enough to make you go back for more.

The joint was clean, staff was incredibly nice, food came out fast, and it was very reasonably priced. If I didn't care about fitting into my clothes, I'd be back more often.
We LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! If it were closer to our house we would eat here weekly instead of once a month. Love the chicken, waffles, cornbread, mac and cheese, grits and the ambiance.
I do not see what all the hype is about...2 times and still not impressed, or satisfied.  I am all about these types of foods on occasion but the waffle was horrible and cheap, the chicken was dry and tasteless and my lunch was $14...I have tried multiple menu items and have found all of them to be sub par products and over priced.  Staff is friendly and the location is good but....
I am a fan of Lolos. You can't mess up chicken and waffles but Lolos didnt disappoint.
The only place to go for soul food in Scottsdale.  Chicken and waffles of course, but lots of other stuff too.  I like the "Backwoods," livers and gizzards in a pan gravy over rice.  When you're in the mood for this sort of thing, this is the only place to go.
Lolo's was a place I had heard lots of good things about so I was eager to give it a try myself. The menu is simple, different combos of breakfast favorites and fried chicken. I opted for the #8 Betty Boop (fried chicken breast and waffle) with a side order of bacon and a cup of coffee. 

The food came out pretty quickly, and was a nice sized portion. I don't have fried chicken often, but Lolo's chicken was cooked well (crispy on the outside) with a lot of flavor. It offset my nice, light waffle perfectly and my bacon was cooked more on the well done side of things (my fav). It filled me up pretty quick, so I took home leftovers. Next time I want to try their grits, but I can't imagine ordering more chicken or waffles then what the #8 offers. I was full all day!

We were there on a Monday morning, and while the restaurant was never packed to capacity it was steady. We received good service and my coffee was always full. We were greeted by a smiling server when we arrived, and wished a good day by a server who was not even on duty yet. I'm a sucker for little things like that, I will definitely be back and recommending Lolo's.
This wasn't a word-of-mouth situation, I was simply surfing the net to find something similar to LA's Roscoe's chicken and waffles and found this tiny spot squeezed in downtown Phoenix. I wasn't expecting anything impressive, but Lolo's took me by surprise. I didn't care much about the presentation on the plates but the food was tasty, well-seasoned especially what I ordered the fried catfish with scrambled eggs/cheese, i'm not a cornbread person but it was offered on the plate and it was good. The atmosphere was great and the service there is on point, they were coming by the table making sure everything was ok. I went on Sunday early afternoon, so i'm not sure how it is on a Saturday. One thing for sure, you won't be disappointed. The price is also very reasonable.
Sad to say, this rating is barely three stars....... 

The name itself sounds so good (and decadent); chicken and waffles, what a delicious combination of tastes and textures. 

Maybe it's because we live in Savannah, but Lolo's was kind of a big disappointment to me. I've had far better fried chicken at Mrs. Wilkes, Sweet Potatoes Kitchen and even Barnes. And sadly, the waffles offered in the complimentary breakfast offered at the Hampton Inn where we stayed were better then Lolo's. Collard greens were overly salted, macaroni and cheese bland, and the french fries so heavily seasoned that it was impossible to taste potato. The high point of the meal was the sweet tea. 

Service was pleasant, but brisk. Surroundings clean but diner-like. All in all, nothing special.

Four adults and a two-year-old dined on varying combinations of the aforementioned foods, there's not a lot of other menu choices, and spent a startling $63.19 before the tip, not inexpensive! 

To sum it up, when you're longing for fried chicken, forget Lolo's and come to Savannah, y'all.
YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS FOOD. it's not as strange as you may think.  Ever have pancakes and sausage, french toast and bacon, why not chicken and waffles??  The sweetness of the waffles compliments the salty fried chicken so well, you'll wonder how you ever lived without this combination. It's  like dunking sausage in syrup...it'll seem strangely familiar and natural the first time.

As far as the food goes, this is the BEST SOUTHERN FRIED CHICKEN you can get in phoenix.  Even if you don't want or can't have (e.g. diabetes) the waffle, try this chicken.  It's real crispy on the outside with tons of moisture inside.  It is as good as it gets!

For all you cardio workout junkies, i am an avid bike racer and half marathon runner.  This place is the perfect spot for a recovery meal after a long workout. Plenty of carbs and lot's of protein (some fat blah blah blah) but after a long run...this is IT.  It's just fun to workout for a few hours with the thought of lolo's when it's all done.
I'll see you all there after the PF changs half marathon on Jan 16th! :)
I totally love this place. First time we went, awesome service, great food! Second time we went, TERRIBLE service. It was horrible. Waitress asked us if we wanted tarter sauce for our fish, we said yes, and she never brought it and when my husband had to walk to the back counter, we FINALLY received it. She then came to us and asked us if "another girl" apologized for not bringing it. I hate when people place blame on others. I'll go back but I hope we don't get the same waitress!
I was craving macaroni and cheese one day and a friend recommended this place. I wasn't impressed on my first visit, but decided to give it another try. The macaroni and cheese was creamy, but very bland. I think the noodles were a bit over cooked as well. Since the mac & cheese is only a side dish, I ordered a waffle with it. The waffle was thin (not Belgian), dry, and bland. The syrup made it edible, but I still wouldn't recommend it. I ordered some of the blue kool-aide & they must have added a lot of extra sugar to their mix. It was the sweetest kool-aide I've ever tasted before! This could be a good or bad thing depending on how you like your kool-aide. The service was a little better this visit, but I have had my fill of Lolo's and will not be back!
This place is awesome!!! They were playing Jodeci when I walked in... About  to grub on some chicken & waffles...
If you are in search of good ole down home soul food Lolo's will be a disappointment to you.  I ordered the gizzard, rice, & gravy. The brown gravy had absolutely NO flavor to it. I never salt my food but I had to add salt & pepper to the brown gravy. Still, it was no help. The bland coating to the gizzards was not crispy. My boyfriend ordered the Baby Ray. He, too, said his brown gravy had no taste. His waffles had an unexpected cinnamon spice to them (which was not described on the menu). Coming from Georgia, my palate was very spoiled by all the southern cook'n restaurants I had to choose from. To me I cannot classify Lolo's as a soul food restaurant. It is a poor imitation. It is quite pricey as well. Lunch for two (2 entrees & 2 teas) was 32.00 (tip not included).
Had an amazing brunch this morning! The chicken was perfect (especially dipped in hot sauce and honey!), the home style potatos were great, and the cheesy grits would have made my grandmama smile! I highly recommend LoLo's, the staff was great & fun to be around, but be prepared for the carb coma that will soon follow after your last bite!
By far the best service I have ever received in Phoenix - and I am a frequent high end diner. It was like being in the South where hospitality and a smiling face is like a law. And the food: fattening wonderfulness that truly delivers exactly what they promise. If you're looking to indulge (or find some authentic grits) I highly recommend this place.
Now th his is a place that you can go if u want a southern homestyle meal...you wont want to eat for the redt of the day but its worth it...their waffles r to die for I dont know wut they put in the batter but its like no other waffle besides roscoes In la...then you have to have chicken...either the chicken smothered in gravy and onions or the honey hot wings with their fresh fries...dont forget the red koolaid...then you have to have big slice of red velvet cake or if they have lemon thats delicious too...this place is not a place to go if ur watching ur weight but its delicious and very much comfort food I only go to places I love or that have been recommended to me I dont play around
No, no on LoLo's!  

Yowsa, after wanting to try chicken and waffles for a long time, Lolo's was an incredibly bad experience.  Food, service and business practices all need SERIOUS help.

We arrived to a 1/4 full (at best) restaurant.   Staff seemed friendly enough but once our order was taken the whole experience went down hill fast.  One of our four entrees was not delivered with the rest (by a server other that the one who took our order).  It was several minutes until we could get the attention of our waitress.  She said she would look into it.  A few minutes later she returned to inform us that the kitchen said our food had all been delivered.  Cleary that was not the case we explained since one of us was sitting there with no food.  Off she went to the kitchen again.  She returned to inform us that since it was closing time (4 PM) they were now out of white meat chicken, and corn, but that she could bring us some left over chicken legs to make up for it.  How a chicken and waffles restaurant runs out of chicken and corn is beyond me....likely they simply didn't want to make any more to correct their error.  Since 3 of our party were now 1/2 way through our entrees, we said fine bring out what you can.  She delivered 3 cold legs and told us that the missing entree would be removed from the bill, along with 2 of our drinks.

The food was a total flop.  Waffles were on the cold side and not terribly good.  The chicken had obviously been sitting in a warming tray for at least a few hours...maybe longer.  Not a good thing with fried chicken.  The mac and cheese was decent enough and the syrup was good.  Small victories come hard at Lolo's.

When we were presented with the bill, we were surprised to find that nothing had been deducted.  After struggling again to find our waitress, she assured us that one entree had been deducted along with the drinks.  Frankly were we in a hurry for a family engagement and should have pressed the issue.  Instead we paid the bill and left.  Hours later, in examining the receipt, we added up the bill manually only to find that NOTHING had been deducted.  NOTHING!  In addition, an automatic gratuity of nearly 20% had been added....for 4 adults and two toddlers (who ate off of our adult entrees).

To summarize:  Avoid, avoid, avoid Lolo's!  Frankly even Waffle House puts this place to shame, and trust me, I'm no fan of Waffle House.  Unless you relish spending your money on lousy food, lousy service, and highly questionable business practices there are TONS of other great places to eat in Scottsdale.
Went here for the first time last week and had a great experience. The restaurant was very clean, the service was great. The best part? The food. I've been in AZ for 10 years now and I can say without a doubt that its some of the best food I've had in a restaurant (and this from a pregnant woman no less ;)

I had the fried chicken tenders, cheesy grits and fried okra. First, the food came out piping hot, I mean steaming and hot to the touch. The batter on the chicken was thick and crispy. The grits were cooked to perfection- dry enough to hold together a bit but still moist. And the okra was fantastic, too. It didn't hurt that my fresh lemonade came in a mason jar, either. 

I will be back. a lot :)
It's crazy, but every single review that I've read on here (both good and bad) are right on the money.  How can that be?  Here's the breakdown...

1) Lolo's is slow slow.  With a half full restaurant and a hefty number of servers (we had no less than three waiters working our table) our food took exactly an hour to come out of the kitchen.  Granted, the food came out of the kitchen hot and a manager apologized for another table that came in after us for being served first (apparently our order took an extra 15 minutes because of the fish, which takes longer).  Still, there was nothing that I ate there that was worth waiting an hour.  Astoundingly, when we walked out, the restaurant filled and people were waiting for tables, leading me to believe that they'd have to wait no less than two hours for their food.  Not worth it - I could fry my own chicken (and it'd be damn good) in less time.

2) Speaking of the chicken, it's solid.  Don't be fooled - it's superior to KFC, especially with a smattering of extra salt and hot sauce (it's a little underseasoned for my liking, but I err on the side of salt - plus, there's salt on the table, so I can't dock stars for it).  That all being said, if you've been waiting for over an hour to eat, it's hard to be wowed.  Maybe they were understaffed on the fryers or something?  Fish on the other hand, both the redfish (cod) and catfish were so friggin' good.  Perfect cornmeal batter and delectable tartar sauce on the side, they made the wait almost bearable.

3) Servers are extremely laid back, though most are exceptionally cool.  There was one waitress who, when you said please and thank you, said absolutely nothing.  Inexcusably rude, whether you are in a restaurant or not.  It's just basic manners.  Still, just about everyone else working there that we interacted with was very friendly and we even managed a few laughs.

4) Sides are mixed - mac and cheese was mediocre and a little bland, greens were zippy with pepper and vinegar, cheesy grits were creamy and light, red beans and rice had excellent flavor but needed salt, cornbread was moist and buttery and fried okra was crisp and not a bit slimy.  Try the Stupid Fries - an addictive mix of bell peppers, onions, cheese, shredded chicken and gravy, all atop a mess of crisp fries.  The gravy makes the whole dish, perfectly seasoned and addictive in flavor.

All in all, Lolo's is neither a hit or a miss.  In a city that is pretty sparse on soul food, this place stands out due to the lack of competition.  But there are some glaring points that should still be addressed before I could even fathom giving out 5 stars for this place.  And all this coming from a southern-fried girl who is ready (and I mean ready) to tuck into a real plate of soul food the way it's supposed to be.  Solid 3 stars.
Pros:
   Really good waffles
   Chickens was alright
   Awesome Lemonade
   Good Service
Cons:
   Could get packed might be a wait
OOOOHH Yeah dig it. The waffle hunt continues. KFC my A$$$$. I have been here twice and the service has been great and the staff very friendly. When I was here tonight a lady came in with about 8 kids she had as guests from Korea. She said something strange, She said the kids "Think they want chicken and waffles". WTF? She then went on to say the Korean kids eat all kind of waffles in Korea(?) and she was skeptical about the Chicken and waffle thing. (Dummy) So the lady behind the counter insisted on giving them a waffle to try and the Yelp 5 stars were unanimous with the kids so she was ok with the next dinner out would be Lo Lo's. 
Anyway that was a departure from the usual review. I got the 2 thighs and waffle for $7. The Fried chicken is about about the best basic fried chicken I know of. Yes places like KFC have spices, etc, but this is straight forward plain, fried chicken and it doesn't need any thing else to make it top of the line. Krispy fried skin, moist flavorful meat. I can do with out the herbs and spices+the greasiness of some places. 
The waffle, again about the best basic non-Belgin waffle. 
The natural comparison is going to come up with Roscoe's in LA. Well if you remove any stigma/aura around the food, it would be hard to say one is better. The only difference I can tell you is that Roscoe's waffles have a slight malt flavor that Lolo's doesn't. That doesn't count for against either it is just a small difference. And Roscoe's is in LA not PHX.
food is very good here along with a very friendly staff and clean environment. chicken is good and the waffles are awesome and dont even get me started about how delicious the mac and cheese is.. you have to try it when you go. You get koolaid in a mason jar and the food is a really good portion as well. we tired the banana pudding which is also very good, they had other homemade desserts like velvet cake. I def recommend trying this place, the menu is put together well and is very clever. Cool names for all the entrees, you wont regret giving lolos a try...and good thing about food like this its good for breakfast, lunch or dinner!
I've had Roscoe's in LA, so I was a bit skeptical of a chicken and waffle house in Scottsdale of all places - however, they do a great job!  

I always get the Betty Boop, chicken breast and waffle, and I'm never disappointed.  The flavor of the waffle is so delicious you don't even need syrup.  I've also figured out that the best bite includes a piece of chix, waffle and hot sauce - yummy!  

Just be sure you get there early - it fills up fast.

Forgot to mention that this may be the least expensive breakfast in Scottsdale.
Whenever I want to throw all of the healthy eating out the window for the day and succumb to the deliciousness that is soul food I make a visit to Lolo's. I have visited this location and the original location several times since moving to AZ and the food has been pretty awesome at both places. I usually get the "toy toy" 2 wings and a waffle..if you're lucky they sometimes throw in an extra wing at no charge! I'm a sucker for anything sweet and salty so the crunch and saltiness from the chicken mixed with the buttery sweetness of the waffle and syrup is heavenly. Yes I will admit the service is slow but if you go with a group of people you will hardly notice :-) 

Being that I'm a SoCal girl I naturally have to compare Lolo's to Roscoe's and might I dare say that they are almost equal in my book.
Why not?  Chicken Waffles and Honey on top...  What a place to step out of the normal eating patterns and try this Lolo's Chicken & Waffles if you have never had it.  I consider this a breakfast spot. But when I drive by it at night it does make me hungry.  Whats up with the hundreds of reviews I don't know but a lot people have something to say and I think that's attractive.

I can't say I'm not a fan i have brought people here some like it some don't the price is a little high priced but expected, someone has to pay for their new high end location.  

Don't forget to take a trip to the South Side of Phoenix to the original lolo's.
Who woulda thunkkkk Scottsdale, AZ would have such amazing soul food??! They surprised the hell outta me!

Coming from someone who regulars Roscoes chicken &waffles... believe me when I say LOLO's is BOMB!!! 

I got the 3chicken combo... w greens, mac&cheese &cornbread.
 
Cornbread.. hands down Roscoes!
Greens... Roscoes
Mac&cheese... LOLOs for suuuree!
Chicken... tied.. they're both really good!

the staff is super friendly!! can't wait to go back when i visit AZ. (=
Who would have ever thought, chicken and waffles combination?  It is crazy, but it sure does.  The location of hidden inside a big plaza of Albertsons, Aces Hardware, Gas Station, and much more.  It is really hard to find unless you have been inside the shopping center.  People here in AZ like to say something is located on the northwest corner of the street.  This would make it impossible to describe.

Once you get there, the restaurant is pretty small.  Typically there is a pretty long wait, but I was lucky the day I went. One good thing is they offer white breast chicken meat, which is always a bonus.  The chicken was tasty, even though I am normally not a fan of fried chicken.   I love waffles, but it seemed like the waffles came out cold, as though they were reheated or Eggo Waffles.  I loved Eggo Waffles growing up, but I don't expect frozen waffles at an establishment.  I would stick to the chicken and call this place Lo Lo Chicken House.
This place served its purpose and got rid of my growling stomach. I was kind of disappointed actually. I keep hearing rave reviews about how great of a combination chicken and waffles are. It's not that great. The food wasn't bad, but it is not overwhelmingly good either. The waffle is a waffle. The crust on the fried chicken was really good though. I'm glad I tried the combination, but this is not a place I will go out of my way for. If I never went back I'm fine with that.
This place was amazing from beginning to end. Loved the name and thought we would check it out, Had no idea it was a get seated and sit down restaurant. Waiter was completely fabulous and very attentive. 
The food was SOOO delicious!!!
The drinks come in a large quart jar with many to choose from. 
Husband had catfish (said it came with 2 pieces but it actually was 4), smothered potatoes, cornbread and mac n cheese.'
I had smothered chicken breast with waffle and cheesy grits on the side, 
The smothered part (gravy and grilled onions) was amazing. The chicken was huge, the grits were mouth watering and the waffle was perfect. 
We left with a HUGE box of leftovers after stuffing ourselves and couldn't even order their famous red velvet cake. We'll have to leave room for it next time.
Other than highlighting some of the excellent side dishes, I'm not sure what I can add to the other excellent reviews. The collard greens are frackin' fantastic, and I order them every time. My Baby Mama likes to order the fried okra, which she raves about at the most random times (playing disc golf, watching Dr. Who, playing euchre). I also tend to order the home fries, though I've had to deal with an underdone potato or two.

My father-in-law was in town last weekend and wanted to treat us to fried chicken. We suggested Lolo's. WARNING -- read on only if you feel very little empathy for others. Otherwise, the next sentence might break your heart...OK, ready? He showed up with a bucket of KFC. Sadness.

Last word? Lolo's has the best chicken and most complimentary side dishes in Phoenix, hands down.
Absolutely loved it. Heard about lo-lo's from friends and decided to try it with my family. Had to wait an hour for a table for 7 on a sunday afternoon. I never wait that long for seating, but their reputation meant I was willing to wait it out. I am glad we did! Kool-aid was sugary and delicious. The "Stupid fries" were stupid good. Fried chicken was some of the best I had ever had. Combined with the great mac and cheese, and waffles it was a great meal. The waffles alone weren't amazing, but they were good, and the meal as a whole was very good. I would recommend avoiding large groups during peak rushes, due to limited space, there aren't many seating options for groups. Groups of 4 or less were able to be seated much faster. I will be going back again soon.
Went for the first time on a Saturday evening and I don't think I've ever had as much fun at dinner before.  I had never heard of the restaurant before and have to admit I was leery about combining chicken and waffles for dinner.  Just reading the menu had me laughing so hard I was nearly in tears.  I ordered the Betty Boop which is a breast & a waffle.  The breading was tasty and the chicken was fall of the bone tender.  Pricing was reasonable and the experience was overall good.
Who doesn't love themselves some good ole' fried chicken and waffles?

I got the Betty Boop which is a  fried chicken breast with a yummy waffle...the chicken was well flavored, hot, juicy, and fried to perfection!  Then pile on the maple syrup and hot sauce.  Hot sauce and maple syrup doesn't seems to go together, but it's delish.  Whoever thought to mix chicken, waffles, hot sauce and maple syrup all together is a genius.
I should put a disclaimer from the start that this was my first chicken and waffle experience, but that aside, this was the best fried chicken I have ever had regardless of delicious waffle and syrup additions!  I am in love, I don't know why I ever ate waffles without chicken!  Seriously, if you doubt at all, go try them!  We also ordered the wings, the hot sauce here is amazing with a strong vinegar flavor. The red beans and rice side is also fab. The service was incredibly nice, my iced tea and water mason jars were constantly refilled.
Love me some LoLo's and even more with their new Scottsdale store More seating is a definite plus. Of course it's nothing like the mom n pop feel of the downtown location but I still love em!

The wait is typical on Saturday morning but that just meant that I was starved enough to finish my entire meal this time. The chicken did taste a bit healthier... meaning there was less oil on my plate. Should I really be complaining about this? Haha.

I got my grape Kool-aid, my fried chicken and waffle on... life is good.
This past weekend a couple of my buddies and I from San Diego decided to take a trip to Phoenix to visit some friends.  

Before we left to head home we decided to check out this place because I'm a big fan of Fried Chicken.  

Let me just say that I've been to a few joints from Rosco's in Cali to Amy Ruths in NY....now I can say i've been to Lo-Lo's.  This place was great!  You can always tell how good an establishment is when you see a line.  We went on a Sunday afternoon and just barely made the rush.  As we sat by the bar we were greeted with one of their staff.  He was quite accommodating and friendly!  The decor was on point and it just felt like a "warm" place.  

But I didn't come there for the ambience, I came for the food.  

1. Fried Chicken- OMG this chicken was juicy and flavorful.  The skin was crispy but now too crispy.  It was just a very tastety fried chicken.  One of the best I've had in my life.

2. Grape Flavor Kool-Aid- This reminded me of my childhood.  I haven't had Kool-Aid since 5th grade.  The neat thing about it was it was served Ice Cold in a Jar!!! I thought that was pretty interesting and original.

3. Waffles-The waffles they served here are so much tastier than Roscoe's.  The batter was light but it had a good crunch on the outside.  

The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is the Mac & Cheese I ordered.  It wasn't as good as the other places I've eaten before.   There was nothing spectacular about it.  A little disappointing but the chicken made up for it.  

People from Scottsdale are very fortunate to have a place like Lo-Lo's.  I wish we had one here in SD.
I have to admit, I was quite skeptical of the combination of fried chicken and waffles.  Believe it or not, this combo works!  Yes, it may not be the healthiest thing, but it is quite tasty as a once in a while meal.  This is a great southern restaurant, and the drinks are served in mason jars.  You can even get Kool-Aid (red or blue).  I am a fan.
I love this place! The koolaid is wonderful and the catfish is to die for! However, it does take a long time to get your good!
My friends and I were in Scottsdale for spring training and stopped here for our last meal before we headed back to the Bay. OMG! We LOVED this place! From the moment we walked in, we couldn't get over how awesome this place was. The menu is freakin hilarious! Where else can you find a "Phat Azz Chicken Samich", "Stupid Fries", and a "DVZ's Hot Ghetto Mess"?! We spent a good amount of time just going over the menu, telling each other what we think they should get, just because it sounded so funny.  The SUPER nice servers could tell how much we loved the menu and let us take one home as a souvenir. 

I ended up getting the Baby Ray and 2 of my friends got the Lo-Lo's.  I can honestly say this is the best fried chicken I've ever had. Better than Roscoe's in LA and better than Front Porch in SF. It was juicy and full of flavor. Unlike Roscoe's which I found to be a little on the dry side.  My friend also got a cornbread which was really good too. The portions were HUGE. I think between us 3 girls, we could have just shared two dishes and would still have some left over. 

If you are in the area, you should totally check this place out. My friends and I are already talking about going back to AZ for spring training next year, and this is definitely one of the spots we are coming back to!
We were driving by Lo Lo's the other day and decided to give it a try for lunch, I'm so glad we did! The food was really good, and even though the waiter messed up my food a bit, I really enjoyed the mix of waffles and chicken! It was so good, we will definitely be coming back.
I love LoLo's.

We've been a number of times, both to the downtown Phoenix location and the Scottsdale Road location.  There's so many reviews here, that cover the basics well.  Here's my 2 cents worth:

On a weekend night or a Sunday afternoon, You may wait.  A long time.  So don't plan a movie or anything too close to the meal.

I enjoy the cross-section of customers, and the place has such a positive energy.  It just feels happy!

Our party of 12 had the MOST AWESOME server on my last visit, but every time I visit, I LOVE the service.  Friendly, accurate, and genuinely happy to be helping you.  

The salmon croquettes are very tasty.  I sampled one of my dining companion's and actually would consider ordering them on a future visit.  

I always get my waffles with pecans added, and they are so good it'll bring a tear to your eye.

The chicken is divine.  Their biscuits and gravy (Sunday special) is excellent.  Their chili is good.  You can't go wrong here, not matter what you order.

Take a slice of red velvet cake to go, because you likely will not be able to squeeze another mouthful in once you're done with your meal.

I'll be back!
Best post-marathon meal ever!
Exceptional service! Let me start with the waffles...they very light & fluffy. Flavorful & melted in my mouth. I paired them with 2 thighs (the #9 on the menu to be exact) & a JAR of grape Kool-aid. I was in heaven. I've been to a number of "waffle houses" this by far is THE BEST one yet.
Im Baaack ! I did go back to Lo-Lo's and this time brought my wife along. So here is the new update.:

The Sweet Tea is TAYS-TEE. The oil was clean tasting but I am still just not loving it. I want too. The Grits hit, still wish they had cream of wheat and the cheesy onion eggs are sooo damn good. I am not a fan of the fried chicken though and still prefer Krusteez waffles. It looks like they now have Grape Kool-Aid so if they could get this chicken right we might have winner, winner chicken.......well you know. Please Mr. Lo, I need crispier chicken and a waffle that is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Without that good crust on my Ghetto taco it becomes to mushy once I add my syrup and louisiana hot sauce. I will try again but since I don't consume food like this on a rgular basis it will be awhile. Look, I returned a few months ago from New Orleans and had some of the best fried chicken I have ever had. I want that here because I am in NO HURRY at all to go back to New Orleans...that city is a DUMP. Great, Great Food though.
I've been to Lolo's numerous times. I prefer the south side location as it feels more authentic but don't me wrong... this location is much appreciated, as well. It's more convenient for me since it's closer to home, very close to my work and they stay open later, especially on Fridays when they stay open until midnight.

You can't really go wrong with anything here. I usually stick to the chicken and waffles. Get some gravy on the side for smothering your chicken, yummy. Their catfish is good, too. It has a cornmeal batter. For sides, their mac and cheese, greens and home fries are my favorites.  For drinks, I love their sweet tea. They also have a lot of variety of Kool Aids for those of you who like that. 

This location is larger and nicer given that it's a newer location. Service is always friendly. Prices are on par for what you get. 

I'm originally from LA and I'll admit, It's better than Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles!
Ok this place was good. I got brunch (?) with the BF after visiting a coffee shop. There was a wait when we got there, the lady told us there was a fifteen minute wait, but it was really like a 40 minute wait. It was nice out though, so that's ok. We got sat and both ordered the betty boop and the BF ordered some grits too. The betty boop is a fried chicken breast and a waffle. The food came out quickly and was good. The waffle was sweet and substantial and the chicken was relatively tasty (could have been spicier) and the breading was good. Overall the food was good. So why only 3 stars? I thought it was really overpriced for what we got. Our bill came out to be a little over 20 dollars. I just feel like for the product used, it should not cost as much as it does. Also, I don't think they were properly staffed for a sunday morning. They had lots of open tables when we got there, yet we waited for 40 minutes. Also, the food was so heavy and I felt a little sick after eating it all (and I did eat it all....) Anyway, I think this place is good, but I'm not sure I would come back.
Great place for lunch!  They keep the menu simple, and the items they make are each the best of their kind.  Get their staples - Chicken and Waffles, and make sure to wash it down with a glass of their sweet tea.

Also, plan on an afternoon nap if you can...
We didn't eat lunch on the day we went to Lo-lo's for dinner so we were ravenous. The waffles were SO good. What do they put in those waffles!? The fried okra and collards were really tasty. We also had grits and chicken legs and chicken strips, fries and corn. Oh, and the fried catfish. And the smothered potatoes. Burp. It was really good!! The location is also convenient if you're in Scottsdale and it was big and not busy (we were there at 5:00 on a Tuesday so we were a little early).
Went for lunch and shared a Soulfood Platter - we got 3 pieces of fried chicken (a breast, leg and wing), 2 sides (a waffle and the collard greens) a cornbread muffin and we also decided to get an extra side of mac & cheese.  A perfect amount to share, a great way to get to try a variety of different things, and I didn't feel like I was going to have to roll myself out of the place.  I've never had collard greens and they were really good - a touch spicy, but in a good way.  Everything was great and was served super fast.  Would definately go back.
I had the #9 lil Ahmadi 2 pieces of dark meat and a waffle for $8 the price is alright it could be less but I was very satisfied with my food and this is the first time I have had great tasting fried chicken at a sit down restaurant. The sweet tea that I had with my meal was perfect with lemon, I will return to try something else because overall this is a great spot..
Comparable to Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles in Southern California, Lo-Lo's is pretty good!

Open late with no long waits to be seated especially with a big group, Lo-Lo's is a place to visit in Arizona for some good chicken and waffles. Portions are good, but if you have a big appetite, then order 2. I thought it was cool that they served their drinks in jars. An extra plus for me was that they served Mountain Dew Code Red, and I thought that drink didn't exist in fountain drink options, so totally loved that!
I'm sorry, but if you put "Red Drink" or "Purple Drink" as options on your menu, you pretty much can guarantee I will be a fan.  Luckily, the food didn't disappoint, or I would have been pretty sad.  

Chicken, waffles, and grits?  Yes, please.  I didn't even look up except to nod when she asked if I wanted a refill on my purple drink.  Lots of combinations on the menu to make anyone happy, good portion sizes, and fun waitstaff.  Wish I could go back tomorrow!
Damn!  Their chicken is so solid...just what Scottsdale needed was a little flavor like Lolo's.  Keep up the great work!
Very friendly, warm atmosphere.  We went for breakfast after hiking Camelback.  We figured we'd earned some fried chicken after making it to the top in 85 degree weather.  The food was really good.  Everything looked great! We got one of the breakfast specials - biscuits with gravy, 2 eggs and potatoes and I got 2 pieces of chicken with one waffle.  For once we didn't need any take home containers!  We ate every single bite which is very unusual for us.  I have to go back to get some more chicken and waffles but need to be sure I try the mac and cheese which I saw so many people enjoying and I need to try an order of their grits.
I keep telling my friends about this joint. I have been there twice once on a Sunday and they're pretty busy. I def recommend trying them out during the week when its a little slower. Anyways, this is THE soul food spot in Phoenix. I had the chicken and waffles and my wife had the soul food platter with cod and collard greens and rice and beans.  I haven't tried their new spot in So. Scottsdale yet.

The kids had chicken tenders and grits and waffles. I had a arnold palmer as the tea was a little on the sweet side. The kids had jar-o-drank which translates to sweet red kool aid. 

I was in a food coma all day, but couldnt leave  without the red velvet cake to go.
I really like the Chicken and the Waffles here.  Both are tasty  Good stuff.    I'm not big on the big glass of colored super-sugar water they call Koolaid.  Yikes that's a lot of sugar!

These guys would get 5 stars from me except the wait on the weekend afternoons is stupid!  We tried on Saturday but didn't want to wait 1/2hr, came back Sunday with a couple more people and were told 45 minutes.  Over an hour later we harassed them into putting together some patio tables so we could EAT.  It was cold and windy and kinda sucked, but the food is yummy so we were mostly pacified.

I recommend going here, just pick a quiet time if there is one.
Love it!!! Way better than Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles in Cali.. I crave chicken now. I recomend that you dont eat all day before you come becuase the portions are large. Yum
I could never imagine myself eating fried chicken and waffles -- not for breakfast, not for lunch, not for dinner . . . but hubby and I were looking for a quick bite (not drive-thru or fast food) on our way back from south Scottsdale.  As I tend to do often these days, I picked up my cell phone, clicked on Yelp and looked for something with great ratings nearby.  Up popped Lolo's.  This worked as hubby wanted something breakfasty and I wanted something more lunchable.

When I think of fried chicken, all I would think of is KFC -- greasy, ordinary batter, yuck!  I was thinking, I better get a waffle and some eggs, or the macaroni, but then our darling waitress (who by the way told me I have beautiful eyes) said, "I promise you, you'll love the chicken, which would you like, white or dark meat?"  I picked the drumsticks . . . oooh, and I am a convert!  Absolutely delicious steaming hot drumsticks with a perfect coating of perfectly seasoned batter.  My husband loved his breast and wings equally. 

There are so many choices on the menu, and not just chicken, so even if you are a vegetarian, you can still find something like beans and rice on the menu, or on their list of sides which is enormous. 

The atmosphere is very casual and open . . . and the people are very friendly, which makes it even better. Gotta go back and get some mac 'n cheese since it looked like everyone except us was ordering it!
CHICKEN AND WAFFLES!!!!! I love it.
Been here a couple of times and thought it was finally time to write a well deserved review. It can get crowded on weekend (especially Sunday after the church crowd), but it's good on weekdays. The staff is very friendly and cool. If it's your first time here, they will help you out. 

On to the food, fried chicken is fried to crispy goodness, but the meat is on the drier side. But hey I'm okay with that cuz I got hot sauce and ketchup to smother it in. Plus their side dishes (mac and cheese, beans) make it better. Now the waffles are the bomb. They are crispy, chewy, and with the syrup to die for. My friend ordered the chicken with gravy and onions and it just looked way too messy. (that might be your thang though) Overall, good food, good people, and some sweeeeeet tea!

B
After a second visit, the chicken was a little dry and lacked flavor. Quite a contrast to my first visit. Still enjoyed the meal, but wasn't as impressed with the chicken. I'll have to go back to see if it was a fluke.
Okay, had a craving for good fried chicken; and was in Scottsdale.  Went to Lo-Lo's; I'm sure glad I remembered where it was.  Red Velvet Cake is awesome!!!  But, the chicken, the chicken - ah that is a great memory...I never downed the chicken so fast...See that they have fish; so, will have to be back; my roommate loves catfish & I love cod...but, I don't know if I will have fish; when I can have that yummy fried chicken!!!
Prettyyyyyy prettyyyyyy prettyyyyyy good! Everything that's been said about the chicken and waffles is pretty much on point.  Went here for breakfast and in addition to the chicken and waffles, I had the breakfast fries (chili cheese fries topped with an egg and green onions) which were fraggin' awesome.  Opted for the sweet tea this time, and wasn't as sweet as I had expected but still good.
Well where do I start.....I didn't know what to really expect when I came to this establishment....but it compared very favorable to the world famous Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles in Los Angeles. We waited about 15 minutes to be seated because this locale is always crowded and there is always a wait. When we got seated we were immediately approached by a server to take our drink orders. I had the homemade lemonade which they call "Dranks" at this location....LOL....I loved that. The jars are huge that the drinks come in and while the refills are free....I didn't even need one.

I ordered a dish called the "Betty Boop" which is a juicy all white meat chicken breast....and perhaps the BEST WAFFLE I HAVE EVER HAD. Now there are a lot of great "Soul Food" items on the menu but the Fried Chicken and Waffles you must try without question. If it is not the BEST WAFFLE you have EVER put in your mouth please write me and let me know because I guarantee you will LOVE the waffles. 

The service was second to none....I mean every few minutes someone was checking on us....it was like having a maid....butler....and housekeeper while you just sat back and enjoyed your meal and the experience. One of the nice ladies there even lowered the blinds for us sitting in booths with our backs to the sunlight so we could cool off.....I mean wow....that was so nice of her. Now I don't about the location in Phoenix....but this one in Scottsdale is fantastic. The parking is a bear because it is located in a strip mall.....but all-in-all it is not to terrible. 

Like I said I am always skeptical about "Southern Food" that is not served in the south per say....but again this is MUST DO chicken....WAFFLES....and soul food dining at it's best. So if your ever near Old Town Scottsdale.....take a short drive over to N Scottsdale Rd and Thomas and pay a visit to LO-LO's. Remember while your there to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
Still good eats to be had here!!!!
I finally went to Lo-Lo's yesterday for a late lunch or early dinner. After dreaming and hearing about it for years we visited the new Scottsdale location and were not disappointed. There was no wait. We did go off hours though. My guy tells me the place is always packed, so be forewarned.  We both got the Betty Boop and it was yummers. They have fantastic waffles here. Moist, with a hint of cinnamon! AWESOME! The chicken was delish. I loved the golden batter outside more than the chicken inside-teehee! The thing that really rocked it for me was the service! Outstanding! I love Carl. Carl rocks. His twin brother Micheal works there too.  In fact everyone treated us very welcoming, as house guests. Which kind of fits the down home, southern feel of the place.  I like it here very much and can't wait to go back, My diet can, but I can't- lol. Yes the food is not that good for you so it will have to be a once in a while splurge. Enjoy!
Food is good, but enjoy the cooking at the original spot better.
The service at this location was great, until one of the servers managed to incorporate throwing up in into a conversation while I was nursing a hangover. Never a good idea to talk throwing up to a customer that is eating.duh!! This conversation led to more inappropriate words from the employee until he finally left....grrrrr!!!

Had the biscuits& gravy special ( $10.95 ), no bueno. I like my gravy simple...just some gravy with a little sausage running through,thats it. Can't stand it when there is onions, peppers, celery, carrot...yuck!! And they served those generic potatoes that are big flavorless cubes that they put in the deep fryer. Should have just had the chicken and waffle, lesson learned.
Ever go to a movie that everyone has been talking about because it is suppose to be the best ever.  I came here yesterday with really high expectations but to tell you the truth I don't have a place that serves my favorite fried chicken....or waffles for that matter.  The food was good, but I just couldn't get out of my head that it wasn't all that.  The chicken was very crispy but I wish it had more seasoning on it or something.  The waffles were pretty good but I really wasn't in the mood for that at lunch anyway.  The atmosphere was really cool, very casual and very clean, the pictures on the wall were neat and the service was great.  I don't want to downplay this place but maybe I need to come back and order something else.
You can't go wrong when you can get comfort food and Southern hospitality until midnight. Chicken, waffles, grits, greens, corn bread? Yes, please; all of the above plus some purple drink, too!

I'd avoid the early weekend mornings when the crows do their walk of shame.
Been to this location and the one in Phoenix. I'll break this down into two parts.

1. Non-food
Woah, $8 for two wings and a waffle. That's expensive! Family of 4 for lunch, $50. Really?

Service was good, but not stellar. Our waitress had a bit of an attitude, but I expected that. My wife wanted greens, but... absolutely, positively, no substitutions! Cm'on guys, would it really kill you to just let us have what ever side we want if they cost the same?

Both my kids enjoyed their drumsticks, mac-n-cheese, and red beans. But, both wanted more and left hungry.

2. Food
Pretty good, but not great. The chicken is crispy and well seasoned. Maybe a hint of buttermilk in there, not sure. The waffles are just average.

Mac-n-cheese is very good. Fried okra is excellent too. Green beans, meh.

I like sweet tea, but I was not prepared for the sugar saturated version they serve. Even 1/2 sweet - 1/2 unsweet was too much for me. Kids loved the kool-aid.

Conclusion
I would love to go here more often, but they need to lower the prices and allow you to pick your side if the meal comes with one. I think LoLo's is mostly a fad, "oh, look, Scottsdale has soul food, we are so cosmo!" I'm from Chicago and have eaten enough soul food to know good when I have it. LoLo's is just a tad above OK.
I'm a huge fan of chicken and waffles.  This location is a upgrade from the phoenix location. For the california people, this is not roscoes chicken and waffle but it it is a arizona alternative.  If you are in scottsdale and want some pretty good southern food go to Lolo's.  

P.S. Don't forget to order koolaide it come in a large mason jar.  If you are diabetic you should not order this or the sweet tea.  It might kill you.
3 stars only because of the food. Service was sloooow and deserves 1 star. It took an hour from the time we ordered to get our food. It's Chicken and waffles- I mean what can take so long?! Place seems busy but it's because it takes so long to turn over tables at this pace. Kool-Aid was good but very strong, I diluted mine with extra water. Food was great tasting except for the pale, limp waffle. I like mine brown and a little crispy. 
They don't let you sub a side even though they cost the same? What's up with that? Good food but I don't think I will go back. Bad service and premium prices for inexpensive food. Spent $60 for 3 people for drinks and entree, no dessert.
This is my wife's favorite Resturant.  I really like it, but she absolutely loves it!

There is no way that either of us could finish a meal at Lolo's, so we team up on one of these delicious meals. Chicken & Waffles with eggs and grits! What a feast!

I love the kool-aide! Go for the Grape, you will enjoy the ice cold "mason jar" ... It's huge AND you get free refills.

If the food is great (and it is) then the service is even greater... Seriously great attitudes flow is this wonderful eatery!
Hostess Great, Waitress Great, Big Black lady that slapped the food down and stated "I guess this. Is yours, Shameful"
It's located on the SE corner of Thomas and Scottsdale, over by the right-in, right-out access off of Scottsdale.  Parking can be limited directly in front and it's hard to turn around since it's right near the entrance/exit to Scottsdale Road.  

We got there at 11PM on a Friday night and the staff was very welcoming and did not rush us at all.  Other people came in at 1130 or later and the same treatment to them.  I ordered the Lil Amadi with a thigh, leg, and waffle while my friend got 2 thighs with beans and rice and a side of smothered potatoes.  The chicken was fried crisply and had great flavor.  My waffle with syrup added some nice texture and sweetness to my meal.  My friend really liked his red beans and rice.  The smothered potatoes weren't that good as the value wasn't there for just a few potatoes with some onions and peppers in the watery gravy.  Refills on our large mason jar drinks were always there.  Overall, a good place to grab a different type of late night meal.
This would be my sit-down location while the original downtown PHX location would be my pick up when I'm in the area. This joint has yet another YLU sticker & i will say is well deserved because of their great customer service. 

So 3 stars you ask? What do ya want its chicken & waffles!! I'm afraid the hype about Roscoes chicken & Waffles in LA makes chicken & waffles well...a bit overrated. Also, this review isn't a comparison to Roscoes in Cali, this is about once again-C&W. I so wanted to believe in this chicken & waffles hype-i did. The concept is interesting being chicken x waffles contrasts yet blends nicely on the carnivourous palette all the while satisfying our sweet tooth. I did not get that rush of endorphins that kick in when I'm in love with a "staple dish." I LIKE-therefore: 3 stars. It seems the main ingredient being butter & the portions being huge is definitely a recipe for success. Aside from the chicken & waffle dish I ordered "Stupid fries" which would be the soul food equivalent to carne asada fries :). All in all I walked out feeling pretty decent.

This place will be a once-in-a-while eatery for me. Definitely a breakfast eatery.  Like I said, 3 stars is A-OK with me.
Loved this place, we just ran into it while exploring Scottsdale and what a pleasant surprise. We are from the south and have pretty ridged standards when it comes to mac & cheese and collard greens. All the food we had was amazing as well as the sweet tea. The staff was friendly and very informative. I would definitely eat here again.
I Love Lolo's Chicken and Waffles and you will too! 

Recently my fianc and I went to Lolo's. I had heard about Lolo's and Mrs. White's for years, but never took the time to go to the Phoenix locations. When this south Scottsdale location opened, I made it a point to go and try the food. 

The food is excellent or in my best Brooklyn accent "Forget about it". But don't forget about it, the MAC-N-CHEESE is a most try. The chicken is FANTABULOUS, the COLLARD GREENS are on point and they serve Kool Aid. Yes I said Kool Aid. I must have had a gallon of GRAPE KOOL AID. Before this, the last time I had Kool Aid was 1968. 

This place is very popular, so you may have to wait for a table, but it is well worth it. This place is so popular that Sports, Music, Acting and Reality celebrities can be seen here regularly. When we were there we saw the rapper Biz Markie. He did the song "Just a Friend" back in 1990.  

The only down side - although the service was generally good, it gets so busy that at times the server may get distracted and may not come back to you as timely or often as you may like. 

BOTTOM LINE, I LEFT FULL, HAPPY AND WITH A KOOL AID SMILE. TRY IT YOU WILL LIKE IT
Um, I don't get what the big deal is about Lolo's? I mean the food is good... but if you like chicken and you like waffles then yeah, your meal will be decent. I just don't understand all the hype?

Anyways, I would give this place 4 stars BUT the prices were way too high. We had a pretty fat bill for only 2 people and again, all we had were chicken and waffles. Nothing extra. The staff is also very friendly, but I probably won't be back unless I'm willing to spend a lot on a simple meal.
Great soul food. Get the half breed (lemonade and Kool aid)! Chicken, waffles, and corn bread
After reading reviews here on yelp and hearing from a few friends that Lolos is awesome, I was so excited to eat there.  I think I may have had expectations that were too high..... but I really wasn't too impressed. My chicken was kind of dry, the mac and cheese was a little bland and I can't really complain about the collards, I think they just aren't my thing. The waffles were pretty good though (getting them with pecans is tasty). Overall the food was ok and I did love the cool-aid, but prices were high for just one piece of chicken and a waffle.
Love the place! Great food and atmosphere. All the employee looked like they were having a great time.
Wonderful staff! I forgot and left my wallet there and they found it and
took care of it till I could return to get it. THANKS SO MUCH!
LoLo's Chicken and Waffles
2765 N. Scottsdale Road
Scottsdale
Visa, MasterCard

While there isn't much in soul food in the Phoenix area, people have always flocked to Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe in the downtown area. Her grandson opened the original LoLo's also in the downtown area, and this summer, thankfully opened a LoLo's in Scottsdale for all the east siders to enjoy.

LoLo's menu is a bit different in that they serve waffles with their chicken as well as a number of breakfast favorites. To begin, companion pronounced the waffles light, fluffy, and with good texture. Waffles are served with a cruette of maple syrup which should be enough for the average person, but if you like, they will gladly bring you enough to drown your waffle(s) in.

Their chicken is the epitome of fried chicken. It is so different from the fried chicken chains that it is like night and day. Perfectly battered, seasoned and cooked, it can't be beat. It has just enough batter to give it a nice coating without being gobbed on like wallpaper paste. As for flavor - the only thing that comes to mind is wow! It's chicken! Not bunches of herbs and spices, but real, honest to goodness chicken flavor like it was meant to be.

I ordered the Soulfood Platter ($13.00), which came with 3 pieces of chicken and 2 sides. My sides were collard greens and red beans and rice. The collard greens had no woodiness to them, and were cooked to perfection. The addition of a little Trappey's hot pepper & vinegar sauce forced me to devour the entire bowl! The red beans and rice were nicely done, and again, the addition of a little red hot sauce really made the day. For those who don't care for hot sauces, they were fine without it also. Their portion also includes a piece of homemade cornbread smothered in butter. Speaking of smothered, I also had a small bowl of gravy on the side to smother my chicken with. It had perfect flavor and just the right amount of spice.

Companion ordered the LoLo's ($11.00) which consisted of 3 perfectly cooked pieces of fried chicken served on top of 2 perfect waffles. Companion also ordered a side of Cheese Grits ($3.50) which were just o.k., but were far from being bad.

We also ordered a plate of Backwoods ($12.00) to share, which are chicken gizzards in gravy served over rice and onions. I'm sure I died and went to heaven on this dish. Gizzards are normally small chewy morsels that you can chew for five or 10 minutes before gulping them down. I don't know how they made these, but they were magnificently tender - one or two bites and it was gone! If I came back and was only able to order one dish, this might be the one - then again, it might be the chicken - then again.....

Companion ordered sweet tea and immediately noticed that it was still a little warm. Unlike most places, they make everything, including the sweet tea, fresh on the premises.

Companion has eaten at Pity Pat Porch in Atlanta and pronounced the food to be much better at LoLo's.

This isn't the place to come for ambiance - basically, there is none. It's the place to come for really good food. The restaurant was clean, and the restrooms were clean.

If this review doesn't make you want to eat here, perhaps the line out the door will. Fortunately, the line moves fairly quickly, but more and more people are discovering this jewel. Look out Mrs. White - your grandson is coming up fast!
Music too loud and asked if they could turn it down......uncool! Glasses for water pretty cool. WAS THE 1st TO ORDER And the LAST TO GET FOod!!!!We think it was because we complained about the music????!! food super yummy!! chicken was to die for.
Loved it!

It's what you expect - friend chicken and waffles. The menu has all types of different combinations, though, and good side options. I would opt for the chicken breast instead of the thighs or drumsticks, because it's all bone-in chicken and you get the most meat off of a breast. The waffles are good too - they're not too thick, and they have a cinnamon-y flavor to them. I got sides of cornbread and gravy (each $1). And the best part? The drinks (referred to as "jar of drank" on the menu) come in big mason jars. 

The service was great, friendly and fast. Prices were good - I think my meal, which was a lot of food and included a drink, was about $15 including tip.
I've lived my life off of Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles. I knew no one who can do it better. Well now the king has just lost its crown. In fact I can't even go back to Roscoe's now that my taste buds have touched that of Lolo's.

The service - Nice and fun people
The chicken - Bigger and juicier
The waffles - Bigger and tastier
The mac & cheese - tastier and cheesier
The "stupid fries" - Stupid Good and Roscoe's doesn't have it.
The Kool Aid in a jar - Roscoe's doesn't know the meaning of DRANK!!!

Cons - Closest one is in Arizona which would mean I would have to drive 6 hours to get there... but it is worth it!!!
make sure you enjoy your waffles and chicken onsite. it doesn't taste nearly as good heated up at home.

weekends are busy so try to go during non-peak times in the evening.

tourists: servers are sassy and the waffles are one of the top ten you'll ever taste!
If you find yourself in Scottsdale and in need of some comfort food, Lo-Lo's is the place.  I went with reluctance with my college age son who guaranteed that I would love it and he was right.

I had the "Betty Boop," which consisted of a chicken breast cooked perfectly with a light breading and two waffles.  Yes, the breakfast kind.  I put syrup and butter and then ate the chicken with it.   All of these flavors melted perfectly in my mouth and my mouth said, "more please!"  We shared a side of rich and creamy macaroni and cheese and needed the mason jar of ice tea to wash it all down.   My son had the Cherry Kool-Aid and it was delicious too.

The service is impeccable and as a bonus everyone who works there is happy and beautiful too.

I live in Tucson but can't wait to go back when I need some real comfort food.
Again, the best service around! The waffles are warm and fluffy, the chicken is crispy, and the banana pudding (which I tried for the first time tonight) was hands down the best dessert I've ever had. I'm already thinking about my next visit.
Drat.
They've been quite hit or miss in the 3 times I've been.
1st time = great chicken, wimpy waffle
2nd time = ok chicken, wimpy waffle
3rd time = charm

The chicken has been either perfectly seasoned and juicy or perfectly seasoned but overcooked.  Each time, the waffle has been flavorless and...pretty sad and limp.

Now the charmer?  Gizzards and rice!  Don't knock it before you try it.  Fried chicken grizzards in gravy and onions over white rice.  Trust me, there is nothing funny tasting or fretful about these gizzards.  Perfectly fried, perfectly seasoned, and the gravy is excellent.  Huge portions, too.  By far the best thing I've had here and a dish that would make me come back even if their chicken wouldn't.

Service has varied...but is usually on the non-chat'em up side of things.  Orders are taken fine, and we're tended to just fine.  But we haven't had really engaging hosts.  No big deal.

Price...well, its just the kind of place where you're gonna spend more than $15.  The portions are worth it in my opinion.

Nice place to sit in though...I like the openness of it.  NOT a lot of room so you'll be waiting a while, especially on Sundays.
Went here for a sunday brunch and the place was packed. After we were sat I heard the host say over an hour wait as they kept coming which was promising. I ordered the KKs for $13 and my wife had the Lo-Los for $11. We upgraded to white meat on the chicken for an additional $2 each but it worth every penny. I think this is the best fried chicken I've ever eaten, with excellent flavor down to the bone. The grits were tasty and the waffles had a hint of cinnamon. Definitely a good mixture as they compliment each other. The sweet iced-t was the kind I had when I was a kid while visiting the south, so good. Will definitely be going back.
Had an excellent brunch Sunday.  Just a warning the wait is a long and I was one of the lucky ones that found a seat inside to wait. I did notice a lot of people waiting outside in the heat for well over a half an hour.   Service staff was super friendly and our server Michael had stopped in several times checking if I needed anything which was nice cause the place was packed.  Got the number 3 lo lo's combo with chicken and waffles, opted for all white meat which was a couple of dollars extra.  Chicken and waffles were perfect! Portion sizes are huge, I only got about 1/3rd down, and took the rest home for dinner.  Very good food here, I probably will only come back once or twice a year though cause it's such naughty food.  I will take visitors here for a splurge though!
I'm from Texas, so I know GOOD southern food.  I can't stress enough HOW AUTHENTIC and utterly AMAZING this place is.  The family who owns this and all their employees are the SWEETEST people. I use to work in the service industry for a long while and it's hard to come by waiters who are sincerely nice.  Best service I've EVER had and AMAZING AMAZING food. The Sweet Tea is the REAL DEAL.  The atmosphere: Feels like I'm eating at my mom place, relaxed, friendly; like I'm back in Texas.  PLEASE I URGE you, go to Lo-Lo's!
I had heard a lot about how great the food was at Lo-Lo's downtown location, so was excited to try when I saw they opened a place in Scottsdale. It is by far the best fried chicken I have ever had! The idea of waffels and chicken sounded weird to me, but after trying it~ Im hooked. This place is by far some of the best "comfort" food I have ever had. A must try... & my kids love the Kool Aide :)
I ate here a year ago and I still dream about their waffles. Everything I tasted was delicious. 
The owner introduced himself to us. He was very nice and helpful. I can't wait to go back.
Hubby ate her twice over the Labor Day holiday weekend while visiting Scottsdale. 

The decor looks like a modern take on an old school diner. 

This place is crowded all of the time. Our first visit we had to wait about 15 minutes before we were seated which was not bad. Our second visit we were seated right away. 

On our first visit I ordered 2 chicken wings, 1 waffle and lemonade. Hubby had 1 chicken breast, 1 or 2 waffles (can't remember), french fries (he can't resist them) and sweetened iced tea. 

OK first off this place serves their drinks in 32 ounce mason jars. The drinks are huge! They even allow free refills on drinks. 

The menu said the lemonade is homemade but was watery. My husband's iced tea was better but I prefer lemon juice in my tea. 

The food finally came out and the chicken was hot and tasty, BUT......the waffle was cold, thin and as one other reviewer described it, wimpy! The flavor of the waffle was good but it was cold. My husband said his was cold too! His french fries were also cold and he sent them back. 

Obviously the cook on that day was bit off on his timing of everything. 

Our first visit the service was just okay. Not good but okay. It was a bit slow. 

On our second visit we both ordered the soul food platter which came with 3 pieces of chicken and 2 sides. 

I had collard greens and mac and cheese as my sides and he had collard greens and red beans and rice. 

On the second visit my chicken breast was was over cooked and dry but everything else was pretty good. There were no complaints from my husband who had a very large juicy chicken breast on his plate. 

The soul food platter also came with corn bread that had so much butter on top that it looked as though an ice cream scoop had been used. The waiter was nice enough to bring me another plate so that we could remove some of the butter. 

I knew I was not going to be able to eat a whole soul food platter but there is no other combination on the menu that gives you chicken and the sides without having a waffle which I found a little odd. It did take 3 meals for me to finally eat all of this food. 

Lo-Lo's also has fish, breakfast items ad desserts on the menu. We did not have the opportunity to try them but while were there we saw that other people had ordered them and they looked pretty good too. 

Let me not forget there are also various flavors of kool aid on this menu. 

After speaking with some of the locals about the waffles at this place they told me to always make sure that I tell them that I want the waffle hot! 

I thanked them for the tip but I wouldn't have guessed that I needed to specify that I wanted a hot dish to be hot. Go figure! 

I think we will go back when we are in Scottsdale again.
After eating at Roscoes Chicken and Waffles in LA, I was dying to try this place.  This place is different than Roscoes, but definitely would give them a run for their money.  

The location is ok, convenient for the old town crowd.  Nothing special about the building or interior though.  

When the food came out I was pleasantly surprised.  The chicken was nice and crispy and nice and moist on the inside.  The waffles are really what set Lo-Los apart from the rest.  The hints of cinnamon make these waffles special, and left me wanting more after I devoured all of them.   I also ordered a sweet tea, a great offering that every restaurant should have.  

Definitely try this place out if you have not done so already!
Had breakfast at Lo-Lo's in Scottsdale today. The chicken and waffles were good, chicken better than the waffles, but my husband had the gizzards and gravy over rice. My, my, what a delicious dish. Don't think they are used to people drinking coffee, as we had to wait for the pot to brew when we got there and then had to ask for more and waited a long time for that. No refills on any beverages were offered, but other than that the service was good. We joined friends, so sat for a long time chatting and they didn't seem to mind. I think we will be going back next month as everyone enjoyed the experience.
I was not impressed with this place at all. The chicken I found to be very greasy and was overcooked. The waffles lacked luster in taste....they were straight bland. The place was packed when I went on a Saturday morning and there was no order anywhere in the restaurant. It took over 30 minutes to get the check after we had finished eating. Then to pay there was a line a mile long at the register and one register was not working properly. Was a late morning mistake to come and try this place out. I would avoid eating here the chicken lacks flavor.
First timer at Lolo's. Positives: food is delicious and servers were very friendly. Negatives: no baby changing station and they were out of coffee, pepsi, and cherry pepsi. When I said I'd just go grab a coffee at Starbucks, the server said no outside food was allowed. No response from him when I pointed out they should have coffee/cola, especially on a Sunday morning. They also said no to-go orders were allowed, but were gracious enough to give us a box so we could package it up.

Might return, in hopes that they can get their coffee pot fixed and soda refilled. Scottsdale is out in the middle of nowhere, after all. Replacements are hard to find.
This review is PURELY based on service. I typically try not to do entirely service oriented reviews but this last visit was unacceptable. 

To preface this, I have always been a huge fan, I bring visiting family, force it on co-workers, etc. My earlier 5 star review was even featured here on Yelp. I have been there easily once every other month for the last 3 years. I even pick up the chicken for camping trips (cold Lolo's chicken and beer is heavenly). 

My wife and I were at the one in Scottsdale on Sunday (managed to get a babysitter so we could hit brunch there sans-kids). We arrived at 9:20am so I was fully expecting a LONG wait. We actually got seated right away and ordered coffee and water. 

The server came back with the water and told us the coffee was brewing and took our order. After about 15minutes a different server stopped by and said our food wouldn't be too much longer. This was OK since I knew they would be busy and it would take awhile, no problem. I did ask if we could get the coffee we ordered. 

He said the coffee machine was broken and they were trying to fix it. I mentioned it really sucked having it break in the middle of their breakfast rush. He said it had actually broken they day before and that lots of people wanted coffee (crazy right?). At this moment I thought, that's odd, I thought it was brewing... oh well....

Well, not being one to complain, I worked in restaurants for years during college, but also not being one to enjoy waffles without coffee I opted to run across the parking lot and grab a couple coffees from Einstein bagels for the wife and I. 

I came back with the coffee and before I got to the door one of the servers popped out and said, "Sorry, no outside food or drink". He was very polite, but I said maybe this could be a special circumstance since their coffee machine had been broken since yesterday and we couldn't get any. He said no. I asked if we could just pour it into their mugs, he said no. I asked if we could switch to an outside table, he said no. 

I said I would like to speak to a manager and could he please go tell my wife to change our order to go since I couldn't go back inside. He went inside and came back and said the manager said no also. I was in shock. I could NOT believe this was their response. 

I went to the car to put the coffees down so I could text my wife and tell her to just leave the order and we would go somewhere else.  Unfortunately by that time she had paid and had the food. 

So, that's it Lolo's, I refuse to give you another dollar. That was unacceptable. And seriously? What kind of place doesn't have a backup plan for coffee on a Sunday morning? You couldn't send someone out to Target to pickup some cheap coffee makers for the morning? Or rent one from a catering company? Or worst case scenario just order a massive batch from Einsteins? 

Instead you opt to tell people they don't get coffee and won't and if they get their own somewhere else they have to leave?  

FAIL
After a strenuous morning hike we headed to Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles. We were welcomed by the friendly staff and only had to wait 5-10 minutes for a table. This Lo-Lo's location is in a strip mall and in a very safe location. The interior was clean and inviting. There are TVs which had football on. The crowd had a fun vibe anticipating a unique and tasty meal.

We each ordered a Lil Amadi, 1 thigh, 1 leg & waffle. You can order two thighs instead of a thigh and leg which we did. I ordered a side of rice and gravy. The Lil Amadi was only $7 and it filled a large plate.

The rice and gravy arrived.... perfectly cooked rice and a tasty gravy with a bit of a kick. Very tasty and a chance to test a different part of the menu.

Our Lil Amadi's arrived and looked absolutely divine. One large waffle, very hearty and cooked to perfection with a brown crust. A scoop of butter nestled next to two large chicken thighs fried perfectly. To the side was a small picture of syrup. We spread the butter, poured the syrup and dove in. The waffle was tender, tasty and hot.... yes HOT. All too often I get waffles delivered cold. The chicken was seasoned perfectly. The skin had a crunch which gave way to the juicy chicken underneath. The flavor went through to the bone. The servers stopped by several times to see how things were.... they had pride in their food and service. NICE change and very welcomed. YOU WILL NOT LEAVE HUNGRY :) You will leave thinking of when you can return to enjoy Lo-Lo's again.
Yummmm. It's probably going to say how many time's i've checked in next to my review and it's kind of embarrassing but not really because Lo-Lo's is  awesome! It's always busy on Saturday and Sunday mornings but the wait is never very long and the food always comes out fast!

I typically order the Tre-Tre's and a side of cornbread which is the perfect amount of food. The fried chicken is consistently crispy and the waffle is not too fluffy.  I've tried the grits too! Everything comes with heaps of butter so be prepared!

I've definitely gone more than 5 times and its really weird how two or three people always ask what you want to drink..even when you've already been helped but other than that, no complains about the service!
Authentic, relaxed atmosphere, reminds me of Louisiana!
YUM! But really unhealthy. (duh!) I ordered the Betty Boop (chicken breast & waffle).
The waffles are crazy good, they have a spice I couldn't identify but made the waffle delish. 
I loved the chicken breast but my husband said it was really overcooked and dry. I love dry chicken. 
Back to the waffles; huge scoop of whipped butter, tons of syrup, Huge waffle. 
The boys loved it. They also ordered chicken & waffles. The kool-aid was good but not over the top sugar as I expected. And we brought our dog! We sat outside with her. 
Super  wonderful friendly service. Everyone said welcome, was super nice, from the host, bus service and waitress just welcoming and nice. 
I'm thinking of a five star except I would only eat there on special occasions due to the health factor. 
Screw it - I'm giving them a five as I can't think of a negative.
***Just remembered they ask for your Identification and a credit card before they will serve you. And they hold it until you pay.I found that really odd and unfortunate. Be prepared.*****
Be warned.  A trip to Lo-Lo's will shave precious minutes off of your life.  Ah, heck.  I'm not a health nut and if you're taking a gander at Lo-Lo's reviews, odds are, neither are you.  Take a ride on the unhealthy side and enjoy your meal.  

This morning marked my first visit to Lo-Lo's.  I wanted to hit up the original location south of downtown Phoenix but time dictated I opt for the closer location in Scottsdale.

The restaurant was of decent size and comfy.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  Placed my order and it arrived quickly (easily within 15 minutes).  

I ordered Sheedah's Special which consisted of a fried chicken breast & wing and a waffle and a side of grits.  For a beverage I ordered a Dr. Pepper and it arrived in a Kerr's canning jar.  Nice touch.

The waffle was unique and tasted of cinnamon.  The chicken was outstanding.  Seriously, it ranks as some of the best I've had.  Lo-Lo's should sell the chicken by the bucket.

My only gripe with Lo-Lo's is the ghetto glorification you'll see on the menu and the t-shirts.  A small annoyance that does not get in the way of the delicious food.
All of my reviews since relocating to Phoenix mention the fact that I am from Chicago. Well, I have to mention it again. Lo-Lo's is a soul food restaurant with true soul!! I thought I would have to wait until I went back to Chicago before I could get a meal like this. From the moment we stepped foot in Lo-Lo's it felt like home. The staff was friendly and nice, even our fellow diners were friendly.

The chicken and fried catfish was perfect. The waffles were so good, they put cinnamon in the batter. As much as I enjoyed the food I cannot come here too often. Fried food, smothered in gravy makes it into the rotation every few weeks. I'm looking forward to trying the red velvet cake next time.

The music in the restaurant is better than what they play on the radio, a good mix of dusties with some new stuff. I anxiously await our next visit to Lo-Lo's.
LoLo's doesn't quite have the filthy charm of Roscoe's in Los Angeles but it's right down the street from where I currently live and the food is pretty darn good. I managed to convince my skeptical friend to try it one massively hungover morning. She ordered neither a waffle or chicken but after she saw the table next to us get their chicken, she added a drumstick to her order. I got the same thing I got last time, the Betty Boop which is one chicken breast and one waffle. Their chicken is absolutely delicious, truly top notch. The waffles are also good but I like a bit of a thicker waffle, as they make theirs quite thin so it loses its crunch rather quickly once you pour syrup on it. 
Here is my only real problem with place (and thus minus one star): they have serious timing issues when bringing out food. The extra piece of chicken my friend ordered was the first thing to arrive. A couple minutes later my plate arrived. A couple minutes after that, the rest of my friend's food arrived. That is really annoying and not a good way to run a restaurant. The food should all be brought out at the same time. Period. Other than that, the service is good but they appear to take a team-style approach to service whereby you will have 4 to 5 different people taking care of your table. My advice: focus - one server per table, and get a food runner so that I am not confused as to who my waiter is and my food comes out at the same time. Overall, recommended, especially when hungover.
We live close to Lolo's and I have been meaning to stop by and try their fried chicken. Everyone that I know who has tried this place is all saying the fried chicken is a must try. And so I did. And they were not wrong! I got 2 thighs and a waffle for $7 and I thought the chicken portion size was really huge. Customer service (the greeter) was also polite. I'd say I'm going back for another fried chicken craving next time!
I notice such wonderful reviews so I had to go and try it .  But as usual I was disappointed .  I think mainly because people from Arizona don't understand what food is suppose to taste like .  Being from the northeast Where restaurant's are extremely competitive and mediocre food will kill you faster than a bullet .  Here are some good points The chicken was well cooked and was juicy .  But it was under seasoned and very bland .  The waffles were way too sweet and they were soggy.The place has the potential but the execution wasn't very good .  You could probably get just as good at I hop .  It seems in Arizona people will go out and eat anything and accept it . There are no standards
I've only been here once, but what's better after a night out in old town than fried chicken?

I'm not a big gravy person, but it tasted great with the chicken and waffles.  We also got the red velvet cake to go and it was quite good.  Very moist!

I want to try some other things here too, but how can you not order their signature chicken and waffles every time?
Pros:
-Great tasting kool-aid, but then again, how could you go wrong with making kool-aid...?
-Very nice staff

Cons:
-Slow service if you sit outside. You're pretty much forgotten by the wait staff
-Don't order the cornbread - its extremely dense and hard, not the soft, buttery kind

I know the crowd will boo when they read this, but seriously folks - their chicken and waffles tastes like KFC chicken with Ego waffles - anybody feel me on this?! What is so special about their stuff? I say take your money and buy you're own bucket of fried chicken for the same price. Sorry!
To be fair I was recovering from an exhausting weekend full of bad food. I was tapped out. So eating fried chicken and waffles first thing in the morning was probably not my best move. The waffle was tasty. The chicken was greasy. The coffee was good. It wouldn't be my first recommendation for breakfast. It seems like one of those "either you like it or you don't" sort of things. I don't think I did. Would I try it again? If it were someone else's idea, probably.
Yum, this was exciting, the place wasn't open yet, and people were lining up, when they opened the doors, I think we were the fourth table to be seated, but by the time we left, it was standing room only!

W both got "KK" which was three pieces of chicken, 2 waffles, eggs and grits.  I had tried chicken and waffles before in LA, so I had some idea of what it would taste like together.  I enjoyed it for sure, but it's just fried chicken with some breakfast stuff mixed in, so I don't know why everyone is so  excited for it.  

The service was good, the place was clean and the food was cooked well.  For repeat business from me, I'd go back but only with someone new to the experience.
Being originally from Los Angeles, cannot avoid comparing Lo-lo's to Roscoe's. There are significant differences in both presentation and taste. The chicken at Lo-lo's has a darker batter with a nice rub/seasoning on it. The chicken appeared smaller in size to me, but surprisingly moist and juicy once you started pull away at it. Waffles are thin and flat, appearing with less presence on the plate. As unassuming as they may seem, the batter recipe is what it should be, doughy with a little sweetness. I need to eat here again to say whether it is better than Roscoe's but the fact that it is close is testament enough about their food.
So far no chicken and waffle place has been that good (lo-lo's, roscoes, home of chicken and waffles).  There chicken needs a little more kick to it... The red rooster helped but my moms chicken is way better... The grits could have used some more salt also... The service was really good but the prices were kinda high but that seems to be the thing with chicken and waffle places I guess... High prices for something that can be done at home  for a fraction of the price.  It wasn't bad but then again it wasn't great also... Roscoes is better in my opinion and they offer more...
Went here a couple times: liked the homemade lemonade, chicken (the best fried chicken i've eaten in Az), catfish (never had eaten catfish this good anywhere), waffles (remind me of waffle house), corn bread, and mac n cheese. Didn't like the gizzards and gravy, but would go back to get the gizzards minus the gravy. Did I mention I am a fat fuck, oh yeah!
Good tasting food, but way over priced.  If you would like to go for the experience, feel free.  But if it's because you are hungry, you'd do better to just grab something from Popeyes or KFC.
This place was recommended by people at work so checked it out yesterday, and I was not disappointed. I started off with the richest, most moist Red Velvet cake I've ever had. Was so rich, that I only was able to eat 1/3rd of the slice. I went with the "Betty-Boop" plate which consisted of 1 breast and 1 waffle. Perfect portion. 
I'm no master chef, but I believe I tasted a bit of cinnamon or some kind of spice in the waffle- it was very delicious. The fried chicken was my favorite part if the meal. I took advantage of the Chile vinegar as well as the Louisiana hot sauce. 
I also love they serve Kool-aid here. The prices are decent- not too cheap, not too expensive.  Overall, I would love to come back and would recommend this place to anyone who likes some good fried chicken.
Honestly, this isn't the best chicken and waffles I have had.  I would rather go to Waffle House & Popeyes but then I would have to make two stops and who wants that.

Roscoe's has them beat hands down but since there isn't a Roscoe's here LoLo's will do.  

There is a breakfast spot at the corner of 48th st & Indian School who offers better chicken and waffles if you have a craving.
Went there for the first time today...brought in my starbucks coffee that I just got to drink with breakfast.  The manager there stopped me and said no drinks allowed in, ok so I had them put it to the side and they placed it on the floor. We ordered breakfast there special waffles and chicken, the chicken was good the waffles sucked, soggy and no great shakes......disappointed.  While I was having breakfast the manager there was drinking her starbucks right in front of me, wow!!!! That made a statement, will never go back there!
Never had chicken so dry and salty before...I don't think I will be coming back here. Service was also horrible! I'll be sticking to Roscoe's.
Went to this location last week - was nervous to go because although I love waffles, and fried chicken, the idea of eating them together freaked me out.  But my husband is a huge fan, so I decided to suck it up.  I'm glad I did... Although I typically prefer my waffles a little crispier than LoLo's makes them, the flavor was to die for!!!  And who doesn't love some delicious fried chicken!  I know I do.... Try it!  You'll love it!
I must say it is a great place to go when your craving some good authentic Soul Food and waffles..... The atmosphere is very friendly and relaxing.... Their is always help walking around ready to serve you and answer any questions you have.... 

I had the 3 piece fried chicken with a side of collard greens and mac and cheese it also came with a buttery corn muffin.... The food was hot, fast, tasty, and fresh.... 

I love the gospel sunday.... It makes me feel at home.... And the fact that you can order kool aid makes this place feel even more like home..... 

Whether you have room for desert or not you have to order it...
 The banana pudding, red velvet cake, or sock it to me cake.... They all taste great.... 

I most definitly will say that you should give this place a try.... 
Mmmmmm.....Mmmmm..... Good.....!!!
I have never been into soul food per se, but my husband woke up craving some chicken and waffles, and well, you can guess where we ended up. We were so pumped that there was Kool Aid on the menu, so we ordered that immediately. I don't know why every restaurant doesn't do this... Kool Aid is amazing. The service was decent - our waitress was quite friendly, and the food came out quick. I got biscuits and gravy, which was pretty delish. The gravy was thick and filling. So filling, in fact, that I couldn't finish them. I also got a side of mac and cheese which was not great, and I didn't eat a lot of it. Overall, I'd give this place a solid 3. I'd come back again, but mostly because my husband thought it was some kind of wonderful.
Great service, delicious food with huge portions! I was a little skeptical about eating waffles with chicken but the flavors compliment each other beautifully. I wish the waffles were belgin style but other than that I loved them. They were made with cinnamon and the syrup was amazing. I had the KK (number 1) which also came with grits and eggs. I could have done without them but only because it was so much food. Next time I wanna try the Mac n cheese and collard greens.
Great service & Great food! Husband had the catfish platter it was awesome very filling kiddos had a waffle w cinnamon infused syrup I had a chicken sandwich it was so juicy and the fries had some kinda season salt on them makes my mouth water just typing this (Lol) then we all shared fresh banana puddin' .... I love this place can't wait to try some more items on the menu!
Not good,unless you like being forced to pay for gratuity.service ok.overprice chicken with a waffle your better off going to kfc....
What can I say that hasn't already been said? Great soul food in the AZ desert. You have to get a waffle when you go here, seriously... I get my sweet tea and fried okra fix here. I especially love it when they have the yellow cake with chocolate frosting. mmmmmm........ yellow cake with chocolate frosting
Popular, friendly, and clean chicken and waffles spot that's worth the wait.4.4 stars

- Chicken: crispy and well seasoned but not too greasy, tender meat inside
- Cornbread: sweet moist mongo muffin with crispy edges
- Waffles: like that you can get them cooked with pecans in the batter though wish they'd make em a bit crispier
- Fried okra: I always order this when I see it
- Fun drinks: 4 different flavors/colors if kool aid and super crazy the way the southerners like it sweet tea
- Atmosphere: dinery slick red booths
- Service: very friendly and food came out quick

Midlights:
- Mac and cheese: I didn't care for the sour creamy taste of this particular version, but my cousin loved it
- Red Velvet cake: we're a fan of this type of cake, but this rendition was just ok. Moist soft cake was great, but the flavor was lacking 

Lowlights
- Long wait: even Sunday at 2:30 there was an hour wait
- Ran out of banana pudding: the southern hub's favorite dessert he was looking forward to ever since he saw the commercial. Sad he was so disappointed
- Closes at 4 so don't plan on dinner. Sad seeing people come in and be turned away...

I'm not a fried chicken connoisseur like my hub but I think I like this even better than traditional Roscoes and wouldn't mind coming back.
There is no better way to start off your day then Fried Chicken and Waffles.  It just puts you on a cloud for the rest of the day.  

Lo-Lo's has amazing fried Chicken the same as Mrs. Whites Golden Rule Cafe which I think is the best in the valley and then Lo-Lo's serves it up with golden brown sweet waffles and syrup.  I know most of y'all won't mess with the mixture of hot sauce and syrup but once you let down your guard you will see how well they go together.  

If I could I would eat here everyday but then I would be about 400lbs and surely not live too long.
First time eating Chicken and waffles and it was the best time ever.
The closest to Roscoe's that I've ever found. Yes, Roscoe's is better - but NOT BY MUCH. I think the waffles were a tad bit sweeter than Roscoe's (perhaps a bit too sweet for me?), but overall the combination is perfection! This will be very high on my list for my return visits to Phoenix. It's relatively close to the airport and worth the drive if you are on a layover. YUM. 

As a side note, the beverage menu is pretty freaking hilarious as well. They serve HUGE jars of kool-aid (and I saw many people getting REFILLS of their 60+ ounce kool-aid). I guess the only thing better than a 2000 calorie breakfast is another 2000 calories of bright red artificial awesomeness to wash it down with :)
Five stars for service, three and a half for food.

We ate here on a Sunday morning and had nothing but attentive service from all of their staff.  For example, my girlfriend's sweet tea was running a little low on ice and one of the servers (not ours) just walked by and mentioned she thought the tea needed more ice!  Frequent refills, friendly attitudes, and just an overall feeling of "being taken care of" were highlights. 

As far as the food, the chicken was inconsistent and waffles were average.  The chicken (leg and thigh) could have used a hint more seasoning, while the wing was seasoned perfectly.  The thigh was a bit undercooked, the leg a bit overcooked.  The waffles were soft, somewhat heavy, and had way too much cinnamon.  

Everything was good but not great, and while the food won't bring me back the service just might.  And I'd like to try other things on the menu, including another round of the chicken and waffles to see if my experience differs next time.

Finally A+ for being a family owned, Phoenix-based eatery.  We need more places like this and less garbage chain restaurants.
Delicious chicken and even better waffles. The sweet tea is great but sometimes it can be too sweet. Give this place a try!
You really do "gotta go go to Lo Lo's!" Just follow the dancing chicken leg you won't be disappointed. Seriously though, some of the best Southern food I have ever eaten, you know, aside from my grandmother's who was born and raised in North Carolina and wasn't stingy with the bacon grease when cooking. They clearly use quality ingredients and make everything from scratch, you can taste it! I highly recommend the collard greens, fried okra, and especially the banana pudding! The fries were good too but you have so many other choices for sides that you just can't get  anywhere else so go with one of those options. The service was also fabulous! Our server was very polite and his face must hurt so bad by the end of the shift because he never stopped smiling. You should go just for the novelty of asking "What types of Kool Aid are you serving today?"
SLOW service but worth the wait. The chicken tastes fresh and is well breaded. Culinary's fried chicken is better but this place has good chicken strips.
It lives up to the hype! Had a great meal, quick & friendly service from a seemingly cheerful staff. Can't wait to go back! :9

I could definitely see where the anti-bill-splitting addendum could be a bother... but the cheap people can suck it up & figure it out when they leave.
OH MY Heavenly Heart attack!  Great grease food with soul.  We got the chicken waffles of course and enjoyed every bite!  Cute jars they serve your drinks in.  Nothing fancy but great place for quick casual food.
We stopped by during a weekend visit to Scottadale.  I ordered a 2 piece with fries and my fianc got the lo-lo special (chicken, 2 waffles). I really liked the chicken but it was pretty greasy. I looooved the waffles!!! It was soo good, I wish I would have just ordered that. It almost had a cinnamon taste to it. 

Service is extremely quick and friendly. They take the order fast and the food comes to the table 5 min later. 

What I did find annoying is that they ran out of diet Pepsi!!! I mean what restaurant runs out of it?!?? Oh well.
I went to Lo-Lo's for the first time it was a recommendation and I had the dish Phat Boy it was delicious the place was busy when I went and the service was good :)
I have been meaning to go to this place since my first first friday 2 years ago.  Well, I finally made it in.  Before I get into the reason for the missing star, I'll start with the 4 well deserved other stars.  The food here is good.  I love that I can order kool aid, that's just awesome.  The waffles are very tasty and light, not too heavy.  The barbecue sauce was very yummy too.  I wish they had a better ranch, but that's not gonna take away from the greatness of everything else.

The only qualm I had was a minor service issue.  My friends will all agree, I never vent about service.  I don't mind waiting (especially for good food) and if the food is great and the service isn't I will always come back. The problem with my experience was that the table that got sat after we did, had their drinks and was putting in their food order before we got our drinks (and it was the same server).  

It hurts me to gripe about something like this, but I needed to put it out there.  I will always tell my friends I had a great time here and enjoyed it all.
One word... AMAZING! Love the Chicken & Waffles concept. Also taking home some Red Velvet Cake! :-)
We got there at 9 am, Sunday morning and got seated right away.  The food was awesome!  I had waffles, egg and grits and it was delish!  My daughter is almost 3 and she was eating more than I was and she's a picky eater so trust me, if she eats it it must be good.  I would definitely return.  Service rocked.  Lemonade was a bit on the sweetside but everything was great. TY
So I'm in search for the best breakfast place and have started a Breakfast Club UYE, and for the 1st one I picked Lo Los, I have been dying to try them, and being a single gal I don't really like dining alone so the Breakfast Club was my way of getting out and having people join me :) had a good turn out for folks willing to try Lo Los with me :)

Oh my when I got there I ordered coffee, just cuz its needed and then I saw they had jars of Kool Aid, ordered me a cherry Kool Aid and you best believe I was looking out for the Kool Aid man! It was sweet heaven! Ok now I gotta order food lol 

I ordered the #6 which was Nay Nays, it had 2 waffles, eggs and grits and I added a fried chicken breast, never had grits before and wanted to try them, they came with a big ball of butter and I added some sugar to it and they were a sweet bliss! The waffles, man they are delish! Told Kenny our server I like some waffles with my syrup, so he brought me more if that sweet maple heaven! The eggs, scrambled were perfect just as it, now I havent had fried chicken in years and the one I had was omg so delish! The coating was crunchy crispy the chicken tender and juicy, it was the best fried chicken I have had in years, in fact I have been craving it ever since then! I hit that chicken with some Louisiana Hot Sauce and hot damn that was heaven!! 

You bet I will be back!
I had lunch at the Scottsdale location this week.  I was carrying a Contigo water bottle.  The hostess who seated me asked what was in the water bottle.  DUH - water!  Odd- never had that happen before.   I was seated right away but it took 10-15 minutes for the person to take the order.  Food came out very quickly.  Chicken breast was lukewarm, tough and not very tasty.  KFC has better chicken for less money.  Waffle was ok but the maple syrup had no maple flavor.  Paid with a credit card and had to show a driver's license.  Odd again -- can't recall that happening in a long time.   There are many places to eat where the food is better and your water bottle is not treated with suspicion.  Skip this place
Finally made it to a Lo-Lo's!  Met up with some folks for the Yelp Breakfast Club's first meeting.  I had the Stupid Fries which were very good.  I will have to go another time to try the chicken and waffles which were receiving high marks from everyone else at the table.  Service was good.  We got there early enough on a Sunday so we didn't have to wait for seating.  They only seat complete parties and don't split checks so bring cash for a group.  They do provide a receipt identified by seating position.
WOW! I came here little bit off guard. From outside it looks like just a modest family restaurant but oh my.. when you're inside, you immediately feel comfortable with all the soulful songs, home made fried chicken and waffle.. And they served the tea in a jar!! Just love it! The food taste so great, I come back for more..
After hearing about this place forever, I finally went with some co-workers. Honestly, it was good but I don't know what all of the fuss is about. I had, of course, the fried chicken (thighs) and waffles. The fried chicken was a bit bland for my taste, and the waffles were...waffles. I ate them both separately and together, and they were both just all right. Now some chicken-fried gravy might have helped the matter a bit but I really expected more from chicken and waffles.
It's great that this location is open late on Friday nights, but what's more important is that it's open by nine on Saturday mornings, because LoLo's is up there for the award for the best hangover food I know. It might not sound appetizing when you first wake up and realize you died sometime in the night and are still putting the pieces of your brain back together, but if you can drag yourself out of bed and get to LoLo's everything is going to be okay. Don't ask questions, don't second guess yourself, just get the delicious greasy food you need to keep going. Once your plate is empty, you'll feel like a new person, one who can contemplate the rest of the weekend. 

If you see me there with hangover shades on, drinking coffee by the pot, feel free to join my party. Waffles love company too.
Don't know why it took me so long to come here, but I had a great experience.  The staff were all upbeat and very friendly, you can tell they make a lot of people happy here.  

The chicken was crisp and delicious, and the waffles were soft, buttery, and flavorful.  I also tried a side of cornbread and mac n' cheese.  The mac n' cheese was so rich, it tasted like it had one pound of Velveeta per square inch...not really my style, but it still tasted fresh.  The cornbread was very good and didn't taste like a boxed mix.

The food is very delicious, but it's also extremely rich, and I don't think I can handle eating it more than once every couple of months.  If you've never been here, it's definitely worth checking out.
A funny story....My father, who has lived in over 20 states, was very skeptical about chicken and waffles together.  My parents came down here from Colorado to visit for a few months.  They wanted to try some of the great food Phoenix has to offer.  So, I said Lolo's, of course,was one of the places to go.  After the first time going, he said that Chicken and Waffles is one of the best combos that he has ever had and their waffles reminded him of the belgium waffles of New York City in the 60s.  My father in the following months wanted to go there a few time before he left and always left happy.

Their chicken is so crisp, yet very moist still on the inside. The waffles will never let you down either.  I am happy someone has fried okra in their town and my nieces love the macaroni and cheese and their various DRANKS of kool-aid.  My wife always has to have their sweetened tea, while I have to go with the grape drank!  Reminds me of the south and childhood!
I went to the one in Scottsdale and ordered the chicken tenders with a waffle and some corn bread. Holy poop, was it delicious! The waffle is the only waffle I've ever had that wasn't bettered by putting butter on and the chicken fingers were the best me and my boyfriend had ever had! They were fried to perfection! The corn bread was perfect as well! 

There was only one place where Lo-Lo's could have messed up but they didn't. I ordered a waffle with my chicken tenders but they gave me fries instead. With no hassle at all they told the kitchen to make me a waffle and the General Manager told the waitress to let me keep the fries.

Btw, if anyone wants a great example of how a GM should be, go eat at Lo-Lo's. The GM was so friendly, seemed to work well with his staff, treated his customers well and with respect and was just above and beyond the GM's you see in many stores!
This is a great place to get chicken and waffles and soul food! 

I've been here 3 times in the past month. LOL!  I normally order #9 the Lil Amadi  which includes an option of 1 thigh, 1 drumstick or 2 thighs & waffle which cost $7.  The chicken is perfectly fried and juicy. The waffle is often crispy and has a hint of cinnamon in it.

There is something about a bite comprised of fried chicken, buttered and syruped waffle with a dash of the Louisana hot sauce....sweet and spicy...Yum!!

My friend ordered the fried catfish and I was surprised that it was super moist and well seasoned and not greasy. I think I'll definitely get that next time I'm there.

Do yourself a favor and order their macaroni and cheese, (you'll thank me later). I think it is one of the best I've tried. It is creamy, cheesy and the elbow macaroni are soft but not mushy.

Also, their collard greens are surprisingly good. It actually has a kick of spice to it, but it works really well with the dark leafy earthy vegetable.

I've also tried their meatloaf which they have on special during part of the week. It is old fashioned style meatloaf and was flavorful and moist.

Service is anywhere from good to mediocre. Food comes out within 10-15 minutes. This place can get packed on the weekends during lunch.
I would give this one 5 stars if it weren't for the terrible hostess that made us feel so incredibly uncomfortable!!!  We had friends in town and they were dying to try it out.  Love the restaurant concept and the food.  I wish I could eat it every day!! 

Pros: 
chicken - crispy, incredibly seasoned
waffles - thin and the perfect crunch!
red kool aid 'drank' - just like it was when you were a kid!
mac 'n cheese - creamy and delish!
the price!!

Cons: 
hostess was rude
bathroom was a lil stinky/dirty... sadface

Can't wait to take more out of towners to this place!
A dear old friend told us about this place last year after she was here during Spring Training.  She fed the brother some cold, day-old Lo-Lo's chicken and he thought it was good.  When I was in Scottsdale shortly after that, I just didn't have a chance to stop although I did see it as other friends drove me back to my hotel.  It made me sad.

So on the road trip through some southwestern and southern states, this was put down as a stop.  It was so worth it!  I shared the #1 KKs with the nieces - 3 pieces of chicken southern style, 2 waffles, grits & 2 eggs scrambled with cheese & onions.  There was so much food!  The chicken skin was so crispy, and the meat was juicy and tender.  Waffles were yummy.  We also got to sample the smothered chicken, Cool Bre Bre's Chicken Salad, red beans over rice and collard greens from the rest of the table. 

And we had to have the Stupid Fries.  With a name like that, how could we not order it?!?  Oh my, were those hot seasoned fries topped with tender fried white meat chicken, gravy & onions, green & red peppers covered with cheese good.  

WARNING - the drinks were HUGE!  And some of it was on the sweet side.  Both nieces had Kool Aid.  One was just right and the other was super sweet.  The latter must've been the one they call Red Kool Aid "Drank".  No matter.   We asked our waiter, Michael, for water and fixed it to our taste.  My lemonade was good but perfect after I watered it down also.  

Lo-Lo's is definitely better than Roscoe's!
Waffles were pretty good, but I thought the chicken was great. Cooked tender with a lightly crispy and flavorful breading. They were packed on the Saturday afternoon I went so it took some time to get seated, but the service was friendly and expedient for the rest of our meal. I will be heading back soon.
Just the facts.  Food average this time.  Seems not as good when they are busy.  Service was helpful and pleasant.  

Deal breaker.  After waiting in line for bathroom.  Employee in front of me exited.  Upon entering found unflushed deuce.  So, either he left it behind or failed to address before a customer entered.  

Will not be back.
I've been salivating ever since I saw the words Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles grace the Albertson's grocery shopping plaza closest to my house at Thomas and Scottsdale Roads. The delicious soul food spot I've only ever been to in downtown Phoenix is coming to my neighborhood? Less than a mile away from Old Town Scottsdale?!?!

Yes, it was true. What my party noticed was how appetizing all the food looked. It's the same menu as the Phoenix location, and Peter got the Nay-Nay's ($8) with waffles, eggs and grits (my pal ordered a chicken breast, $4, too.)

He washed his meal down with a "Jar of Drank" of Kool-Aid ($2.50).

My table also got the Lo-Lo's ($11), with three pieces of chicken and two waffles.

I ordered sides of Mac N' Cheese ($3.50), cornbread ($1) and French Fries ($3.50).

The fries had chili powder on them and were perfectly thick-cut. It's a basket that's big enouch for the table to share, or gobble up yourself like I did.

The Mac N' Cheese cools quickly, so eat it as soon as it's served. The noodles were cooked well, and the cheese was thick-just forget any semblance of a diet you might have while you eat.

The cornbread was disappointing. It was too dry and crumbly and super-difficult to eat. Overall, though, my table loved the food and agreed it was worth indulging.

This Lo-Lo's is bigger than the original, and the giant mirror covering one wall just made it look that much more spacious. It also looked a little cleaner and more pristine than the one in Phoenix.

Service-wise: maybe it's because the place just opened, but the service was scattered. I think about five different people offered to grab us refills, but maybe with a few more weeks under their belt, Lo-Lo's wait staff will have tightened up the routine.

I'm so stoked that Lo-Lo's has opened up right by my house. It's rare for this plaza to have a sit-down restaurant.
LoLo's is deelish!!! I never knew chicken and waffles were meant to be married!  The mac and cheese and the cavity-inducing kool-aid are amazing! Props to Miranda for being a cool waitress and suggesting the blue kool-aid with the red kool-aid on top. Skip the red velvet. Def not worth the cals. You're gonna leave feeling guilty for the way u treated your body. Make it worth it because it will definitely be a rare occasion!
The idea of Lo-Lo's on a Sunday morning has to rank right up there with Segway, Farmville, and the bumpit. 
The line to get in was worse than the Indiana Jones ride at Disneyland on a school holiday.  
The hostess was sweet, explaining how the wait could be close to an hour or even longer. 
When asked if we could get take-out, her response was the same. 

Sadly, i couldn't wait an hour, eventually coming to grips with how my waiting in line with such a bad hangover could morph me into a one-man Donner party. 
As the hostess patiently awaited our response, I stared off into space, fantasizing about life in prison, the result of my conviction on some trumped-up cannibalism charges after the manager caught me gnawing-off an elderly woman's kankles. 

"Sorry, we'll come back later," I politely responded. 

No chicken. 
No waffles. 
No prison.

Goodbye Lo-Lo, hello DeFalco's.
A great big thank you to our waiter, Keenan; who made the morning super enjoyable with his wit, charm and efficiency. This Lolo's is a bit classier than the original, though the food is still just as down-home delish! I do prefer the original restaurant's vibe, but this locale worked well for our trio today. The chicken was tender, crunchy, and savory and the waffles were golden brown sweet heaven. The grits were fluffy and oh so buttery, while the candied sweets stole the show. Staff and service are friendly, young, and efficient. Great meal, thank you LoLo's. Don't worry... we'll be back. :)
This was a very hard one for me to review! I have been looking for a great chicken house that offers that unbelievable chicken! I have heard of this place, and have been meaning to try it out. So my daughter wanted to take me somewhere for my birthday! Since we had nothing else to do, I brought up Lo-Lo's. Since this place closes at 4:pm on Sunday? We arrived around 2:30, according to the hostess there were going to be about a hour wait! Well we didn't get all dressed up for nothing! Told her a party of three, and during the wait we went over to Jamba Juice for a cool smoothie. Now we were outside waiting when they called our name, that hour turned into only a half hour wait! But since we did not finished our smoothie, we were told to finish it or throw it away! Not allowed to bring it in? When we were seated, I had to squeeze between our table and a table next to us, when I did that I ended up getting syrup on my pants. Don't want anything sticky on your pants!!!! Yes they try to get as much seating in there as possible. Now Michael who was our server was very apologetic! Got me a warm wash rag, to clean up. I ordered their betty boop, this comes with a waffle and a breast of chicken! Daughter had their big ass chicken sandwich with fries. We also shared a chili cheese fries. Their waffle was very good, it compares with our favorite in Oakland at Full House! Daughter enjoyed the sandwich, and yes! It's a big ass sandwich! So come prepared! Their chili fries were good, it was advertised to be spicy, it had a little twang in it. But I have had better. Now to their chicken, I love fried chicken! My favorite is at M & M soul food in Gardena Ca. So I was real excited about coming here and trying their chicken. Maybe I expected to much? Maybe I have already tasted the best chicken possible? But Lo-Lo's chicken did not meet my expectations! Now I am not saying their chicken is bad, there is no way that is true. But I was really hoping this was it! So when it comes down to it, YES I would come back! But my search for a great fried chicken in the Phoenix area is still on going! The best thing about our experience is Michael our server! He had a great attitude, looks like he loves what he is doing! He is by far, one of the best servers we have ever had!! 
Oh yea! They have Kool-Aid!!!!!!
The food arrived fast and was super good. Some of the best waffles i have ever had. BUT it took more than 45 mins for us to get sitted. I get that it was 8 of us. But it wasnt even that busy. And 2 transactions per bill is bullshit! Specially if its 100+ bill. We get that it says on the menu but still we are your costumers you cant just take one more credit card. We would have appreciated it and probably end up coming back but nooo brother got all mad and walked away. Roscoes would have hook it up.
What is this place?!!!! AMAZING. My boyfriend took me here and I was blown away. I spent the first 20 minutes ogling everyone's food. The best fried chicken I have ever had and the waffles are insanely delicious. I also love how they serve drinks in mason jars. 

The service is scattered as others have mentioned but everyone is really nice. Our food came out quickly enough and was perfect. 

This isn't a quick place to eat, set aside about an hour on a weekend morning. 

Definitely will be back and it's a shame I don't live closer otherwise I would eat here more often.
4.5 stars...

Dare I say it's better than Roscoe's? Well I'm not too sure about that just yet. Maybe they should battle.

Anyways! I really did enjoy my chicken and waffles from this joint. The atmosphere here is busy, a lil noisy, but everyone is definitely enjoying their food! The only thing I think I would pass on is their mac and cheese. I just didn't really care for it. The cornbread was awesome. And the collard greens were good and with a lil kick. I didn't get a chance to try my boyfriend's twice fried chicken... he ate it all. So I guess that means it was good too!
Oh thank you, crispy waffles and chicken... Services was a little slow, however, the food made up for it. 

Tricky to get parking so if you're on the run park in the shopping market, walk over, it'll save you time. 

Still, thank you, thank you, thank you!
I went here today for the first time with a friend and I really enjoyed the "betty boop". It came with one big waffle and a chicken thigh. The waffle was good, tasted like cinnamon, and the chicken was juicy and delicious! I also ordered a rasberry kool-aid just because it was available and I enjoyed that as well! I loved how quick we got the food and how attentive the servers were, even the host was great! 

I would come back for the chicken and waffles but also to try their "soul food".
Friendly staff, amazing food!
I went the first time in late July. My boyfriend had been once. I ordered the Lolo's Famous SoulFood Platter, the catfish was fantastic. I have eaten a ton of fish in my time and it was cooked perfectly and nicely crunchy. I enjoyed the decor ass I waited for my food a kind of barrel theme. the sweet tea was perfect. I am not sure what they put in the green beans, but they  were the best I have ever eaten. Yummy....I watched the staff and noticed they all smile and have a sense of urgency. Our waiter was top notch and very attentive, so he got a big tip, haha I will be going back soon!!
THREE TIMES IN ONE WEEK because I craved this place. I want credit for trying! bisquits and gravy YUM! Chix strips and fried snapper YUM. Fried Chicken Yum! But when Waffels is in your name, come on! YUK Thin pale and raw or almost raw!!! Twice!!!!
 I get it nobody makes a waffels like my mom did, it was enough to wake me (for real) so I am spoiled. However Thin might be there "style" but raw is inexcusible.
Service is always GREAT & FRIENDLY, but my cravings have wayned.
I will be back but you lost me on the waffle part, thank goodness almost everything eles from the kitchen is great!
Been here many times.. Great place to bring out of towners..I've never had anything bad here, love the fried chicken and waffles, fried catfish is out of this world and the shrimp and grits are amazing. I usually like going to the original location near downtown Phoenix for charm even tho it's in a barrio and industrial area. Service is always prompt, one of my favorite valley restaurants.
There's nothing like some good southern food on a blistering hot day. The boyfriend and I were craving waffles thanks to Food Network when we decided to have lunch at this well known favorite.  
I've been to both locations and even though they serve the same food, I think I'm partial to the downtown location, simply because it feels like you're really down in the south. It's in a renovated house and you're sitting at small home dinner tables. The Scottsdale location is nice, but not as authentic. 
Today's experience was definitely not the best we've had.  We were greeted when we walked in and immediately sat. But that's about where the good service stopped for the day. While we looked over the menu, I overheard another table ask where their drinks were. Apparently the kitchen was out of ice, but the server failed to communicate this to the table. Lucky for us, we didn't have to worry about the ice situation, as our server decided just to wait to greet our table or take our order until there was ice. 
When our server finally arrived, she did take our order (The Betty Book and fried okra for me) and put in a drink order. After a few minutes, we got our drinks and our food shortly after. Everything came out great, but we were missing the okra. When I asked, the runner said they didn't have it right now. A few minutes later, our server came to apologize. She said she didn't hear the order, which is really no big deal. Then, she informed us that they don't carry it this time of year because it's too humid to fry correctly. While I appreciate their effort to not serve inferior product (which so many places will do anyway) , it seems a little strange that southern states carry fried okra during the summer when they are considerably more humid than Arizona.  It just didn't make much sense to me, as I am from Texas and have eaten perfectly crunchy fried okra during the summer.  
All in all, the food was as good as it always is. Maybe it was just an off day for service.
My quick summary:  Deliciously surprising.

So my younger sister had been trying to take me for some chicken & waffles for years.  But, me being the stubborn mule that I am, I dug in my heels.  I was stuck on my idea that fried chicken & waffles are not a natural combination, as this was not the food I was raised on and I don't even like waffles.  Boy was I wrong.

My sister had a insane pregnancy craving while we were out together one day & demanded I take her to Lolo's that very moment.  Who am I to argue with a seven-month pregnant woman who is like 6 inches taller than me?  I am proud to say I caved like the cowardly lion.

My first impression on the atmosphere leaned towards the positive side as the place was packed on a weekday, during lunch.  And the colors are bright & exciting.  The desserts were displayed in cases on the counter & looked mouthwatering.

The waiter was funny, friendly & very helpful.  I am not a Kool-Aid drinker, so he brought me his own concoction of rd Kool-Aid mixed with lemonade.  One word: addicting.  

I ordered the Tre Tre, which comes with a couple legs & a waffle, a side of mac & cheese & banana pudding for dessert.  The chicken I ate first, being not that big a fan of waffles.  It was divine.  The spices on the skin are amazing, best I've ever had.  The mac & cheese was creamy and rich.  I even loved the waffle.  It is cooked perfectly, and has a hint of cinnamon.  And I don't usually eat pudding, but I will order that there whenever possible.  There was not a crumb left on my plate.

I now take any family & friends there if we happen to be in the area.  And they never disappoint.
Stopped in with my husband for a quick bite right before lunch.   We had heard about this place being good, so we were exited that we just happened to be near it that day.  I had other lunch plans so opted to just share with my husband.  He ordered the chicken and waffles wih grits and eggs.  He knows how much I love grits so he gave those to me.  I hate to sound full of myself, BUT I make delicious grits!  So I can't say I was too crazy about these.  They really didn't have any flavor to them.  They did have lots of butter though.  Now, the chicken on the other hand was perfect.  Perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, just perfect!The waffles were really good too!  My husband really enjoyed his egss.  I didn't try those, though.  I will go back to try some of their other menu items.
Ordered a number 1 and killed it......I have never had chicken and waffles together or been to Lo-los...Here is the lo down:

Great chicken, nice fried chicken with a great tasting flower mix for the fried skin.  It tasted fresh and the chicken was nicely cooked.  It came out super hot so I had to eat it last.

The waffles were fresh and soft.  Nice scoop of butter on top with maple syrup to drown the butter onto the waffles.  The waffles are large, fluffy, soft and delish.  Get the waffles, had a touch of Cinnamon in them as well.

I had some sunny side up eggs also and with the fresh onions and shredded cheese on top it really added some addition flavors to my eggs.  The crunch of the onions with the soft liquid egg helps add texture.

At last the last portion of the number 1, and my least favorite item was the grits.  It is a nice helping of grits, comes in its own bowl with a nice scoop of butter to add flavor.  Unfortunately the butter does not have salt and the grit lacked salt so the grits was basically flavorless.  No worries salt shaker in hand I corrected the lack of salt and enjoyed the grits.  I just wished it had more flavor in it.  

A number one includes all that is listed above and is for someone with a serious appetite.  Bring your appetite and $15 and you will be full of delicious fried chicken, soft and delish waffles, and wonderfully cooked eggs.
annnnd....  get the red drink.  
I've had the fish, the chicken the stupid fries.   Its not good for you, BUT ITS SO GOOD.  Depends on the day, the biscuits are better some days then others. The red gravy is different day by day ans so is the sausage gravy.
The brunch menu is almost ready and i can't wait!
Chicken not as good as KFC or even Basha's. Frozen Eggo waffles are better. 

Red velvet cake was very disgusting. Fried okra was soggy and too expensive. Soul food with no soul!

Waffles and chicken are an odd combination that might have worked had they been good.

Did I mention that the place is overpriced?

The best thing -- it provides employment for blacks right in the middle of whitey Scottsdale. The staff was very friendly (but incompetent) so I'll rate the place with 2 star instead of one!

I have been there twice and it was just as bad both times. Will never return.
Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles FIVE STARS *****

I Love this place! I'm a Regular at Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in Los Angeles, Cali. But Lo-Lo's in my opinion Beats Roscoe's.
A party of 6 on a Sunday Morning, we were immediately seated in this nice, clean and new looking spacious restaurant. We were all given our menus and the waiter took our drink orders a few moments later. OMG They have a variety of KOOL AID on Tap! I'm posting the photos, but the idea Genius!

We ordered a combination of Chicken, Waffles, Pancake, Biscuits and Gravy, Mac and Cheese, Fried Eggs, Rice and Dessert. Our order arrived shortly after and let me tell you..
*Portions are Huge! My First thought are these Chickens on Steroids =]
*Fresh, Crispy, Tasty and Piping Hot just out of the Fryer
*Waffles were perfect!
*Mac & Cheese was amazing and so cheesy
*Biscuits and Gravy were Delicious. I normally don't like Biscuits with gravy but this is my exception.

I Love Love Love this place. The prices are great! Service was Fab. I thought it was cute too to see twin brothers working there. Both really friendly. Next time I come to Arizona this will be my first stop. Definitely try thus place. You will not be disappointed =]
Came here for a final "farewell to Phoenix" lunch with 10 of us. It was hot outside and the wait was an excruciating hour. What was nice was they had coolers of drink for the people waiting. Once we were finally sat, the service was fast and friendly. I ordered Kool Aid since well.. everyone else did. When I received it I remember why I dont drink it...its too damn sweet! Ick.Anyway I ordered the Tre Tre and i was freakin delicious and the perfect amount of food. I could not have been happier to have this as my final meal in Phoenix. I definitely recommend this place, just be prepared to wait.
I am a fried chicken fan. 

In terms of fried chicken, Lolo's doesn't even make it to my top 10.  Nothing against the shop, which is run by really friendly people, but their yard-bird is not that flavorful once you get past the crunchy, salty, skin.  It may well be the best thing in Phoenix but that's not saying a whole lot.  Now mind you I'm comparing it to the likes of Price's Chicken Coop in Charlotte or the Scotch House in New Orleans - and compared to those esteemed joints - Lolo's is just bland.

That said, Lolo's will do you right: good waffles, solid collards, a tasty mac n cheese, grits, eggs.  If it was aiming to be a breakfast joint  it might score higher with me.  And their service is really welcoming.

But a drawback is their price.  For being the only game in town - Lolo's will stick it to your wallet.  It's very very easy to walk out of there 40$ lighter for a dinner for two.

Next time, I'll stick to the sides.
Chicken and waffles!! Very good fried chicken, moist on the inside and crunchy on the outside. Waffles look like they are from waffle house, tasty!
Oh I absolutely love this place and I say that as a vegetarian! Well dont think I am crazy. For starters, I just love the ambiance and people here, ah makes me feel like I am in the south! and their portions are HUGE for the price they charge and I heard some meat eaters say the chicken here is way better than KFC :) Anyway, they have a lovely veggie platter in which you can order any 4 side dishes and it comes with their amazing cornbread. I got Collard Greens, Fried Okra, Mac & Cheese and Eggs. Check the pics.  I was tempted to get the beans which would have made my dish completely southern from what I hear, but anyway the food was absolutely amazing. I think my friends got chicken fried steak (?) and catfish and they vouch for them too. oh I have had stupid fries in the past and loved 'em as well. I love how they serve everything in mason jars(?) here! oh and if u get a chance please actually have the chicken and waffles as well! and it was one of our member's birthday that day and the awesome waiter just gave us the amazing Red Velvet cake for free :)
Overpriced, unhealthy food!  Popeyes and Fry's have bigger and better chicken  Never going back there!
We went on a Friday around 11:00am.  I was looking forward to discovering Lo-Lo's having read several magazine reviews.  The place is on a nice corner location, lots of windows, bright, colorful, energetic feel. It was fun to peruse the menu.   The service was great that time of day, before the Friday lunch rush.  There must have been 10 employees who came up to us during our visit...extra napkins, replace a dropped fork, make sure we had a chance to order, any questions about the menu, asking how we liked it, and more.  Everyone was full of positive energy and smiles.

I discovered I like fried okra and the gravy for the chicken is A+.  The cornbread was the best I had had in a decade, fresh, moist, large, with a nice ball of butter on top.  I will try the cheesy grits next time.  The chicken was good, meaty.  Would like to try it when the noon rush is on and the chicken is piping hot like some of the other reviewers mention.  Chicken is crisper when it is just out of the fryer.  I would definitely recommend.  The full blown chicken dinner for lunch is $14. Comes with 3 pieces of chicken, 2 sides, cornbread, gravy, but one will have leftovers for the next day's lunch.  Other dishes are typical Scottsdale luncheon pricing.  Curious about the waffles...I am not big on waffles, but heard they are worth trying once.

Wish there were coupons to coax me there more often.  :)
Awesome. Being from So Cal, I have high standards when it comes to Chicken and Waffles (Yay Roscoes!) Lo-Lo's delivered. Great chicken, yummy waffles and kool-aid served in a Mason Jar. The staff was very friendly and a lot of fun.  You really can't go wrong. 

Oh and according to a flyer they have a $399 Bereavement Special Package. This seriously made my trip.
Wow!!

Whipped over to this Lo-Lo's today for lunch with Robyn N. & Mike C.  Having been to their Phoenix location a while back I knew to expect an expensive but delicious meal, & they didn't disappoint!

My order was for the 3-Piece Chicken Meal with corn & home fried potatoes for sides, plus they also give you a big cornbread muffin & a ball of soft, whipped butter to put on it.

This was genuinely an all-you-can-eat feast & every bite of it was SOOOOOO good!!  The table service was friendly and attentive too.     :-))

3-Piece Chicken Meal $14
They serve Kool-Aid in mason jars which is fantastic and #8 Betty Boop is my favorite.
Im shocked I haven't reviewed this place yet (Shame on me).

Ok first off....Jar of Drank....yes its on the menu that way, yes its a mason canning jar, yes they put fricken KOOLAID IN IT! HECK YES!

The waffles are amazing I believe they have a bit of cinnamon in them and the friend chicken is goodness in your mouth.

I have also had the lemon-aid (also awesome), and the Mac in cheese is to die for. 

There staff is amazing it really feels like you are down home around your Mom's table. I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the valley to give it a shot. The one thing I have not tried is the Red Velvet Cake. I am dying to try it but I am always amazingly over full when I am done with my meal here.

Great portions, great food, great service...and did I mention Koolaid?
Fantastic!  Great waffles, excellent chicken and the best Red Velvet Cake EVER!  Our server, Shanae, was superb, but the whole team was friendly and helpful.
im not a hater in any way, shape, or form...

im just sayin, i kinda grew up with chicken and waffles since i was a kid...plenty of spots in Oakland for some quality chicken and waffles...

ive had much better elsewhere...

kinda reminded me of the hype of when i went to go have chicken and waffles at Roscoe's in L.A....after having it, i wasnt impressed either.

the chicken itself was cooked perfectly...the batter wasnt all that great...

crispy? yes.

needed more salt and other flavors...i mean, when you get chicken and waffles, its a play on sweet and savory, right?  flavors gotta be poppin off in your mouth, but the flavors just wasnt there for me...might have been an off day or something...

very friendly staff tho...
Easily some of the best fried chicken I've ever had. I ordered the #3, which gives you three pieces of assorted chicken that you can custom order. It also comes with a short stack of waffles. I was hesitant at first, but could all of these other reviews be wrong? Nope! Chicken and waffles together is a fantastic mix. The salt and grease from the chicken complements the sweet, but not too sweet, syrup and moist waffles. 

Of course, how can I forget the "blue" Kool-Aid in the mason jar. I was hyper for the next 2 hours from all of the sugar. The hostess was really nice and the atmosphere was friendly and casual. The layout is like a diner, with your regular tables and bar seating. ESPN and the news was turned on lightly in the background while they played old school R&B jams that brought me back. I got a kick out of the menu and the titles for some of the dishes like Phat Boy and DVZ's Hot Ghetto Mess!

Tips for leftovers: Bake your leftover chicken at 350 degrees for about 7 minutes, depending on the size. It comes out a lot better than microwaving, IMO. But, go ahead and microwave those waffles - they still taste ok a day or two later.
So amazingly delicious.  Every time I go there I have to get the, of course, chicken and waffles!!  And my boyfriend and I share a side of home fries which are just, the potatoes are crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside, and seasoned to perfection!  Someday I will branch out and try their other menu items, I'm sure you can't go wrong no matter what you order here!

Pro tip:  Make sure you bring your appetite!
had  a waffle and eggs and the waffle was very heavy and doughy.
Wow.  For a place that is known for fried chicken and waffles, I expected better.  Maybe I came at the wrong time?  But they weren't making the fried chicken to order, even though it wasn't busy.  I sat at the counter in front of the kitchen and saw the giant sheet tray full of pre-cooked chicken.  So, as expected, it had been sitting there awhile and was dry, dry, dry.  The waffle wasn't even that good, even though that was fresh.  Seriously don't understand what the hell everyone is thinking by going to this place.  KFC has better fried chicken than here - at least it's juicy.
On point! Chicken cooked perfectly - crispy and juicy, waffle done well, kool aid on tap, and awesome Mac and Cheese. 1st place I've been where the Mac and cheese was actually good. Stays creamy and has a lot of flavor. Definitely coming back! You gotta try it!
Oh Yum, oh yum, ooohh yummm : )
I've never tasted better homecooked fried chicken at a restaurant. and chicken with waffles... umm, you're kidding! The cornbread was on point too. Actually, my only issue was how much calories dat meal was packing! Let's forget bout the big splodge of butter on top my waffle that i mistakenly dived into thinking it was vanilla icecream..
Food=4.5 stars 
Location=2

I had been to the original location (pre-expansion) quite a few times, but this was my first try at the Scottsdale location.  It was CRAZY packed.  I tried going at 2pm on a Sunday, and there was not a single empty table...anywhere.  We were seated after a 30 minute wait, but we were so cramped that the whole experience was lackluster.  I will take the original location any day over the Scottsdale location.
I just moved to Mesa, so, being a fan of fried chicken - I asked around.  "Who makes the best fried chicken in the Phoenix area?", I asked, and the answer came back - "Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles".  Off I went to Scottsdale expecting fried chicken apotheosis.  Alas, I was disappointed.

I don't want to be too hard on Lo-Lo's.  There were some very bright points to the dining experience.  For example, despite the restaurant being very busy on a Friday night, the hostess was lovely and polite and seated me very promptly.  The service in general was excellent.  My server (Mike) was efficient, courteous, and attentive and my order was prepared and delivered very quickly.  I would rate the overall service at 5 stars for this genre of restaurant.

I ordered the soul food platter with an extra piece of chicken, collard greens, and beans and rice - it also comes with a generous cornbread muffin.  The greens were pretty good - a little heavy on the salt, but had a great texture and very smooth overall flavor.  The beans and rice, unfortunately, were uninspired - nothing really wrong with them, but it was a flavor that you can easily get in a can - flat, with no appreciable depth or complexity.  I needed to dump a bunch of hot sauce on them just to make them palatable.  The cornbread had a decent flavor - not terribly sweet or too bland - sort of right in the middle - but the texture left a lot to be desired.  Cornbread should be dense and firm, but still moist and delicious.  This cornbread was somewhat dry and granular.  Again - not horrible, but nothing special.

For me, though, it's all about the chicken.  Unfortunately that's where Lo-Lo's really fell down.  The fried chicken that they served me was a bit soggy (as if it had been sitting in a bin for a while), overcooked (especially noticeable in the dryness of the breast piece) and definitely under-seasoned.  The chicken meat was composed of average sized cuts of mediocre quality, somewhat fatty, bland chicken - very much akin to what you get at any reasonable supermarket deli for $5 for 8 pieces these days.  The breading was oily and not very tasty (again under-seasoned).  Although it broke my heart to do so, I just stripped the skin and breading off of my chicken and left most of it on the plate.  My low-water mark for acceptable fried chicken is KFC.  With all of its flaws, at least it's usually tasty.  What Lo-Lo's served me didn't raise the bar on KFC at all.

The price is nothing to brag about either.  I went in alone, only had iced tea to drink, no dessert, and my bill came to $22 and change.  That could buy a lot of fried chicken at KFC. :)

If I were rating the food alone, I'd have to go with 2 stars.  The service brought it up a whole notch, hence the 3 star rating.  As for great fried chicken in Phoenix. . .  well, I'll just have to keep looking.
Finally made it out.  Tried Mrs. White's one day, and then here the next day.  It was interesting contrasting what mother and son do differently, which is basically everything.

First off, this is a modern, chain-type restaurant.  I'd mistakenly thought it was more of a fast food place where you order and pick up yourself, but was disappointed to learn it's waitered.  It's expensive enough as is and I didn't really appreciate having to tip on top of that, but it does keep a lot more people employed.

Service was extremely cordial and friendly and employees seem to be having a great time at work, which is a treasure to find.  I think I saw LoLo himself (lol) counting his cash at the register, and he sho 'nuf looks happy as all get out so I guess he's doing well for himself.  The t-shirts are great.  The ambiance works much better than Mrs White's, where you feel more like you're in a soup kitchen for the homeless.

The food?  Well, the mac and cheese was heavenly - that had to be Velveeta, it was so creamy and thick.  My heart almost stopped for two reasons: the taste AND the cholesterol.  I opted for chicken tenders instead of the fried because I didn't feel like dealing with the bones.  So, 3 tenders and a very thin waffle for 12 bucks means I won't be back soon.  Too bad, too, because it's fun and good.  The menu has so many options, it took me a good 10 minutes to decide what to order.  There's so many other things I'd like to try - perhaps down the line, the next time I visit AZ.

I can think of some better fried chicken here in SoCal but I still say give this a shot.  You may end up loving it.
Insanely good chicken. Salty but not too salty. Crisp but not too crisp. Juicy (there is no such thing as too juicy). The proprietor and staff are always so nice and the food comes quick. Absolutely no complaints, and I have been here A) A few times (what I'd tell my doctor or other half) B) Like every week for the past two years. Old reliable. And good for you, too!
two perfectly breaded and fried drumsticks, a vanilla waffle covered in maple syrup, the creamiest mac and cheese ever, fried okra, and a huge hunk of corn bread. yes, my extremely large ass ate all of that and i don't regret it for a second. 

this place is fantastic! the menu is full of all the favorites that my grandmother used to make me as a kid such as red beans, rice and gravy, cheese grits, fried okra, and any part of the chicken you want fried. you really can't go wrong. this place has something for everyone unless you're on some type of ungodly diet that doesn't allow you to have an epic cheat day.

this location is decently sized but can fill up in a heartbeat. be prepared to wait about 30 - 45 minutes for a table. it might be a little long but its totally worth it. i also recommend trying out the many flavors of kool aid or the lemonade. delicious. 

for me, lolo's is a once a year type of thing because honestly, i couldn't imagine eating this on the regular and still fitting into pants that dont have an elastic waist band.
This place is overrated. I don't understand why people like this so much. My server got our order wrong, and charged us for the food he brought by mistake. Terrible service. I will not go back again. The chicken is on par with Church's and Popeye's at best.
This place is so delicious!!  I've never even heard of eating chicken and waffles on the same plate, until this place opened up in my neighborhood.  It kind of reminds me of Thanksgiving dinner-with a lot of sweets and meat in the same mouthful!!  I wish it was a little less expensive, since I can make chicken and waffles at home for a fraction of the price, but I have to admit.... my homemade chicken and waffles could never be  NEARLY as delicious as Lo-Lo's.  ;D
So, I had #10: Tre-Tre - 2 drumsticks & waffle with a side of Fries. First let me say I been to the one In Phoenix a few times and this was my first time at the Scottsdale location and the Phoenix location I was not impressed at all you could tell the oil needed to be changed each time I went. Now on to the Scottsdale location, I was Very impressed food came out hot good flavor fresh. The atmosphere was nice, The service was just ok took them awhile to take our order and come back for refills but over all it was a good meal.
Awesome food great service!!
well I am back again and I cant stop not coming to this place! To review, I love the ambiance of this place, the warmth provided by the people here and ofc the food. I got my veggie platter again with the 4 dishes being Fried Okra, Mac & cheese, 2 Eggs/Cheese & Onions and I cant remember what else but I remember feeling amazing bout it :) Oh wait did i eat waffles, ah well I cant remember. I think I should stop eating the sides and eat something else for a change next time, like the salad maybe. ah well to the next time then!
Heart-stoppingly good!  Load up on your Lipitor, check your blood sugar level at the door, and sit down for some Southern style good eats.  We had various sides to go with our fried chicken, such as buttered grits, waffles, collard greens, and beans with rice.

The fried chicken had a salty, crispy, peppery crust with tender, juicy chicken.  I had a 3 piece platter which included a wing, breast, and thigh.  The chicken tasted great with the waffles in maple syrup and butter.  The collard greens were tender, with good smokey flavor and a hint of bitterness from the natural flavor of the greens.  The red beans and rice were decent, and the buttered grits were also decent.

As for drinks, I opted to wash my meal down with some sweet tea ($3).  The tea is very sweet and concentrated, but was tasty nonetheless.  Since it was so sweet, I could only take a few sips of it throughout the meal.  I also tried some red Kool-Aid, which was equally as potent.  If you like strong flavored drinks, this is your place!

Service was very friendly.  It was fairly busy on a Friday night and we had a little bit of a wait, but we didn't mind since it gave us time to look over the menu.  

If I ever have room in my stomach for more food after my main course, I'd definitely like to try some of their delicious desserts!
I can't believe I haven't updated my review!

Lo Lo's I had been craving you!!!!! Ever since I had a bite of your fried chicken I have been hooked, and I don't even like fried chicken!!! 

The combination of your fried chicken and waffle just can't be met anywhere else, I even have to say I like I like you more than that Roscoes down in LA, ooooowwwwweeeee just can't get enough!

I ordered the #8, the betty boop, which is a waffle and fried breast, and omg its still has good as the 1st time I tried you, I swear I will try other numbers, but when you already had perfection its hard looking for something else!

The Kool Aid is still on point, cold & in a jar, love that stuff!

This time I did try the mac & cheese which was perfectly cooked and just the right about of cheeseyness to it. 

Thank you Lo Los for yet another perfect meal!  Oh and ladies,,,let me tell you EYE CANDY forsure!
Believe it or not this was my 1st time at Lo-Lo's, and it will certainly not be my last! You have not tasted chicken until you've tasted their's, makes you want to slap your Mama and lick your fingers! I had to try the "toy-toy" the name peaked my interest, although Keenan was very smooth at assisting with the menu and got me to add a bowl of Mac-N-Cheese, melt in your mouth goodness! I got distracted and somehow forgot about my intollerance to waffles(sad I know) which came with my order so I made a trade with my friend and ate her Mac-N-Cheese too, topped it with Lo-Lo's very own hot sauce, I would  have loved to take a gallon of it home with me!
I almost forgot that I don't like eating messy food in public, had to resist the urge to gnaw on the bone like an happy puppy! 
It's true what they say, you never forget your first time! I'm definitely looking forward to going back for more!
Great food!!!
Lo-Lo's was decent. After hearing tons of friends rave about it, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try. 

Just as a FYI, if you're planning on making a stop to Lo-Lo's, be prepared to wait at least 25-30 minutes if you're going on a weekend before 3 pm. But the wait really wasn't that bad.

The service was a little odd. There were several people that were serving us at once. One girl took our drinks, the other took our order, and two others brought us our food-- separately. Understandable considering the high volume nature of the restaurant, but still a little confusing. 

Anyhow, we got out drinks which were delicious. We both got blue Kool Aid mixed with Sierra Mist, as a recommendation of the girl who took our drink order. It was really good and a new twist compared to the Diet Coke that my boyfriend and I always order at other places. 

The food was decent. I got a #7 Toy-Toy with a side of mac and cheese and he got the #3 Lo-Lo's. the first thing to come out was the Mac and cheese. It was pretty good, and seemed to have tiny bits of what seemed to be mushrooms in it which gave it an interesting twist (but I may be wrong!!). Then came the Lo-Los and then the Toy-Toy. They were all pretty decent. The chicken was crispy on the outside but juicy on the inside, however the overall quality was just okay. It was somewhat similar to what you'd get from a Safeway deli. The waffles were pretty good, but were very heavy and hearty and made the meal difficult to finish. 

Service was weird and not consistent, but wasn't notable in a bad or a good way. 

Maybe I'm not a chicken and waffles type of girl, but Lo Lo's was just pretty decent, not great not horrible- just good. I would go back, just not frequently
Missed the chicken & waffles experience when I lived in the South, so thought I'd try it here.  Scottsdale location's interior was equivalent to places I'd visited in Dixie, so that was a plus.  Portions are huge--I left stuffed.  Fried chicken was very, very good--probably some of the best in Phoenix.  Waffles were OK--not pancake house or diner-style--more of the deep South version--sweet and cinnamony but soggy throughout.  Everything tasted great.  Service was really mediocre.  Waitress was clearly new or in training and not very focused.  There was a gent who was somewhat "supervising" her and, in some cases, doing her job for her.  Wished he had accommodated us--but no such luck.  Not too long of a wait on a Sunday morning--which leads me to my next point--for the entire 1.5 hours we were there they were not playing music; they were blaring a Southern gospel-choir church / revival / worship session over the stereo.  Not saying that this was bothersome from a religious standpoint; having lived in the South I've been to some of these church events and they are great.  When they are done, the folks all go out and eat and if someone is playing they are playing MUSIC!  They don't drown out their eating time with more and more church items.  Not sure if this is just a Sunday morning ritual at LoLos, but I wasn't there as a substitute for church and listening to this for all that time was really pretty grating.  Don't think I'll go back--but it was a decent dining experience!
Who ever heard of putting mushrooms in mac and cheese?! They did, and it works - my mushroom hating husband finished his entire side of it! 
This was a first-time for me with eating chicken and waffles together, and it was wonderful! Their waffles are really good with a hint of vanilla and the chicken is fried perfectly. They also make the best sweet tea I've had in Arizona - as close to North Carolina's as I've had in the Southwest! Get the "Betty Boop" you can't go wrong! :)
Holy smokes ~ what can I say?! 

AWESOME food & AWESOME music. How can you not feel insane amounts of joy when there is a huge plate of hot, crunchy, fried chicken in front of you, a big jar of bright Kool-Aid by your side, and  Montell Jordan singing in the background?! I am in love ~~~~ 

Besides the food being so great, what I like about this place is the service and the people. The people that work there are so friendly and full of smiles. Everyone eating there is also so happy and enjoying themselves - it's just a great place to relax and enjoy yourself with good people and great food :)
If this place came to California.... Roscoes would go out of business!!!! EVERYTHING was good.
The place was packed and the only available spot was at the counter.  My wife and I had the Famous Soulfood platter which comes with cornbread. My two sides was the Mac & Cheese and waffle; my wife on the otherhand had Mac & Cheese with Collard greens.

The employees were all very helpful and attentive even though the place crowded.
The lemonade was served in quart size Mason jars and was really sweet. Maybe they forgot to stir the sugar when it was added. Just have to wait for the ice to melt.

When we got our order the Mac & Cheese was overcooked and the waffle was okay 'cause I like mind crispy. A couple of minutes more would have been perfect. My wife loved the Collard greens and the Southern Fried Chicken was out of this world. The breast I had was huge. I managed to eat most of the Mac and Cheese, waffle and cornbread. It was a LOT of food.

I'm going to try this place again during the week when the place is much calmer, if it ever is.
This is a review that has been in the making for quite some time.  This review is for the THIS location.  This is a 3.5 Star review, but I can't give them a 3.

I will cut to the chase and save most of my comments for the Phoenix/Original location.  LoLo's is down right good chicken and great waffles.

This location seems to not be as busy as the flagship location in downtown.  But, please don't think that means that this location is not busy.  At lunch time, if you arrive before noon or after 1:30, you will stand your best chance to be seated right away.  On the weekends, fa'git about it, you'll wait.  its worth it. 

I order the exact same thing Every time I go.  I rarely change my order.  I order a Tre Tre with blue koolaid.  When I first started going, they didn't have the blue koolaid, so I ordered the red koolaid.  On a couple of occasions, I was feeling snazzy, so I ordered the Toy Toy.  The Tre  Tre is similar to the Toy Toy.  Both have 2 pieces of chicken and a waffle.  Tre Tre - Drumsticks.  Toy Toy - Wings.  The chicken is hot and crispy.  I have had it a time or two and thought that perhaps it had been cooked and sitting in a warmer too long.  The waffles are extremely good.  I enjoy putting a little of the butter and a lot of the syrup on mine and eating my waffle from the inside out!  YUMMY!   I haven't had much else on the menu, but I've sampled the plates of folks I've been with and their food was good.  I was in there a couple of weeks ago and I see that they have added several new items to the menu.  I want to try the shrimp and grits.

The thing about this location that I like is that the service is always friendly and prompt.  This is the only place in Phoenix for chicken and waffles.  I love being waited on by a couple of guys that work there.  they are twins.  Mr C and Mr D (if I recall correctly).  Those are some nice fellas.

I have tried their Red Velvet Cake and I was somewhat surprised to find that it was a decent contender for what I would call a good Red Velvet Cake.  It doesn't rival my 1st and 2nd favorite RVC's in phoenix.  The texture of this cake is exactly moist enough and the cream cheese icing tastes creamy and sweet.  The one thing their RVC is missing is the taste of the cake.  The hint of the chocolate is not there.  I DO NOT like the raw nuts on the cake, but I can eat around that.  

All in all, LoLo's is the "only" spot to get  chicken and waffles in Phoenix.
I love Lo Lo's but I love it for reasons other than the chicken.   I love their chicken, don't get me wrong, but I go for the cornbread and the veggies.  I'm from the South, and the combination of chicken and waffles isn't as odd as it might seem to people from other parts of the country.  This is a southern staple, and suprisingly good.  However, it's the collards, fried okra and candied sweets with cornbread that get my attention.  It's hard to find any place here in the Valley that serves collard greens -- or greens of any kind -- much less collard greens done really well.  Add a little tabasco vinegar, and you're ready to rock.  Couple the veggies with a huge hunk of cornbread slathered in butter, and your meal is complete.  

I've also enjoyed their fish and chips.  Catfish is my favorite, but the other fish is also very good.  I'd really love it if they added fried chicken livers to the menu, but in the meantime, I happily order the chicken, which is southern style and delicious.  

The wait can be daunting on weekends, so be prepared to wait if you get there for breakfast or lunch.  The place is less crowded in the evening.  When it's slammed, it can be a while before you get served, but the staff is friendly, and helpful.
The stupid fries are stupidly good! How can you go wrong with fries topped with chunks of chicken, gravy, cheese, peppers and onions? We came in for a late lunch one saturday and the wait was minimal. I had the Phat Boy. It came with 2 eggs, grits, a biscuit and choice of meat. I had turkey bacon and added a side of gravy for my biscuit. Everything was excellent. Their gravy isnt the typical white gravy I am used to seeing at breakfast but its very tasty and has a kick to it. My other half got some kind of breakfast "samich" and he loved his as well. The only down side to our meal was that we waited a long time for it. Then our waiter forgot our stupid fries and we had to ask for them. When they finally came- AFTER our meal, we were going to send them back but got seduced into "just trying" them, which turned quickly into "eating half" of them. Damn you stupid fries! We left happy, overfull, and ready to start trying to walk off some of the damage we just did.
The chicken pieces were very small and the batter no better than Church's imo.  The waffles were more like pancakes with maybe nutmeg and cinnamon; I'm guessing.  I have had so much better that I can't take this place seriously.  There are better places in town so I'd ship this one folks and save the $15.
Just as delicious as all the hype warrants, and impeccably clean. This is hangover food at its finest. Played hookey from work and came here with a rager of a headache, like a crippling debilitating hangover. Lo-Lo's put the kibosh on that noise real fast. The fried chicken is succulent and moist, the skin has the perfect texture of crunch and a savory spiced coating. Their signature homemade hot sauce is just the right accompaniment to the fried chicken and must needs be slathered all over the fried bird, leaving you, your table, and your face a hot mess. Again I have to reinforce how clean and tidy the place was, you'd think there would be grease and chicken bits all strewn about as hungry patrons devour their selections of fried chix but nuh-uh, spotless. Service was fast and friendly to boot. I have to mention that the waffles, while not anything especially great, were certainly not bad either, piping hot and fluffy, with a fat glob of butter and saccharinely sweet syrup they are what a decent waffle should be.
I didnt get to try their famous red velvet cake, but hey, that's reason enough to come back for me.
Went there at 10 am, not crowded, we were greeted nicely, the staff was great & very "nurturing" when they found out we were 1st timers. Lets get right to the food!
RED DRANK (fruitkoolaid) wow, Im a guy who usually drinks lightly sweetened tea so this was a shock LOL  mucho koolaid packets + mucho sugar!  CHICKEN- done right! not greasy, just perfect! GREENS- honestly the best ive had MAC-N-CHEESE OMG i had high hopes, and they exceeded them! as a corn bread hater I even liked the cb muffin. WAFFLES- awesome also. NO WEAK LINKS HERE!
We plan on taking all the family when they come to town!
THE ONLY CON- didnt have a "hood rich" shirt in my size!
Thought I'd write a review because I've been here more than 45 minutes waiting for my takeout order. 

This place is as poorly run as it comes. Overpriced. Good food, but very disappointed that it's taken 90 minutes to fulfill a take out order.

You don't mess with a man and his food. Especially when it's chicken n' waffles.
Ive been to it all. Anyplace that sells chicken and waffles, even the famous one on TV. THIS IS THE BEST CHICKEN AND WAFFLE PLACE on the west coast. Hands down.

1) Best seasoned fried chicken
2) Best flavored waffle. Slight taste of cinnamon, crisp edges.
Put this together with some syrup and you got heaven on a fork!
3) Best Mac and Cheese - not gooey and smothered in cheese. Nice firm texture
4) BEST CORN BREAD - besides some of the homemade cornbreads I've had, they make a bomb as cornbread perfect with a little butter on top. 
5) Cornmeal breaded catfish, I never pass up on this. If I dont get one in my meal I definitely order it on the side
6)You have to try the CHYNA'S HONEY HOTS. My god, no one makes sweet hot wings like this. Ugh, makes my mouth water. 
7) Kool-aid..... need I say more. Red blue and purple are the flavors. They make it perfectly sweet. 

They recently got some new stuff on their menu that I haven't gotten to. But the items above have always been on their menu and I always order them. Its a must. 

Check out the original location in downtown phoenix. I think the chicken at the downtown spot is a little more better than the scottsdale location but I'm not buggin. Its just a lot smaller than the scottsdale location.
Very good but a little too salty for me.  The fried chicken was great!
fried chicken.
waffles.
kool aid.

what else are you waiting for? Go! Now!
gooood tasting chicken mac & cheese was soo tasty
Went in for the first and last time on Saturday night.   The chicken was burnt with pools of grease on top.  It seemed as though they had already cooked chicken and redipped in the fryer to warm.  The sweet tea was stomach churningly sweet.  The service was inattentive.  At the end of our meal a man took our card went outside and chatted with another table, we were in a hurry and had to ask another person to go find out what was going on.  The place was clean and the workers were friendly, but what I really want  from a restaurant is good food, and this place lacks.
Excellent fried chicken and waffles. Server very friendly and good.
Been here several times. Always good food. Every time I've been here it's been a long wait but that's because I usually go on Sundays and its very popular
I've been to Roscoes' and now I've been to Lo-Lo's. Let's compare.

Location::::::
Roscoes' are typically found downtown LA or in a ghetto. This Lo-Lo's is found in a Phoenix Suburb. Edge: Lo-Lo's.

Parking::::::
I've been to three Roscoes' and the parking situation is always a dinky little parking lot and/or metered parking. This Lo-Lo's is found in plaza with an Albertsons'. Edge: Lo-Lo's. 

Wait time::::::: 
The only time I have ever waited at a Roscoes' is when I had a party of 12. The wait at Lo-Lo's had a wait time of over 40 minutes at 10 AM. After waiting more than 40 minutes, we were finally seated. Edge; Roscoes'

Service::::::
Roscoes' servers take your order quickly and you get your food extremely quickly as well. Our server at Lo-Lo's seemed nice at first and took our order quickly. But that is when things went south. I order a "KK's" and a Sweet Iced tea. It took 20 minutes to get my sweet tea and 30 minutes to get our food. In the mean time, I watched an empty table get occupied by two people, their orders taken and food served within a span of 10 minutes.  All before I got my tea. WTF!? Edge: Roscoes'

Waffle:::::
Have you ever had Eggos? If you have, you know no amount of butter and/or syrup will make it special. Enter Lolo's waffles which were essentially plate sized Eggos with no flavor. I only ate one out of two of my waffles... and I LOVE waffles. Roscoes' waffles are just better. I don't know how they make it and what they put in it... but Roscoes' famous waffles just melt in your mouth. Edge: Roscoes'

Chicken:::::::::
The chicken at Roscoes' is terribly dry EVERY time I get it, no matter white or dark meat. This was the best part of Lo-Lo's. The chicken was juicy and the breading was seasoned well. Next time I go I would probably just order the chicken. Edge: Lo-Lo's

Sides: ::::::
I had the grits and eggs with my "KK's" platter. They were definitely "authentic" because I felt awful after I ate them. Grits drowning in butter and eggs drowning in cheese? Edge: Even

Menu/Prices:::::::
Expect roughly the same price and menu under different names. You're going to have the same plates: the one wing and one waffle, two wings and two waffles with a side, etc. etc. I would say the prices are within a dollar of each other. But they have Kool-aid at Lo-Lo's. I haven't have Kool-aid since I was a kid and I don't plan on every having any in my life again. But they're pretty pound of the fact that they have it on tap. Edge: Even

Portion size:::::::::
I typically finish my food at Roscoes' and I'm completely suffered. I ate half of my "KK's" and I was dying. Heart-wise AND stomach-wise.  I literally couldn't eat any more. The portion size at Lo-Lo's is so ridiculous you could literally split any of the major combos with another person and still be full. My "KK's" lasted me from about 11 AM all the way until 9 PM at night. Edge: Lo-Lo's

Conclusion:::::::::

1) Why did I bring another establishment into my review of Lo-Lo's? Because you cannot possibly deem something the best ever if it's all you've ever had. 

2) Some places are worth the ridiculous waits and hype. I don't believe this place is. 

3) As far as chicken and waffles are concerned, this place is your average joint at best. 

4) At first I thought this place was favoring Giants' fans over Dodgers' fans but then I realized the staff was making both groups wait equally long. Which either means, their service is just bad overall or they would rather tend to locals than the tourists who will flood the town every March. Not a good way to do business.

5) If you insist on eating here, go as a group of two. You get seated WAY faster and served WAY faster.
Huge fan of chicken and waffles.  Been staying in the area for a bit and saw the countless reviews on Yelp about Lo-Lo's.  I have to say reading the reviews and looking at the pictures got me salivating and I knew I had to check this place out.  OMG.  If you haven't been, you have to go.  So friggin good.  Thought I would choose a lighter option for my first attempt and went for the betty boop, which is a waffle and chicken breast.  Ordered some collard greens on the side to have a vegetable.  The southern fried chicken was spot on perfect.  The waffle unbelievable.  Smothered it in butter and syrup.  I'm getting hungry again just writing this review!  I have had collard greens but none as good as these anywhere.  They were so tasty and good I could have just made a meal of them.  I can not wait to go again and try more things from their menu.
There were some staff members that were very friendly and that is the only reason I didn't give this place 1 star. Other than that, the waffle was bland, the fried chicken was mediocre at best. They also didn't return my card with the bill which led me to forget it at the restaurant. When I returned to get my card, the cashier popped open the register and lifted up the cash drawer to find my card with about 15 other credit cards and said "wow, a lot of people have left there cards here today!"  ...Or...  Maybe there were a lot of people whose cards didn't get returned because your staff is all over the place.

Roscoe's needs to come to Arizona and put a stop to these shenanigans.
This is one of the reasons why I visit Phoenix! I have at least stop by here to eat once at every visit. That's how amazing this place is! The environment here really reminds me of people from the south east coast and so do the people. They have that attitude and personality which is really interesting and cool for me to see since I've mostly all my life with on the west coast. So to see a change of personality of someone who is from the other side of the country is a thrill. To start off your drinks are brought to you in a jar which really keeps to the south eastern style and I ordered myself some good ol koolaid which I haven't drank since I was a kid! Then I ordered a 2 piece chicken piece fried Louisiana style with waffles and a side of fried catfish. They taste BOMB! The chicken is still juicy and not all dried out along with a little kick of spice and mixing that with the waffle and syrup is just a great combo. I know to some western people that sounds weird and funny but until you try it, you can't really judge lol. The fried catfish was also amazing. It really hit the spot and during the whole time I can't even socialize with my friends since I'm too busy digging into this delicious meal!!
Love this place. I have only been here one time and it is awesome. The chicken had a little bit too much fat under the friend skin but that was beside me. The waffle was amaaaazing it had almost like a cinnamon-y taste to it. The waffle had a huge glob of butter on it which was not too pleasing to me since I am not a huge fan of butter but taking it off and putting it to the side of my plate was no problem at all. The kool-aid in the mason jars are super cute and unique and I definitely want to go back to try all of the other kool-aid flavors.
The Chicken and Waffles really hit the spot.  A great place to go to with generous portions and plenty of coffee.  The service was pretty good too.
I've been here several times and I'll start by saying that the food is great.  It's the only thing that makes it worth it...

However, some of their rules are annoying.  First, they wouldn't seat a table of 7 when 6 people were there and the 7th is almost there.  "The whole party needs to be in the restaurant.  Rules are rules" the hostess says.  That's ridiculous, rules are not absolute and this one should be taken on a case by case basis.

Then, the server tells us you can't do food substitutions and you can't split checks on a party 6 or more.  Lazy.

You can have it your way at Burger King but apparently not at LoLo's.
Best PhatAss Chicken Sammich eva! Kool-Aid on tap. I rave about this place, definitely in my top must eats
Had a really great lunch here.  The place was really busy, but service was still pretty fast.  The food portions are GIGANTIC and you can't leave this place hungry.  Prices are in line with the quality and huge portions.

The fried chicken is excellent, as was the cheese and grits.
Great food! I would have given a 5 stars but the table, chairs, bathroom and one of our cool aid mugs was dirty. I will still come to this place though.
Really good food here. Excellent Fried Chicken and Collards. The corn bread rocks too. Lovely friendly owners. The food comes out fast. Be clear and ask for white meat if you want it. For the price of a 3pc meal, I feel that at least one piece of white meat should be included. Its hit and miss here. Some days yes some days no. So ask.
4.5 stars. 

I grew up in LA and have never gone to Roscoes (OG chicken and waffles place in Los Angeles).  I like chicken and I like waffles.  Not sure why I never went but one day I will.  Here in AZ we have Lo-Lo's.  Tons of great reviews and an endorsement by Charles Barkley was good enough for me.  A chicken and waffle meal was definitely going to happen on this trip.  This morning it did!

We cruised into the place around 10:00am and there were a couple of people already grubbing down.  We were greeted by a nice gentlemen named Carl.  He told us to grab a seat wherever we wanted and that he would be over in a minute.  He cruised by and got us started with our drinks.  I ordered myself a Red Kool Aid..my wife got water.  Carl brought back our drinks in these huge mason jars.  I was impressed.  They freaking have Kool Aid on tap here.  How cool is that?  I started to drink my "Red Drank"...it was delicious!  Super duper sweet but I am down with that.  It was refreshing.  Haven't had Kool Aid that good since my grandma used to make it when I was a kid.  Between Kool Aid and Tang, my grandma knew how to mix up the powdered beverages.  Anyways.......  We placed our order with Carl soon after.  My wife and I both decided to get the Number 5...the Sheedahs Special.  Its one waffle, one breast and one wing.  We also got a side of collard greens.  Less than 10 minutes later our food was up.  Here is how everything tasted.....................

Waffle-  Large waffle with a huge dollop of butter on top.  It came with a little thing of syrup too.  I noticed right away that the waffle was pretty soft.  I prefer my waffles to have a little crisp when I bite into them and this one did not.  It still was pretty damn good though.  It held the butter and syrup well and I ate the whole thing.  You could sense a hint of cinnamon and something else in it...maybe vanilla?  I couldn't pinpoint it.  It did its job though.

Fried Chicken-  I got hooked up because my wife gave me her wing so I had 2 wings and a breast.  The coating is a light breading.  The chicken was perfectly cooked, crunchy outside, moist inside.  It was some damn good chicken!  By far the best part of the meal.

Collard Greens-  These were just alright.  I've only had them once or twice before and unfortunately I liked them better the previous times.  I tried to power through most of these but left some uneaten.  I would not get them again.

Overall this place was great!  Carl provided great service and was genuinely friendly and cared about what we thought of the food.  He was on top of everything and made our meal enjoyable.  It was damn near perfect!  A little crunch/crisp on the waffle and we have ourselves a perfect meal.  The chicken was on point and the Kool Aid was great.  I will definitely be back on future visits to AZ!
Pretty much the only soul food in the stucco landscape of Scottsdale. The service and food is spot on for all things southern. Red velvet cake and grape koolaid are available here too. If you want some serious southern food, head to Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe (Lolo's grandma is Mrs. White). Love the pork chops and black eye peas! Both of these places are a local treasure!
Grew up in L.A. Been to Roscoe's a ton of times and had more than my share of Chicken and Waffles. I've been to LoLo's several times and will go back again for sure. Best I've had in AZ for sure!

 Chicken is excellent, collars greens are top notch, corn bread is phenominal and anywhere with Kool-Aid ON TAP deserves a visit! Very, very good overall...but it could easily be AMAZING!

I wanted sooooooo badly to give this place 5 stars...I am a soul food junkie!!! But I just couldn't do it. Food quality is great and the staff is friendly...but the prices are pretty high. With just myself and my 8y/o son:$45+. 

Also, I was sadly disappointed with the waffles. They are flat and often come out luke-warm. A "Chicken and WAFFLES" spot should not have that problem. Last but not least, the Mac'N'Cheese was bland and average at best. 

As I said, LoLo's deserve a visit for sure...great grub without a doubt! Just bring your wallet.
A bit over-hyped but very tasty! The chicken is fantastic and I love the selection of cool-aid. Waffles are the thin type. Very good. Service isn't great when it's packed though, the waitresses get rude when they are pressured. So go during the off-times!
Surprised on why this place is rated so high.  We had the betty boop and the biscuits and gravy.  The things I liked about the dish weren't even the main stars.  My side of bacon was cooked perfectly.  The chicken and waffles...ok.  Biscuits and gravy...ok.  I got some scrambled eggs and those were cooked perfectly.  Guess I'll go back for eggs and bacon!
Thank God this place is not closer to our home.  That would be dangerous to our health.  Chicken is fried to perfection....crispy on the outside and moist on the inside.  The same is true of the waffles.  Great food at at great price.
I met Lo-Lo for the first time this weekend and boy was she beautiful. I can't stop thinking about her golden brown hair and her soft butter lips which tasted ever so sweet. 

It's a shame she lives 5 hours away. She promised to bake me some of her delicious cornbread the next time we meet. Mmmhmm.
Do you like waffles?
Yah we like waffles!

Do you like chicken?
Yah we like chicken!

But this place was uninspiring. I just felt like I could have accomplished the same thing by getting a box of Eggos and some KFC. Didn't live up to the hype at all. The waffles were too mushy and were served to us luke warm. The chicken tasted no better than what you get from the grocery store deli.

Bon apptit!
Lo-Lo's is a nice experience in southern cooking without leaving Phoenix. You can see why everyone raves about the place.

Three of us came here for breakfast last week and really enjoyed ourselves.  The only drawback was that we arrived at 8:15am. Yelp had the opening listed incorrectly as 7 am.  Lo-Lo's  OPENS AT 9 AM! I have posted a updated photo, with the correct times from the front door.

We ordered two coffees and a iced "fruit punch" Kool-Aid for $3.00 each to start. I had the #8 Betty Boop for $8.00. It comes with one piece of southern fried chicken breast, along with a plate covering waffle. It wasn't bad, but mine was a little mushy and didn't stand up well to the syrup. 

As for the chicken, I regret that it was somewhat dry and not juicy. The smashed sides of two sausage paddies for $2.00 was great and it had a nice flavor.  I would come back just for the smashed sausages and Kool-Aid anytime!

My two friends ordered the #14 CJ's, which is one waffle, one egg, and a small bowl of grits for only $6.00 (a steal); and the #11 Kimbo for $7.00, which is two giant waffles. My friend reported that his waffles were cooked longer and they looked golden brown. 

Spending some time in the south, I really miss having Grits. Oatmeal is not the same thing. The Grits at Lo-Lo's are very good. If you have never tried them before, Lo-Lo's would be a good introduction. But skip the cheese on top. The best I've ever enjoyed came with small pieces of bacon in it. Yum! Now, which way is the Mayo Clinic? LOL

Our bill for three including taxes, but before gratuities ran us $34.86. Overall the food and service was very good. I would say Three and Half Stars good, rounding up to Four.
Oh, glory be! I cannot get enough of Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles! I always order the Betty Boop and also usually only order water. I love their sweet tea and Kool-aid, but in an effort to eat there more often without my body wigging out, I try to refrain from overdoing it. I also love the mac and cheese and we often order a side to share. Mm. Highly recommend this location for out of town guests.
Went Saturday morning with the whole family.   Excellent food!  Loved the waffles with pecans, the gizzards and most importantly, the fried chicken!  Server was great very personable and friendly.  Amazed me he took the order from a table of 6, did not write anything down and everything came back as ordered!  Wish they had a location closer to Gilbert.
As usual, the collard greens were hit or miss. And this time was another "miss". Waaayyy too peppery! 

Also as usual, the side dishes for one of the guests in my party didn't come out until after THREE requests for them...and probably 15 minutes after chicken & waffles came out. 

The waffles were underdone. 

Finally, as usual, the service was spotty.
I visit Lo-Lo's not often enough...But it's actually just the right number of times.  You can only eat so many carbs and fried things with sugary drinks every so often.

If you're coming to Lo-Lo's on an evening, especially nearer the weekend, be prepared to wait for your table. It's worth it, but also make sure everyone in your party is going to be there in time. They won't seat you unless your entire party is present.

I usually order the red kool-aid...I don't even know which flavor it is, but recently I've switched over to an Arnold Palmer with unsweetened tea to cut down on the sugar intake.  Can't go wrong with kool-aid though, seriously.

Fried okra is a must- I've recently started dipping it in ranch instead of my usual ketchup and it's delicious. Get the Betty Boop (breast and waffle) or if you don't want to deal with bones and want more meat, get the chicken tenders with the waffle. Pour some hot sauce on your chicken, syrup on your waffle and get one bite with the spicy, crunchy chicken and a bit of sweet, fluffy waffle. A weird combo, but so good! 

Also...GET STUPID FRIES! They sound weird, but they're delicious. Seasoned fries, sauted peppers and onions, chicken, savory gravy- it's like a version of poutine and super filling. Get an order to share!
After being told numerous times that a visit to Lo-Lo's was a must, I ate there for the first time last Saturday.  The restaurant was 3/4er's full at 3:00pm.  We were seated immediately by a very pleasant hostess.

The chicken was good albeit slightly dried out and the waffles were just OK; I've had better (try Perk in Scottsdale).  Of note was that our side order of grits was terrific and some of the best I've had; melt in your mouth good.  My wife loved the sweet tea.

Service was mixed.  Our order was taken promptly.  However, I had ordered a diet drink and after a reminder, the server finally brought it halfway through the meal.  No refills were offered on the water or drinks.  Had to request the check.    

Will give them another opportunity due to the other interesting menu options and the grits.
This place is heaven on Earth. Best fried chicken I have ever had hands down. Also, I've always recieved wonderful customer service from all of the staff at Lo-Lo's. Everyone is always smiling and happy, and I can tell they enjoy working there. Everything I have tried from here is more than delicious! Their mac n' cheese is the bomb. Their corn bread is spongy, sweet and perfect. Buttered corn is good. Smothered potatoes- delicious. The chicken and waffles is to die for. If you have not been here yet, GO NOW! :) I love love love this place, and so do the friends and family I have introduced to it.
One of my favorite spots in the valley. Love the waffles and the cornbread is fantastic. I'm not even a fan of grits, but I order them almost every time I go here. 

The staff is very helpful and friendly. They come and chatted with us and gave us some recommendations. 

Not a big fan of the kool-aid, but other than that, everything I've tried has been great.
Whenever I go down to Arizona to visit my brother I make sure to go to Lo-Lo's!
I'm so glad that he brought me and my mom here, it's delicious.
The chicken has always been crunchy on the outside and warm and moist on the inside. Service depends on who your server is. Once in a while we'll get someone who is inattentive but there I remember a really young bus boy who was really motivated to work. And another server was really prompt and kind. But, they probably do need to work out a system to make it more efficient. A place to indulge in a classic!
OMG!!!!! OMG again!!!!  I found this place on Yelp.  I did a search for breakfast in Scottsdale and found LoLo's!!!  I live in California and I tell you!!! LoLo's BEATS Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles!!!  The portions are big and the chicken parts are of good size.  I ordered the three piece chicken (2 wings 1 leg) 1 waffle, 1 grits and egg and cheese!!  I ate some of my husbands collard greens and was in heaven when we left.  

I want to go back to AZ just to go to LoLo's!!!!
If soul food is what you want then Lo Lo's is definitely the place to go. The down home food and the urban atmosphere are the main attractions. Although, I recommend the Scottsdale location, don't expect an upscale restaurant. You're going to find great food, very basic tables and chairs, decent service and a very relaxed atmosphere.  

LoLo's takes me back to when I was a kid when I used to drink koolaid out of a mayonnaise jar! Yes, they serve Koolaid & other beverages out of big jars! It's great! ;) I've had The Catfish and The Chicken (both fried and the smothered chicken-shamefully) they were both Amazing! I've also had the collard greens, the macaroni and cheese (OMG! So Good!), green bean & red potatoes, sweet potatoes, rice and gravy. I must say Everything I've tried was Amazing!!!! 

If you've never had it ,you must give it a try! Don't be scuured! Lol the crowd is very diverse!  There has been a wait most times I've gone. However, the food is definitely worth the wait! Don't plan on sticking to your diet! I sure couldn't ....but, they do have salads. But, what's the use in going to a soul food restaurant if you Don't Experience The Soul Food?! When you go let me know how it was!
5-Stars for the best Soul Food in the Valley!

I'm from the Deep South (Mississippi), and I've been craving soul food for years, so when a group of friends suggested we eat at Lo Lo's yesterday, I couldn't say no!

The Lo Lo's in Scottsdale is a nice, open restaurant that was VERY crowded at 2PM on Saturday afternoon.  Every group had a wait of at least 20 minutes.  

I had the special which included two pieces of fried chicken - a breast and a wing - a waffle with syrup and I ordered a side of cheese grits.

First, the waffle.  No one at waffles with fried chicken in Mississippi.  I think this soul food extension is an invention of Chicago, though I may be wrong.  The waffle was tasty, but nothing spectacular.  It was aight.

The chicken, though, was by far the best damned fried chicken I've had since I ate at a family-owned Cajun fried chicken place in Gonzales, Louisiana 15 years ago.  It was THAT good.  Generous pieces.  Fried to perfection.

The grits: these were REAL grits.  Not instant.  The good stuff.  The kind that takes a good while to cook.  It was perfect.  Man, I haven't had honest good grits in more than 15 years.  We'll be going back to Lo Los just because of grits if nothing else (though I really want more chicken).

Everyone's drinks came in gigantic glass mayonnaise jars.  Not too many of us needed refills.  A friend ordered fruit punch kool-aid (which they have ON TAP).  I could SMELL his kool aid from across the table.  He sad it was so strong, he probably went home with diabetes.  :D  They don't fool around with their kool-aid.

Service was fantastic.  Our waiter had an awesome shirt that said "Scottsdale, but Hood forever"  lol

We'll be going back as soon as we recover.  :D
I think if I were on death row, I would request Lolo's chicken and waffles and blue Kool aid for my last meal.

I don't come here often. But when I want to indulge in some excellent, crispy and not greasy, fried chicken and a sweet waffle, I run to Lolo's. It's so good. Be prepared to go into a food coma after your meal, so I don't recommend for a work lunch. More Sunday brunch where you can go home after and take a nap :)

Service has always been friendly and our food comes out fast.

My only gripes are that the wait is very long, which wouldn't necessarily be a problem but I feel like it's disorganized. There was a large table open for a while and we didn't understand why we weren't just seated there. The hostess was frazzled and confused.

I also think it's a bit overpriced. I wanted to try the hot wings until I saw that it was $12 for only 6! Really? That should be $7 tops.

And, I don't think the AC was working in the bathroom today. It was like walking into a sauna!

So, gripes aside, I love the food. Period. But I try not to come more than once every 3 months...I think that's how long it takes my body to digest a meal here.
Chicken 5 stars, service 1 star.

Best chicken I've ever had in AZ!  I ordered the Betty Boop, a breast of chicken and a waffle. The waffle, was meh, reminded me of an eggo waffle, and the breast was amazing especially with Lo-Los hot sauce, chicken on the bone!!!

The nicest thing I can say about the service is that it was unusual.  I was with a group of five and we got seated at a table normally fit for four.  We decided to move to a more suitable table.  Our waiter was friendly and took our drink orders. When he dropped off our drinks he lost track of what was diet coke and was dr pepper and had us do a taste test, no big deal, just kind of funny. We received our food quickly.  

We didn't realize it when we went to Lo-Los, but apparently a group of five is considered a "big group", requiring a mandatory 18% tip and Lo-Los would not split our checks separately.  It took approximately 20 minutes after we finished eating to receive our check. We went to the cash register to pay our bill they let us split the bill and put it on 2 cards, unfortunately the cashier charged us for the wrong amount ($20 more than our bill) we informed the cashier of this and she took our cards back and said she credited the amount and charged the correct amount.  So overall I was charged $64 dollars for a piece chicken and a waffle, still waiting for the credit to appear on my bank statement. This place was a little disappointing.
Have you ever had food so good you wish you could just put it in a blender and then had it put in to an IV so you could just have a constant supply of it running through your bloodstream?

I have. It happened at Lolo's. 

I don't use the word "synergy" often, because anyone who does should be punched in the face, but I'm telling you that chicken & waffles equals more than just the sum of their parts. It's basically a religious experience.

Also the chili cheese friends are amazing and the mac n cheese is the most velveeta-y mac n cheese i've ever had.

not only would i recommend friends eat here, but i think it would be morally acceptable to force you friends to eat here. you should be allowed to use any force necessary to make sure friends and loved ones eat here.
This was my first time having chicken and waffles together and I liked the combination very much.  I had the KK which was 3 pcs of southern fried chicken (I had the breast, wing and leg), 2 waffles, grits, 2 eggs with cheese & onions.  I also wanted to try their cornbread so the wife and I ordered one to share.  Oh and got my Drank on with the "red".  The eggs were REALLY good with the cheese & onions.  i could eat a plate of those all day long.  The grits I didn't care for.  Lo-Lo's made the grits the way they ought to be made.  This was my first time having grits in my life (I'm 42) and I didn't care for the texture or all of the butter it comes with.  I know that's how grits are supposed to be made.  This is nothing against Lo-Lo's in this dept. at all.  I'm just not a fan of grits.  The chicken was delicious but I was hoping for a more crispy crunch to the skin but again, I would order their chicken again.  it was flavorful.  The waffle was OK.  I like my waffle crispy and with some malt or vanilla flavor to it, but when you're eating chicken and waffles, the waffle is not supposed to be gourmet.  The corm muffin was AWESOME!!!!  I could 2 or 3 of those with a plate of those cheesy onion eggs and I would be a very happy camper.  Wash that down with some red Drank and you got something going.  The only bad part about breakfast this morning was I didn't have room for their banana pudding that looked amazing,  i guess that gives me a good reason to come back.  And I will...and you should too.

P.S. The service was top notch.  I wish I got the name of the gentleman that waited on us because he was the fantastic.  He took 5 orders, sides and drinks, didn't write any of it down and got all of the orders right and kept our glasses full.  You young man were the bomb diggity.
Went there with the hubby and 3 friends for breakfast yesterday and was very impressed. The restaurant was busy and active and the ambience was very diner-friendly. We had a waiter who was really friendly and a lot of fun, making us laugh and really being social. He really impressed us all with his ability to memorize everyone's orders and not have to write any of it down! He was awesome and we left him a pretty good tip.

Our food was really delicious. Everyone in our party liked what they ordered and one of our friends took the rest of their's home for later. I had the Lil' Jay, which featured a waffle and cheesy eggs and added a chicken breast to my order. Had ice cold Grape Kool Aid with it. My order was absolutely delicious and very tasty! Perfect amount of food for me and I came away feeling satisfied and content. It was a good meal choice to begin the day with and I was still full when I went to the Diamondbacks game later on.

I recommend this restaurant to anyone in search of something different.
This place is so consistent without fail. I come here to have brunch with my fam, before we head back to San Diego. We're here strictly for the fried chicken and waffles. The fried chicken is so delish and always, always, always juicy. I can't complain about this place and can't dock a star for it because we always love dropping by here.

The staff is efficient and friendly. Service for food is pretty quick. But, then again, we're always here when it opens. Gotta love me so LoLos whenever we're in town. I'll even take some to go, thank you very much!
Can I just say Lo-Lo's, you complete me!!
 Seriously love this place! I could probably have chicken and waffles for breakfast, lunch and dinner if my arteries and waistline would allow it! But that's why coming here is a treat, true soul food!
Chicken is full of flavor and moist and sits right on a perfect golden waffle! I`m also a fan of their Red Drank which is so refreshing especially for summer!!
Love me some Lo-Lo's!!
The food and the service are the best! Seriously, the nicest wait staff & the best damn food you'll ever have. They also happen to play my life's soundtrack. Best music ever.
The food here is top notch, don't know where to find better chicken and waffles. I keep coming back, but there's something wrong when I have bad service over half the time.

I don't know what the deal is, but on more than one occasion we've had unpleasant waiters/waitresses. I don't ask for much at restaurants, but reflling water or asking for a couple more minutes to look at the menu should not warrant a skank face. Maybe the serving staff had a bad day... multiple times... during the same week...

Eh, who knows. I guess that makes it a "legitimate" Southern experience, but regions don't excuse poor service. I suggest going for the classic combo, but don't be surprised if things go south from there...
This is the best restaurant in the state . . . maybe the world.

Get the Swate Tay (sweet tea) and the "Lolos" (i think it's #3). The fried catfish is great too. Everything is great. They play gospel music on Sundays yayyuhhh
Just to make sure I didn't hit them on an off day, I tried this place again.  Unfortunately, I just confirmed everything I wrote in the first review.  They're really just not very good.  Sorry Lo-Lo's.
This is my wife's favorite Resturant.  I really like it, but she absolutely loves it!

There is no way that either of us could finish a meal at Lolo's, so we team up on one of these delicious meals. Chicken & Waffles with eggs and grits! What a feast!

I love the kool-aide! Go for the Grape, you will enjoy the ice cold "mason jar" ... It's huge AND you get free refills.

If the food is great (and it is) then the service is even greater... Seriously great attitudes flow is this wonderful eatery!
I am just a old country boy lookin for "Moms" cooking.. I found it here.. I ordered Gizzards. Beel looking for good Gizzards and I found them.. Cut with a fork tender and no Grit... better than "Moms"  WOW!!! great gizzards.  Thanks
First experience was good. Gotta try this one
Incredibly friendly staff and the food was yummy. I like the vibe at the original Lo-Lo's but the staff here make it worth coming here instead. Did not have the same experience at the one downtown with the hostess. She was not the hostess with the mostess. Food great at both locations.
Love this place ! Food is great and on point . Place is very busy and interactive . Good service and I also like how one of the servers could memorize the order without having to write anything Down . Only thing I dnt like is the front desk Hispanic girl. She's not very polite and gave my friend a dirty look  without any reasoning . Just rude .
It is certainly an interesting combination. I thought my friend was joking when he brought up Lo-Lo's, so we went there immediately for proof of life and I ordered a typical chicken/waffle dish. I went to work on it, pretending to be civilized as I mauled the chicken. Feeling like a King of the round table I was rapidly inhaling pancakes. I forgot  whether we were at breakfast or dinner, but either way it hit the spot for both moods. My stomach left slightly confused, perhaps due to a record eating pace. I will definitely be going back here, trying to squeeze in that quarterly visit.
I'm from LA and have had "Chicken & Waffles" at a local, well known chain a number of times.  Let me tell you, LoLo's is the winner hands down.

The service was great & friendly.  Our server was spot on, checking on us just the right amount.

I had the Waffle & Breast.  This breast was a full, meaty, delicious breast.  The waffle,mmmm delish!  The Mac N Cheese: Cheesy and plentiful.

My husband ordered up a Breakfast Combo Plate which included grits.  Large portion, delicious food.

They have 4 Kool-aid flavors on tap!  

LoLo's, come to LA (Inland Empire)!!!
Food was  ok, I mean how can you mess up fried anything, was there tonight on a slow Monday and the service was terrible.  Seated right away, was rushed to order something, food brought out and NEVER asked again if we needed anything else. Not a do need a refill or even asked if we wanted desert. Had to wait around forever to get a togo box. The waiter, who on the receipt said he was the manager, even brought the bill before we were done. Never going to this place again.
last time there...pretty good. greens not as sweet as usual. Chicken and fish wonderful as usual. staff pleasant, prompt and great with re fills. Great sides overall. sweet potatoes, fries, mac and cheese always ummy.
Great customer service and good food
Wow what a waste of my time! I can't believe we waited over 45 minutes for just OVER cooked fried chicken and waffles. After waiting for that amount of time I thought we were for sure getting chicken straight from the deep fryer but when it came out it looks like its been waiting under the heat light for 3 hours or so. The wait staff is horrible, they don't know time management everyone is slow. 

My boyfriend and I will Never go here again and we recommend you don't as well!
this last visit was ok..had the cod..but it was stinky and tough...very disappointed...not as well prepared or same quality as last visit. Greens and other sides are great as usual although they have removed some of the sweetness from the greens. Love the fried chicken and it is always good.  Need to work on that fish.
Made a visit because we saw it on tv but ended up being disappointed. The catfish was average and the Mac n cheese bland. Too scoops of butter on my mini bowl of grits wasn't needed. Drinks were good although the menu was offensive "drank"???? Will not visit again.
LoLo's is ridiculously good and the customer service is fantastic!!! You can't go wrong with any if the chicken and waffle selections. If you get the chicken and waffles there is a science to eating it. First, pour syrup on the waffles. You must eat the chicken with the waffle and syrup at the same time! You'll experience a lil taste of heaven, PROMISE!!! The "phat azz fish samich" is amazing as well! Gives you a reason I go more than once!
Not happy! Burned food and very unpleasant to deal with. I felt out of place and would not go back.
Great fried chicken. Don't plan on doing anything after though because it will give you a serious case of the idis.
I came here with an open mind.  I typically stick to breakfast or dinner so the idea of chicken and waffles was not appealing to me.  That being said, I am adventurous with food so I thought I would give it a try.  I was not impressed.  I would say the first "foul" was that the waitress accidentally tipped the coffee pot she was holding and spilled hot coffee all over my shoulder and dress.  I was not event offered a free cup of coffee!  This burned my skin and stained my dress.  Well,  I let this go.  The food was ok; nothing special and not what I had expected.  The chicken was dry and the waffles were bland.  Also, I only like real maple syrup so the sticky, pure sugar was extremely gross.  We had a group of 7 and the waitress REFUSED to split our check 7 ways.  She kept throwing out 18% gratuity which only told us that she cared more about being able to charge us more than giving us what we needed as customers.  Overall, the customer service was really awful and will keep me from ever returning here!
This was my first trip to Lo-Lo's and I'm now officially a fan. I had the mix and match that consisted of a fried chicken breast, a fried strip of catfish, a waffle, and some Mac'N Cheese. Both the chicken and catfish were moist on the inside and crispy on the out. The mac was creamy and fresh and the waffle had a hint of cinnamon. I will definitely be going back to try some other menu items. Oh, and they have Kool-Aid on tap if you have the need...
Really enjoyed eating here.  Finally made the drive across the Valley for a weekday lunch.  There was no wait.  The hostess and servers were all very friendly.  Food was really good.

I ordered the chicken fried chicken platter with collard greens, smothered potatoes, and a gigantic corn muffin.  On top of that I added a biscuit, piece of fried catfish, and a chicken wing.  It was overkill, but I wanted to try a little of everything and wasn't sure I'd ever make it back over here.  The CFC was a gigantic breast filet, perfectly juicy on the inside, crispy on the outside, and delicious.  Seriously big...about an inch thick and could feed three people!!  I could not believe how juicy that meat was!  It came smothered in sausage gravy. (see photo)  Gravy was good, but next time I'd ask for it on the side.  Greens were good.  Potatoes just okay.  Corn muffin was wonderful, a little sweet, just the way I prefer my corn bread.  Catfish had a nice flavor and perfect coating.  Honestly, the best thing I had was that fried chicken wing...crispy, juicy, flavorful, and makes you wish you'd ordered more of it.  My sister got the Lo-lo's meal, three pieces of fried chicken and 2 waffles.  She added a side of mac and cheese.  She thought all was great except for the breast piece, which she found a tad dry and bland.  Her fave was the mac and cheese. 

Oh, and they had sweet tea on the menu...always a plus in my book!

Bottom line:  Good service.  Good food.  Don't go if you're looking to eat light.  Add on a chicken wing!  Or two.  Be prepared to nap afterwards.
As good as it gets is right! I always enjoy visiting Scottsdale, Arizona and stopping at Lo-Lo's. There is never no waits. Their employees are very friendly. The food is amazing. I ordered the Tre-Tre with two pieces of chicken with a golden waffle and flushed it down with Kool-Aid in a mason jar. It's was fantastic! Can't wait for Spring Training to start so I can make my way back to Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles.
If they had 10 stars i would give them 10 stars!! First and foremost the young lady who answered the phone was so nice a pleasant, i couldn't wait to meet her in person when i picked up my food, she was great! My sister was craving some stick to ribs type of food and mentioned fried chicken and i was all over it!! I was a little on the fence about how good this soul food was going to be in AZ (sorry not judging the area but Im from the east coast) So we ordered the Lo-Lo special, corn bread, collard greens, mac and cheese and lemonade!!! The chicken was perfectly cooked and seasoned and nice crispy skin, corn bread muffins were so delicious collard greens they got just right, holy mac and cheeesssee. Reasonable prices and clean!
What a tourist find for Sat morning breakfast! Fried chicken was deelish and had it's own unique taste. Their chciken legs were huge! And the biscuits and gravy were awesome. What a down home combo!!
My chicken breast was slightly dry, but it was still delicious!!!  The waffle was a bit to the touch, but I really liked the cinnamon flavor.

My dinner date's chicken thighs were juicy & delicious.  The sides: mac & cheese and collards were flavorful, but after seeing the next table order beans & rice, I am definitely going to try all the other side dishes for my next visits.

Their service was the best part of the meal! Every server offered that southern hospitality charm, and the manager walked around to check up on each table - first class!!
You have to try the kool salad is huge and really good but you can't go to LOLO and not try at least one piece of chicken is well done and good size pieces. ohh n of course you got get koolaid.
First time at this location, we always dine in at the downtown Lolo's.  Friendly staff, clean restaurant, and food came out in a timely manner. A little disappointed with the food though. Everything was bland/no seasoning, grits, eggs, and collard greens :(
fun
This isn't the best chicken and waffles I've had but it's pretty good. 

I've been twice and both times have gotten the 2 pieces of chicken with waffles. It's pretty cheap, the waffles are thin and sweet, and the chicken has been fresh both times I've been here. The corn muffins are definitely a must add on.

As a mac and cheese connoisseur I thought that a $4 side of mac and cheese was going to be AMAZING but instead it was the only thing that I didn't like about our meal - one reviewer mentioned that it was like Kraft but Kraft is honestly better. This was very bland and a tiny portion (again considering the hefty price tag).

I haven't tried the drank but I've heard it's delicious from multiple people so you should try it if you're a Kool-Aid fan.
I lalalalooooooove Lolo's!! I always get the Tre-Tre's with a side of Mac n' Chs and it hasn't disappointed ONCE!
The service is confusing, I'm never really sure who to tip, it seems like I have multiple servers each time I go! Try not to go around lunchtime on a Sunday if you don't want to wait forever..
When it comes to flavor, you can't beat Lo-Lo's in comparison to the others.  Some of the staff are cordial and interact, some...not so much, but everyone working there is having a good time.  

I got the Number 1, washed it down with blue Kool-Aid and it was awesome.  My chick got the Betty Boop, and we were both very happy.  I don't typically choose to eat food that has been fried, but i'll make the exception for Lo-Lo's.
First time here. Excellent attentive service, huge portions, and awesome tasting food. Can't wait to come back again!!!
I ate lunch here a few weeks ago and it was a nice change from the food you usually find here in AZ. The Kool-Aid and Tea served in Mason Jars was pretty need. I had the chicken tenders and waffle combo and to my surprise, I liked it! The service was good, not great, but good. Portions were large and the food was good quality. I will eat there again for sure.
Lolo's is a local soul-food joint where you'd find all your AZ professional athletes from the Cardinals and the Suns eating here while reminiscing their childhood and talking about their nana's cooking! Or so I assume... haha. But it is an authentic Southern style fried chicken and waffle place. Their chicken are not like that of Church's or Popeyes where they deep fry their chicken. Lolo's lightly bread and pan fry their chicken in a shallow oil and the result is that crispy yet chewy texture on the skin. Wonderfully seasoned and almost caramelized on the outside, it is just dang good chicken! Their waffles are thin and dipped in their maple syrup, it's delicious!

Menu is straight forward an self explanatory.  You can add more parts of the chicken from their a-la-carte menu if you feel like that order with two wings and a waffle is too dainty for ya!  :)  Service is VERY friendly and sometimes too good!  This last time I was there, three different servers came around alternatively asking "Is everything ok with you guys here?"  That last time one server asked, I almost felt like saying "Do we look like we're not ok?"  LOL  But it's all good.  They take good care of their customers and make you feel at home!

They have their original location in Phoenix on Central, but this location is more "inviting" for me and the neighborhood is not so sketchy if you get my drift...  :D

Fried chicken: excellent!
Fries: so-so.  Could be crispier
Cheese grits: creamy, smooth, yummy.  Could use some more salt.
Collard greens: not my thing, but if you're into it, go for it!
Phat Azz Samich: Better than their burger.  Ask for the sauce on the side, cuz if you don't, you'll gonna need 10 napkins +!
Kool-Aid:  C'mon now!  You gotta have their addictive drink!  I don't know what they do to it, but it's soooooooo delish!!  I don't wanna know how much sugar they put in it either!!  :)
I'm glad the restaurant is doing well for their sake but it can't be because of the chicken.   I've been there three times and found the fried chicken over-cooked and therefore dry and tough.  KFC is much much better.  And some of the help or managers have a take it or leave it attitude and seem maybe unhappy about something.    I am going to give it another try and order the salmon patties and maybe the catfish....  but no more fried chicken.
I am quite upset with my most recent visit to Lo Lo's. My review went from 5 stars back in May 2013 to 2 stars, the 2 stars are for the customer service only. 

When I first came to Lo Lo's in May of this year, the chicken was big and delicious. So My husband and I came back today and I think we got the Cornish Game Hen  order. I ordered 2 legs and 1 wing, as you can see on my picture, the legs are about 4 inches long and 2 inches wide. My husband ordered 3 wings and from tip to base it was about 5 inches long. For anyone that's a fan of Lo Lo's, the legs are about 6 inches long and 3-4 inches wide full of meat.

I was clearly upset and I've told my colleagues and friends that goes to AZ for business and vacation of my recent visit to Lo Lo's and to watch out for my review.  My husband told me that we should go back to Lo Lo's before we go back to Los Angeles but I was too upset.
(Lyrics - Spice Girls - I Wannabe)

LoLo!, I'll tell you what I want, what I really really want
LoLo tell me what you want, what you really really want
LoLo!, I'll tell you what I want, what I really really want
LoLo tell me what you want, what you really really want
I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna really
Really, really want some Chicken & Waffles

If you want some cool-aid, get some on tap
If you wanna get some breakfast, better make it last
Now don't go wasting these pieces of chicken
Get your appetite together, and we will be just fine.

LoLo!, I'll tell you what I want, what I really really want
LoLo tell me what you want, what you really really want
LoLo!, I'll tell you what I want, what I really really want
LoLo tell me what you want, what you really really want
I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna really
Really, really want some Chicken & Waffles

Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles has been around the Phoenix are for quite some times and has been a local favorite for many reasons.  Chicken and waffles? Yes, indeed it is a deadly combination!  If you ever need to carbo load I tell ya this is your place.  

I generally can't eat a lot so I opt out on the sha-bang of 3 pieces of chicken, 2 waffles, grits, 2 eggs, and cheese.  Yeah tell me about it!  That's a lot of food!  Yummy though!  I go for the Shee-dah's Special; 1 breast, wing, and waffle.  Overall, I love it!  Nice succulent chicken and syrup induced waffles!  By god, what have you done to us!  I can't complain about obesity problems in America especially when you come to Lo-Lo's; instead embrace it haha!  I did indeed tried the Kool-Aid on tap.  Personally, I don't think I can handle so much sugar in a beverage!  Once you take a swig; you're thirsty for water!

In the end, Lo-Lo's deliver what they say; Chicken & Waffles.  Service is real attentive and overall the food is a must try if you never had chicken & waffles! - Enjoy!
Maybe I had a bad batch. My chicken didn't seem fresh, nor did my waffle. Compared to Roscoe's, it is better. They try to copy here. I'll give it another try in a month
The food is good but the costumer service could use improvement. I have visited this location about 3 times and 2 of those times the waitress seemed like she didn't want to be there, we where given attitude and no one would refill our drinks. poor service Id recommend going to a different location.
This was my first visit and my very first venture into the culinary world of chicken and waffles. I do have to say I still haven't wrapped my palette or maybe my mind around the concept. One is a breakfast item primarily and the other a dinner main attraction. This lead me to start thinking..... Which came first the chicken or the egg? Well I'm thinkin the egg because the egg and waffle as a morning meal complement each other so much better then the chicken and waffle for dinner. The whole meal l kept thinking damn that Mac n cheese and cornbread at the next table look delish!!
Ok so.... The review.... My friends started with fried okra it looked good but I'm not a fan in general. They neither complained or raved..... Shoulda asked.  The chicken was fried to a golden brown, moist, tender and very flavorful. I had the breast and could have eaten another. It wasn't large just average in size. ;-) The waffle was big but flat no rise to it (I am partial to the Belgian variety) flavor was good but just a waffle. I did try the various eating techniques, hot sauce on chicken with the waffle and syrup in one bit, then without the hot sauce next was one bite then the other, tried reverse order but nothing wowed me as a combo.... Still my eyes, mouth and stomach wandered to the table next to me... Cornbread Mac n cheese oh how I desire you.  
The service very good friendly and attentive. The cakes looked amazing. But already had the sweet craving satisfied with the waffle. If you are a kool aid fan this is your place. However I saw no stained upper lips..... Very unusual  :-/
I will be back for the more traditional southern fried chicken dinner. Mmm, Mmm, Mmm!!!
we do love the fried chicken and all sides there. we are always treated nicely and get prompt service. we do note that the sides are coming smaller dishes...hummm?
we liked the larger containers thank you. miss that. still all good.
Absolutely loved this place and am only sad that it took me so long to try it! I got the chicken fingers with a waffle and a Kool-Aid. I love that you can get Kool-Aid in house as it's one of my favourite drinks from childhood. The waffle was absolutely delicious and HUGE and the chicken was very crispy and juicy. The corn bread was huge as well, and was really good. 
The service was also pretty fast and super friendly. If you have any love for rich Southern food, this place is definitely one to check out. I wish there was a closer location!
Lolo's is fine.  I've been a few times with friends.  The menu is unique and the portions are good.  A+ on selection.  The food is okay.  College kids love this place!
Sorry but Lo-Lo's is highly overrated. 

I don't know where to even begin with Lo-Lo's... I guess I will start by saying I will never be back! 

The food is OVERRATED. Anyone who can actually cook will tell you that their fried chicken isn't even close to die for. It's just average fried chicken. Their collard greens are garbage as well. The greens from Honeybears aren't even that good but those definitely trump Lo-Lo's. The Mac and Cheese sucks! I know I am not the only one who thinks that too. Serving sizes are not generous at all. And the price is way too expensive. 

The service is about as average as it gets. Maybe this is due to the fact that the servers are always so busy but most act like the could give two shits about their tip. The WAIT is horrendous. It's always at minimum a 35 minute wait for my party. Not to mention if anyone shows up who is consider a "somebody" they will usher them past everyone right to their table.

Anyways, I hate to hate but the main reason that this place is so successful is because the have entered into a niche market in the valley. It's not because of their food, service, or management. 

Pros
-lots of seating
-great drinks

Cons
-Service
-Food
-Wait times
-atmosphere
-Too expensive
-overall unfriendly staff
Place is soooooo good. I love the kool aid, waffles, greens, and chicken. Wish I had room to try the red velvet cake but that never happens!
Ohhoho man, I love America.

I gathered two of my other, uh, "rubenesque" ladies to try this place for the first time. I wanted almost everything on the menu, so the best option was obviously the Lolo's Famous SoulFood Platter. There are a few ways to get it, but I did mine with the chicken fried chicken smothered in sausage gravy white sausage gravy (loaded with "flavor" they say), mac & cheese, string beans and potatoes.

Sure, I probably had more than my share of fat and salt for the week, but I enjoyed it! The chicken was the star, juicy and crispy, and there was so much sausage in the gravy, even I was stunned. The mac & cheese was good as well, so cheesy that I couldn't manage more than a couple bites (gotta save room for the chicken!). The green beans and potatoes were there to make me feel like I ordered a vegetable, but weren't very good, and the cornbread was dry.

I tried a bite of my friend's waffle, and even though I've never cared for waffles, I enjoyed it.

Despite what many reviewers noted as a lack of or just bad service, we were all happy with our waiter and didn't have to wait overly long for our food.
I am sold on the whole chicken and waffles thing!!!  I love LoLo's Chicken and waffles, they are by far the BEST southern food I have had.  I tried collards for the first time, on my most recent visit, fantastic!
Way to go LoLo's!
Ok so I didn't get the actual fried chicken w/the waffle touching my plate. BUT, did get 2 pieces of the fried chicken. Superb - one of my new, guilty pleasures. NOTE: Wiped a good portion of my crusty hangover away too.

Service was stellar also - came on a Sunday and they were packed! 

Very warm/comforting dining experience! Felt welcome here and like I was sitting in my gramma's kitchen. Left Lo-Lo's feelin' fat-n-sassy!
Frolicking through red fluffy clouds of cake that tastes like rich butter and encountering salty chopped nuts sweetly nestled in a layer or two of smooth cream cheese awesomeness, the first bite of Lo Lo's Red Velvet cake will send your taste buds on an adventure! 

People have been telling me to come here for a long time and I've been resisting the hype, but when I saw this cake featured on the front of Phoenix Magazine, I succumbed to the curiosity and made the trek from the far northwest valley here! What really surprised me was that red velvet cakes typically share an extra sweet flavor that is similar despite varying recipes. Here, the cake did not seem to have that overly sweet red velvety taste that I typically find. Instead, I was surprised with buttery fluffy goodness that wasn't overly sweet! 

The first combo, KK's combo, nearly killed me because I was beyond full after trying to eat it. Three pieces of fried chicken, two wonderfully flavorful waffles cooked to perfection, heavily buttered grits with over easy eggs covered in cheese and sauted diced onions, and homemade syrup. I never had a chance! Our waiter was so nice enough to answer my defeat with a "to go" box and was in disbelief that I still managed to order the red velvet cake too. 

The ambiance is laid back and I recall gospel music playing and football playoff games donned on every flat screen there. All was right in the world! I drank my huge mason jar of sweet tea along with my hubby and smiled with satisfaction after dining on soulful comfort food in such a relaxed and cheerful setting!
It's delicious.
Kool-Aid that is ice cold, Perfectly fried chicken and golden waffles...what more that one need in life??  This place was amazing!  I can not wait to go again!!
Awesomeness every thing I had was delicious. I definitely recommend this place!!!! I LOVE IT!
Always busy, and for good reason. The food is truly delicious comfort food. They have kool-aid!!! What?! The staff is always smiling and moves quick. Since discovering it, I will go no where else for my breakfast food (the grits are amazing)
Should you encounter an hour wait, consider Lolo's worth it.  I've lost count as to how many times I've been here but the food and server make it worth it every time.
Took the whole family to Lo lo's this morning and it didn't disappoint. I have had better chicken and waffles (maybe one other place) but the server was great and the entire experience was terrific. The tummy is happy!
I've been here before and had a somewhat better experience. This time not so much. As we watch everyone around us get there food, we waited for quite sometime before finally getting our food, only to find the chicken pieces are way to small. We repeatedly asked for drinks and the waiter only visited out table way too few times. I'm sorry I won't be coming back for a very long time.
Lo-Lo's is one of those restaurants you just need to experience.  Chicken and waffles with some kool-aid on the side go together so perfectly.  I just wish the waffles were a little bit thicker.
This place exceeds the hype in my opinion. Great chicken and the best waffle I've ever had. 

I'm going again tomorrow.
This place is awesome with one terrible server. I don't remember her name but she was the worst server I've come across in years.  She brought out the wrong food, never came to refill drinks or ask how our food was. She never cleared our plates from the table when we were obviously done eating, just came by the table long enough to drop off the bill and left our dirty plates on the table.  I would've given this place four stars if the service was average. She was so bad I can only blame it on poor management and non-existent training.  Food was great and I liked the menu selection. Too bad the server ruined the experience. I am weary to try eating here again. Maybe the Phoenix location has better staff.
Lots of hype for nothing. I've had better waffles, chicken, grits, etc. elsewhere. The service and staff there were upbeat and fun. I'm glad I didn't have to wait. If you want to try it, go early for breakfast.
This place sucks! 
Horrible management!
Horrible customer service!
Came here for breakfast and ordered a Diet Pepsi with my breakfast.
Shortly after ordering our server came back and said they were out of Diet Pepsi.
Which sucks because I wanted one with my meal.
I decided to go next door a grab a Diet Pepsi at Subway while we waited for our food to come out.
Problem solved.... I thought!

I returned with my drink and our food was still not out. About 2 minutes later a 'manager type' comes running over with a total bitchy attitude and gets all over me telling me "no outside drinks allowed". I try to tell her I only got this because your restaurant is OUT of Diet Pepsi. 
She didn't care and said I couldn't have it. She wouldn't even talk to me like a normal person. She was very rude and very worked up over a Diet Pepsi.

These people have real horrible attitudes and seem to have a chip on their shoulder! She was horrible from the word go. 
She could have been nice about it but there was nothing nice about her! 
No trying to listen or help the customer.

We decided to get up and leave.

Do you know how many good restaurant choices there are in this area?!
Way way too many to deal with this place and horrible manager who thinks she is working at some fine dining establishment!...............
Nope... you are in a strip mall selling fried chicken!

I got to AZ often....... but I will not go back to this place ever!
Great Chicken and Waffles, great servers! I love this place!  All the sides are great bumping Gospel on Sunday Hanging with with my bruh
Lived in the South for a bit and WOW... this place took me back!!!  Great REAL southern food and who could be dissatisfied with a place who will sell "Jar o drink" Koolaid in a mason jar.  I've been multiple times and will keep going back!  Great food and the atmosphere is right on.
This is the place to go when your looking to feel extremely full for a great price! Lo-Lo's has that Sunday-after-church feel and atmosphere. Its very jolly. The servers are all polite, and smile when they cross your path. If you don't like waiting, you should avoid going in Saturday & Sunday morning/afternoons. 

The location is grand, not even a mile away from Old Town Scottsdale! Inside, the place is tighty, and well kept. The wonderful smell of homemade waffles consumes the air overbearing the light smell of fried chicken... a perfect combination.

The waffles are AMAZING! They seemed to be seasoned the LoLos way, with a hint of cinnamon, and deliciously served with warmed syrup. The chicken is good as well, but lacks flavor, and is a little dry. I normally order a Betty's Boob, and all 3 times I've felt as if my chicken could use a little seasoning. To improve the taste I normally order a side of gravy. 

You will not leave this place hungry! You absolutely get your money's worth, for both food and service. For a nice filling meal of delicious, waffles, chicken, grits & eggs, & a nice big jar of Kool Aid, THIS IS YOUR PLACE! 

Needless to say, even with all the competition food-places surrounding LoLo's, its always a food party up in there!
I lived all of life in the south until last year.  Good fried chicken is hard to find in Arizona.  It was good here.  I did not care for the salmon croquettes and the fried catfish was good but not great.  Sweet cornbread - oh so wrong.  We waited about 20 minutes to be seated.  Service was average, prices slightly high for what was being served. $14.00 for a veggie plate is overpriced, IMO.  Will I go back, yes.  Do I feel the need to drive an hour and a half to go back real soon, no.  Oh, if you are looking for sweet tea - they have it.  I ordered mine half & half (half sweet and half unsweetened and it was plenty sweet.
I got the betty boobs DD, two chicken breasts and a waffle and ordered an extra side of mac n cheese and literally everything I tried was the best I had ever had. It's amazing.
Hands down the best fried chicken, waffle, mac and cheese I've ever eaten. Completely exceeds whatever hype it has. I will definitely be back. Lolo's keep keeping on.
I eat here at least once a month and love it. Sometimes it is better then others but I am always full and happy when I leave. I only go on Sunday mornings because of the gospel music and to get waited on by one of the twin brothers.
It has become a Spring Training tradition to go to Lo-Lo's before heading down the street to Scottsdale Stadium to watch the Giants play. Been here twice now, once on a weekday and once on a weekend, and during the weekday you can walk right in and get a table but on the weekends be sure to expect a bit of a wait. 

Quality and flavor of food is really good. I'm very impressed by the batter of their waffles, I love the hint of cinnamon complemented by the delicious warm syrup. The fried chicken isn't necessarily the best I 've ever tried but it's still good. The menu offers a variety of options to have these two dishes plus one of their sides. Not a big fan of their mac and cheese or any of their other sides really. But I do like their cornbread a lot. My favorite part of this establishment though is the kool-aid on tap served in mason jars with the option to take some to-go. A very unique touch and also very nostalgic all at the same time.


Staff is really nice, price is decent, definitely worth trying if you're in the area.
Two great tastes that go great together. Chicken and waffles. Listen health nuts or Lolo-virgins, stop grimacing a the instagram photos posted and try this place for yourself. You like fried chicken, and you like waffles so put them both together and try not to freak out. Very friendly service. Love the mason jar glasses and bottomless purple Kool-aid. We miss living nearby but always visit when we are in town. Also try the mac n cheese. Even the basic scrambled eggs are fluffy and delicious. Betty Boop. Betty Boop. Betty Boop. Trey Trey. Yep, that's our order. See for yourself.
Great food, great service, really friendly staff. We had to wait a bit but as expected for a Saturday afternoon.

Very accommodating and very friendly environment. Definitely has the same quality as the downtown Phoenix location!
Couldn't love this place any more than we do. It's rare that out 3 kids and is all love the same place. Family fave for sure!

Best red velvet cake in town!
"Everybody Want A Piece of My Chicken
Southern Fried Chicken
Finger Lickin' "-- Ms Peachez 

These are the words that ring in my head every time I know I'm going to get some Fried Chicken & Waffles(C&W); for those who don't know what I'm talking about, do me a favor and search YouTube for: "Ms Peachez". Go ahead, I'll wait... Pretty funny, eh? Anyways, I'm always down to grub on some C&W and after seeing the solid reviews for Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles (LLCW) I knew I had to make a stop here on my tour de Arizona. Fortunately, their Scottsdale location is less than 1-mile from Scottsdale Stadium and I leapt at the opportunity.

Sides:

Cornbread- This is a pretty tasty Northen-style Cornbread and for only $1/each you can't beat that deal with a stick! One of my dining companions loved it so much he ordered one for the road! 4*

Entres:

#8DD: x2 Fried Chicken Breasts and Waffle- The chicken coating was crispy and tasty, but the chicken itself was a bit dried-out. The Waffle was nice and crisp but I would've preferred it to be thicker--however the taste was very good. Overall, not as good as Lillie Mae's back in San Jos but it hit the spot. 3*-Chicken/4*-Waffle

Puffs Chicken Tender Basket- I was a bit disappointed to see that LLCW doesn't have a children's menu; so, I had to order my 3-year-old an adult meal, which is OK -I suppose- who doesn't love leftovers? This came with 3 Chicken Tenders and Fries and he gobbled it up pretty well. 4*-Lance Rating

Drinks- All you have to know is they have Kool-Aid and they serve the Purple flavor (aka Ghetto Grape). 'Nuff said. 5*

Service & Ambiance- Service from our waiter, Carl, was terrific! He was super-friendly, helpful and on top of things. LLCW is a really chill diner-style atmosphere that's kept clean and has some neat chicken paraphernalia decorating the place. 5*-Service/4*-Ambiance

Value- Pretty decent value and a bit cheaper than Lillie Mae's; we paid a little under $15/head for a copious amount of food and drinks. 3*

I really like LLCW and I'd probably rate it at a solid 3.5-stars, but the friendly service, great atmosphere, and fun menu will give it that 4-star bump. My only wish is they would get a children's menu and then they'd really have something. Irregardless, I'd still give it a hearty recommendation.
I didn't eat anything it was pricey looked yummy but i can't say for sure so I am giving it one star
You can't go wrong with Lo-Lo's. I've had a couple bad server experiences, which is my only reason for 4 stars. Beyond that Lo-Lo's always delivers in terms of food.  Worth a trip if you're visiting Phoenix.  It's not Roscoe's but it's also not an imitation.  With all of their kool-aid options they set themselves apart.  Wonderful restaurant.
If you want a heart attack on a plate then this is the place to go. The food is decent and I do have to say the biscuits and gravy and the fries are pretty yummy along with the salad which is the ONLY healthy option. The staff is friendly but the thing that gets me is they have plenty of high chairs for kiddos but NO kids menu or changing station in the bathrooms. Really? Makes no sence. If you like chicken and waffles and kook aid then I guess you'd like this place.
The Valley has a dearth of soul food, so I'm guessing that's the source of the hype for this place. It wasn't bad, I just found it underwhelming. I got the Lo-Lo, which is three pieces of chicken and two waffles. Chicken was ok, about what I could have made at home. Waffles were soggy. I went on a Tuesday afternoon, so no wait (I may have been slightly more annoyed if I waited an hour for soggy waffles and underseasoned chicken).
We love the food! The chicken was so tender and the waffles were JUST delicious! The banana pudding was just heaven! The service was very nice and kind. This is one of the most delicious places I've ever been to!
Food critics call Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles the best soul food restaurant in the Valley. Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles is owned by Larry "Lo-Lo" White, the grandson of Mrs. White, the owner of Phoenix landmark Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe. Lo-Lo's is a celebrity favorite and has been frequented by guests including Muhammad Ali, Amare Stoudemire and Charles Barkley.

There were lots of tasty options but I thought I'd stick to what they are known for...chicken and waffles! The chicken was pretty perfect. Slightly oily, crunchy, well seasoned, moist taste. I'm pretty picky when it comes to finding perfect fried chicken.  I mean I'll eat KFC or Popeye's or Raising Canes but very rarely do I find this chicken. And paired with the waffles, you just can't go wrong. I've had this classic southern duo before and there's nothing that compares to the mix of sweet, crunchy, hot and salty.  And I had to add a side of mac-n-cheese, which was also very creamy and delicious!

Drinks are served in Mason jars and I got the kool-aid. I wasn't a fan of that, next time I'll get sweet tea.
Seriously,

If this type of food wasn't bad for you, I would give 50 star. Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles is just awesome and tasty. Service is always quick and easy. There's nothing bad I can say about it, except the fact that I limit myself to only have Lo-Lo's once every 3 or 4 months. LOVE!
The hype was unmet, along with the expectations of juicy and flavorful fried chicken.  For the price I paid I was looking forward to at least better-than-average waffles and chicken, but neither hit the spot.  The chicken was dry, had a little too much breading, and needed more seasoning/spices.  The waffles were also dry, and no amount of syrup or butter helped.  I love fried chicken, skin and all, and to quote David Chang, "I could eat the worst fried chicken and love it," but I just wasn't impressed here.

(1) The space itself was clean, spacious, and bright, (2) our server was friendly, (3) the Kool-Aid was refreshing, and (4) the mason jars in which the drinks are served were cool, but (5) as for the food itself - not worth it.
Went here with a party of 11 a few months ago for Sunday brunch. Yes, we were prepared for a long wait on a Sunday morning, but were excited when we were told the wait would be 15 minutes. It ended up taking over an hour and a half after the hostess admittedly seated another party of 11 before us. The frustrating part was that there were at least 5-6 tables free and they wouldn't push them together for us. We asked several times if we could split our party to make the wait shorter, and they insisted  we not do that. Things took a downward turn when the manager loudly and openly raised his voice with my stepdad in front of the entire restaurant. Really not cool. We won't be back.
crisp fried chicken, excellent waffles and my favorite , the greens. This is basic "soul" food. They have recently added a few more salads to the menu which means I can go there and not have to gain weight!!!!
For now I can only give this establishment 2 stars since I really don't know how a fried chicken joint can over cook a thigh. I can cook a thigh at home on my George Foreman grill without overcooking and drying it out, this place shouldn't have an excuse. Sides were also meh, I've had better at the local fried chicken joint in Dallas where its unlimited refills. The 2 things I enjoyed were the Kool-aid on tap and the breading/flavoring of the skin on the chicken. I may try this place again in the future, but for now I am pretty disappointed with my AZ fried chicken experience. Oh I almost forgot, their famous red velvet cake tasted dry and gritty, sorta like a cake made from a Betty Crocker box. Nobody in my party really liked it, on the plus side the waiter did apologize and comp the dessert from our tab and promised us this wasn't the norm for this cake.
The food is good, perhaps great, but the service is so piss-poor, that I feel offended every single time that I dine there.  Yet, I still keep coming back for the good food.  If I try to place an order over the phone, no one EVER picks up the line.  When we go there to dine, there is always an unbelievable wait, and the apathy on the part of the staff is offensive.  Often, certain items that are on the menu simply aren't available.  I have a love-hate relationship with Lolo's.  All soul food restaurants in Phoenix suffer from this same lack of professionalism.  It's a disgrace to our race and impedes us from entering into the mainstream.
Easter Sunday at 11am and we were prepared to wait quite a while. The host gave us an estimated time of 15 minutes and we were seated in less than 5. Our server (Matthew)  greeted us immediately and took our drink orders. We were served our meals within 10 minutes of placing our orders......so fast I almost got whiplash!

I had the Betty Boob (fried chicken breast) and waffle, my daughter had the drumstick, a thigh, and a waffle. I'm not a huge waffle fan, but the waffle was crisp on the outside, tender on the inside, with a hint of cinnamon. My daughter stated the waffles weren't as good as Roscoes, but they were a close second.   The chicken was fried to perfection!!

We ordered a few sides to share (okra was delicious, mac and cheese average). The sweet tea was sweeter than the syrup for the waffles, but if you like your tea sweet, it came in a huge mason jar for $3.  

The service was excellent, great value for your money ($27 inc tax) for two huge meals with beverages, the restaurant was clean, food was good...can't ask for much more!
Had the Lil Amadi and it was delicious. Chicken was crispy and waffle had a great cinnamon taste. Also the drinks come in huge mason jars.
Amazing!  Soul food right in Scottsdale!  Love it!
The thing is, if you're well known for your food, I can understand a miscalculated wait time for a seat. If you're well reputable for your service and flavor, I can understand flies on the tables/bar, and employees eating while serving and busing tables without washing hands in between all three tasks. Sure it's a food safety violation and somewhat dirty practice but I'll look the other way. Why? because I've eaten some off of some of the dirtiest street food vendors in other countries and had a blast. So, what does this rant have to do with anything?

A few days ago my cousin and I went to Lolo's Chicken and Waffles over on Thomas and Scottsdale for lunch. The host greeted me with a seemingly sincere smile, took my name, and informed me of a 30-35 minute wait for a table for the two of us. Sure, I don't mind waiting 30-35 minutes for a table to try some good chicken. So as we waited, we played some Brave Frontier on our phones because we're into that and all. at roughly 40 minutes into our wait, I had noticed people that arrived after us and had added their name to the list of waiting groups had been getting irritated with their waits (some had been seated already), and I vowed to inquire with the hostess if there was an update on our wait time, as it had been past the approximated wait time, after I finished my current level of the game on my phone. Since my phone is quite slow at this game, it took me nearly ten more minutes to finish my level. I walked up and before I could ask her anything her horror filled face revealed she had completely forgot or overlooked my cousin and I. I looked on the notepad and saw my name had already been crossed off. Whatever, things like this happen, that's why you ask nicely for an update. She immediately seated us at the bar. The bar was a nice coated wood, somewhat easy to clean, dark, and really deep. Deep enough so that I couldn't reach behind it, so around 4+ feet. I thought it was a nice way for my cousin and I to arrange for our large bodies and large orders of food to be presented as well as in reach for us to do all the hipster things like instagram, hashtag, snapchat, tweet and post pictures of our food and dranks in mason jars. On to the workers:
I rarely post negative stuff online because it could be a fluke, a bad day, or some other misinterpreted account for why I had a negative experience at your restaurant. Perhaps your preps decided to not level the measuring cups, or round/accept 4.95 kilograms as ten kilograms, or your line cooks decided to slack off in cleaning stuff and there's leftover oils and spices from earlier. Whatever your reason is, I don't care. I know it happens in restaurants, let alone ones with food safety regulations clearly being violated in the front of house. What I do care about is if you touch everything from the butter scooper at the expo window and move the scoop of butter that has fallen on the muffin with your bare hands in front of me, when I know you didn't wash your hands after touching a bunch of other people's food, the counter, your apron, your shirt, and your pants. Oh well, I have a strong stomach.
The food:

Finally, the saving grace that could make me return to this place. Or so I had hoped. Here's what the two of us ended up ordering (text from their website):

-Lolo's Famous SoulFood Platter - 3 pieces of Chicken Southern Fried (got three thighs) w/ 2 side orders & cornbread. For the two sides, we got Cheesy Grits and Mac n Cheese.
== The thighs were okay, definitely juicy but lacking in flavor. the chicken tasted bland, and 1 of these thighs were so bloody at the bone the meat around it tasted like iron. The skin was nice and crisp, but all I could taste was  flavor, aka salt, pepper, and either 5spice and msg or just msg. Not necessarily bad, but not what I expected from a 'southern soul food' place. The Mac n Cheese was super cheesy and not bad, but not why I chose Lolo's for lunch. Cheesy Grits got a scoop of butter on top. why? Cornbread was dry and had a decent muffintop/honeyglaze and also came with a scoop of butter on top. 

-#1 - 3pc chix southern style, 2 waffles, grits & 2 eggs with cheese & onions
== Sam Yu's food; I didn't taste this as it was nearly the same as my orders. Honestly we didn't share much. 

-#3 - 3px chix (thigh, leg, and wing) prepared southern style, with 2 golden waffles
== This thigh was also bloody. Ate around it. The leg was abnormally large, looked like it was frenched rib, and was terribly dry. The wing was actually juicier than the drumstick. Strange but true. So the chicken wasn't fantastic here, but it was definitely expensive. at $2.50 per piece I would definitely not come back for their chicken. Would their waffles be able to pull a last minute win for them? Unfortunately the waffles I received were as dry as Arizona's summer desserts. I couldn't eat it alone, or with some of the butter I had transplanted from my cornbread and the scoop from my grits. I noticed at this point my cousin's waffles came with syrup. Since I was being a stubborn child I didn't request some syrup and just left their waffles to be that bad. dry, hard, and nothing special.

-South Side Chili Cheese Fries - Hot fries topped with our homemade chili & cheese
== My cousin's, and after all the stuff I had tried, I didn't both trying this.

-Grape Koolaid
== Wow that's sweet. I let the ice melt a good amount before drinking it in order to let the water dilute the Koolaid. Novelty mason jar, but wayyyyy sweet.

-Lemonade
== My cousin also reported a great disturbance in his blood-sugar levels after drinking this.

Instant regret. Ordered way too much food for the two of us, but for me that meant leftovers I could give to the dog or myself later. Sadly I probably won't be returning here on my own volition, unless it's to accompany somebody else / give it a measly second chance. Maybe my expectations were set too high, maybe I've been spoiled by Crispy Fried Chicken in San Diego, or maybe I'm just too damn critical about food. Regardless, I do not recommend spending your money or time at Lolo's. Making your own is much cheaper and will taste so much better.
Ate there last night and this was our first time at this location. Decoure and atmosphere aren't as neat as the phoenix location but the food and service was great. Had me some chicken and waffles with a side of grits, the Mrs. had the chicken strips and loved them, espcially the seasoned fries with ranch. I'm not a huge fan of the kool aid but got the blue kind last night and it was really good.You can never go wrong with a little (or a lot) of Lo Lo's!
Their food is great
This place was fabulous. The staff was funny, curteous, and prompt. Food was fantastic, and although I was too full for dessert, I took home a slice of red velvet cake. Best. Decision. Ever. The slice was huge and probably the most moist and delicious red velvet cake I've ever eaten. I will definitely be back when I visit Scottsdale again.
Food was pretty good, the fried chicken was very crispy and moist. The waffle was a great complement to the chicken but not anything too special. Service was extremely slow, i waited 15 minutes for someone to take my drink order and waited 30 for my food. 10 minutes for my bill to be taken... Don't go if you are on a time limit.
I have nothing bad to say about this place. The food is amazing, the vibe amd people are amazing. I come here as often as I can. The prices are reasonable for the large portions you get. 5 all the way.
Lo-Lo's is the standard for chicken and waffles in my book - it sets the benchmark for all other chicken and waffles. Today was my first visit ever to the establishment, and I was not disappointed. 

This is southern-style food full of love and lard, just the way it should be. I ordered the number eight, Betty's Boob (seriously) with a side of cheesy grits. The chicken was crispy and juicy, the waffle was great and not too sweet. My suggestion is to put some syrup on the waffle, get a piece of chicken and put a little hot sauce on top of it - the combination will blow you away. Sweet, salty, crispy and a little spicy, it is simply magical, no other way to put it. 

The grits were pretty fantastic too. I'm a southern girl and whenever I can find grits like this, I have to tell someone about it. Their grits game is on point. All of the other sides looked awesome too - next time I'm coming for the fried okra. 

Five stars for fantastic service and church music playing on Mother's Day. You go, Lo-Lo's!
I wish I could just say "It's Lo-Lo's!" and you'd understand that meant it was the best, but I guess at least one person hasn't been there yet (for some reason) so I'll expand. The menu is hilarious, the decor is adorable, and everyone who works there is polite and has a great sense of humor. It's soul food, solely for  your soul, foo(d). Everything is seasoned just right and cooked to perfection, and where else can you find at least four flavors of Kool-Aid on tap? (They even let you mix them.) Every time I go I get something different, and I've yet to be disappointed. I even like their takes on foods that I don't normally like at all. Definitely one of the best chain places I know of.
Lo-Lo's is the ultimate chicken and waffle spot..not only is the food good but the atmosphere is always upbeat..as you watch TV and listen to some music that will make you want to eat
Major disappointment. 

Chicken was nearly inedible. Thick layer of crust was oily and tasted ... well, oily. No spices, just the taste of oil; extremely dry and bland and I couldn't come close to finishing it. 

Not sure if it had been cooked a couple days earlier and just heated up or if the cooking oil needs to be changed more frequently. Whatever it was, this was just flat out lousy. They should be embarrassed. 

Waffle was a waffle, like every other waffle I've ever eaten. Nothing special. 

Service was not terrible but not good either. Guy sat us outside, I asked if he could take our drink order, he said "no, but I'll have someone out in 2 seconds". 

NOTE TO ALL:  2 seconds in LoLo time = 10+ minutes human time.
Having been here a few times, I have tried about everything on the menu. Everything is better than the last. The fried chicken/waffle thing is the BEST hangover cure in the universe. They have a beans/potatoes dish and mac and cheese to finish it off. The staff is not just attentive, they are INVOLVED. I have never gone there without having a deep conversation with one of their staff, often not my server. They are just social and upbeat.  They do limit you to two beers. Not that you need more. Just saying...
I picked up food for my hungry family.  It was our first visit, so we sampled everything, and everything was delicious.   No complaints, only raves.

The service was wonderful, very friendly, helpful and efficient.  We will be back!
We were actually on our way to get some sushi and we spotted this place. We acted impulsive and decided to hit this spot instead. Now I'm a big fan of RC&W in Los Angeles and I've been to many of places that couldn't compare. We will see. I do like the look and they serve koo laid in a jar which is  pretty cool. We will see if they live up to what I expect. I mean I'm an avid chicken either, only because I was predisposed to loving chicken, being that I'm part African American n all :).


Well amazing service. Not a long wait at all. Pretty good portions as well. The chicken legs were big, almost like they ordered them from an obese chicken farm.The taste wasn't as good as RC&W but it's not bad. The mac n cheese is good. Overall, not a bad place.
So I said to my friend I want to eat healthy , so we're on our way to sushi and we pass this joint , we immediately u turn and say we're just gonna look, 2 min later were ordering the lo lo special and the kk's dish

Not too long after the food came right out I took a bite at the food in it was so tasty, the chicken was nice and big, collar greens n mac n cheese was perfect , I knew all of this was bad for me but I couldn't help eating bite after bite. With each bite I felt so bad... but so good 

15 min later along with a 5 pound food baby I waddled my ass out of this place , lo lo's has satisfied my hunger , and my bowels will thank me later
It is 10:45 AM and I am hungry. I didn't have breakfast, it is too early for lunch and I am trying to decide whether I want to pull into a breakfast place or a lunch place, then I see the sign that says "Lo Lo's Chicken and Waffles" !!. I go inside thinking  I will probably just order lunch but ........ waffles seem to come with most of the choices and besides I am in a Chicken and Waffle house so I order 2 drumsticks with waffles. 

The place is clean with friendly and happy looking staff. My food comes and I bite into the drumstick. It is lightly battered (not overly) and is a little crispy on the outside but tasty and juicy! The waffles are light and you get lots of butter and syrup! I have a bite of breakfast followed by a bite of lunch, this is still a strange combo but very tasty!! 

I leave thinking that will will come back again but, I am still confused, "Did I just have breakfast or was it really lunch?????"
My husband and I love this place! The staff are always incredibly sweet and personable. We barely make our way over here once every six months and they remember us every time! The food is always fresh and delicious. Even when they're crazy busy, you'll never have to wait to long and you'll leave full and happy.
Everything is delicious. The macaroni? To die for. Chicken? Fried to a delicious golden melt-in-your-mouth crisp. The waffles have a hint of cinnamon which for some reason I'm a huge fan of. The corn muffins-with a bit of butter and honey- are some of the most delicious (and biggest!) I've had since Sunday dinners with grandma as a child. 

Customer service was on point the first time, although the second time the waitress seemed to think that the large group I was in was all paying together and definitely took her time splitting the check.

Go for a mix of blue raspberry koolaid and lemonade. Cuts the sugary bite in half nicely. Or, they're mixed drinks if you're feeling daring.
Lo-Lo's has been raved about by my friends for a long time, and they're very close to home. Took the kiddo this morning, and I have to say it was pretty okay. The waffles were room temp (the butter wasn't even melting), and my chicken was a little overdone. BUT around the overcooked bits, it was very tasty, and the fried okra was just right. The wait staff was super friendly and the price was right. I took half a star for the overfried chix and half because they don't have a changing table in the restroom (they're less than $200, and there was plenty of wall space). We'll definitely be going back, though, my soul food craving stomach will always be satisfied here!
Chicken was fun. I love chicken. I tried their number 2. A peppery sauce. I didn't like their biscuit and gravy. Biscuit was more sweet than buttery. Service was great.
This was my first time here. I was kind of skeptical at first since I've never tried chicken with waffles but it was a delicious combination of flavors. I had them add whipped cream and strawberries on top of my waffles. Had a jar of sweet tea which for me was the perfect cool sweet beverage needed while taking a break from the Arizona heat. Lastly, the waitress was great. She had a friendly personality and she made the experience much more enjoyable.
Terrible experience, didn't even get to sit down.

Walked in and the hostess wanted to seat us at a table in the middle of the busy dining room. I asked to be seated one table over which was more out of the way. I was quickly told that table was not available because the waitress was on break. 

When we questioned her, she replied, "Oh, I'm not kidding! See all those other tables, those are hers, too. I can't seat you there either. See? She's on break right over there."

We were incredulous. We turned around and walked out.

I'd heard great things about the food here and wanted to try it. But not so badly that I will allow a waitress to dictate at what table I sit. The lunatics do not run the asylum.

Now since I've had such a bad experience without even siting down, I certainly won't be back and I'm angry enough to write a and review. 

The hostess should have thought things through a bit better.
Ordered the mac and cheese and one waffle (thought the cod and waffle would be a weird combo). Loved both! M&C was very cheesy and creamy and the leftovers were just as tasty. The waffle had a cinnamon twist that worked very well. The blue raspberry koolaid wasn't too bad, I liked the jar and the guy gave us to-go cups. I'd go back.
I think some people get overwhelmed and impressed by the whole "chicken & waffles" idea at this place. Lolo's can be amazing. It can also be hectic with long waits and really heavy food. Its one of those places where one time you will get a great food experience and the next you'll walk out feeling greasy and annoyed you spent so much. The servers are pretty much always nice but its hard to recommend a place that, at least for me, varies so greatly from visit to visit. But it should be checked out at least once just so you can say you went.
I really wanted to like this place, but it was just so-so. 

Pros
- Gravy and onions were good
- Good atmosphere, very friendly and helpful staff who seemed happy to work there

Cons
- Chicken was crispy, but BLAND
- Waffles had a nice hint of cinnamon flavor, but were nothing to write home about. The texture was off - not fluffy at all, kind of chewy, deflated. I broke a plastic fork trying to cut into one.

Would I come back for chicken and waffles? Probably not, unless I could just order fried chicken skin. KFC on top of a homemade waffle would taste much better. Would I come back to try the other soul food on the menu? Sure. It was a fun restaurant with a friendly staff.
Wow. I just happened to see this place as u was strolling around the area with time to kill.

My first thought was "oh it's a Roscoes knockoff",,,

Wow, I was wrong. The service was perfect, the place was clean. The food was very tasty, especially the chicken. I didn't even need to add hot sauce for flavor.

The lemonade was homemade and yummy. It is served in a large mason jar. The friendly waiter offered a take out cup for what I didn't finish.

The waffle was the thin type that I prefer, like the ones my grandma used to make.

I love the menu and decor of the restaurant. The elaborate interior design makes it feel like a large chain. 

The prices are not bad either.
I don't care if you're a visitor....native...your mamas mama made the best fried chicken and waffles....just come here. Roscoes has nothing on this place. Great good and selection, they have more than just chicken and waffles. Lucas was our server tonight, and he was great.
Awesome chicken and waffles. Great prices. Just as good as the others spots that I've been to in NYC, LA, and ATL. I honestly think that their chicken batter is better than most.
From the warm greeting to the awesome food Lol-Lo's is always a great experience. Sit at the counter and enjoy being part of the  crew that will quickly make you feel like an extension of the family. The waffles are cooked perfectly and the chicken is moist and tasty.  All of the sides that I have tried are delicious. I can't say enough about Lo-Lo's. You must stop by if you're anywhere nearby.
Awful! I paid $18 dollars for three pieces of chicken ( a thigh, drumstick, and a wing - no breast), two sides, a corn bread muffin, and a Pepsi. This didn't include a tip. The fried chicken had no flavor. I don't think they use any spices. The okra was good.The chilli and ketchup bottles on the tables were dirty. The soap dispenser in the bathroom didn't work and neither did the paper towel dispenser. How are the employees washing their hands? The employees were the slowest moving people I have ever seen in my life. I don't know how this place stays in business.
We went here for the fist time and I thought it was pretty good. I had a waffle with two pieces of fried chicken. My two other friends had similar dishes. The southern fried chicken was very tasty and fresh. The service  was excellent. Everything is fresh and made to order. Our coffee cups were always refreshed. This is a real down to earth eatery with good soul food for a very fair price. I would go back again.
Until about five years ago I had never heard of chicken and waffles, and actually thought it was "code" for something else.  When I finally asked my step-daughter what it meant, she (without making me feel stupid) said "chicken and waffles."  "Literally???"  "Yes, Literally."  Hmm....

So what is the first thing I noticed when entering Lo-Lo's?  Happy people!  This place has a vibe and synergy all its own!  From the hostesses that greeted us at the door, to the servers, to the innumerable people behind the counter, to the patrons chomping away..."happy!"  (Could be the kool-aid - ha,ha,ha.)

While eating chicken and waffles doesn't set well with me, there are so many other things on the menu.  We ordered take-out - me a terrific chicken salad, and my husband a catfish dinner with collard greens, red beans and rice, and a huge cornbread muffin.  Outstanding!

Clean and quaint, Lo-Lo's is a place you have to try for yourself.  Trust me, you won't be disappointed!
I haven't had a lot of experience with Southern home-style cooking, but if this is what it tastes like, you can bet I'll be eating it a lot more!
The whole vibe of this place is relaxed and family/group friendly. Not to mention the servers are incredibly nice. I even lived the country interior- it was done really nicely!
Ok now the food. It was on the brink of heavenly and I could not stop eating it. Their koolaid (served in huge mason jars with free refills) is better than normal koolaid, and make sure someone gets the lemonade just to say you tried it. Chicken and waffles are perfect. The waffles are these light, crispy beauties with a hint of cinnamon I want to say? And the green beans rock if you dig spicy. Grits are good. Mac and cheese is really good. And make sure you save room for dessert because none of it disappoints!
My mouth is watering as I write this. Just take it from me and my friends and family- this place is just that good. Go on and try it for yourself! (They have 2 locations- Scottsdale and Phoenix.)
As if this place needs any more reviews. This is my third trip to Lo Lo's and as always it never disappoints. However on this trip something amazing happened.  What happened?  I'm glad you asked, "the meet" happened. Keenan King solidified my excellent experience with the following.  

As usual I ordered 5 wings and a waffle. Kind of my staple go to meal!  As Keenan brought my meal out he uttered the following, "the wings are a bit small today so I had them throw an extra one on"!  How effn amazing is that?  Customer service is still alive my friends!

Thank you Lo Lo's you continue to surprise me, much love!
This place is awesome! The staff is incredible, and the food is amazing. You MUST order the chicken and waffles. Oh, and order a jar of drank. Come hungry. Leave happy.
Exactly what you want in a place like this. Classic and Kitschy. The chickens great the waffles were good,cheesy grits were cold. Excellent house drinks like the orange Creamsicle amazing. The waitstaff are impressively friendly and very fun. Not entirely family-friendly. That could've been because we had a very unhappy 11-month-old with us. Will definitely go back no kids next time.
This place has awesome food. I've only been once but, I definitely will be coming back to explore more of the menu. Since I'm not from AZ I was looking for a soul food place that reminds me of home (Atlanta,GA) and this place did a fine job at that.
Great Food!
Went there last Friday around 8pm.  The place was packed.  I just wanted some carry-out so it wasn't a big deal.  

The food was some of the best, I've had in the 6 months I've lived in Arizona.  The price was a bit more than I expected, but the portion was large enough for dinner, and lunch the next day.  

It's a good place for southern comfort food.
To start with, and to be fair, lets just say that Lo-Lo's is not 'my cup of tea"
Its super heavy, greasy, and the drinks are sweet (if you are a health person like me- I would not recommend).  I felt like I needed to go to bed and sleep after my meal here- the food is HEAVY.  Now that being said, if that is what you are looking for, which I think most people who come her are, then it deserves a higher rating.  but Yelp is about your experience, so I'm just being honest.  
I came here with 2 friends on a Saturday around 2pm and waited for about 45 minutes to be seated.  I will give them a huge complement on their servers.  The guy who helped us was super nice and a great server.
If southern fried food is what you are looking for, I'm sure you will love this place.  If you value your health, go next door to the Noodle Ranch (which has some amazing Vietnamese food)
We had been in PHX for @ a year and mija was craving a Southern home-cooked meal, so we tried Lo-Lo's.  1st visit, she ordered the Chicken & Waffles. She loved the chicken, but said the waffles were "alright." She fancies the catfish as well, but sometimes she gets "gypped" on the size/portion.  She since has become a fan of their chicken tenders, and she loves their Kool-Aid beverage options.

I like that they have a veggie platter, for which you may choose 4 sides.  If you're vegan, you can eat many of the sides (they do not use meat in any of their vegetables): greens, green beans, home fries, and regular fries are my go-to options.  The home fries are always amazing and tasty.  The greens and green beans are hit or miss.  Sometimes they are great, other times they taste like they've come from a can; I hate those times.  Their fried okra is bland; needs more southern love/flavor. The cornbread, mac n' cheese, etc., are vegetarian, but not vegan-friendly.

Not cheap. I spend no less than $40 for 2 people, every time. 
Some of the waiters and waitresses are very sweet.
Gospel music plays on Sundays; makes me feel like less of a heathen. 
Large TVs can be seen from anywhere you sit, and it's always displaying a sport of some sort.
The wait on the weekend can easily surpass 60 minutes, and they do not take reservations. 

Their Scottsdale location is within a strip mall with Chipotle, Smash Burger, etc, so you'll sometimes have to fight for parking with some of the surrounding eateries' patrons, especially on a Sunday or weekend evening.  And it's hard to find if you don't know where you're going, so be on the lookout for one of the aforementioned establishments and you'll see LoLo's.  Or GPS works too.
I was turned away from Lolo 's because my son brought in a drink from Jamba juice.  Jamba juice is neighbors with Lolo 's. I told them he wasn't eating but they said that's their rule.  Lolo 's isn't a fine restaurant so they should relax and realize what they are.  A fast food place that serves average chicken and nasty tea.  They are a joke and not even  close to Mrs. White's.  When I  can't bring a drink in because it is 110 out side I'm not coming back.  So f**k off Lolo's
It was my wife's birthday and we were trying to think of a place to go for lunch.  We were on our way to run an errand in north Phoenix and my wife suggested Lo-Lo's.  I know...chicken and waffles...how can that be a tasty lunch???  Well, it works surprisingly well together.  We've had Lo-Lo's in Phoenix before but we never tried the location in Scottsdale.  The parking lot was crowded and when we arrived there was a 10-15 minute wait and this was about 1:30pm so it should've been after the lunch rush.

We were seated at our table.  The place is very noisy which makes it difficult to carry on a conversation.  We looked over the menu and our waitress arrived after about 5 minutes.  We all ordered Kool-Aid to drink since this is the only place I know of that actually serves Kool-Aid as a beverage.  It was a nice flashback to childhood for both my wife and myself.  I do suggest getting a water as well because the Kool-Aid does kind of give you a sugar overload.  We ordered a Tre-Tre (2 drumsticks and a waffle) for the kids to split and my wife and I each ordered a Betty Boob (1 breast and a waffle).  We also had a mac and cheese side that we could all split.

The food took about 10-15 minutes to arrive at the table.  Each plate had a little cup of syrup for each of the waffles.  The chicken was breaded and fried.  Each table has hot sauce and ketchup.  I tried a bite of the chicken and it was very good.  I liked the seasoning and the breast was very tender with a crisp outside.  I then tried it with a little of the supplied hot sauce and it went very well with the chicken.  It was a perfect combination.  I moved on to the waffle.  I covered it with butter and the supplied syrup.  It was fantastic.  The waffle has a slight cinnamon taste which worked very well.  My wife and kids all had the same thoughts with their food.  We had a very enjoyable time and will definitely be returning.  I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a delicious and different meal.
Breakfast simply CANNOT GET ANY BETTER THAN THIS!  Yeah, the service is very friendly and the atmosphere is cute and the restaurant is super clean, but the real reason people make the pilgrimage to Lolo's is for the fantastic food! The chicken and waffles are delicious! There are so many combinations based of chicken and waffles on the menu that allow you to choose based on how much you want to eat. The fried chicken is homemade and the meat melts in your mouth. The waffles are huge and they too are homemade and are divine.  This is a great place to bring company from out of town. Long live Lolo's!
Server Mike has a lot of good energy. He was groovy!! I will say that all the meat here is all fried. We requested for a grilled chicken breast and the chef honored our request so that was great!

I ordered: (a lot of food) 

Kool-Aid: Tropical Punch & Lemonade. It's good next time I will say light ice because it gets watery.

#7 Toy-Toy- was good

MacNcheese = the bomb!!!! I love it

Smothered Rice & smothered Potatoes were delicious!
Grilled Breast was seasoned to perfection.
Catfish seasoned  perfect.
Collard Greens  they were ok.
Potato Salad was ok needs a little sweet relish or sugar.
I'm obsessed with Lo-Lo's and plan to bring every out-of-town guest here. Awesome customer service, delicious food, and overall great vibe. Can be crowded, but for good reason (and always worth the wait).

My husband and I like to split the KK (3 pieces of chicken, two large waffles, grits - get them with cheese for $1 more- and eggs). It's plenty of food for two.

Two very enthusiastic thumbs up.
The best soul food in Arizona.   My only gripe is with the desserts.   The banana pudding at this location is never fresh.    Banana pudding made in large quantities is good for 24 hours.   The vanilla wafers should not be soggy and the bananas should not be black.   #ijs.  Conversely;  this location has infinitely better service than central and central has better dessert than Scottsdale.    You do the math.
Go. Go and live the culinary fantasy that is cinnamon laced waffles having a mnage a trois with southern fried chicken and maple syrup...
Hands down the worst soul food restaurant experience ever. Initially me and my companion were told the wait would  be 20 mins which was expected, but we were seated after 10min. I though, we were off to a good start but I was dead wrong. After being seated it took 15 min for our waitress to even address us. The food didn't not take long to arrive but my food was terrible. I ordered catfish, mac n cheese and collard greens. None of the items I ordered had any flavor, my catfish was slimy and fatty under all of the breading and the mac n cheese was the equivalent of a box of kraft mac n cheese and don't get me started on the collard greens. I have absolutely no idea how this place got 4 or 5 stars but I've been to plenty of souls food restaurants and this place was definitely at the bottom of the barrel on my list of soul food restaurants. I didn't come expecting perfection but I didn't even have a sub par experience.
Chicken is great! Moist inside, crispy outside..waffle has a hint of something, cinnamon? Yum! Our waiter was great! Music was awesome, took me back to the 90's!
Hype exceeds the quality.

Three of us went to the Scottsdale location this afternoon to get orders to go. Very crowded and noisy, but a happy noise. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We had the KK, the Baby Ray and the Chicken-Fried Chicken Platter. 
The food traveled ok; some of the chicken was still crispy; some was not crispy by the time we got home - 15 minutes later.
The chicken was good; about a 7. Gravy came with the Baby Ray; it was brown with lots of onions. Love the onions but would have preferred white gravy like my friend had on his chicken-fried chicken. Next time I will know better. The waffles were a 7 as well. They forgot the grits which was very disappointing to my grits-loving friend. Cost was $47 for the three of us. We don't think it was worth this much money.
Imagine that KFC and the Waffle House had a baby....well, you would get a Lo-Lo's. That description is accurate but does not really do justice to how good the food is at Lo-Lo's. Plus you can't get Kool-Aid  at KFC or Waffle House. The waffles are really where its at! The chicken is maybe a little above average, but it does have a little kick to it.

I had the Lo-Lo which was 3 pieces of chicken and 2 waffles. The waffles were fantastic. They were large, soft, and golden, done just right. The chicken was a little spicy for my taste and I found myself putting more syrup on it, which actually turned out to be a good thing. 

The side orders were a good size and I would recommend the fried okra. Overall everything was good, but overpriced in my opinion. I mean it is just chicken, waffles, and Kool-Aid that cost $20 with a tip per person.
Although the food is not great it is still a very fun place to go. It is not every day you see a place that serves fried chicken and waffles on the same plate in Scottsdale Arizona. If you go you have to try the Kool-Aid.
As a lazy student, Come Dine With Me is an important part of my daily routine. So a small group of my fellow lazy student friends got together and made our own Come Dine With Me competition. One member of the group, who is quite ditsy and clearly richer than the rest of us, used I Eat Naked for her meal. If you are aware of the concept of Come Dine With Me, you will know this defeats the purpose. But she was a little dumb and immediately told us she had ordered the food where as I would have been sly and passed it off as my own. She probably would have won if she hadn't admitted to us she hadn't cooked because the food was that good.

I love the concept of I Eat Naked, with the double meaning in the name as all the food is free from additives and completely natural. I learned this after checking up on the website after our dinner party. The meat eaters at the party had steak which was cooked to perfection and the chips... oh the chips! They were carbohydrate goodness, fluffy and crispy at the same time. The veggie had a vegetable and goats cheese dish which she polished off with delight.

The great thing about this place was the fact it was a takeaway serving top quality, fresh food as opposed to greasy, unexciting food. Great for a posh night in, and works well for a dinner party! Unfortunately I live just outside the delivery zone as they only deliver in the city center in order to ensure the food is still hot and fresh when they deliver.
Really poor atiitude! Phoned asking for a delivery to be told Polwarth was outwith their delivery zone unless I spend 30. Clearly they dont need customers in a recession!!

Last time I will be calling them! The guy who took the call was not what you would call friendly either!!
This place has only been open for about two weeks.  I had the liver and onions with yams, green beans, and peach cobbler.  You will leave full, but you will not have enough for a doggie bag because the portions are smaller than normal.  I think it is because they are new.  On another note, you get three sides and a small piece of cornbread with your entree.  I was shocked that we got three sides.  My guess is that once EllaEm's turn a profit, the portions will increase which is understandable.  I must say that my liver and onions were the best I've ever eaten.  Everything was d-e-l-i-c-i-o-u-s!  The service was outstanding as well.  I can see that they are really focusing on customer service.  In contrast to ALL of the other local soul food joints in Vegas, they have the cleanest/nicest dining room.  This place will get my business and my support because they are trying to do it right.
The Food:  *I tried the Special for the Day! OX TAILS! They were great! I also had the Yams, Rice & Gravy, and black eyed pea's. The cornbread was soooooo good, I did not need a dessert however, I had the Chocolate cake with the chocolate icing! I was stuffed, everything was well portioned (I couldn't finish everything) The Ox tails were tender, the food was seasoned great! I complemented the chef a few times!

The Service:   *The waitress (PAM) was so nice, and efficient, her smile was great and her overall attitude made me feel comfortable, she made me feel she was working genuinely  and not working for a tip! 

The Restaurant   *Beautiful, I'm from the Bay Area, so I haven't visited too many other places out here, but I love the cleanliness... From the table, to the floors, to the rest rooms, but most importantly the servers! The music is nice and the television is great! I will be back to try the other items on the menu!
Mrs. A..... I have read the "Complaint" that you have wrote and I have come to this conclusion.... You are NOT keeping it real, you are just the bitter "ex-worker" who got fired... I find this VERY unprofessional of you. I'm not going to go back and forth with you, but because you posted your childish complaint with my name, I felt the NEED to reply. - Keep this in mind - "To Each is his own" - My experience, If you want some good soul food, great atmosphere, good owner as well as servers and cooks... Go to EllaEm's and try it out for yourself....

*Be aware of bitter ex-servers, they'll sabotage anything... Smoooccchheeezz!
Sundays are packed as the local community has started coming in.  I found the portions to be pretty good myself (especially for the three sides); but in a buffet town I could see where some people may find them small.

You can get many of the dishes fried or grilled (I've had the catfish fried and the red snapper grilled -- both good.)  I have to agree with Mrs. P though, the liver and onions (with gravy of course) were really good.

Great find in North Las Vegas!  Highly recommended.
I came here with my extended family while we were out in Vegas for a softball tourney. The place was quite, cute and clean. We got seated right away. 

Ordered our food. A main dish and 3 sides, I got fried pork chops, greens, mac & cheese and red beans and rice. We had 6 people all together and the food came out quick. I was quite surprised that our food was out already. Everything I had was good. All my sides were good. Oh, yeah and they give you cornbread too. The cornbread was tasty too. I can't even say which side was my favorite, but I will say that the red beans and rice and greens were pretty damn tasty. Our server was friendly and our glasses were never empty. 

One thing I will say, is that their desserts, not all since I didn't try them all, but the Red Velvet cake and Lemon cake are not the ones. I think it was a box cake with vanilla frosting, not even the cream cheese frosting for the Red Velvet. Both cakes were a lil on the dry side.
 
Overall, it was a good experience and I would so go again if I was out wandering in Vegas.
My husband and I have enjoyed a half dozen excellent meals at EllaEm's, and have yet to be disappointed. This is down-home cooking at its best--large portions of tasty, well seasoned Southern Soul Food. 

Each meal, from crispy, succulent Fried Chicken to Liver and Onions, is balanced with three side dishes. It's hard to pick a favorite side. The macaroni and cheese is sticky with cheese, baked to perfection. Collard Greens are the best I've had anywhere in the USA. Black-Eyed Peas are tender, well-seasoned and melt-in-your mouth good. Mashed Potatoes are creamy, filled with butter and milk, and smothered in home-made gravy--pure, straight to the arteries yummy. 

Cornbread at EllaEm's can't be beat--it's moist, sweet, and the waitstaff is always waiting to offer you more. 

For a satisfying meal served with a smile, EllaEm's is simply magical. The portions are way too large to finish in one sitting for me, but they seem to understand that most diners are going to be taking home lots of leftovers. 

This is a place where diners chat with each other, rub their tummies with satisfaction, and leave planning their next visit.

UPDATE: We have become Friday night regulars, and still think it's the best restaurant of all. Our server, Anisha, never forgets the details (no lemon in hubby's ice tea and no gravy on my liver and onions) and no matter how busy she gets, she always smiles and checks on us. 
This is just the most welcoming restaurant!

Update: I cannot believe the ONE trash review by Nelson Q. from Hawaii. Considering all the excellent reviews here, one has to wonder if Mr. Q is trying to shift customers to the Hawaiian restaurant right next door to Ella Em's. In all my visits, I have yet to have a bad meal nor poor service, and I've been eating there weekly since it opened.
Was in Las Vegas for a short while and never had soul food or could find any good while there. Until my friend who lives here suggested this place. And to my surprise I loved it the delicious fried chicken, greens, mac and cheese almost as good as my home cooking :o) And lets not forget the red velvet cake was delicious as well. If you haven't tried this little treasure of a place I highly suggest it, I'll try it again when I'm in a couple of months to make sure it wasn't just a fluke. And also to try something different on the menu, oh and to the person who felt they were forced to order a burger please the pleasure of going out to eat is getting what you want. Never let a cook or anyone persuade you other wise. Because after all you're paying the bill, so you could have easily left if they weren't fufilling your request for what you wanted. I patronize businesses that are there to please the customer, if that's not the purpose then why are they in business. Give them another try, and next time order what you want because I will. A satisfied customer, see you next time Vegas :o)
!!!Great value!!! Rarely do I go home with leftovers, this trip I did.  Super clean dining area.... Many return visits are on the horizon :  )
I finally made it here to try their Fried Chicken. I didn't feel like eating solo today so I just ordered it to go.

Fried Chicken - Dark (leg and thigh)
 includes 3 sides and cornbread
  -mac and cheese
  -mashed potatoes
  -fried cabbage

The chicken was fried perfectly. It was not greasy like the chicken you get from Popeyes. The sides were all very good. The cornbread was just ok.

There was also a sign on the register listing their lunch specials for $7 between 11am-3pm.
super delicious. The best part? it's right next door to us. So glad we finally get a decent soul food in LAS VEGAS PERIOD. Whether you dine in or do a take out, it;s sure to be a tummy filled meal.
After a full night of hardcore Vegas-style partying, I was in dire need of a fried chicken fix. We found EllaEm's Soul Food, and, BINGO! Exactly what I needed. The cafe style restaurant was very clean. I saw a few framed reviews on the walls raving about this place saying, it had "The Best soul food in Vegas of 2010." I ordered the smothered chicken with collard greens, mash potatoes, and mac & cheese. We got it to-go and I couldn't wait to dig in. Whoa. Talk about a total food orgasm. Now, to all my fellow Yelpers, I will say no more about this place; only because I was extremely impressed beyond words. Therefore I insist that when you visit Las Vegas, this place is a must! I can't really begin to describe how great the food was. It sucks that I live here in San Diego...especially now since I will be craving those collard greens from Las Vegas. Geez.
It gets no better. If your looking for spectacular soul food, EllaEm's is the spot. If you're in the Las Vegas area, make time to stop by this place. EVERYTHING on the menu is amazing. I can't speak highly enough of this place.
Soul food--yum!.  I bought a Groupon to this place after having read the Yelp reviews and there's a reason it's so highly rated.  I went with my teenage son and his father for dinner tonight, and when we arrived around 7:00pm, the place had only two other tables occupied.  It's a clean, nicely decorated, small place in a strip mall.  I ordered the oxtail stew and three sides: mac n cheese (eh, I've had better at TC's Rib Crib), mashed potatoes and gravy, and yams.  The latter two side dishes were done well and the oxtails themselves were fabulous!  I couldn't finish my food, so you definitely get your money's worth.  Each entree comes with the three sides, so that could also be why I was in a food coma afterwards.  Before our main dishes arrived, we were each served cornbread, which was heavenly--I wanted more, but didn't ask because I could have gotten full on that alone.  My son and his dad had the fried catfish and they rated it better than Hush Puppy's--the gold standard according to them.  I don't eat fish, but just looking at their food, I could tell it wasn't as greasy as the catfish I've seen at other places.  
 Service was great, the food is delicious, and the only reason I am not giving it a 5 star rating is that I'm a stickler for good mac n cheese, and theirs was just okay.  So, if you're every hankering for some good Southern cooking, head over to EllaEm's for the kind of food that sticks to your ribs and leaves you feeling satisfied...the guilt sets in much later.
Ella Ems  is a nice restaurant very clean. I ordered the oxtail with and entree you get three sides. I chose the yams , mash potato's and mac n cheese. , you think i got enough carbs?
               The oxtails were excellant meaty ,tender  and moist in a very good brown gravy. Portion size on the oxtails were small , I received 3 med sized pieces. Mash potatos  were solid . Yams were amazing , very flavorful. Some of the best yams ever ate. The mac n cheese on the other hand were very disappointing. No cheese flavor very, very bland. They also serve cornbread which was very good , a little sweet, how us yankee's like it as my mother in law would say. Overall pretty happy with the meal
This place is a real gem! I had the catfish, which was a bit too salty, but delicious (hey, it's soul food after all). The cornbread was the best I've ever had. 

The service was prompt and very friendly, as was the rest of the crowd. As a transracial family with an adopted son from Haiti, we weren't sure what kind of reception we would receive in a soul food restaurant. It was not an issue. We felt very welcomed, and EllaEm's does a great job of demonstrating pride in their heritage. 

It was a great experience overall, and we will definitely be back!
This place was on our radar for some time, but we kept putting other places ahead of it. We were first in as the doors opened, it's a small place, all tables, the menu was your basic "southern" one with everything from smothered chicken, to oxtails and meatloaf. 

I ordered the meatloaf and it came with three sides, I picked the mac n cheese, the collard greens and black eyed peas. The slice of meatloaf was about 1/2 inch thick but very small compared to most. 

The sides were pretty good, the exception was the mac n cheese, it wasn't very thick cheesy, but runny and not much cheese flavor. Corn bread served with the meal was sweet cake kind, served warm. I liked the meal, but I grew up in the south, and we ate pretty good, the portions were large and filled up our plate, this plate was bare in places, so it made me think, they must be a little stingy with the servings.
Food delicious, portion size Big.
Had the Groupon.. yay! Very glad, because I had never heard of this place. 

So many people claim that they're cooking up soul food, however this place actually nails it. I felt as though I was eating at my aunt's house.

I order catfish with potato salad and I also had peach cobbler. Catfish was great. Potato salad was amazing! Uncommon for me to say this, because I have yet to taste decent store bought/restaurant potato salad.

I will say stay away from the cobbler. Awful! 

The inside is really clean and fun. Great for kids. Amazing staff!
Came hungry and left so satisfied. Can I get an amen from the church about that catfish and those greens. Good Lordy. Definitely worth checking out when in town!!!!  Tell em' Lani sent ya!
This restaurant is worth getting off the strip. The portions are HUGE. My boyfriend had the Catfish dinner with 3 sides of Mac-n-cheese, yams and rice smothered with gravy. I had the catfish sandwich with fries. The catfish is amazing, succulent and spiced just right. (We went to a much more expensive Southern restaurant later in the week and I ordered the catfish which was dryed out!) 
The sides including the fries were all wonderful. We will definitely go back later this year when we're in Vegas again.  We're dying for the catfish again and try some new items! 
I highly recommend making the 20 minute drive to North Las Vegas to eat here and then hit one of the Station Casinos as well.
This is a small place in a strip mall. It only seats 47 people. The sweet tea sucks. I can critique it being I grew up on it. Now, The menu is simple. This time I got the pork chops smothered (gravy of course)....Fried cabbage, black eyed peas, and  rice and gravy.....They were out of greens and mac and cheese...But what do you expect in the afternoon when everything is homemade? The pork chops were wonderful. The gravy is awesome and the place was full. Its good southern food at its best representation. I am from South Alabama so I should know....
Great food... Had the Ox tails with Mac and cheese... Great food, cooked right gravy was on point, the corn bread hit the spot.... The Mac was pretty good and they give you a lot of ox tails also....
Are there any decent Soul Food restaurants in Vegas??? I've slowly lost any remaining hope after stopping in at EllaEm's. SOUL is something that our food most definitely was missing that evening

When we arrived, the restaurant was very clean and looked more inviting than other soul food spots we've dined at(Kathy's, M&M)even the items on the menu looked very appetizing....Looks were definitely deceiving here because after our waitress assured us that everything was delicious, wifey asked "are your ribs juicy and fall-off-the-bone?"
"Oh yeah" she replied with a smile...about 10 seconds later, wifey sees liver and onions on the menu and she excitedly orders that instead.
"Oh, you know what? that's the only item we don't have" waitress says....
Gee, thanks for the "heads up" on what you're out of.

So she orders the Ribs with 3 sides-mashed potatoes, yams, and mac and cheese and I go with one of their house specialities, Chicken and Waffles. While waiting for our order, we hear BEEP, BEEP, BEEP at least 4-5 times...yes,  that dreadful sound of the microwave was a definite"Oh hell's no!" moment....The cornbread comes out first, but not in huge squares as pictured in the menu, but more like 3-inch circles, 1/2 inch high....WTH? 4 and 5 star reviews????Really????

Some dude named Pedro was the only cook in the kitchen and I know for a fact, he didn't even take the time nor the patience to turn out tasty Soul Food....makes you wonder how much truth there is to the EllaEm's story and its two patriarchs, Ella Rea Gray, and Aem Upachak(photo of story included)

All of the sides and the waffles were definitely nuked,which made the waffles tough and spongy and the ribs were tough, dried out and not juicy at all. We won't be  coming back here...ever. Serving food like that is totally doing the two matriarchs a great injustice...ALOHA!!!


YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(25/365) "No soul at all"
I am a white girl from Chicago. I don't know much about soul food but i do know BAR-B-Q!  EllaEm's has the BEST baby back ribs I've ever had (in Las Vegas.) I am surprised at some of the negative reviews here on Yelp, but thats what review are all about. 
Yes, it is hidden away in strip mall on Craig road between a Hawaiian Plate joint and a Teriyaki Madness chain. I decided to give it a try. I AM GLAD I DID!!  
 
We ordered take out because it was the day of the Emmy Awards. We wanted to eat and relax at home. We ordered the Baby Back ribs, collard greens, fried cabbage, yams and sweet potato pie for dessert. ALL ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!  the girls behind the counter were very personal and the place was immaculately clean and inviting. 

People!!! Don't be so picky, this is Las Vegas!  Sure, there are better places to eat.  However, i will definitely keep this on my TOP TEN places  to get GREAT BBQ in NORTH Las Vegas!!!
Just scrolling down the reviews & just wanted to say if you don't know about Soulfood then don't speak on it! Soulfood is candied yams so yes that requires sugar!! And Nelson G wow u just don't know good food when u have it! EllaEm's is good ole Soulfood... Like home away from home!! Never mind the haters you have done your grandmothers name great!! I'm sure she is really proud of you! I'm sure the food Nelson cooks ain't always great!! Nowhere is everybody has good & bad cook days.... I will continue to eat at EllaEms everytime I'm n Vegas!! That's my tourist attraction:)
A pile of well-seasoned catfish, solid greens and a mountain of mac and cheese for $7. Yeah, that'll do. Server was friendly and attentive. Not much more needs to be said -- if you're heading out Craig Road, great spot for lunch.
OMG! This place is awesome!
Some of the BEST collar greens I have had! Almost as good as mom's. I also had the BBQ ribs, they were so tender, fell right off the bone. And the sweet potatoes....ALL of this will bring me back for more!
I came here a few times a month a year ago when I lived on this side of town. It was so good! I would always get fried chicken, rice n gravy, and mashed potatoes. I came back a few months ago I went and the food wasn't the same. Not sure if they changed recipes or the cooks weren't trained properly, but I was so disappointed.
I went there for lunch after a movie.  The food was pretty good.  I had ox tails with sides of greens, yams, and rice & gravy.  I was a little disappointed that the rice was slightly under-cooked, but everything was was yummy.  I could only eat half before I felt the need to take a nap :-).  My friend had chicken and waffles.  He was disappointed in the waffles, stating they lacked comparison with Roscoe's.  However, he did love the fried, smothered chicken.

The staff there is always friendly and inviting.  I will definitely be going back in the near future.
A really nice soul food place. A lot of other soul food restaurants in Las Vegas have very cramped dining rooms (Gritz, Seven Seas) but this place is very spacious, clean and the walls are covered with art, family photos and posters of Black heroes like Martin Luther King Jr and President Obama.

I want to give this place three stars. The food was pre-made and reheated in a microwave, but it was still good. Still, it's always disappointing to have your plate of soulfood goodness put down in front of you and your mac and cheese is still holding the same shape as the container it was stored in.

I'm giving them four stars because of the ambiance and their stellar service. Our waiter appeared to be working the place by himself but he was attentive, very polite and knowledgeable about the menu. He offered a discount if we gave a great Yelp review, so think of that when you look at other reviews.

One dining partner ordered the veggie plate, which is basically cornbread and your choice of three sides. One of her three sides chosen was fried cabbage and our waiter stated it's made with turkey bacon (there is a sign up that says their food is made w/turkey instead of pork when possible). She was disappointed but I think its great that they're at least trying to cut back on sodium and fat by using healthier alternatives.

2nd dining partner had the meatloaf which included two sides. 3rd dining partner had  the oxtails smothered in gravy that were so delicious he threatened violence if we dared to touch his plate when he went outside to take a phone call.

I had the spicy chicken sandwich with a side of mac and cheese. I always order mac and cheese at any soul food place I go to; it's not a real soul food restaurant unless you have bomb-ass mac and cheese. EllaEm's was good, but nothing I'd go out of my way to eat again. Since it was reheated, it wasn't melty and gooey, but it wasn't bad either. The chicken was spicy, crunchy and a nice piece of meat, but the only thing on my bread was tomato and lettuce. No sauce, no nothing, not even mayo. I hope I'm not the only one who thinks that's odd.

I'm not itching to go back, but this place is definitely worth a second try.
I went for lunch on Thursday afternoon and the place was packed! Great sign, usually, so my giddiness continued as I waited for my friend and hungrily watched other patrons place their orders and receive their lunches. The place is cute, clean, and comfortable. There were two large parties (one leaving, one ordering) when I came in. All in all a good vibe, good music in the background that still allowed for conversation, and smiles abound. I was excited!

It pretty much ended there. I really, really, really wanted to like this place. I would have preferred to have loved this place, but I would have settled for an "I love you, but not in THAT way" sort of conversation here. 

Alas, I am not sure I want a second date.

First: The service was VERY slow. Yes, it's a small place. And mostly it was service with a smile. But it was slow. We all but flagged the waiter down to order our drinks. And then again to order lunch. He kept pointing out how slammed they were. I could see it, I sort of get it, but then there should be more help on the floor. He was genuinely kind and happy to help us, but it doesn't make up for the fact that once both of us were seated, it took 15 minutes-plus to finally let them know what we wanted to eat. Add to that the wait for the food itself? My hour lunch was approaching an hour and I hadn't had anything to eat yet.

Never got a drink refill. Had to ask for silverware. Getting the to-go boxes (I took those greens to go!) and the checks was OK, but then had to wait for the payments to be processed while watching the waiter do other things.

OK, OK, there were SOME good points.

Here we go... food. I decided to try the liver and onions. You get to choose three (huge portions here!) sides. I went with mac and cheese, collard greens, and fried cabbage. (Oy, I did not come here expecting to adhere to any diet, that's for sure!)

The large portion of liver was cooked perfectly but the cut was off. Too much connective tissue running through it. I'd rather smaller pieces cut away from the parts you can't chew/eat. It had a hint of a breading/coating on it that was not bad, not over the top. But I had a small bit where it was all flour. No bueno.

The collard greens were the best ever. Seriously. Eat them. (Insert "Eat All The Greens! meme here.)

The mac was good, definitely homemade. I only tasted it because pasta is not my friend, but the flavors and composition were really decent. Not amazing, but decent.

The cabbage was, against all odds, really great. Too oily/buttery for MY tastes, but still managing not to be wilted and brown; it was bright, a tad crisp. Surprisingly good but slightly over on the grease scale for MY tastes (trying to be fair... it is, after all, "fried cabbage!").

S's massive portion of meatloaf with rice with gravy were good, she said, though the yams were a tad on the raw side. She also had the mac and agreed: good, yes, tasty, but nothing to write home about. (To go box for the food here, too, so that says a little something.)

Another thing I didn't love? The photos on the menu didn't seem to totally match the food. Not just like, "hey, mine doesn't look like that," but in a "they don't even offer that on their menu!" sort of way. I felt cheated that I couldn't order cole slaw or green beans, even though they were so prominently displayed.

Huge portions of mostly OK-ish food. Smiley but slooooow service. Prices are fine based on portions, but when it's just OK? *sigh* 

Just not excited about a return trip.
Just tried Ella Em's Soul Food for the first time.  DELICIOUS   I had ox tails, my favorite with gravy rice, yams and collard greens.  Everything was perfect.   The oxtails were tender and flavorful, the greens cooked just right, not too salty, not too heavy.  The yams were pretty and sweetened to perfection.  I'm a flight attendant so I dine on all kinds of food all over the world and believe me.  Ella Em's is the real thing.  I hope they stay around.  It's a 30 minute drive from my house, good thing it's not closer or my ass would be as big as a 747.  Worth the drive and the darling girl waitress is adorable.
Moving here from Chicago, I just never thought about soul food in Vegas., but after today,,, Man o man!  The Oven baked ribs were on point as well as the black eye peas, fried cabbage and yams!  I will be back!
We have been reading reviews for Ellla Ems for some time now and always wanted to try it. This past Sunday we were planning on trying breakfast at the new "Lumberjack's" restaurant on Craig rd. but when we arrived there was a 30 minute wait and we decided to see if Ella Ems served breakfast. They do not really serve breakfast but the waiter recommend the chicken & waffles which you could order with or without 2 eggs. All 3 in our party ordered the chicken and waffles with eggs. Everything came out hot, and everything on the plate was delicious. The fried chicken was excellent, the waffle fresh and a good size, two eggs were cooked just how we ordered them. We will be back to try the rest of the menu.
Ok - second time and I am NOT impressed. Food was mediocre - preheating up cornbread, peach cobbler not cool- nor is telling people that some of the desserts are homemade- but I see the cheesecake factory box. I'm sure what some of the other yelper's  stated are valid and true facts as well. Out of two wait staff -only one is friendly- which is not good- nor is messing up my  order twice. Would I come back here-Nope
A - Service
A - Food
A - Time
A - Price (Better with Groupon)

Best experience.  Writing this from table.
Great food, nice atmosphere and friendly staff.
This place was pretty good and the waitress was really nice to us. She brought my toddler some extra corn bread because that's the only thing he would eat lol! I ordered the fried pork chops (pretty good), collard greens (delish), fried cabbage (blah), and mac & cheese (amazing). My husband had fried chicken and waffles and he loved it. The portions were huge. My only complaint was the restaurant wasn't very nice and the bathrooms needed TLC. I think we will order take out from now on but it was very good soul food.
Nice decor & ambiance for a strip-mall restaurant, very surprising and welcome.  We were there on a quiet afternoon and were amazed at how fantastic the food is and the service was just incredible.  One of the gals there saw me picking food off my husband's plate and brought me a serving of the same thing, gratis.  

My southern hubby had the catfish plate and loved it, and we both loved the fried cabbage.  Not a southerner, I tried their cheeseburger - it was okay but there's a reason why this isn't a burger joint ;)

Next time (and there will definitely be a next time) I'll break down and try to deal with the southern obsession with frying everything ;)
this is a awesome place i recommend it to everyone
Second time visiting EllaEms's. I sooo want to like this place especially since Granny reminds me of my Granny. I just love looking at her picture on the menu & in the restaurant. Service: A- I ordered take out and there was only one waitress who was cleaning, taking orders, etc. Price: B-A bit pricey but I can deal. Food: C/C- The food was just bland, bland, bland. No real seasoning. I'm from S. Carolina so I know down home cooking, but I was very dissapointed. I ordered the chicken (bland but fried good), fried cabbage (Ummmm so-so), and the macaroni (tasted like paper; wth)...Dont mean to be harsh but this food was not good. Seemed pretty busy so I'm guessing I'm outnumbered...Probably wont return for a 3rd time.
Firstly they do not honor the coupons as advertised on coupons.com. Cost us 25 dollars for a worthless coupon.
The service was slow, I do not blame this on the waitress since she was the sole person seating, waiting and cashier! Unbelievable, patrons were leaving because of the time it was taking to be waited on. In my opinion, this is a management issue and if this is how they choose to operate, I do not believe they will be there for long.
The food was good tasting, the catfish was a bit undercooked for my taste. The chicken, waffles, yams, rice and gravy were excellent.
If they choose to take care of customer service like they do the food service, they will need to expand!
The food was worth the wait, plan accordingly if you want to give them a try!
This little gem is about 20 minutes from the strip and well worth the trip.  Great customer service and the food was delicious.  Everything came out piping hot and tasted great!  I had the chicken and waffles, some of the best I've had.
Great service even though the place was packed and there was only one waitress.  Awesome lunch menu.
Awesome and amazing doesn't do justice!!!! We had never been before but we are certainly going back. Three people three different meals three amazingly happy people! 
The fried chicken was the best I have ever had from a restaurant. The cat fish was beyond expectations! The oxtail was so good! With each entree you get three sides. The cabbage and greens were the best I have ever had (please don't tell my mom and Granny). The mac and cheese was homemade and so good! The yams made me long for Thanksgiving! 
Yet the best part of this entire place was the service!!! Kimberly was so friendly and warm. She gave great suggestions on the food and was spot on!
I came here on a wednesday, during my lunch break, and ordered the lunch special: chicken with collard greens and rice and gravy. Military discount 10%, came out to 8. 

- YUMMY cornbread! Can I get another :)?
- One salty piece of chicken and the other made perfectly with the right crisp. Weird.
- I shouldn't have gotten the rice and gravy. Average. May I should have gotten yams or mac and cheese? french fries?!
- Collard greens are okay. I tasted that bitter after flavor after awhile. 
- SLOW SERVICE! If you have an hour lunch, don't expect to be at work on time.
- Unique? I like the decor and music (High school flashback R&B)! OBAMA :D
There aren't very many places to get soul food in Vegas, so this was a pleasant surprise. It appears to be a family run restaurant and there's not too many staff members here. There was one waitress/hostess here when I came for lunch, so the service was a little slow but expected. 

I got the $7 lunch special that comes with an entree choice, two sides, and cornbread. I had the fried chicken, which was decent but not great. I had a drumstick that was cooked to perfection, but a breast piece that was overly salty. Not sure why that was. I also got a chance to try the catfish that my coworker ordered and I would get that if I were to come back. Perfectly crisp and flavorful.

Among the sides I tried, the cabbage and yams were good, while the mac and cheese and collared green were just alright.

The cornbread was very moist with good texture as well.

If there were a 0.5 star rating, I would probably give EllaEm's a 3.5 overall. There are hits or misses on the menu. Also, some extra staff members to help with the service would be beneficial.
We decided to have dinner here on Friday night after reading some of the reviews. 
My fiance is from NC so his taste buds are hard to please when it comes to southern food. Upon entering there were 3 ladies (servers I assume, they were all wearing black) and one couple having dinner. The decor is nice and enjoyed the "home-like" feeling of the Granny pictures. They must have satellite radio and the best radio station ever, it was warm, inviting, and even a little romantic at times with the selection of music, soul, jazz and R&B. The server immediately came to our table and took our drink order. My Fiance had the fried chicken dinner with greens, Mac n cheese and yams. I enjoyed the catfish with the same three sides except I had the mashed potatoes instead of yams. They were all very large portions, the food was nice and hot and yes, everyone is right, the corns bread is pretty yummy...................but can we talk about the catfish????
Even if you are not a fish lover, you should try this!!!! It is crispy on the outside, the breading or whatever they use is not to thick or overpowering, it's perfectly seasoned and crunchy, but wait, when you get to the fish.....OH MY! It is like butter; it melts in your mouth and is so delicious you would never even think it is fish. Definitely the best WE have ever had (yes I had to share, the meal was large)
I am not from the south, but have visited NC and eaten catfish at many other places before and this is by far the best I have ever had. The server, ( I am sorry I do not remember her name) was also very helpful, when I explained this was our first time there and may need assistance suggesting dessert, was very pleasant and helpful. As they got busier, (many people were coming in to pick up to-go orders) and three more parties came in, we were constantly checked by the other servers, asking not only if we were ok but if there was anything else they can get for us.
Overall, we were extremely happy and will definitely go back!
Great atmosphere. Amazing food. Friendly service. Definitely a place we will go again!!!
This had been maybe my 5th time to EllaEm's thanks to Groupon. I had always had a pleasant experience until last nite. NEVER go at night. The service was HORRIBLE. My friends and i walked in, you couldnt miss us, 3 adults with 4 kids. We sat ourselves down and no one acknowledged us. There were only 3 other guests sitting at tables so it wasnt busy at all. So we sat, and sat, until i got a little anxious and finally one waitress walks over past my table didnt look at me and go to my friends table and pass her one menu...I was thinking didnt that silly girl see all of us walk in and why would she only give her one menu then turn around and walk away. I wondered were me and my kids invisible?? Well finally another waitress came over Heather to take my order and all. Tonight my review of the place is mostly of the service because that determines whether i want to spend my time and money at a place where the employees are so very rude.
My friends and i had sat at two different tables next to each other since it was 8 of us. Their waitress (the rude one) had taken their drink request and all before mine did, however my waitress brought out my drinks and cornbread before theirs did and when she did i watched as she kinda slammed it on the table WTH?
Another couple came into the door an ederly couple and she was right on them as soon as they hit the door with their menus and giving them their drinks and they had not been in the door 5 full minutes. I know we counted. SO this really mad my friends mad.
I can say this the other few times i have come to EllaEms it was during the day time so maybe the day shift is friendlier, Ramon is the waiter usually there that i see and he has always given me and my friends good service. BUT last night LaRonda the rudest swinging her hair waitress has left a bad taste in my mouth. And after reading more reviews i see other people complaints about the very slow service. I would like to give them another try but i am not too sure about that.
And to hear they are microwaving the food YUK i can do that at home. THAT really makes me think twice!!!
I have eaten at EllaEm's a few times.  So far my experience has been a very good one.  The fried catfish, fried chicken wings, yams and collard greens are delicious!  I normally go during the day.  The staff is also very pleasant and accommodating every time I go.
My husband and I stumbled upon EllaEm's randomly one night. The service was top notch. I ordered the Fried Chicken sandwich and my husband ordered the Smoothered Chicken. I am giving the location a 3-star only because I wasn't a big fan of the sandwich. My husband truly enjoyed his dish. From what I was able to try without being attacked, my husband's Smoothered Chicken was great! I noticed everyone says you have to try the gravy, yes the gravy is good. I however, LOVED the corn bread.
Had the Fried Catfish, (very good), Mashed Potatoes with brown gravy,(good) collared greens,(not good) my co-worker got the grilled Red Snapper,(very good) mac and cheese(not good) and collared greens( she liked). I thought the service was good, portion size good and the restaurant was clean and well decorated.
Fo Shizzle my chicken Dizzle...

I like this place!  The place is fairly basic inside, kind of a retro - modern vibe too it.  It is set up more like a quick serve place but it has waitress service.

The service was friendly and homey.  They had some lunch specials for $8 or more.  The Fried chicken special was $8 for 2 pieces and 2 sides.  I had mac and cheese & greens... I almost ordered 2 sides of greens --- Iove greens.

The fried chicken was good.  Very lightly breaded, crispy skin and juicy on the inside.  The seasoning on the fried chicken was a little boring but the chicken was cooked just right.  I did experience an unpleasant bite when there seemed to be a nugget of salt all in one bite.  I guess that happens sometimes.  The mac and cheese was pretty good.  The greens were tender and full of flavor.  Soul food has a ton of salt in it, just in my opinion the salt could be toned down.  Of course, I wouldn't mess with a family recipe that has been passed down through the generations just because some Asian guy said something on Yelp.

While I was eating the chicken I looked at my fingers and they didn't have any grease on them.  I realized that the chicken was not greasy at all.  Just crispy & Juicy.

The $8 lunch special over all was excellent.  The portions were generous.  The food was way above average soul food.  I would prefer a real piece of cornbread instead of the little muffin they serve.  I will go back fo sho!

Side note:  While I was there I saw Dina Titus eating Lunch, and I noticed Too Short in the pics for this place. You have to love a place that has served both Too Short & Dina Titus!!! Maybe not at the same time but still, how many places can say that???
This is my second time to EllaEm's, the first was with my girlfriend and we thought it was amazing then. This time my grandmother was in town so I decided to take her somewhere different. The atmosphere, service (Ramone awesome waiter!), and food is some of the best you can get in Vegas. Hearty home style cooked meals are hard to come by but this place nails it.
My best friend and I have been twice in the last month, and I must say, it's that good. I had the fried cabbage for the first time and ended up ordering a side of it to go. Two thumbs up!!
Omg!!! A friend and I visited this soul food spot on 12/1/12. The young lady that helped us was AWESOME!!! She took her time explaining the menu and was just the nicest young lady. The restaurant is small but cozy,great music was playing
I had the red snapper and was quite impressed!! My friend had the chitterlings dinner and she raved about how tasty they were. We found out the owner is from the Bay Area so that explained a lot since were also from those parts. All I can say is keep up the good work and if anyone is looking for a soul food spot THIS IS IT!!!!
We had a late lunch here a few weeks ago and it blew us away! So good. Friendly staff and great food. Much better than M&M Soul Food. Better prices and better tasting food.

I don't need to have the staff at a soul food restaurant serve me wearing tuxedo shirts and bowties like they do at M&M. 

We will return often to EllaEm's!
Very warm welcome when you enter. Food was prepared freshly and delivered in a scrumptious display. Kind of expensive 4 people with regular size dinner meals came up to $90.
Found this restaurant on Yelp while driving around Craig. What a great recommendation for a comforting and filling brunch. Had fried chicken (awesome) and the sides where southern perfection. My friend had the meatloaf which was moist and delicious. Recommended! On a side note there is no pork used in the side dishes or gravy, so you non pork eaters can enjoy guiltless food! Service was extremely friendly and quick.
Delicious! Started off with a sweet tea, then I ordered the liver and onions, and my friend ordered the fried chicken and gravy. My sides were black eyed peas, fried cabbage, and collard greens. The liver and onions was smothered in gravy, and very tasty. Not too salty, and not bland. There was a lot of food for a great price- I ended up taking most of my sides home, which were very good warmed up the next day.
Food was awesome, but to super long to get with not many patrons at the time of 8pm, plus only one waiter, on Valentines night, felt bad for him then felt bad for the people who came in at 830pm and were turned away only to ask : " but on the front door doesnt it say you close at 9pm?!"...my lady ordered the Wingettes n waffles which were the bomb and I ordered the country fried steak, which was super good but it was cut into 4 pieces of what looked to be a small piece, though it was filling, the service really could use some help.
I actually parked in front of the hawaiian place and wanted to eat there but looked over and decided to give this Soul Food joint a try, all in all the food was awesome, service not so much. I only tipped the boy because he looked so overwhelmed and deserved it!
Wow, what a pleasant surprise! Originally planned to go to Poke Express next door but totally forgot that they are closed on Wednesday so we decided to visit Ella Em for some soul food grub. 

We were warmly greeted at the door by Victor who seated us right away. Entrees were a little bit on the high side ($9-15) yet still not too expensive considering you get 4 large sides including the corn bread. We also learned that lunch specials tend to run between $7-$9 and it comes with 2 sides. They also offer 10% military discount.

We ordered: 
Pork chop - This reminds me of how we cook pork chop in the Philippines! Well seasoned and tasty.
Rice & gravy - Basic rice here, nothing to write home about. The gravy was nice and and you get to choose between chicken and beef gravy. Both were delicious, but I prefer the beef gravy. I would probably skip this next time and order another side in the future.
Collard greens - Not a big fan of collard greens in general but hubby said it was good (But he had better when he was in Mississippi).
Fried cabbage - DELICIOUS! Sooo homey and definitely a big hit for both of us and we licked that bowl off for sure! We should have ordered more of these. 
Fried chicken (2 pcs) - Juicy and crispy! I love fried chicken cooked this way, lightly battered and seasoned with Granny's special seasoning. 
Mashed potatoes - Tastes like how we make it at home. Between my husband and I we could have skipped it but my daughter will probably not like that cause it's her staple.
Yams - Soooo good. Sweet with a touch of cinammon!
Corn bread - I love their corn bread but it was waaay too tiny. You can order more for 50 cent a piece. Wish they would make it thicker.

All the food that came out were freshly made and the service was friendly, we felt like we're eating home cooked meal on Thanksgiving. The kitchen is super busy with several to-go orders and it was barely 4pm, but we never felt neglected by our server. We will be back to try their catfish, oxtail, and peach cobbler. Was it authentic? I possess no authority whatsoever on southern-style cooking, but my soul was definitely tickled with such a positive dining experience.
OMG it was off the hook!!!Everything me and my husband ate was bomb! The mac-n-cheese is heaven on earth! The yams was like a party in my mouth and the ribs good lawd they were like silk on my tongue.will be back everytime we are in vegas. Customer service was on point also.
Family owned & fabulous! this place is adorable! The prices are decent, waitresses are friendly and helpful. Food service is fast & delicious! They have a lunch special for $8!!!!!!!!!! Also, chicken gravy is on point.
I'm rarely in the area and was joined by fellow Yelper Andy T.  to check the place out. Can't recall what else I had aside from the chitlins but I know, we've had better. Nothing really remarkable. I've been to M&M in Los Angeles and Kathy's (prior to their move) to name a few which were much better experiences for Soul Food in my opinion.
This small cafe has all the right ingredients-nicely decorated, friendly staff and great food!  I ordered food to go and it was bagged up fresh and hot.  I had the chicken fried steak with gravy, macaroni and cheese and collard greens.  It was truly delicious!
I would have give it 5 stars but for the cornbread.  I was expecting a large square and only got a small circular piece.  A big piece of cornbread would have topped off the perfect meal!  Will definitely go again and again.
Fried chicken, rice and gravy, cabbage and Mac and Cheese was great! Also tried the collard greens and ribs. Everything was delicious! Kyle, our server, was very nice and attentive. Can't wait to go back!
If you're in north town and craving some good ol' fashioned soul food, you definitely gotta try this place out! Their prices are good for the amount you get and the inside is very clean and welcoming, considering the poor location choice, which is in a plaza on Craig road and Revere -where stores are constantly closing and new businesses open left and right. If it is your first time and want something other than their really good fried chicken, YOU MUST TRY THE FRIED CATFISH! I don't know what they do to the catfish, but there is no fishy taste at all. (you know what I'm talking about) It's very clean tasting and the seasoning and batter is not overpowering, making this light crispy fish a must try. The sides totally compliment the food and leave me stuffed and satisfied. If you're thinking this is just your ordinary soul food joint think again, there's plenty of SOUL and HEART stirring up in this kitchen.
I said I was going to give EllaEm's 4 stars, but looking back, I don't know what they could have done better.
I went here with the work gang for a semi-going away lunch before my maternity leave. Everybody recommended the fried catfish, and although I am not usually a huge fan of catfish (what's with that gritty-like texture), I caved to peer pressure and decided to try it. Great choice! The fish itself was light and flaky and the batter was delicious and a little spicy. So good. Also, the lunch special came with 3 (3!) fillets, so that was more than enough. The lunch special ($8 I think) also comes with 2 sides, of which I chose yams (delicious and sweet, just like I like), and mac & cheese (good, typical soul-food stuff). Others at the table ordered the greens, the fried cabbage, and the mixed veggies, and the only complaint I heard was about the mixed veggies. Oh and they also brought out delicious homemade corn muffins before the meal!
The service was friendly and prompt and the iced teas (sweet & unsweet) were all delicious, too!
Overall, this place was so good that I might consider venturing up to north town just to bring my husband here!

Note to management: can you please heat up your butter or serve it in a bowl soft or something? Trying to spread those hard packets on our corn muffins almost ruined them!
one of the best catfish i've had.  i've tried so many and this one had so much flavor and yumminess.  will definitely be going back!
My husband and I both ordered the oxtail dinner.  It came with a choice of three sides.  We got mashed potatoes and gravy, collard greens, and macaroni and cheese.  Everything was absolutely delicious!!  And portions are HUGE.  definitely worth the money. Service was friendly and fast.  We will definitely be back.
Good one of the better soul food places in Las Vegas!
Soooooo Good!!!! 

I had the catfish, greens, yams, mac n' cheese and corn bread. First of all the food was very hot when served. I love that! I hate getting a cold plate of food. The catfish was cooked so Right, not all greasy but fried perfectly. The greens and yams for SOOOOO delicious. The corn was the perfect amount of sweet, just Delicious and they serve it with room temp butter, not cold butter. Cold butter with bread doesn't make sense to me. The mac n cheese was just okay to me but only because I've had some phenomenal mac n cheese homemade. It was clean, the staff was courteous and helpful. 

If you are in Vegas take the detour off the strip and hit this place up. They were named the best soul food restaurant in the Las Vegas area but I've been to several places in L.A. and they have been the best so far. 

YUMMMMMYYY!
Best soul food and best service everyone is so nice even the cook
I love finding little hidden family owned restaurants because you know they put their heart and soul onto every place... and they definitely heavily ladled on the soul!
Now down to the food:
-catfish filets: They were flaky and moist with the right amount of breading and crispiness on the outside. Not too oily, but still sinfully good
-The country fried steak was just downright comfort on a plate. Very rich- I would recommend getting the chicken gravy over the brown gravy. I think the chicken gravy just goes better. 
-Yams- amazing!! I would highly recommend this side. It's sweet almost like a sweet potato pie filling. I liked it because it almost served as a palate cleanser at the end of my meal & as dessert too! 
I will definitely be back to try the other dishes that caught my eye: oxtail, fried chicken, more catfish mmm they will need a wheel barrel to roll me away
OMG! Great Soul Food.  Our first time there today and will definitely go back.
Had the catfish, which was perfect and the best collard greens I have ever eaten.
Be sure and try the yams too, oh so yummy!! They also know how to make sweet
tea, and portions are large. Service was GREAT!
Great soul food.  I rolled by and picked up the fried chicken "to-go".  I got home and it was soooo good.  Perfectly seasoned and spiced.

The food took a little long to cook (about 20 min) for a call in order but well worth it.  The staff was very helpful and attentive.  

Unfortunately, they only honor a military discount with the combo plates and not individual items.  Looks like ill have to roll by for a combo plate and try the catfish.
Yum. Yum. Yum. So glad we stopped in. We were looking for a great fried chicken meal and we found it. Everything is homemade and delicious. We'll definitely be back.
First off, I loved the whole atmosphere of this place! It's a real small, family owned spot that's kind of tucked away in a shopping center and easy to miss. This may just be me but the interior has a 50's diner kinda feel with the red & chrome which I thought was cool. They also keep their restaurant really clean and that's a huge plus.

We ended up going fry crazy haha. I went with the catfish and my wife picked the fried chicken, and let me tell you...they know how to fry food at this place! Both the chicken and fish were fried completely even to a perfect gold brown. The catfish was unbelievable! It's cooked just right with that "oh, so good" tender flakiness and their seasoning is dead on. Not too heavy with a little kick and just enough flavor to compliment the fish. The chicken was pretty dang good too but it had a slight flour taste which could probably even out with a little more salt. They aren't skimpy with portions either...alongside the fish or chicken, you get 3 sides and cornbread. Their mac n cheese is just ok but they have really good greens, red beans and the cornbread was definitely up in the top compared to most places in town.

Easily one of the top spots to go to if you're looking for good fried food! They have amazing food with a good selection and with the portions you get, the price is hard to beat. We went in at about 8pm on Friday and they were getting slammed with customers so I really think they could benefit from staying open a little later. It felt like we were being slightly rushed which is why I'd give them 4 stars but I'll definitely be coming back for more!
5 stars! Oh my if you're looking for great fresh and hot Down home SoulFood 
look no farther you have came to the right place. This past Sunday, Oct. 6 2013 my mother and I came in here from church I order the catfish dinner with my choice of three sides: rice with beef gravy, collard greens and yams. Everything was dellicous the only downside if you can even call it that is the small potion of cornbread.  Maybe their trying to help us save on calories? lol I  could tell by looking at it that it was going to be awesome which it was. Next time I'll  order more cornbread I was in a bit of a hurry due to having goceries in the car.
It was the best chicken and waffles ever and the service very friendly. My fiance who ate at  Roscos in La when he lived there said it even beat them for their chicken and waffles . So we recommend it to all our friends who live here and come here to visit.
When you think of Soul Food, Catfish comes to mind. No, not the stupid reality show on tv but the real actual fish. Here they do have it with your choice of it fried or grilled. They also have Chicken n Waffles. I took my 12 year old son with me to check this place out. We did ended up getting the Catfish and the Chicken n Waffles.

The Chicken n Waffles were pretty good. You get 3 nice sized chicken wings, a waffle, and eggs any style you want. The chicken was crispy and slight breading to it. The waffle was just ok. I was expecting to be at least a little more crispy than it appeared. The eggs we got scrambled. Nothing special to note there.

The Grilled Cajun Catfish was good as well. Came with your choice of 3 sides. I picked Mashed Potatoes with Beef Gravy, Mac n Cheese, and Mixed Veggies. This is where I got really disappointed. The Catfish was decent but all the sides tasted a bit bland and was lukewarm. The veggies were definitely not fresh because it was partially soggy, it looked lifeless, and was chewy when I took a bite. The Mac n Cheese tasted like what I make my kids at home with the instant microwave stuff. It's not fancy but it is good enough for them. Here at a restaurant that is unacceptable. Last but not least, the Mashed Potatoes were a bit dry. Maybe they didn't put enough water or milk in the mix before putting it in the microwave?

As for service, they are a bit slow here. We came in at 6:45 pm on a Tuesday night. There were only two other tables occupied at the time. We got our food I would say about 15 minutes later. After about 5 minutes both our drinks were empty. Another 5 minutes later I had to ask for a refill on both our drinks. Rule of thumb, if you have to ask for refills after so much time has passed, that is not good service. 

In closing, I would stick to ordering the Chicken n Waffles and Catfish. Stay away from the sides, well at least what I ordered. To be fair I cant assume everything was nuked. I also would like to try other items so I can give them the benefit of the doubt especially if it warrants updating this review. Until then, its 2 stars for me.
Enjoyed dinner tonight for sure. Catfish and fried cabbage is a must!  Oxtail with rice and gravy was also very good! We will try fried chicken next time. Fast and very friendly staff!
EllaEm,s a unique house of soul food. As soon as you walk in you are greeted with a smile and very friendly staff. We had the lunch special catfish and two sides of your choice and fresh hot cornbread that was lip smacking. 
If your in the area give them a try, there was nothing wrong I give 4 stars cause there is always room for more improvement.
Food was amazing. Good home cooking. I highly recommend this place. The service was outstanding as well. Ramon made us feel like we were regulars even though was our first time there. Good food and good music.
It was my first time to dine there last week, I just have to say that the service, and especially the food, was excellent!!! Anisha, my server extraordinaire, was just lovely! She was very knowledgable about the entire menu, extremely accommodating, and was so much sweeter than my sweet tea! I will definitely come back, with even more friends next time! I think I've found myself a new soul food hang out! My goal is to try everything on the menu, and eventually go back and make a few favorites! The place may be far away from my house, but it is definitely worth the trip! For that kind of food, and with that amazing service, you will be coming back for more! It'll feed your belly and your soul! Much love, EllaEm's staff! (Especially to Anisha!!!) Can't wait to go back!!!
The food here is fantastic! I am from NC so soul food is in my blood (and on my hips!). You get a ton of food, no way anyone can handle an entree and the 3 sides in one sitting. The ox tails were tender and seasoned well; yams were excellent, collard greens were amazing; and the mac and cheese was tasty, although the cheese/eggs were a little curdled. We will definitely visit there a lot to get our soul food fix!
Yum yum YUM!!!!! My top soul food restaurant by far!  It's hard to find good catfish in Vegas, but theirs is always fresh tasting, cooked perfectly, and just down right delicious! 

I will admit that's sometimes the sides aren't consistent, but I've had more good days than bad. 

Mac n cheese, yams, greens, and red beans n rice are my top picks! 

Definitely worth a visit!!!
This place is fantastic, the food is delicious and Kim was outstanding in assisting us. We will definitely return for a visit when we're in Las Vegas!!!
Ate there four times in two weeks. I had Red Snapper, greens, potato salad and mac n cheese twice. I also had fried chicken two sides of greens and red beans and rice. Oxtails and gotta say I love the cornbread! So good!!! 

Service was cool, our waitress was very personable and funny, The chef over heard me talking about the food, came out introduced himself and we cracked a few jokes. It truly was good home cooking. Food came out fast and steaming hot just like I it!
My husband and I went here on Valentine's Day for breakfast. Since we were the only one's there it was really intimate. We ordered the Chicken n Waffle breakfast, VERY GOOD. We will go back again but it will be for dinner. :)
OMG! Great food! The collard greens and black eyed peas were better than I grew up with!  No main entre is even necessary. .. I got the fried chicken and my wife got the ribs.  Each entre comes with 3 sides.  My wife got the fried cabbage and Mac and cheese (e both got the greens).  I'm not a big Mac and cheese lover but couldn't help but steal a few bites of hers. Simply awesome! 
Best fried chicken in Vegas hands down!  The ribs were also good. ..
Good service with nice kids serving.  The young man that waited on us had a real passion for the food and it showed in his body language and words. 
Dumbstruck going back soon!  Next is the catfish.  Saw it on a customers table.  Looked amazing! That customer was very happy!
The best soul food I had in Vegas by far so if your in Vegas you might want to make the effort to get some good soul food
Ok, first I must say I was a bit turned off by the girls working behind the counter. They had a tendency to play with their hair and not once thought about washing or sanitizing their hands. I brought it to their attention. They weren't happy with me but oh well. 
Then a change of Shift and the scenario was completely different. 
First let me say Thank You Ramon. You made our stay fabulous. When Ramon was working he sanitized the silverware. Whenever he worked with someone's food he always had gloves on and was extremely pleasant. Whenever he handled money he always sanitized afterwards. I am impressed. 
The restaurant is extremely clean, a good find no doubt. 
The food brought back memories I cherish if being back in Greensboro North Carolina at my Aunt Sadie's home at dinner time. 
Everything that came to us was flavorful and absolutely delicious. Catfish and fried chicken, crispy and not greasy, an awesome cook. Cabbage cooked with bacon wow, red beans and rice right out of the south. 
Out of all the things that make me mad is the fact that I haven't found it before today. 
Be Warned I will be back.
Introduced to this place on Monday this week, been here everyday since for lunch.  Best Catfish and Meatloaf ive ever had.  After having a meal here my belly feels so warm and satisfied.. Makes a crappy day amazing!! Will be back here very often.
Very impressed!

My Chicken & Waffles craving led me to a long awaited bookmark, right next door to my favorite Hawaiian spot in town!

Ordered the Wingettes & Waffle (Lunch Special). The chicken was good, crispy and juicy with a very tasty waffle!  Not my favorite chicken in town, but it was done well, and the waffle was great!

Eva had the Fried Pork Chops (Lunch Special). Comes with two sides...we chose Black Eyed Peas and Collard Greens. The pork chops were pretty much PERFECT! Very thin, crispy and tender...so good!  Doesn't get much better than this guys!

On a side note, the Cornbread here is DELICIOUS!  It comes out piping hot with just the right amount of moisture inside....like a great cake.  It doesn't even need BUTTER!  

And to finish, we were recommended the Peach Cobbler. This was good as well. I liked the crust/breading here...they make this fresh in-house.

Recommended!
The food here is excellent, I think the collard greens were the most outstanding item...really, really good!   We both had the fried chicken and it was fresh and super crispy.  

Nice environment and the servers are very lovely.
Hands down best soul food joint I've had yet. There are still a couple I haven't tried in Vegas. So as of now this place takes the lead!

They are voted "Best soul food restaurant in Las Vegas" and they do live up to that reputation. When you first walk in, it's kind of small but had a homey comfy feel. The ladies there were very warm and welcoming. Advising us we can take a seat where ever we feel comfortable. Service was excellent. Someone came and got our drinks and order real quick.

I ordered the smothered chicken, white meat. It comes with 3 sides & also cornbread. I got -- mashed potatoes, greens, & Mac n cheese. And oh my goodness. The mashed potatoes were one of the best I ever had. Idk what they put in it but it was so creamy and the gravy accented the mashed potatoes just right. The greens were pretty alright, nothing special about them though. Mac n cheese was da bomb! It had just the right amount of cheesiness. Now let me tell you about the chicken! The chicken was perfection. Even tho it was fried, it wasn't dry, it was so moist! I do recommend getting the white meat instead of dark because it does make a difference on the taste. 

The beau got the chicken and waffles. It doesn't come with sides but it does come with 3 chicken wings, eggs (your choice of how it's cooked) & comes with corn bread as well. The portions are large so he could barely finish his 3rd chicken. He loved and thought the chicken was delicious as well. 

I'm impressed with this restaurant & will probably return when I need a little Soul in me. Lol
My second attempt at Soul Food in Vegas landed me at EllaEm's. I am much more pleased with this experience over Gritz Cafe. I was greeted promptly by a beautiful young lady who was very attentive throughout my dining experience. I ordered the fried pork chops with fried cabbage and collard greens. My food arrived hot and the portion size was just right. If you're looking for soul food in Vegas, the quest ends here.
We had a great meal here. LOVED the fried chicken ( dark meat although you can get breast meat if you prefer), fried fish, and ribs. Collard green were tasty, Mac and cheese a bit bland, yams were yummy (a little sweet for me but others liked them). Service was terrific and super nice. The only disappointment was the peach cobbler made with canned peaches and it had a soggy underdone crust. No need for dessert anyway because portions are generous. Give this place a try.
The best food ever
I was again @ my favorite place to eat Saturday again I love the food & my pretty waitress
Southern food is an art. I use the term southern, whereas EllaEm's and many of the cafes of this type in town use Soul Food. I believe they are synonymous as both southern and soul food share almost all aspects. They most unifying similarity is they are both born out of poverty, and this is what makes southern/soul food an art. It is easy to make a fantastic meal when you have the finest cuts of meat and important spices with which to flavor the food. However, when you have to create magic from the poorest cuts of meat, vegetables that are easy to grow and considered common, and your spice palate consist of little more than salt, pepper and broth that is the example of a true artist. It is easy to paint when you have all the paints and a fine canvas, but to create something out of nothing with almost nothing shows real talent. 

EllaEm's is artistry on display. It is fine southern food with flavor to spare. This is not a diet conscious restaurant where calories can be counted. It is instead a representation of a culture where food is used as an offering of love, and often the best of times happen around a dinner table. There is little pomp, and no circumstances here, just good food at a reasonable price...well mostly reasonable. 

On my first visit I had the fried chicken (dark meat), fried cabbage, red beans and rice, mashed potatoes and gravy, and two corn muffins (my heart will never forgive me). The chicken was excellent, very moist and fresh with a good crispy crust. My one of only two complaints from the evening was there were only two pieces of dark meat chicken. The sides made it more than enough for a fulfilling meal, but one more piece of chicken would have made me feel better about the order. The red beans and rice were good, but not great. The mashed potatoes with chicken gravy were to die for. I must return to have the chicken and waffles with chicken gravy (for which my heart will once again curse me). I had the fried cabbage at the suggestion of my friendly and courteous, albeit somewhat slow, server (second small complaint) . The cabbage was perhaps the best part of the meal, and would win hands down if not for the corn muffin. Go ahead and order two at the start because one is just not going to cut it. 

I would like to give EllaEm's 4.5 stars because of the two small discrepancies I mentioned above. I rounded up instead of down because ElleEm's is exactly the type of business I, and I hope you, like to support. It is local owned, not in a fancy location, and providing a good service at a reasonable price. I big you if you are wanting a good meal with a distinct American cultural edge, chose ElleEm's over any one of the worthless and "soulless" chain restaurants which litter our city. It adds wonderfully to the burgeoning community Vegas has so long needed.
I guess the thing that messes things up for ElllaEm's is that I grew up on soul food in L.A. and it's simply better than any I've had in LV....M & Ms, Roscoe's Chicken N Waffles, Aunt Kizzy's Back Porch, Harold & Belles...you hear me knockin'?

Went with the chicken  and waffles and they were ok.  The chicken needs more seasoning and there needs to be a few more pieces on the plate. The waffle needs to be pumped up some because they are a bit on the thin side and not too flavorful. I would recommend there be a host/ hostess  posted  at the entrance because when you walk in you don't know what to do. Do I wait  for a server or do I just pick my own seat?  Service needs to be faster as well, we waited far too long  for the amount of food we ordered. 

Now, me and my out of town guests  were dead set on trying the peach cobbler but they said they ran out. I love cobbler so I tried again on Sunday and they ran out again. Still have not tried the cobbler.

I think EllaEm's excels at their sides. The yams are some of the best anywhere. The collard greens are excellent and the fried cabbage is pure perfection. However,  the mac n cheese was just ok. 

Prices are reasonable  and parking is really good. There are several other good eateries within this shopping center as well. For first timers I recommend ordering the pork chops, collard greens, yams and the cobbler......if you can find it.
I had the oxtails (which were excellent) and mac & cheese,  potato salad,  & black eye peas as sides.  Lysa ordered the fried chicken with greens, mac & cheese,  and steamed vegetables as sides.   The food was very well prepared and quite tasty.   No doubt we will be making regular visits here.  The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because of the less than stellar service that we got from the young man.  First of all, he didn't know the menu.   He tried hard enough but needs help.  We ordered the German chocolate cake for dessert and he said that we had to pay for it before he will serve it.  WHAT?!
In spite of that,  don't be surprised if you see us there.   Over and over again.
FOOD- awesome awesome awesome!!!! ive only had the OX Tail and the waffles/chicken and it was absolutely delicious.

SERVICE- AWESOME. The people are friendly, they ask how everything is doing, and they are very respectful. 

Atmosphere- Great. 

Price- The OX tail is pricey, but well worth it. 

Very well could be the best Soul Food in las vegas... as it was rewarded for 2 years. I dont like N. Las Vegas to begin with but i'm glad we at least have this on our side of town.
Came on Father's Day to check out the menu items as I was looking for some soul food. I had the catfish, Mac cheese, greens, and mashed potatoes. The catfish was great, the mashed potatoes were delicious. I had the chicken gravy on my mashed potatoes. The Mac cheese was very disappointing as were the greens. The greens had too much of the stems left on them and the Mac cheese was dry and no cheese flavor. The server was really nice but unfortunately the service was extremely slow. They should also greet guest when they come in as we were unsure if we should stand in line and place the order for here or if we should sit and wait for the server. The servers kept passing us by while we sat so my daughter stood in line and then asked if we had to give the order and then sit down. Other guest were confused as well. I will still come again but may just have my order to go.
First off, I am one picky SOB and do not take my soul food lightly. I was skeptical of Ella Ems like I am of all restaurants.  Since this was my first visit I asked the woman behind the counter what she recommended. I went with her recommendation and ordered the ox tails with collard greens, red beans and rice wth gravy.  I ordered my food to go because I left my boxer out of his crate and don't know if he will destroy anything.

Let me tell you every dish was seasoned and cooked to perfection. Beans, greens, oxtails and rice. The gravy was also delicious. The only thing I did not care for was the cornbread muffin. It is too sweet for my liking, it is closer to cornbread cake. If the cornbread was more savory I would have given 5 stars. 

The staff yet needs to be evaluated from a dine in standpoint and I will do that on my next visit. Yes I will be back. This establishment is definitely worth visiting. What are you waiting for, go!

And now, the idis.....
EllaEm's popped my soul food cherry, and since I have absolutely nothing to compare it to (besides the chicken and waffles at Roscoe's), I'm gonna say that this place is freaking delicious. 

I ordered the fried catfish. It comes with any 3 sides of your choice. I originally chose the Mac & cheese, potato salad, and mashed potatoes with beef gravy, but our waitress said they were out of potato salad at the moment so I settled for the candied yams instead. My boyfriend ordered the Wingettes & Waffles, which is just chicken wings and a waffle. 

The fried catfish was cooked great. It wasn't too oily at all. The Mac and cheese tasted no different from any other Mac and cheese but the mashed potatoes and candied yams were probably the best I ever had, and I don't even like yams lol. The portions of both the catfish and the sides were huge. So big that there was no way I could've finished it all no matter how hard I was trying. My boyfriend's chicken and waffles were also delicious. The waffle was kinda thin but it was still really flavorful to me. I didn't try the fried chicken wings by itself but the way they cook their chicken and their homemade waffle recipe made for a perfect combination. 

About 15 minutes after we started eating, our waitress came back to our table with a side of potato salad for me, on the house, because she felt bad that they didn't have any when she took my order. So that was really nice. The potato salad was just okay though /: I actually felt kinda bad that I didn't like it more than I did since she was giving it to me for free and all lol.

I'd rate their service a 4.9 out of 5 though. Only because when we first walked in we were instantly confused. We weren't greeted at the door by a hostess or anything so we weren't sure if we were supposed to go up to the counter and order or wait to be seated or seat ourselves. (FYI you seat yourselves) Out waitress was really nice. She took care of us; never let our cups go empty, checked up on us an appropriate amount of times, made us feel comfortable and at home, and she even complimented me on my eyes lol. (I gave her an extra couple dollars for her tip for that one haha) By reading the reviews, I noticed a lot of people complaining about how "slow" their service is. I am wholeheartedly disagreeing with that. Yeah, they're not fast food restaurant speedy, but for the fact that they're actually COOKING their food made to order and for how much food they put on the plate, their service is undeserving of being called slow. But that's just my opinion.

All in all, very good. And I will definitely be going back again... and again and again and again lol.
Stopped in for carry out. 
Food:   Delicious 
Service:    Awesome 
Price:   Very Reasonable

WILL BE BACK !!

I loved the mashed potatoes !!
I came to Las Vegas, NV from San Diego, CA in June 2014 to visit my daugther who is a teacher. I asked her to take me to a good soul food place and she took me to EllaEm's.  I ordered the Oxtails and my dauther ordered the Barbeque Ribs. OMG, the food was great! The customer service was outstanding and the price is right! I have told everyone in San Diego how great the food and service was at EllaEm's. So get ready EllaEm's you will see me again and several others from San Diego. From now on when I 'm visiting my daugther, EllaEm's is on my list as the place to eat.
Went on a recommendation of a friend and they where right. Best okra, home style Mac and cheese, delicious mash potatoes and fried chicken. Homemade lemonade was yummy! If you like good old fashion home cooking this is the place!
I love Lolo's Chicken & Waffles just as much as the next sheep but Off Da Hook Soul Food is where its at...NOW.  There's a new place that popped up on Glendale just east of 19th Ave which is a must go.  All Soul Food...All the Time...7 days a week in fact.

Get there asap..for a soul food experience you just might like more than Lolo's..Im just keeping it real because I think I rushed to this place because although Lolo's was my go-to spot, it was starting to become my have-to spot who occasionally gave me soggy waffles and fried chicken someone dropped the salt shaker in that day.

Note. I did not get to try the Mac & Cheese at Off Da Hook so that Lolo's still holds my top Macaroni and Cheese spot.

OK

Fried Chicken Wings:
Moist, Crispy, Not Greasy (seriously, it was all crispy grease-free skin, weird but very pleasant), less salt-mo pepper seasoning which is what I meant by this is a whole notha chicken compared to what I am used to... but I am freakin in love with it

Fries:
Good and with the all necessary seasoned salt

Corn Bread:
Bread, not a muffin, but I can live with that as long as I can slather hot sauce or honey on it I'm good

Waffle:
Extra Brown, Extra Crispy, Moist on the inside, and served with a modest amount (not a half cup) of whipped butter and some thick a** syrup in that pretty little glass syrup bottle.  Best waffle Ive ever had.  I always felt something missing from all the waffles Ive done before, but now I know the lasting brown crisp was what I have been missing because something needs to stand up to syrup.  Don't anyone come after me saying their waffle was burnt because just wait till your syrup lays all over that and you will know what it is I'm talking bout.

Kool-Aid:
Kick you in the pants sweet, but with all that ice it all smooths out

Price:
Average soul food prices
$7.00 - $9.00 a plate
$1.00 - $4.00 per side
Great basket specials like 8 wings & fries for $10, or 2 wings & fries for $4 I think? 

Atmosphere:
Typical, but lotsa people for only being a week, and it was nice to bask in a restaurant stinking with the sweet spice smell of homemade sweet potato pie.

Service:
Great service, waiter repeats all you ordered back to you, got my drinks to me within 5 minutes, food within 20 more minutes and totally-totally made up for the macaroni and cheese shortage.

4 stars for now...I wanted to do 5 but I didn't get to try more since my tummy can only handle so much goodness on one Friday night.

You will love it as an incredible change from the typical have-to spot.
Tonight we found our new little hole in the wall joint. Brand new at this location ( the owner has another in the camelback swapmart)  this is one sweet little find. Housed in a small restaurant that just opened in the beginning of January . 

Clean and neat as you enter this place ,  it seems ready to meet all your soul food needs. The menu offers such standards as fried chicken , fried catfish , ribs,  waffles and my new favorite  fried shrimp. We we first entered the service was a bit off , with many people coming in for take out and us sitting down we kind of got lost in the crowd. But soon our waiter got back to us with apologies and we were ready to start the meal.   For tonight's meal we had Catfish , cornbread , yams , fried shrimp, cabbage , beans and rice and sweet potatoe pie.   From the first taster we were happy with our choice to stop in. With tons of pepper and soul this food made us feel homestyle good. We were impressed with each item with exception to the macaroni and cheese , which  was a bit bland in comparison to bursts of flavor in everything else.  Big favorite were  the cabbage -wow what a tasty surprise great home seasoning and velvety taste. 
We also really liked the sweet potato pie , it was in a light crust and had a delicate flavor not overly sweeten and very smooth. 

The owner is a big sweetheart of a guy and offered us a taste of his new macaroni salad which tasted like dear old moms.  Yum! 

If you go give a call and ask if they are serving your favorite because with the great tastes they are serving they go quick!   Can't wait to go back and try the ribs!
I'm fi'in to be back soon.  Oh yea.

It won't matter what you get it on, as long as you get the breading.  

The breading.   !!    Somehow this stuff defies the laws of physics and packs more good stuff into its thin, crispy layers than should be able to fit.  !!

I had a Pork Chop Sandwhich with fries for $6.50, and the chop was HEE-UGE.  You can get catfish, chicken, whatever.  Get something breaded.   (!!)  I'm sure the ribs are great, but they don't have them breaded, so forget it.  (Just kidding - I wanted ribs, but they weren't ready yet. "He won't serve them until they're tender enough," said the server, of the chef.)

I also overheard a neat conversation about how they wanted to be sure to be able to advertise "GREEN", and that, among other things to that effect, all of the interior decorating -- chairs, tables, wainscotting, etc -- was recycled.   Fabulous.  Do they come breaded?
Fans of the Fantastic Indoor Swap Mart may recognize Off Da Hook as one of the dining options at that swap. Now, you can get your soul on without being inundated by the minor freak show that is FISM, unless you're like me and enjoy such things. 

Off Da Hook is appropriately named, because they have the best soul food north of downtown, hands down. The chicken and waffles combine perfectly, with crispy juicy chicken atop a wonderfully tasty waffle. The greens were wonderful, but I found the mac and cheese a little on the weak side. Nothing a little hot sauce didn't fix. 

As has been our experience as all soul food restaurants, the service was impeccable. Attentive, amicable and efficient. 

Ambiance is lacking, but who has time to look around the room once you get this food? 

The prices did seem a tad high, but if you want great food and service, it's just what you have to do. Solid.
Andre, the owner of Off Da Hook Soul Food Restaurant, is a true foodie. When he noticed that the fried chicken breast on my plate might be a little dry, he cooked up a new one for me. His goal is to serve the same quality food in his restaurant that he'd want to eat at home. He can invite me there anytime.
     We each ordered a plate: smothered pork chops ($10.50) for Ken and fried chicken ($9.50) for me. Each came with two sides, so we opted for mac and cheese, cabbage, greens, and yams (all the sides are $4 if ordered a la carte), and corn bread. Since it was busy, Andre gave us some corn bread to "keep us busy". It was burn-the-fingers hot. Whether it got that way in the microwave I don't know, because it was so buttery-sweet-good it got eaten before it could change texture. The chicken was delicious, with a light peppery crust and moist meat. The two pork chops on Ken's plate were huge, and to use Ken's word, "astounding". They had also been breaded and fried, but they remained succulent. All the sides were outstanding, to a great extent because they're not loaded with salt. The cabbage was nice and sweet, and the mac and cheese gooey and rich (although I have to say that Bobby Q is still has my #1). The yams were fabulous - in a nice, lightly spiced syrup, they could have been dessert. Since the portions are more than generous, we took home a piece of sweet potato pie ($3). I'm glad that we hadn't tried it at the end of our meal as it was disappointing. The filling was one-dimensional and the crust unpleasant. Hopefully the peach cobbler or red velvet cake are better. 
     There are lots more things on the menu I'd like to try. I'm not sure Ken will ever be able to get beyond the pork chops. Ribs, meatloaf, fried shrimp, and oxtails. Some of Andre's family is from Louisiana, so there's gumbo and red beans and rice. Catfish and red snapper. You can even get baked chicken - but why would you?
     The restaurant is small, with an active take-out business. It's clean, tables get bussed quickly, and everybody is friendly. In fact, we spent a pleasant half hour talking food with Andre. There's another location at the swap meet at 5115 N. 27th Ave.
If I could give this place zero stars I would. I am going to California next weekend and was told to try Roscoes Chicken and Waffles. That sounded like a good idea to me and I thought I should try a chicken and waffles place here in Phoenix and compare. Well, I found Off Da Hook and thought it sounded pretty good so off I went. 
   Sadly I will never know if this place is good or not. When I walked in, the place was pretty full with a few people sitting on the little couch in front of the area where you pay. I stood for a second then asked the people on the couch if they had ordered already. This is when then wheels came off. The guy sitting on the couch was rude when he told me they had already ordered. I thought I would wait a sec for the guy standing at the register to finish before I went up to place my to go order. When he left I walked up and waited for the person to come back and take my order. As I stood there I looked around the place and saw a very large employee looking at me. After a minute or so he walked over to me and said, "why dont you have a seat and someone will take your order." I said no problem and mentioned it was a to go order. He looked at me and very rudely said, "yah thats fine just sit down and we will be with you in a minute." I then sat down and the asshole stepped behind me about a foot and started talking to the people sitting on the couch. He sat there and very loudly started insulting me. Telling the people on the couch how stupid I was for standing in front of the register to place a to go order. He was no more than a foot away from me while he was doing this. This is nothing but disgusting behavior. No way in hell am I every going to let anyone to treat me in this manor. I stood up and walked out. This guy is a pig and nothing but. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE FOR ANYTHING OR ANY REASON. On the way to this dump I drove by Chik-a-rib just down the street so I went there instead. The people there were incredibly nice and bent over backwards to help me while I was there. I ordered the chicken and waffles with onion rings and mac n cheese. THERE FOOD WAS FANTASTIC!!! If you want chicken this is the place to go. Not where the rude assholes work.
So once again I didnt go grocery shopping....I think all of my reviews are starting to sound like this. 

The Hubs and I remembered that we have driven by this place many times, but had never stopped in. We are big fans of Lo Lo's so Off Da Hook was really being scrutinized by us. 

We both ordered the fried Chicken. The order comes with 2 sides each, I got the greens and yams, Hubs got mac and cheese and potato salad. It also comes with corn bread

The chicken was AMAZING! The breading is very light and fluffy! 
The greens were really good, had a great flavor to them! 
The Yams were sooo tasty and hot as all hell! 
The mac and cheese was OK. I am a big mac and cheese snob though. The hubs liked it...me not so much. 
THe potato salad was good. I liked it though it didnt taste homemade or look homemade....it was still good none the less. 
The corn bread was really realllllly good

Our waiter was fast and friendly, though he never came back to check on us, and there was only one other couple in the whole place. So that didnt sit to well with me, as I love great service. 

All in all its a great place to grab some fried chicken! We will for sure be going back!!
After reading yelp reviews, and craving soul food closer than Lo Los, I decided to try Off Da Hook.  I really liked it.  It's a small place and you can see your food being prepared in the kitchen.  The fried chicken was different than what I have had, in a good way.  Really good seasonings.  I also ordered the red beans and rice and greens, and cornbread.  All of it was very tasty.  I especially loved the cornbread.  I ordered kool-aid, but it didn't taste as good as Lo Los.  

The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is the service was a bit slow and I thought the menu could have been done a little better.  The man who took my order wasn't too friendly, but the two men in the kitchen who came out frequently were very nice.  The ambiance isn't great, but that's not what I went there for.  I will be back to try the cabbage (someone mentioned it in another review), the mac n cheese, and the breakfast special with chicken, waffle, grits, and eggs.
My first time at Off Da Hook was also my last day living in Phoenix. I came in feeling a little sad with my good friends and just wanted to eat my depression away. Of course the best way to do that is to order the all you can eat meal and stuff yourself until your eyes droop, it's only 9.99 so you kind of have to.

For my first plate I got the chicken, mashed potatoes, and red beans and rice, oh and a piece of corn bread. Everything was perfect. The breading on the chicken was delicious, not greasy, and surprisingly thin. It packed so much flavor and texture into such a small amount of space that I was able to eat more than I thought. The gravy could have been drenched over the whole plate and I would have been happy and on top of the fresh and soft mashed potatoes it was divine.

My friends got the pork chops and catfish which were both equally amazing. The breading was just as thin, crunchy and delicious and it kept everything warm and moist inside. Sadly they were sold out of greens, cabbage, yams, and green beans which I have heard are the best sides. So I suggest you get there early if you can cause things sell out.

I've been to Lolo's and that place is really good but nowhere near as good as here. My friend mentioned to the chef that he thought the waffles at Lolo's were better and the chef took it as a challenge. He said that it was because the waffle batter wasn't 100% and that he would make us a fresh batch and see if he could change our minds. And he did. He even made us a waffle with bacon in it because we said we wanted to try one that way. It's delicious if you like bacon, which come on, who doesn't?

This place has great food and the staff are incredibly friendly. They gave me hugs as I left because I was moving and we took pictures with them. They made the amazing food even better with how personable and fun they were. 

If you are in the mood for soul food then this place is worth a trip. No matter where in the valley you are, drive the extra fifteen minutes to get here.
At last, a soul food place not too far from where I live! Ryan C. was right - the pork chop is scrumptious, and the breading is fantastic: an ambrosial crispness/flavor combination. And thanks to Deb. L's review, I knew I had to order a side of cabbage, too -- and I'm glad I did; the sausage and bacon made that vegetable side really delicious. I know I'll certainly be back for more goodies, such as the chicken and waffles... though not very soon because this foodie is on a budget and they're a bit on the pricey side.
Cornbread, crispy fried chicken and a waffle..mmmm..mmmm!!
I've friends that rage about that other place in south phoenix, and would be glad to visit, but i came across this place while doing some shopping with a friend. It's located where one of my favorite greasy spoons used to be, but sadly they closed. The place was in desperate need of a makeover, and it got it! bright and clean when I was in a couple months ago, and the owners were cheerfully at work in the kitchen. They'd been open for awhile and are not new to the phoenix restaurant scene. If you're looking for Soul Food in the north-central valley, give this place a shot!
Off Da Hook Soul Food is a catchy name. A small whole in the wall place with a friendly staff. They seem to do a lot of take out orders. There's not a lot of parking for dine-in patrons.

I had the fried pork chops with a side of red beans and rice and cabbage for $9.50 plus tax. The skinny pork chop was definitely fried but the taste wasn't the greatest; probably the worst pork chop I have ever had. They didn't have mashed potatoes, who eats pork chops without mashed potatoes? They give you a lot for the sides. The red beans and rice were great and the cabbage was good as well. The corn bread was a little dry and not at the top of my list. They don't have a choice of diet drinks at the help yourself soda station. But it looks like they may sell canned diet drinks.
Right off the bat... its a little ghetto.  A hole in the wall place w/ not much charm at all.  The staff is friendly and a little slow moving, but they make up for it in other ways.  The food is amazing, reminds me of my moms cooking.  You know.... southern crap thats f'ing terrible for you.  They're way over priced for the presentation of the food and look of the restaurant.  But then again, it taste really good.  Their proportions are large and you will definitely be full afterwards.  If you're more interest in the look and feel of the restaurant, then pass on this place.  But if you enjoy soul food, this is the place for you.
I'm going back.  I'll get that out right off.  
This was my first experience with chicken and waffles and I was NOT disappointed. 
 I have to agree... the service was a little slow, but when I explained it to other people, I did it like this: "If you just walked into your awesome neighbors house, and said, 'Hey, I'd like you to make me ____for dinner, and they just whipped up with a smile on their face, and you can taste the LOVE in the food...."  seriously.  
Who needs ambiance when you have amazing collard greens?
I don't give 2 snorts how the place is decorated or if there are mirrors in the bathroom, because honestly, I don't want to see myself stuffed to the button poppin limit like that, ha!  It was clean, the folks in the kitchen were happy to school me with my greens technique... and that cornbread....was like a warm hug at the end of the meal.  GO.
This review makes me sad, but yeah. 

So we went back for another go of this place, we love chicken and waffles. 

We walk in and are seated. Our server comes over and rattles off a list of about 5 or 6 things they are out of, kinda disappointing. But whatev. We find things we want to eat. 

The Mac and cheese tasted like it was 5 days old and had been re-heated and re-heated and re-heated more then it should have. 

The corn bread was very lack luster this go around. 

AND THEN IT HAPPENED. Something NO restaurant wants to happen. I am eating my chicken breast and half way into it, RAW chicken! I wanted to die and instantly felt sick to my stomach... 

The server was very apologetic and did take my meal off the tab, but dang, that was upsetting. It will be a while before the husband can convince me to give this place another chance.
I don't know what the negative reviewers are talking about. I just finished stuffing myself with 2 chicken legs & a waffle. It was delicious. I tried bites of my friends' catfish and porkchops, also good. The porkchops are deep fried rather than pan-fried. Everything arrived perfectly breaded, hot and fast. I love deep fried anything unless its overly breaded, the breading isn't spiced correctly or its greasy.  None of that is the case with anything we ordered. The mac n cheese was clearly homemade (the only thing we had that wasn't fried). My only disappointment was I didn't save room for the red velvet cake.
Super service and scrumptious food!  The greens are AMAZING!  Very friendly people.  Very clean, and I mean clean!  I went here for my birthday and one of the customers serenaded me and I got to sign the wall!  WooHoo!
As a west coast girl, knowing what good soul food consisited of never my forte. 
Then I moved to Atlanta for almost a year...driving...so i got to experience diff states in the souths sould food.  Collared greens always sounded scary to me and if you werent tuna, salmon or something i usually find on my sushi menu...you are prob a fish i havent bothered to give a chance :)
well after having fried catfish with some great traditional sides while in Nashville, then again while living in ATL, i feel i can give a better opinion.
Living in AZ, I was weary to even attempt to find some soul food.  But after reading some Yelp reviews, I decided Off Da Hook was worth a shot.   And thank goodness, because their catfish was amazing, collards were great and red beans and rice phenomenal.  
Needless to say, i'll be back.  
If you are in AZ and appreciate great soul food, then maybe ill run into you :)
Off Da Hook Soul Food is a solid 3 to 3.5 stars but I will upgrade them to 4 stars based on the exceptional service we received. Don't judge a book by it's cover.  The same thing holds true for places to eat and that includes this place.  They are a very small "hole in the wall" kind of dinner.  If you blink twice while driving past them you may miss them.  They are a nice alternative to the usual dinner's in Phoenix. 

They offer some of the basic Soul Food options with almost everything fried of course ~ pork chops, catfish, chicken.  No oxtail, rabbit, ham hocks or chitlins though.  Not that I order chitlins but it's hard to beat good rabbit and ham hocks when dinning at a Soul food place!  They offer some of the more popular Soul food types of sides such as collard greens, mac-n-cheese, yams, beans & rice, cabbage, and some others.  However they don't offer fried or cooked okra or turnips, which are Soul food staples.  Corn bread comes with your meal and they offer Kool Aide in addition to soda and tea.

I had the fried Pork Chops with sides of mac-n-cheese and red beads in rice.  The breading on the Pork Chop was DELISH! It had a lot of crunch, with an excellent balance of seasoning that was "finger licking good".  The sides were ok, nothing special but good.  I wanted their Collard Greens, but they weren't ready which was unfortunate ~ maybe next time. 

We also had their fried chicken and waffles.  WOWsers!  The fried chicken had the same or similar breading as did the Pork Chop.  The chicken was fried to almost  perfection and their Waffle had an great taste that wasn't too heavy and complimented the fried chicken very well.  Look out LoLo's!!  This place is just as good if not better!
Not bad...Taste like what I make at home...

It looks like a hole in the wall joint but the server was very friendly.
If ya'll don't keep this place nice and busy and it shuts down, I'm going to go ballistic.  With service as sweet as can be and hefty portions of what I call "down home goodness" it doesn't get much better than this.  It's what you'd make at home but don't because it takes too long, because you're cooking for one, because it's almost cheaper to eat here - I can't say enough good things about it.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  If I lived closer I'd be in big trouble.
I had lunch here based on the good ratings posted on Yelp. The place is definitely a hole in the wall and the service was good and very nice. I have never had soul food and therefore can not judge it's authenticity, but I can say that the food tasted great and was prepared with love. The catfish was very tasty and flavorful, the mac-and-cheese that came with it were okay. I would go back to eat at this restaurant.
Well I'm a little torn about this place. When we 1st walked in we were greeted & told to have a seat, someone came over to ask what we wanted to drink. Our only options were grape cool aide or sweet tea due to their fountain drink machine being out of order. I love sweet tea but WOW I think theirs was more like drinking strait sugar water. 
We ordered our food with the waitress, my boyfriend ordered the pork chop dinner & wanted spaghetti and red beans with rice as his two sides. They were out of spaghetti so he got Mac n cheese instead. I ordered the smothered chicken dinner but had to change to fried chicken dinner because they didn't make any gravy that day. I wanted mashed potatoes and Mac n cheese for my sides. A few minuets after ordering the waitress came back & said they didn't have mashed potatoes either. Red beans and rice it is then. 
It took 30 min easy for our food to come out. We were the only people in the restaurant. If it had only been my boyfriend & I we might not have cared but we did have our kids with us and they do get a little impatient. When we did get our dinner, wow, it was hot and fresh. My fried chicken was perfectly cooked and the seasoning in the breading was delicious. The Mac n cheese was ok along with the red beans and rice. My boyfriends pork chops were delicious, breaded of course & cooked perfectly. He loved the red beans & rice but not so much the Mac n cheese. Our dinners came with corn bread which was good as well. 
The food here was good, I would go back. My only suggestion would be for them to maybe make a daily menu of items that have so you don't sit & read a menu, decide on something only to be told over & over they don't have it that day. They really are hurting themselves there. 
Another couple came in before we left & wanted corn or green beans with their dinner and was then told all they have for veggie's that day were greens. 
The food was good but lack of options & not being informed of what you could or couldn't order until you tried to order it was a little annoying. Oh, I almost forget. The waitress / hostess girl was a little rude & was walking around texting & talking on her cell phone. A man kept asking her to put it away & she just ignored him. It didn't look very good.
This place was not bad at all. But i have a few complaints, soo i will continue this yelp....

Service was good, seated immediately. The server was very friendly and always had a smile. BUT we waited after ordering about 45 mins to 1 hour for our food. (at least we know its made to order). We only ordered the big chicken and waffles breakfast combo and a thigh and waffles on the side. So not a big order for that long of a time. The cook knows what he is doing, and the food came out great.

Unfortunately since i am yelping my experience, they didn't seem familiar with their menu and forgot my eggs :( , but when i mentioned it they were more than happy to get that out :) which is a plus. 

I really was bouncing between 3 and four stars, but it landed at a 3 after further deliberation here is what it came down to:

-The waffle and chicken were skimpy for the price (on the combo), i have had some really good CnW. 
-Wait time for food was too long
-Price was too high for not getting a lot, I would recommend getting a thigh and waffle a la carte instead. a lot more meat
The yams are going to make me come back again and again. The fried chicken is really good as well. A little surprised that I couldn't find an on line menu but ordering over the phone was easy enough. Our portions were pretty descent sized but could have been a little larger compared to other soul food restaurants we have tried. We'll go back but I'll fore go the somewhat tasteless mac and cheese next time and try another side.
very small and dirty looking and nearly no parking.  as we were in the mood for soul food and lolo's was closed, we read reviews for this place and decided to give it a shot. we called ahead, as we are 30 minutes away, the young lady on the phone told us that they would be open until 10pm. great we thought. we showed up around 645 pm and there was nobody but a gentleman at the register, chatting it up and belly laughing as we stood there awkwardly not being acknowledged. we decided to seat ourselves, we sat nearly 5 before the gentleman motioned that the menus were up where he was, still on the phone mind you. we sat and looked over the menus, still not having been greeted by anyone. 10 minutes or so later, a young woman comes out from the back and rudely states that we must leave. we asked, why? her response was they were closing in a couple minutes, and if we wanted to order we could only choose from their two specials. we mentioned that we spoke to a young woman over the phone and she had stated that they would remain open until 10pm. she replied no, nobody said that. we are certain it was her to which we spoke, as we even double checked the phone number dialed against the one on their flyers that were at the register. sorry can't review the food, may have been great but their hospitality was not. this horrible experience didn't ruin the night as we had great bbq at famous daves instead.
I think they are closed. Phone's been disconnected for months. Very sad, loved eating here.
So, I was hungry, and I didn't want to cook. I felt like I needed some Chicken and waffles, so I came here today for some lunch.  It's a small little place, pretty simple inside with a great menu of chicken, waffles, kool aid and a variety of other menu items that are tasty.

Staff here was friendly and awesome and I had a really good time. I went with the Chicken and Waffle Combo for $10 and it was tasty! The girl who waited on me was awesome and even had a mohawk.  I'm happy, full and ready for a nap. I will be back!
The first time I came here, the owner (Dre) was there but the restaurant was closed for renovation. However, after I told him I wanted to try his chicken and waffles, he let me in and personally cooked my meal. I loved being catered to as the only person there and the fact that he opened up and cooked just for me made my day. He's a really down to earth guy and kept me entertained and laughing while I waited.The chicken (breast) was flavorful and juicy and the waffle was delicious. Lemonade wasn't on the menu but its there...and surprisingly good. 

The second time I came, I had more fried chicken (clich I know) cabbage and rice and gravy. Chicken was still good so consistency seems to be a factor here, cabbage was great! Seasoned perfectly. The rice and gravy was ok...gravy needed a bit of salt. Cornbread was plentiful, melt in ur mouth delicious, soft and moist. Overall, both experiences ensured I'd continue to come back again and again as they can outcook LoLos (I call it No-Nos) anyday. You may have to wait a bit since it is made to order, and all soul food is a bit pricey but it's worth it! Satisfied customer :-)
One of the best things I've ever tasted! 
I got the Town Bizziness Chicken. It's supposed to be a chicken ranch sandwich on the lunch menu, but I got it without the bread. It was unbelievable. The chicken was cooked perfectly - so moist. The ranch sauce on top was REALLY yummy. The fries were excellent. Ate there for lunch today and I want to go back already. They have several sides I want to try too. My son got the chicken fingers - delicious!
We enjoyed the friendly wait staff and the atmosphere.  I'm so glad we tried it. We'll go back soon.
Tried this place a couple of weeks ago on a Sunday.  The food was great but there are a few things that could be corrected.
The menus (there is one on the wall and one at the register) they are not clear with everything that they serve. When I asked if they made orkra because it was not on the menu she informed me that they actually do sell it but not at that moment because it was all out, wasn't even on the menu. 
The cook behind the see through wall almost created a fire in the kitchen by making a silly mistake. 
The mac and cheese was a little dry.


The owner was there and was VERY nice and considerate.  
We will definetly be back.
In my opinion, probably one of best in town for soul food.What makes Off Da Hook different from the competition is their chicken. Very well prepared and seasoning that you can actually taste. My next visit I will try the catfish
This place is right around the corner, so I was excited to try it out, especially since they recently added hours for during the week.  We went in on a Tuesday at 7, only to be informed that they were trying to close down an hour early because they had a busy day.  We got the chicken and waffles with a side of Mac and cheese and two drinks.  It came out quick enough, but were disappointed with the product.  Spending $31 to have my meal packaged in styrofoam to go, was not cool especially since they were supposed to be open until 8pm.  The chicken tasted like salt and not much else.  Mac and cheese was dried out.  Waffle was limp and soggy when I got home; and I only live 1 mile away.  I most likely would not return.  The restaurant did not seem very clean and may have looked better if they paid more attention to presentation instead of just slapping labels on the plexi glass.  I love supporting local business, but this one doesn't win any awards.
My pork chop could have been a little meatier and seasoned a little better. My wife said the fish was outta sight. It was fast and friendly service and I am likely to come back.
3 Stars because they can be hit-or-miss with service and they are often out of items on their menu. With their short hours (they open at 11am and close at 7pm, why?) and standard menu, it's puzzling when they're out of multiple menu items. 

They're pretty friendly, in fact, we've never had a "server" who wasn't ready with a smile, but can be fairly slow at times, even when there's hardly anybody else in there. With their kitchen door open to the dining area, you can pretty much watch them cooking, so when they're goofing around and you're waiting a while for food or for your order to be taken, you can tell it's just because they're in no hurry. Not a good place to go if you are on a schedule.

That being said, for the days you don't mind possibly waiting around and not getting what you came in craving, it can be a lot of fun to just experience their operation. 

The food has always been good. Overall, very low-key and a bit divey, but clean.
Kind of a weird place.  It's ran by a couple really nice dudes.  I had the 3 piece chicken meal, and the chicken was really juicy.  The fries were fried just right as well, extra crispy.  I'd like to come back and try a bunch of different things from their menu.
Yippie, Off Da Hook is back open! I went for my old go-to smothered pork chops, greens, and cabbage. There was a miscommunication and they didn't have cabbage ready so I had a double dose of greens. Everything was as good as I remembered, I'll be back soon. Now all we need is to get them to carry diet soda.
This place is off da chain!!! Love it, it's my close go to besides hauling across town to go to LoLo's. I did not think this place could compare by looking at the outside but I surely was wrong. I got the two piece dinner and before I could take pictures of my meal it was gone! Luckily, there is always tomorrow. This place is a definite must try.
While being bombarded in this lone desert outpost by countless pizza joints and fast food establishments, a gem shows up from time to time.  This is one of them.  King Fish is independently owned and that's what Maricopa needs more of.  A lot more.  

My first order from King Fish was simple.  Fried catfish and okra.  Didn't disappoint at all.  In fact, I'm pretty stoked that restaurant food this good actually exists so near to where I live!  The catfish was light, cornmeal battered and fried with perfection.  The okra was fried and just as tasty.  I originally ordered red beans and rice as my side but they were out.  They just opened this past week so I'm sure there are going to be more growing pains, but they're off to a good start.  

On the menu they have chicken, snapper, Tilapia, shrimp and oysters.  I can't wait to sample all of this!
My husband and I love soul food, so we were excited this place was opening near our place. First, the food was great.  The catfish was flaky and light and the chicken tasty and juicy.  The greens had the right amount of seasoning and the yams seemed a bit overcooked but still good overall.  This place would have gotten a five star rating but the wait time was hard to bear.  We came in on a Thursday night and the place was half way full, we were told 30 min, but that turned into one hour and 15 minutes.  Yes we timed it, what else to do in all that waiting?  We had a couple sitting next to us who waited just as long, but when they got their order, half of it was missing. Needless to say, we felt bad for them as they stormed out.  And when we got our order, it was incorrect also. A small mix up of us wanting 4pcs of chicken and 2pcs of catfish, and getting it reversed instead.  But we did get an apology from the waitress. Since the food was great we are giving it another chance, only hoping after time this place will smooth out its bumps and improve service.  But I would say for now, call ahead and place your order over the phone for pickup if you don't have an hour to kill.
The food is scrumptious and hit the spot as I was craving a satisfying fish sammich' and delicious sides. Maricopa is sorely lacking  food options (how many lackluster pizza places can one small town have?) and King Fish is a welcome addition. Family owned by friendly folks and some mighty fine to boot makes for a winning combination.

I went for tilapia, yams, and 'tater salad, all of which were darn tasty. The first few bites were saluted with approving nods from me towards my wife and pal. Most delightfully, there was no feeling of bloat or "heavy brick in my stomach" that sometimes comes from soul food. Granted, about 20 minutes later the 'itis did hit me, but that's to be expected right?

It's simple, no frills and honest to goodness soul food cookin' that is just right when you want it, or a new experience for some of you that haven't tried it. As for improvement, I would like to see a more diverse menu in the future but what they have currently is just fine by me and done quite well. Give it a shot.
Just what Maricopa needed!  I had a great fish sandwich, fries and mac and cheese. The order came out quick too!  Highly recommend.  Can't wait to go back!
Fresh, authentic southern food, they even serve sweet ice tea.  It's great to finally see a new restaurant open up that isn't a sports bar with nasty food.
Great comfort/soul food spot. Food is very good and reasonably priced for what you get. Only tip I would give is to call ahead for your order.
The restaurant situation in Maricopa is improving! One of the bright spots is King Fish Sea and Soul Food. Terrific, authentic southern cooking! 

I had the catfish with seasoned fries. The catfish is fried with a light batter that really brings out the great taste of the fish and the fries were done just right. 

This is one place that I predict will do very well. They have done their homework and it shows! Thanks to the owners for bringing their talents to Maricopa-God knows we needed it!

Looking forward to my next visit.
Thank you for amazing food, perfect catfish, amazing okra, and the most warm and sincere environment in town, Thank you Fish King for a memorable night, promise to be back soon!!!
I just ordered "food" here and I was very disappointed. The food, I would have given 2 stars but the service was agonizing, I placed my takeout order at 655 pm and it didn't come out till 750 pm, I'm not even kiding! when I ordered they were out of three sides (all the ones I wanted) but  they let four customers order the same sides after me.  They served thier friend that paid after me, before me.  The bathroom was out of order, and I saw a guy using the wall outside as I was leaving!  The Fish is only breaded in corn meal, and the red beans and rice could have been made in a microwave. Avoid this place! I think all the reviewers are their friends.
This place is getting one star just for trying to be the genuine article in Maricopa! I love to see real mom and pop restaurants make a go of it anywhere, to be honest. I sure felt like I was in Mississippi while I sat and waited for my freshly prepared order of snapper, greens and red beans! Ooooooweeee !! It smelled do right on a Sunday afternoon.  And the taste was equal to my expectation.  This little shack of a place is worth patronage if you want to impress those who know and are not looking for frills.

Today's chicken seems very greasy so I won't rate this place better than Lo-Los but if they pay attention to how they soak the chicken and batter is enhanced with some white pepper (just saying) they will become a force to reckon with.  The red beans were excellent and the greens were not too salty ( often a problem with recipes  pickled meat) . The snapper was just ok in my opinion. I will need to give it another try. But for now, it's all passable and will bring memories back for sure.
I have been driving by this place for 3 months and finally stopped by.  The staff is friendly and the restaurant is small and perfect for the type of food they serve.  I love the family atmosphere.

I ordered the 2 piece chicken and catfish with 2 sides.  Everything was hot when It came out and very good.  The macaroni was homemade and delicious.  The only thing I could say that could be improved was the catfish breading had no seasoning or very little and was a little bland.  I did not know that the chicken was wings, as I was expecting breast strips.  The wings were good as I love wings.  But it is not printed on the menu that I saw.

I will go back again so i can try the other sides and the shrimp.
Decided to see what this place was about after driving past it for several months. Very pleasantly surprised at the lunch my son and I shared. We had the Chicken and Fish combo with Fried Okra and Mac & Cheese. It was all really tasty. The chicken was juicy and not over-battered and the fish was a large piece, nicely spiced and battered. My son loved the M&C and the fried okra was delicious. Will definitely go back. As some other reviewers noted, it's not fast food, things take awhile because it's made fresh but it's well worth it. Staff was super friendly too, a bonus. 

The only slight downside is it's a little pricey, but I think you get what you pay for in this case. I hope they get enough business to make it in Maricopa because we need more locally owned businesses to succeed. There's too many bland, mediocre chains in this town already.
The food was good, first time I had southern food, food took a little long but its cooked fresh. the staff is very friendly and attentitive. prices are a little to much i think. They also need to offer a better type of french fries, those crinkle fries arent cutting it. overall I shall try it again sometime.
Totally agree with others that it's exciting to have something new in town other than Mexican or pizza! It felt like a down home family kind of place. Catfish was great and the Mac n Cheese was good although not quite as cheesy as I expected. Avoid the coleslaw which tasted almost rancid. Would try it again but would call in a takeout order ahead of time.
After reading some of the reviews, we called in our order right before we left.  We got there in 15 minutes, and 15 minutes later we were eating.  I didn't care for the chicken.  The breading was good, but for some reason the chicken itself seemed to have an odd flavor.  The seasoned fries were yummy.  But the catfish- oh the catfish!- was soooooo super scrumptious!  LOVED it!  I want more right now!  Will definitely be back for the catfish!
Closed. Shut down first of the year.
I was super excited when I heard Harold's was opening up in Vegas. In my opinion Chicago has some of the best food around. I got the wing dinner and some extra chicken on the side with hot sauce. It was pretty packed when I went which was late afternoon but I only waited about ten minutes. I heard from another friend that the wait can be a lot longer and that they occasionally sell out in the evenings. I do wish they gave you more cold slaw and I'm not a huge fan of the fries because to me they are a little soggy. But I went for the chicken anyways which was perfectly fried to perfection.
My husband is from Chicago so he's the reason as to how I heard about this place. They just opened recently but you would NEVER know that, this place was super busy! 

We had the chicken and fries & pizza puff, -- SO GOOD. I've never had a pizza puff, it's like the totino's pizza rolls but WAY better & bigger! Almost everyone that was in there, had one! Chicken was good, it's breaded & seasoned, very good. 

The 4 stars is because of the seating, it was so packed and it's a very small restaurant so it fills quick. Luckily I had my son grab the first available table while we ordered. Other than that, awesome lil spot.
I grew up on the South-Side of Chicago in Hyde Park and in fact, I work in Chicago as an Executive VP at the famous Regal Theater on 79th Street.  My husband and I have lived in Las Vegas for 15 years.  Nobody here can make fried chicken like Harold's...NOBODY!!!  The taste is so unique and finger likin good.  Another location is soon to open on 215 & Trop...wish the heck they put one in Centennial Hills.  The one on Rainbow can not handle all the business they are getting.  They need help! Let all your friends know what's happening at the Regal www.chicagoregal.com
Tried this restaurant based on other Yelp reviews and being in the area.  Place was very busy at 2PM on a Sat. afternoon (usually a good indication), but was able to find a table.  Took a while to get to the order counter due to the line, but not an issue.  Counter person taking orders was very busy but friendly, back counter staff were very busy and matter of fact.  Ordered some chicken, fries and the pizza puff.  Got cole slaw and bread as well (and some fries came with the chicken).

In general, I thought the food was ok - more like 2.5 stars (but gave the review the benefit of the doubt with 3 stars).  Chicken pieces were very large, but not particularly flavorful.  Breast pieces were very large, and slightly undercooked in the center, which was a bit of an issue - undercooked chicken is not a good thing.  I found most of the flavor was not from the chicken or coating, but from the sauces (we got the sauce on the side).  Mild sauce was sweet, hot sauce had a Frank's Hot Sauce vinegar-hot quality to it.

Fries were ok, pizza puff was interesting and ok.  I suspect this is a Chicago/Indiana tradition that is sought after from people from that area who now live in LV.  

I would much rather have M&M Soul Food (or even Popeyes) - more flavor and seasoning.
Chicago has a huger influence on Vegas than most people notice. I honestly think that California is the only place that has more Vegas transplants.
While I grew up in Vegas I was a Chicago baby and my family would always tell me about this place called Harold's Chicken shack. The fact that they would open up one in Vegas is so random, but I digress. 
The chicken is pretty delicious, better than KFC, but not as good as Popeye's. Fries were a bit bland but add some salt and they're fine. 
Definitely will go back again.
We were trying to decide on someplace closeby and relatively cheap...  My friend had heard about this place and we figured why not give it a try.  It's relatively small inside and everything looked really clean.  

I went with a 1/2 chicken dinner and decided to try their fried chicken livers too.  Everything was cooked/fried to order, so expect it to be hot and fresh!  The chicken was definitely tasty... although the pieces seemed to be on the small side.  But still plenty of food for the price.  You can see the flecks of pepper and seasoning in the coating.  Definitely tasty chicken!  I had the mild sauce...  which almost seems like a mildly spicy ketchup.  It's good... but next time I'll try the hotter one.  The chicken livers were pretty much as expected...  pretty big sized and good.  Fries.... eh, not the best....  seems like they only fry them once, instead of twice like most places.  Cole slaw was delicious... creamy and a little sweet.... just the way I like it.

Kind of wish I could give it 3 1/2 stars...  I'll be back.... want to try the fried gizzards
Catfish is the business !!!
Impossible to review. I ordered a half white with hot sauce on top. They put BBQ sauce on instead, and I didn't find out til I got home. Harold's with hot sauce is Incredible. With BBQ sauce, it is Terrible. I tried wiping it off, but the fries and bread were already ruined, and I couldn't get rid of the awful, sickly sweet, generic store brand tasting BBQ sauce taste. I can't even tell you if the chicken was cooked well b/c Harolds is all about the Combination of chicken, hot sauce, fries, grease and bread.  This was inedible. 

I've eaten Hundreds of times at different Harolds' in Chicago, and have been missing it since I moved here. I was very excited to see they opened one here, and imagine driving the whole way home anticipating a great Harolds meal and being So disappointed. I'll try again, and check the sauce before I leave, but this one is their fault, so they get a one.

Other Items:

They use Wonder WHEAT bread on bottom, not White.
The breast is medium sized - not scrawny like the South Loop location, but smaller than a Good Harolds.
There is no portrait of Harold in the store. 
They have a drink fountain, not a soda machine.

********UPDATE**********

I have eaten several times here since my last visit, and it has been much better than my first visit. It is now the equivalent of the Halstead Harolds - not quite the 183rd and Kedzie level, but way above the South Loop.
24 chicken wings. 6 fried catfish. A bunch of fried mushrooms. Done done and done!!!

Not your KFC or Popeyes. You can tell this place has a secret family recipe (the lady who rings you up is from Chicago and is super nice...she calls all of her customers "Baby"). The taste and texture is something else!

Off the strip quite a ways but consider this recovery fried chicken after a night or nights of binge drinking and early mornings in Vegas!
Went here on a recommendation. Decided to up the ante by taking people with. A bucket of wings (not my fave part of the chicken, but I digress), and those absolutely mouth watering fried mushrooms put me in place. The place is a delight. The fry is light, but good. It reminded me of the Simpsons episode where they turned Moe's into a TGIF and Homer fried everything. I would eat my own fist if it was lightly breaded and fried at Harold's. And the nice lady at the counter would make me feel like it was A-OK.
I'm a life-long afficianado of chicken and fish. Originally from Kansas City and now in Las Vegas, I grew up with an amazing amount of choices of great local KC chicken restaurants. Today, my good friend is in visiting from Phoenix. He's also a native of KC. We went to Harold's on recommendation and he had gizzards and wings and I had livers and wings. I live on the far east side of the valley near Sunset Mountain, so it was a bit of a drive to Harolds. We didn't try the food until we returned to my house and we both quickly realized that our food was drowning in salt. If it wasn't so far, I would return the food and demand a refund. I LOVE fried chicken. This (based on my first and last visit) is the worst that I've ever had. They do a booming biz. Maybe it's a favorite of smokers that can no longer taste their food? My local Popeyes shames their food and costs much less.
Good luck.
The Chicken and the Perch were good, I recently visited Chicago and the food at the Harolds on 87th and the Dan Ryan was much tastier. I will be returning to my local Harolds again though.
I've heard so many rave reviews of this place, I had to give it a try, even though it's a bit of a drive from work. I went with the Gizzards & Wings combo and added a small side of fried okra.

I have to be honest. I'm a little disappointed. I only got two wings in the order and the rest of the plate was gizzards. While they both tasted good, I was expecting more wings. Just my opinion, but the gizzards should be an accompaniment to the wings, not the other way around! I can only eat so many. The plate also comes with fries and some coleslaw. The fries were decent, but not as good as they could be.

I wanted to love this place, especially since they gave me extra food due to an error on their part. While I was waiting for my meal, the guy comes out and explains that the cook misheard and started preparing Giblets instead of Gizzards & Wings. They offered to give me the Giblet plate as well. I took the offer, but I'm so full from eating gizzards that I'm not sure if I'll ever get to it (it's in the fridge).

I'm a little fried out at the moment (and definitely gizzarded out), but I definitely want to come back and try something else. I'll probably try one of their chicken dinners or perhaps a fish plate. For now, I have to give them an A-OK.
I looked up this place for the fried gizzards and fried mushrroms. However i found it to be so much more. Great people working there and a very very clean place. The nice man that helped us behind the counter came out and cheacked on us a number of time. If you want a nice good downhome lunch with some nice good old downhome food this is your place.
Feels like i just ate 9 gazzillion calories and I'm either slipping into cardiac arrest or a food coma but its Harold's so totally worth taking that chance.. just have the EMT team ready with the paddles nearby. 

I remember my first time going to a Harold's in the South side of Chitown with a few of my boys, where  Harold's Chicken Shack originated from years ago. It's still pretty nostalgic for me. The first and only eatery that I'd been to where the register is behind bulletproof glass. THIS IS JUST A FRIED CHICKEN JOINT. I thought I was making a bank transaction. Yeah we were real deep in the hood of Southside Chi. But so what, we hadn't eaten all day. Hungry, tired and restless we were lookin for cheap, good, fast (not MCDs fast), local food. We damn near struck gold with Harold's upon a recommendation. This is chicken fried to order so don't expect your eager KFC chicken azz to get your order out so quickly.

Anyhow, fastforward nearly 5 years later. I'm at the Acura dealership in LV I'm talking to my salesman and he tells me there's a Harold's out here. On the exterior I kept it cool as we were negotiating the terms of our deal but in my mind I was flippin' my wig, not about the Acura I was about to sign off on but more eager to find Harold's!

But alas, -1 star for the inconsistent seasoning. There's been times where its been either over-salted (or been in the brine for too long?) while other visits have yielded steaming hot, crunchy goodness. I wish they provided more than just a tiny portion (you'll see what I mean) of slaw. If you choose to grab a basket I would forgo the 2 slices or white bread that typically come with them if you don't feeling like eating them. Its to collect the dripping sauce from the wings but I feel as though the fries that lay beneath the wings already do a great job of doing so, unless like me, you order the sauce on the side. Minus .02351091 star for no ominous looking bulletproof glass in front of the counter. But I'm rounding up. Jokes aside, I'm goin' again. Just haveta invest in a defibrillator first.
Popped in to pick up some dinner on the way home. I got the 3 Piece Chicken Strips and Fries special. When I got home (about a mile away) and dug in, my fries were already soggy. They may have been served up that way, seeing as there wasn't much time for them to get soggy in transit. 

I ordered my food "Chicago-Style" which meant "covered in sauce"; I also went for the hot sauce (after living in the South, I'm accustomed to all things hot). The strips were delicious and the breading was incredible! Albeit soggy, the fries covered in hot sauce were still good. Dunking them in buttermilk ranch probably helped. It was too much food for me to eat in one go-round, but it was all very good.

I didn't try the coleslaw because I hate cabbage, so I can't comment on that.

I'll be going back to this place to try the fried mushrooms and okra soon. All in all, good food at good prices with a friendly staff! Way better than KFC, Popeyes, Canes, etc.
Second time here just had to try it again, it's one of those places, I have to scratch my head ; wondering what the fuss is all about.
             First time had the fried chix w/ the mild sauce ,the sauce tasted like ketchup. I'm not complaining , because it's the way I eat my fried chix anyway, but call it a sauce , please. This time I had the hot sauce figuring it was spicy ketchup, wrong it was, well hot sauce from the bottle . It was hard to eat  , like eating hot wings w/o the blue cheese dressing.  I had the half chicken combo ,all dark meat 2 thighs and 2 drumsticks it came with a little container of cole slaw and a fair amount of fries. There was a little wait because they cook to order. The chicken is alright , your basic fried chix , nothing special. 
                    Popeye's here I come!!
Digity Dang!

So my daughter says I am craving fried chicken - can we go to KFC.  I said yes to fried chicken no to KFC.  I had heard about Harolds on Yelp, so let's get in the car a go for a drive.

The place was packed.  Always a good sign.  We ordered a half chicken and an order of gizzards.  I ordered the gizzards just to try something new.  

I have never had gizzards before so I have nothing to compare them to - but I would say I dont like them.  Not that the gizzards were bad, I just didn't care for them.

The Chicken was dang tasty.  The breast meat was super juicy and that is what is important.  The Chicken was not greasy and had a thin crispy skin.  

The pieces of chicken were on the small side, but maybe they use real chicken instead of super steriod chickens you see at the grocery store... so that could be a good thing.

The only 2 suggestion for a better over all experience: 1.  The side of coleslaw was in a 1 oz sauce container???  Thanks for the one bite of coleslaw.  2. I would like to see more side dishes.

They have perch on the menu too.  I gotta go back and taste that - perch is good fish.
Do I have to give it a star? 
Very disappointed in this place! I can't believe all the hipe! We just got the basic chicken. 
I will never, ever go back to this place! Why pass by Popeyes and Churches chicken to go to this place! Kudos for opening a business, and creating jobs. This just doesn't float my boat!
I used to hear a lot about this place when I lived in Chicago. It was actually recommended by a few of my friends. Unfortunately, I never got a chance to try it due to a sudden relocation to San Diego. But then I found out that they opened a few locations out here and took it as a "sign" to go and try the place before I suffer in regrets again. My guy has been dying to try this place and we finally got around to it on Tuesday. Three stars because it really was "A-Ok." 
I love the atmosphere here, it felt "homey." It's small AND quiet (bonus!), but then again there weren't a lot of people dining in that day. The gentleman behind the counter was real friendly and helpful with questions that we had about the food. 

We ordered:
Catfish w/ two chicken wings & drumstick- I really liked the fish, it had good flavor to it and was very moist. I didn't try the wings but the bf said it was "okay." BUT, added that it was "real moist." And it really was. As he sank his teeth in to that drumstick, all that chicken juice started dripping down his chin. No joke.
Fried okra and mushrooms- It was bland, and that's probably an understatement.  
Fries(came with the combo)- Although it was fried to my liking, it lacked flavor as well.

Total cost: around 25 bucks. Would we go back again? Absolutely, but It's one of those places I would probably go to once in a blue moon.
Ok, here's the deal, if you liked gizzards Harold's is the real deal. If you like cornmeal breaded fish Harold's is the real deal. I cooked and managed restaurants for 12 years and can say that on my best day I couldn't do any better. I have yet to try a piece of chicken cause I can't get past the gizzards. If you never had chicken gizzards, this is not like a piece of chicken tender, it's a tough lean bit of a chew and my jaws are burning by the time I finish a large order and it's worth the trip across town to get them. Please go as often as possible we want them to be around for a long time.
I wanted to like this place.  I really did.  I don't.  The place is non-descript, the person behind the cash register did not utter a single word during my order, nor during the orders of the next 4 groups that I observed.  I order a mixed chicken "dinner".  The cole slaw actually wasn't too bad but it was served in a small cup the size of two thimbles.  I think I got two spoonfuls out of it.  The french fries were ordinary.  The leg of the chicken was incredibly small, I mean really small.  Very little meat on the thigh, the wing, well I expect that; the breast did have meat, but it wasn't anything that extraordinary.  I did order the mild sauce.  It was ok.  All in all, I really doubt this place will be around in a year from now.  Exciting "concept", but poorly executed here... employees need personality, the portions need to be normalized, whoever orders the chickens, should splurge and order normal sizes.  Seems like they are cutting everything to the "bone" to save money, but they are cutting off their arm in the process.  You can easily do better in Las Vegas.  Really.
I was thoroughly not impressed by this place.  Vacant tables were not cleaned and there was generally uninspired staff and service.  The cashier didn't take my order correctly; she asked me about what sauce I wanted with my fish (tartar) and didn't put it in my takeout order.  Another customer approached the counter to ask for bread after it was left out of his dinner.  I subsequently found that it was left out of my dinner order as well.

The chicken, although nice and crispy, was pretty bland.  I'll say the same for the catfish (Old Bay seasoning, anyone?)  The cole slaw was not very fresh.  The Chicago Harold's left me with a better impression even though it was a hole-in-the-wall storefront spot.  I would not recommend that you waste your time or money at this place.
Damn harolds gonna knock you down one star, last time I visited was a disappointment. The cook must've reached the bottom of their seasoning batter or perhaps the wings were brined for too long cause my wings were pretty salty..
Harold's was a mainstay of my life in Chicago, and I was positively tremulous that my upcoming visit to Vegas would give me the chance to sup on these delectable birds.

Look, you're getting fried chicken here, not dinner with the Queen. Adjust expectations accordingly. Like the ones in Chicago, this is a hole-in-the-wall type place, small and not exactly sparking clean. But it's actually much nicer than the one I frequented in Chicago. No bulletproof glass, no sticky walls, no seedy crowds.

The chicken is deep-fried and crispy-hot. A half-chicken and soda will set you back a whopping 10 bucks. And it's served with/on fries with a tiny button of coleslaw. The only things missing are the two slices of white bread - come on, why drop the ball there! The hot sauce is the thing I love, nice and hot and tangy. There's BBQ style as well, if you want.

All in all, I was most satisfied with this Harold's - it would fit right in on the South Side.
I was craving for some chicken wings so after worked, we stopped by Harold's.  I am from Texas so after seeing that Harold's offer chicken gizzards, I immediately ordered the gizzards and wings combo.  My boyfriend got the chicken giblets combo.

We chose a table close to the chilly entrance, not because we enjoy the chilly breeze, but because there were no other tables available.  The restaurant has about 7 tables or so.  As we were waiting for the food, I grabbed some napkins to clean our table and chairs of the chicken batter crumbs that were left behind by the previous customers.

The coleslaw and utensils arrived first at our table.  I was so hungry so I down the coleslaw.  It came in a teeny tiny container.  Awhile later, food arrived and they were all piping hot.  Yes, 2 wings, a pile of gizzards, and lots of french fries for me, chicken giblets and more french fries for my bf.  Gosh I wish there were 1 more extra wing and less gizzards.  My teeth are not the strongest teeth so chewing on the hard gizzard was quite tiring.  

Midway through the meal, I was all fried and gizzarded out and my bf had to get a diet coke to cut the richness of the giblets.  

Overall, eating this in moderation is alright, but I would probably save all those calories for wingstop wings.

But customer service was great.  I do want to come back to try the regular fried chicken though.
Writing reviews on las Vegas soul food places is just making me very upset! I have nothing positive to say about this place, m&m soul food, or jimmys market.. All bad.. I had the fish and chicken and was not impressed.. With anything.. Ok I take it back the ketchup was pretty good.. Other then that I coulda had a v8..
I'm really big on customer service & Harold's didn't disappoint. I put in a massive order for a church function and they were super friendly and efficient.  Of course, the food is great & they go out of their way to prepare it fresh & just the way you want it.  Don't sleep on Harold's!
Place is CLOSED.  

After going to school in Chicago, was hoping to get some Harold's, but its closed.
The really friendly and nice owner/manager, unfortunately, can't make up for mediocre food. I ordered the fried fish (4 piece perch) dinner and fried mushrooms. They use a cornmeal batter for both which is just not that good. Give me a good, light beer batter any day, or even better a light tempura batter. Besides the batter, the perch and mushrooms were just meh, I'm sorry to say. Perhaps soul food is just not my thing, although I do love me some Southern fried chicken and waffles or country fried steak from time to time.
I found this place completely on accident. I tried to go to Off Da Hook shit hole down the street but was treated horribly rude so I walked out. I saw this place when I drove by so I thought I would give it a try. I was angry when I walked in so I vented a bit to the poor young lady who was trying to help me. I could tell she felt bad for me and she mentioned something to the guys in the kitchen before I ordered. I went a head and ordered the chicken and waffles with the mac and cheese and onion rings. The price was less than $10 which shocked me. This was 3 pieces of chicken, a large waffle with 2 nice sized sides for less than $10. Thats one hell of a deal in my book. i went out and sat down to wait for my food. While I was waiting the owner came over and actually apologized for the rude assholes (my words not his) down the street. He started up a nice conversation and we talked a while until my food was ready. Everyone there was incredibly nice and extremely helpful. 
   I drove home and dug into my dinner. The chicken was INCREDIBLE!!!! I cannot stress this enough. Some of the best chicken I have had. Nice big pieces, the crust was nice and crispy with tons of flavor. The meat was extremely juicy and cooked perfectly. The mac and cheese was very good as were the onion rings. Now I had a feeling the poor waffle was not going to fair well on the drive home and sadly it did not. It kinda steamed itself in the clam shell and was a bit soggy. No way I can fault Chik-a-Ribs for this. Some things just dont travel well and waffles are one of them. It did however have a very good flavor and now im dying to try one in house to get the full experience. 
    If you want fantastic food with great service, really nice people and dirt cheap prices this is where you want to go. This place is one of those pure luck finds that doesnt come along very often and im glad it did. I will be back time and time again for that fantastic chicken. GO, thats all I have to say, JUST GO!!
Just not good.

Ordered 2 wings which came with 2 sides I chose macncheese and refried beans.  Wings were fried, slightly overcooked, and had no flavor.  No salty, no seasony, nothing.  Macncheese tasted a couple of elbow noodles swimming in warmed cream, with a tablespoon of actual cheese plopped in the cup.  Refried beans were soupy and slightly undercooked.

Also ordered a wing, drumstick thigh which came with 2 sides which were chosen as fries and corn on the cob.  The man agreed his chicken was also slightly overcooked, no salt, no seasony, nothing.   Fries were that cool spiral cut concept but were chewy, greasy and soggy.  Corn was corn haha.

I was hopeful that they would have a different style of fried chicken like at Pollo Campero.  Eek! Methinks not.  At the end of the meal, we came to the consensus they got everything they attempted wrong, absolutely wrong.  Im sad for them :( and sad for my $15.00 dollars.  I didnt even wanna write this review however I know this is exactly what Yelp is for.  I took one for the team tonight.  We win most and we lose some, I definitely lost tonight...
Just not good.

Ordered 2 wings which came with 2 sides I chose macncheese and refried beans.  Wings were fried, slightly overcooked, and had no flavor.  No salty, no seasony, nothing.  Macncheese tasted a couple of elbow noodles swimming in warmed cream, with a tablespoon of actual cheese plopped in the cup.  Refried beans were soupy and slightly undercooked.

Also ordered a wing, drumstick thigh which came with 2 sides which were chosen as fries and corn on the cob.  The man agreed his chicken was also slightly overcooked, no salt, no seasony, nothing.   Fries were that cool spiral cut concept but were chewy, greasy and soggy.  Corn was corn haha.

I was hopeful that they would have a different style of fried chicken like at Pollo Campero.  Eek! Methinks not.  At the end of the meal, we came to the consensus they got everything they attempted wrong, absolutely wrong.  Im sad for them :( and sad for my $15.00 dollars.  I didnt even wanna write this review however I know this is exactly what Yelp is for.  I took one for the team tonight.  We win most and we lose some, I definitely lost tonight...

update: weird how all the reviews for this place are yelped by randoms with only 1 review and sound like advertisements haha...weird
I got two pieces of chicken, mac and cheese, and refried beans with a Coke for under $7.  The chicken was very good tasting, juicy and cooked just right.  The mac and cheese was delicious.  I got this order to go and they had me sit down at a table and the waitress brought the check and my drink over.  It was very nice and relaxing after the morning I had.  They have R&B playing and ESPN on the flat screen tv, so I had no problem waiting for my food to cook.  The restaurant is very clean and everyone was very polite!!  Next time I go back, I want something with BBQ sauce, it smells wonderful!
I went to Chik a rib for lunch today and it was great! I had chicken and waffles, plus mac n cheese and some ribs. The fried chick was crispy on the outside and very juicy meat- it was great! The waffle was fluffy and buttery. It was the best waffle I ever had. The ribs were so tender that they fell off the bone and the mac and cheese was very velvetty and good. I would recommend this place to anyone! they also had desserts that looked good, but I was too full to try any of them!
I stopped by this restaurant yesterday because it was across the street from the Fry's (I needed to visit the BoA bank inside).

The music was pretty loud, and not my style, but the ribs were quite good!  I ordered potato salad and coleslaw as my sides.  I was going to get the beans, but the waitress explained they were refried beans, not BBQ beans as I was thinking.  There weren't many people there (only 2 other customers), but it had room for quite a few more.

I liked the potato salad...it wasn't mushy; the same for the coleslaw.  I thought the ribs could have a little less fat on them, but the taste was good.

I paid $8-something for the ribs, 2 sides, and a soda.
Most terrible dining experience of my existence. 

First of all, it was a total sensory overload. They had a moving playing, music blaring, and then the sound of traffic (which is admittedly unavoidable). 

Now to the heart of the matter: the food. 
The ribs were at least 50% fat. The curly fries were bland, greasy, soggy, and unpalatable. And the portions! If you want a ridiculously large amount of food, this is the place for you but I thought it was disgusting and so unhealthy, not that I was expecting much nutritional value. 

I will never go there again and I strongly advise that you just avoid it.
Read about this in the New Times, so I Just tried this wing challenge. The rules are now all 10 wings in 8 minutes. I am the 5th customer to win the challenge. The wings are meaty, but tender so its easy to get the meat off the bone. They are using the Bhut Jolakia "Ghost Pepper" which is the world's hottest pepper to make the sauce. Pretty stinging hot stuff, this is not for a weak stomach.

BOTTOM LINE: Burns going in, burns comin' out!

Newtimes wing challenge story:
http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/bella/2010/07/chik-a-ribs_lava_wing_challeng.php
Bhut Jolakia pepper wiki:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bhut_Jolokia_pepper
I just got back from doing their Lava Challenge and it was amazing! As Scott D said, I read about this in New Times and I wanted to give it a go. Let me tell you that it is hot, but I accomplished it! 

I know that a challenge is a great way to lure new customers, but don't just eat the wings and nothing else because the food here is delish! I got to try some of the fried chicken and the mac and cheese and both were extremely legit! 

I really hope this place gets the business it deserves! The chef and waitress were fantastic and both were very welcoming. I will be back!
I went to the new location at 7th St. & Thunderbird and it is also closed.
Everybody's Neighborhood Grill has your soul food favorite's along with a nice compliment of other items if soul food isn't your thing.  

The smothered pork chops were awesome and don't miss the GREENS and mac & cheese!  Had to capitalize the greens, they were so good.  

I'm glad the Neighborhood Grill is only a few blocks down from my office!  Keep of the good work!
E.N.G took over for the Jamaian place that was here. They serve what the hood likes. 

SOUL FOOD 
BBQ
MEXICAN
AMERICAN

"EVERYBODY" will find something to eat here. 

The place is clean and orderly with nothing changed from the previous owners except the menu. 

I had the brisket sandwhich and it was good. Served with a side of Tater salad. The brisket was a shredded type with a sweet sauce on a sesame studded bun. There was plenty of meat and plenty of tater salad. The salad was good, nice flavor and ingredients. 

The prices seem fair for what you get. I would def go back! (As long as they are open next time I come down that way)
Do not recommend.  Got a hamburger and a pulled pork sandwich. Pork was cut chunks with BBQ sauce dumped on top. Bun fell apart when trying to pick it up.  Hamburger tastes like a frozen meat bi-product with no frills.   Menu was not BBQ type foods and nothing really seemed edible.   Halfway through our food my son found hair in his fries and under his burger.   Not impressed and didn't even want to give it a star... Star basically is because they are cheap but its definitely you get what you pay for. Cheap, tasteless, and unimpressive.
We found Everybody's Neighborhood Grill after a Google search for bbq near Avondale.  
The decor is the love child of a man cave and Mom's kitchen so a little confused but very comfortable.  We ordered the brisket dinner, pulled pork dinner, and a cheeseburger kids meal.  The burger in the kids meal was a full sized burger so there was a lot left over, no complaints about the pulled pork and the brisket was so tender you could cut it with a spoon.  My mouth is watering again thinking about it, it was so yummy!  Being from TN and being spoiled by Memphis BBQ I am often disappointed by the slim offerings I have found in AZ but Everybody's did NOT disappoint. 
Thank you for a great meal!
Food is ridiculously authentic and delicious!!! Staff is even better.  Love the ribs & mac and cheese!
With all that Las Vegas has to offer on the culinary scene, one of its weakest categories is Barbeque. Barbeque in Las Vegas has been a joke that just doesn't get funnier with each telling. It's apparent that Vegas needs Barbeque, because there is always another joint being opened up by someone who has no idea how to make Barbeque.

The few places that do Barbeque right in this town get everything else wrong. Remember, Barbeque is working man's food. It is supposed to be affordable and in large quantities that satisfy the hungriest cowboy - an idea that Lucille's has completely forgotten. It is also supposed to be rustic and down-home, served in off-the-wall joints with billows of smoke flavoring the neighborhood - something you won't get at the Wisconsin based Dave's.

Then comes Big Paul's BBQ. You've never heard of it, it not a chain. You've probably never seen it, it sits quietly on a simple strip mall corner of western Flamingo Ave. It's rustic, it's understated, it down-home - in-other-words - it's almost perfect.

Ribs, Chicken, Links, Brisket, Pulled Pork and Catfish are just a few of the menu items to choose from. I had the Brisket and Ribs combo - 3 full pounds of deliciously smoke meat a couple of sides and bread.

The brisket was perfectly tender, with a beautiful ring of pink on the outside as proof its slow-smoked preparation. You could tell that Paul left the fat on the brisket during the smoking process. 

The ribs were equally well smoked and fall-off-the-bone tender just like the brisket. I got both without the sauce, because I like to taste the Barbeque itself before the sauce has its affect. 

The BBQ Beans were definitely delicious, the green beans were canned and one of the few detractions to the rest of the meal. 

The dry ribs were evidence that Paul doesn't do much to season the Barbeque during the smoking process. Although some prefer their Barbeque this way, I have always been a bigger fan of a dry rub or a vinegar wash during smoking.

All-in-all, the meat was delicious and the spicy BBQ Sauce was pretty good (next time I will try the regular BBQ Sauce). Big Paul is from the Houston area and he holds true to the region's Barbeque roots. 

I think with time, Big Paul's BBQ could definitely evolve into a local gem. It gets 3 stars now, but I can see it moving up to 4 in no time.
The second BBQ restaurant at this location post Shish Kabob House.  I was a fan of the last place and the only person to ever write a review on it :(  The menu seems to be about the same as the last with a couple of additions to the sides menu and some pretty good food combos for 2 or more.  

It was July 4th.  I left work late and we didn't feel like firing up the grill.  My initial plan was to just go pick up Famous Dave's but ended up taking a quick right while driving west on Flamingo due to this overpowering smell of barbecued meat!  What the heck right?  Better off supporting a local mom and pop place than a megachain anyways.  

I ordered the combo of baby back ribs slab, 20 hot wings and 2 large sides for $24.99.  The slab of ribs with 2 small sides was almost $20 so this was a no brainer for $5 more.  The ribs were pretty awesome.  They had a fantastic smokey flavor to them that one could only get by slow cooking those babies all day.  Wings were pretty standard.  About the same as any other pizza joint in town but good enough.  

The cashier recommended the red beans and rice along with the macaroni salad for sides which were both spot on.

Already planning on getting the brisket and pulled pork for my next order!
BBQ itself - 5-stars.  Great flavor, smokiness and execution (by relative Vegas standards). 
BBQ Sauce - 5-stars.  Love spicy sauce with some fullness and flavor.  
Sides - 1-star.  Greens no taste I can only assume canned.  Other sides like an afterthought.  Why not cut half the sides off the menu and make the remaining half from scratch with some effort?
Service - 4-stars.  People friendly at least.  Can't argue there.
Atmosphere - 1 star.  Place totally empty doesn't bode well
Cleanliness - 1 star.  Dirty everywhere, behind the counter crap everywhere, bathroom dirty.  Just not clean inside no reason for it.
Big Paul's is one of the better rib joints in town. 
The ribs actually do fall off the bone.
And the BBQ sauce is spicy and sweet.
I'd go back but only if I were in the area...like getting a foot massage at Best Foot Massage which is right around the corner.
This little gem we found on our trek for a good replacement BBQ place after our favorite place Outlaws closed. The meat was tender spicy BBQ sauce savory, and I love that it's a family run business. We had the pleasure of making Big Paul's acquaintance, so hospitable and accommodating. I think we've found a new spot :)
Man this is some really good BBQ... Before finding Big Paul's I would either go to Famous Dave's or Memphis Championship BBQ. Finally some decent Texas BBQ in Vegas. One look at the meat and you know it's been cookin' for awhile. I've been here twice so far and both times got the brisket. I wanted to try the other stuff but the brisket is so damn good! Some real good smoky flavor, nice and tender. I tried both the mild and spicy sauces. They're both good but I lean more towards the spicy. The only sides I've tried are the beans. Initially I thought they were just ok but the more I ate the better I liked them. It's a mom and pop shop and the place isn't much to look at but who cares the food is awesome. It's not as cheap as I thought it would be. I spent almost $40 the last time.  For that I got 2 1lb orders of brisket, a half lb order of the chopped pork, and 3 small sides of beans. But even still I don't mind because it's that good. The only negative I would say is that they do not give enough sauce. A small container for a pound of meat isn't enough. If you want extra they charge $1 extra per little container. Beyond that can't really find any gripes. I really enjoy the food and will definitely be going back.
Wow, I was not expecting to like this place.

I had just come from losing a lot of money at the casino, so I was feeling really depressed and down on my luck.  I decided to check out this place, even though my expectations were at zero.  I've traveled all over Vegas in my quest for the best BBQ place and I've been consistently disappointed at every turn, so I figured this place would be no different.

I ordered the "Bounty Hunter" two-meat combo with brisket and pulled pork (they were unwilling to offer baby back ribs, to my dismay)...and it was delicious.  So soft and flavorful.  It's a little dry without the BBQ sauce, but the sauce itself is so sweet and sassy, I didn't mind drenching my meats completely.  I'm going back to try the baby back ribs next time.  If it's as good as I think it will be, I'll definitely bump this place up to a 5 star rating.

My biggest gripe is the bread that they served with the meal...I was expecting garlic bread or something, but it was just a toasted hamburger bun.  Also, they only served can drinks (even though I saw a soda fountain there--out of order?).  And, as is typical at a lot of these BBQ places, the prices are really high.  Yet somehow, despite the fact that I lost more than $100 that day, I left feeling somewhat contented.
Used my Yelp App on my phone while driving around the area. Found this place and suddenly had the urge for bbq. Not only that, I got 10% off from their announcement deal from the app!

As soon as I opened my car door, I took a whiff of the smokiness that fillled the air and that just totally got me in the mood..

Lunch (and leftovers for dinner):

Spare Ribs and Red Beans & Rice: I wanted riblets but they ran out. The lady told me that the Spare Ribs are exactly the same just bigger. It came plated with 3 large ribs, side of corn bread, bbq sauce and I asked for a hot bbq sauce as well. The ribs were delicious, not finger lickin' but just had a great smokey flavor. Not fall off the bone but just right. The bbq sauce was on the sweet side and the hot version wasn't much different just had a little kick to it. The cornbread was a mini muffin and nothing special. I didn't care too much for the red beans and rice. 

Beef Brisket: 1/2 pound of meat in between Burger buns = Hefty Brisket Burger. "Just right" to sum it up in 2 words.. 

Service was Great, lady at the counter was sweet and the owner was very observant. When I started working on the ribs my Brisket Burger wasn't getting any attention and was getting cool at the moment. He came over and placed paper cover over it. Why thank you, sir! Prices fair, Ribs and Brisket recommended and atmosphere was chill (staring at the smoker, for some reason may the food taste better).
I went back for the baby back ribs.  They were spare rib quality, not fall off the bone, tougher and more sparse than what I'm used to.  Still, the pulled pork and chopped brisket is some of the best I've had in Vegas, so I stand by my original 4 star rating.
I bought a groupon for this place since I was going to be in Vegas for business.  I got in on a Sunday evening and tried calling them around 6:30pm.  No one answers multiple phone calls.  I head over there and they say they sold out of food at 7pm.  I said I tried calling multiple times and no one would answer.  The owner just says to call tomorrow and pick up an order.

I get out at around 4pm on Monday and try to call to phone in an order.  Once again, no one picks up multiple phone calls over a 30 minute period.  I'm thinking they must be really busy due to the groupon.  When I get there, there is hardly anyone there.  

I order spare ribs, brisket, and chicken to sample.  They say it'll take an hour.  WTF?  I walk around the area for around 30 minutes and go back when the guy says my order is ready.  At least it wasn't as long a wait as he originally said.

I try all of the meats and every single one of them is dry and not very tasty.  The sauce is decent, but there isn't enough of it to mask the dry meats. 

I think the beans and rice are decent.  But the service and meats were all well below average.
Edit:  Normally after a bad first experience, I would just not return and in this case, I would just ask for a refund from Groupon (which is super easy) but I really like BBQ and this places is very close and convenient to my home so I decided to give it a second chance.

The BBQ is very good, maybe the best in Las Vegas. If I was just rating the food it would probably get 5 stars, but I have to consider the whole experience.

Back to the Groupon part of my dissatisfaction:  

http://www.groupon.com/las-vegas/deals/big-pauls-bbq

Your supposed to get $70 worth of food, the discount is the cost of marketing and acquiring a new customer. I'm exactly the kind of customer these places want to attract. I spend a lot of money out on food every month and I will often try out new restaurants using a discount and then be a return guest without a discount.

They absolutely do not give you what they say your are going to get.

The two slabs of ribs was really about 1.5 at the most, they chop them up before they put them in your to-go box to hide the fact they shorted you.

The large sides are supposed to be 16 ounces according to their website.  They are actually 12 ounces (yes I measured them, because I was already leery about the place). I mean come on, Seriously, how much does 4 ounces of baked beans cost. Give the portion you say you are going to get.

The other crappy thing about their offer is they have nice sides like candied yams, Black Eye Peas, and Corn, but when you try to redeem the family pack they only offer you a few basic sides and not their entire sides menu which is all priced exactly the same ($3.99 for 16 oz)

You get about $40 worth of food, and the food is actually very good, it's to bad they try to short change you to make up for their discount.( They only get about $17 from Groupon) Typical restaurants like this run about a 35% food cost, so $40 worth of food (not the $70 its supposed to be) would cost them about $14. I don't think they realized until after they made these promotions. Or maybe they just make these offers trying to survive (cause Groupon sends them the check right away). I really don't know, Only Big Paul knows but the summary is you definitely don't get the amount of food your are supposed to when using a discount.

The place also needs a thorough cleaning and organization, the cashier where there computer is setup is a major mess. 

I really have mixed feelings about posting here, because I'd like to actually return to Big Pauls, the BBQ is that good but their deceptive business practices really bother me, and my publicly posting bothers me too as they might read my review and recognize me and ??

If they cleaned up the place and were a little less deceptive on their offerings it would be an absolute Gem of a BBQ joint in Las Vegas.

Big Paul, If your reading this I wish you  the best of success, but you will need to clean up the joint in more than a few ways if you want to succeed in the longterm.


Original review Below:

This place is a joke. 

If you are using the groupon they offered a few weeks ago, they treat you differently than if you are a "Paying" customer.

I called to redeeem the "Family Meal Package", but was told that they had sold out of them for the day. I asked if I could substitute some other items since it wasn't my fault they ran out of food. The quick and rude 1 word answer= NO. I asked if I could subsitute some other items like "Beef Ribs" and pay the difference in price =NO.

I asked to speak to Paul (the owner). He matter of factly told me that they had already redeemed 65 packages (seems like BS to me) for the day and were sold out of the promotion for the day, come back on Tuesday. I said, I wanted BBQ today, not on Tuesday. He said "If you don't like it, just call Groupon and ask for a refund ???"

After a little further complaining from me about this being counter intuitive to good business and the whold idea behind using groupon is to attract new customers not chase them away, he gave me the song and dance about how he was just a small mom and pop place that can't afford to give food away every day, that's why they have limits in place, yada, yada, yada.

Needless to say I was rather irritated.  I decided to call back about 5 minutes later using a different phone and no coupon. Miraculously, they now had the items that were previously sold out. Talk about shady & unethical

He didn't have a problem cashing the check Groupon sent him, but seems he doesn't want to pay it back in a timely manner

This guy might no BBQ (didn't actually try it) but he doesn't know caca about how to run a business.

Caveat Emptor (Buyer Beware)


Jason
Let me keep this short and simple. I had already purchased my Groupon when I first read some very negitive comments about the food and service at Paul's. So I called to place my order and the phone was answered by Paul himself.  He could not have been nicer. He was patient and answered all of my concerns. We settled on a convenient  pick-up time for me later in the week. I ordered the Family Dinner Package and when I arrived at Paul's at the appointed hour, my order was packed and ready to go. The quality of the service was exceeded only by the quality and the quantity of the food. Everything was cooked to perfection. The meat was falling off the bone. 40 wings, half hot, half barbeque, wholey delicious. Candied yams and cole slaw delicious. A whole chicken, delicious. Forget Dave's. Forget Lucille's. Paul's got the best barbeque in Vegas. Thank you Groupon for showing me the way. I'll find my way back on my own. Dr. Lou
Although I live pretty close to this place, I've only frequented this place the last couple of months. I wanted to go there a few times before writing my review.

I like BBQ, especially slow smoked meats. And their smoker is great. You can see it smoking in the side-patio. I've tried their spare and baby back ribs, pulled pork, beef briscut and hot links. I like the tenderness and smokey flavor they all contain.

For the sides, all I've really tried, but really like, are the BBQ beens.

The negative reviews seem mostly to do with Groupon. Like other business, it seems like they probably overextended themselves with their Groupon deal!

But I didn't do Groupon for them, so all was great for me!
Had a groupon for a family meal.  Gave us only dark meat (4 legged chicken anyone).  No breast meat (ad was for a whole chicken).  Also gave only small sides.  Not friendly.  Good ribs and beans-had better though and will not go back.
I am upgrading the review of Big Paul's BBQ, because this place is actually getting better.

Pulled Pork, Spare Ribs and the coleslaw were really good and the Sweet Potato Fries were just the right side for a good BBQ meal.

Just sitting in this joint, waiting for your food, is a olfactory delight. I need to plan my next visit as an eat-in so I can enjoy that smell throughout dinner.
Beware if you're trying to use a coupon from Groupon.  I made the mistake of walking in to place an order with coupon in hand and was told I needed to phone in my order.  When I pulled out my cell phone at the counter and proceeded to call and  place the order, I was told I needed to step outside to make the call.  I was also informed the minimum amount of wait time was going to an hour and a half.   No one was behind me in line so the order could have been taken.  In fact, the only people in the place were two elderly women sitting at a table waiting for their order.  

I did not place my order but successfully received a refund from Groupon for the coupon purchase. The food smelled fantastic, but I refuse to do business with anyone who doesn't respect their customers.  I have subsequently filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau.
I tried to like this place... really, I did. They moved down to Flamingo and Pecos, in a dreary little plaza. (The same one that Metro killed a guy in last year...)

The service is friendly, so that gives them a star. Well, the brisket is OK as well, but it's not worth a second one.

Where did they go wrong? Well, the sides all seemed like they came out of a tin or container, rather than being made fresh. The beans tasted bad, the macaroni salad tasted like it came from Albertson's, and unfortunately, I've had better yams from a can. 

The rib tips were tough as leather, the pork lacked any real taste, and the sausage link kind of tasted like something from Hormel. 

They rushed to open in the new location, so when we went, they only had canned drinks available. 

The brisket was quite good, but, I just can't think of a reason to go back to this place. It's a real shame, because the place came very highly recommended.
The best BBQ in Vegas , my favorite is the rib tips, the also make some of the best fried chicken around. Great food all around. They have also moved to 3205 E. desert inn Rd, las Vegas, NV 89121. They been at the new location for only a couple of weeks
Had a slab of St louis ribs,my gf had pulled pork.Ribs were fatty,seemed reheated,and were already cut up,didnt look like a full slab.Corn muffins were a zero,I asked if the potatoe salad was made there.It tasted like the commercially made stuff from 5 gallon pails.Baked beans were great,and so was the pulled pork.I liked the spicy sauce and the mild was good too.Mediocre at best.I would give it another try except that with the filth in the dining area,counter and bathroom was unacceptable.I can only wonder what the kitchen is like and how old the food is.
Honestly, I'd give this place negative stars if I could. The food was ok, but as a paying customer, I expect to be treated with courtesy and not like a criminal.

I live very close (less than 5 minutes by car) to this place and was very excited to have a bbq place in the neighborhood; so excited that when my cousin came to visit, I recommended we give it a try. We drive up there and place our order with who we later found out was the owner (yes, Big Paul himself). He was not the friendliest of guys, but the prices were reasonable, we were hungry, and the place smelled great so I overlooked it.

We brought our food home and I was ready to sink my teeth in to a juicy smoked rib, only to bite down in to a tough, rubbery piece of meat that I literally could not chew. But the sauce was pretty tasty and we'd ordered other items so though I was disappointed by the ribs, I moved on to the brisket and pulled pork. Neither was anything to write home about, but the meat was at least chewable and as I said before the sauce was good. 

We finished eating and my pregnant cousin reached in to her bag for dessert, only to find that they had forgotten to include her peach cobbler. No big deal, we lived close and they deliver. She called the restaurant to inform them of the mistake. They did not offer to deliver it to us, but agreed when asked. My cousin also asked if she could be upgraded to a large as compensation for the mistake. The girl on the other end said "that shouldn't be a problem." 

The delivery guy shows up at the house with a small peach cobbler. My cousin asks about the large and the driver knows nothing about it. She repeated what the girl on the phone had told her and he said he would call and find out what happened. The delivery guy gets in his car to use the phone and a minute later we hear his car drive away, assuming he was going to get the large cobbler. We wait half an hour and then my cousin calls again. This time the owner gets on the phone. My cousin politely explains what happened to him and we were both STUNNED when the owner begins shouting at her and saying that he "waisted gas" sending his driver to her and if she didn't want a small, that was "her problem." Still in shock, my cousin explains that there must have been a misunderstanding. Still rude, the owner says that she can come pick up her money (which was only $2.99 by the way) but he was done with the whole situation. He would not even listen to her speak.  At this point my cousin is becoming upset (not to mention hormonal, because she is pregnant). She tries voicing how displeased she is with the way she is being treated and the owner asks her is she BELIEVES IN GOD!!! WTF?!?!? What did that have to do with anything? How unprofessional can you be?!  

Incredibly annoyed by now, I accompany my cousin back to the restaurant. Again, it was only $3 but she still wanted the peach cobbler (again, pregnant).  We walk in and she says to the owner, "Sir I ordered a peach cobbler and..." Before she could finish speaking he opens the register and cuts her off to say "There's your money, now you can go." Shocked again, my cousin says "I would just like to say that I am very disappointed with..." He cuts her off again, "You made your point, now get out. If you don't leave now, I'll call the cops. I've got you on camera and I know your address." (Which was actually MY address because she doesn't live here in Vegas). 

By now, my cousin is PISSED. "Call the cops." She tells him, "I've done nothing wrong. All I wanted was to upgrade a small peach cobbler to a large, no one even bothered to ask me if I was willing to pay the additional money for an upgrade! I'm a paying customer!" He gets on the phone and dials the police. To avoid any trouble, we left the restaurant both disappointed and confused. As we are getting in to the car, the owner follows us outside to read off the license plate number to my cousin's rental car to the police (supposedly) on the phone. 

My experience here was so horrible and so disappointing, I will NEVER eat here again. I wish the opposite were true, but in my opinion bad service out weighs good bbq sauce. Never in my life have I been so disrespected and treated like a criminal just for ordering dessert. Especially when it was THEM who made the mistake in the first place. They really need to learn how to do business with people or they surely will not last long.
Ordered delivery from these guys last week, was pretty excited about a BBQ place being nearby that delivered!

The delivery took almost an hour and a half. About 30 min longer than I was originally told.

I got the three meat, two side combo for 19.99. The ribs and hot links were good, the brisket was just ok. Neither the baked beans nor the potato salad particularly impressed me. 

The real deal breaker for me was the sauce. It was just not good. It was bitter and tasted more like a vinaigrette than a BBQ sauce. 

Kind of a disappoinment. I hate to jump on the "Vegas has no good barbecue" bandwagon but every place I've tried has either been inconsistent (Adam's Ribs) or overpriced (Lucille's, Memphis Championship BBQ). If anyone has a good suggestion for Vegas BBQ I'm all ears!
My second experience with Big Paul's.  The first one we went for lunch in the restaurant.  I didn't notice the dirt everyone is speaking of probably because the aroma was overriding my ability to think of stuff like that.  I had the 2 item with brisket (not the best or the worst I've had) and pork ribs (delicious).  I had greens (could use some work I think he can do better).  This time I had a rack of ribs, wings, cole slaw and green beans.  The wings are pretty good, cole slaw was yummy as were the green beans (fresh).  I am very happy Paul's is in my neighborhood and delivers promptly.  I met him the first time and he was very nice- I don't know what happened in these other instances but I found him cool.
Will be visiting here some more!
Originally I was going to get Subway for lunch, but once I noted there was a BBQ joint flyer stuck to our front door, my fiance seemed immediately interested in ordering, so we went ahead and jumped on the BBQ delivery boat... 

The guy on the phone was very pleasant, he even said at the end of the convo, "And I'll see you in 45 minutes!". So I guess that's the same guy who dropped off my food. We ended up ordering their $19.99 combo. 3 meats and 2 sides. We went with the ribs, brisket, and pulled pork. 

Delivery time was perfect, just about 40 minutes when our food arrived. 

As for the food. Pulled pork and brisket were pretty decent. But the pork seemed overly shredded. It will work well for BBQ pork sandwiches which I plan on making tomorrow for dinner. The brisket pulled apart really well, but the seasonings were not exactly right.. The ribs tips: meh. Fatty, and the parts that were not fatty were kind of like eating jerky. I'll pass on those next time. 

Sides. I ordered french fries, which I know is a terrible idea considering they have to be delivered, but I REALLY wanted some starch/carbs because I've been keeping them out of my diet for awhile. They were okay, and had some cajun seasoning on them. Macaroni salad... blah. I think it came out of a can or something. It was bland. Although the noodles were at least not soggy/gross. 

Extra side - I ordered mozzarella sticks because my fiance loves them. They were, um, kind of weird. I'm pretty sure they came out of a box and were just warmed up. Plus - no marinara sauce to dip them in. Womp womp. Lesson learned.

Honestly I'd probably order from here again just because they deliver BBQ to my house, which is awesome and better than driving to Famous Dave's for super mediocre BBQ.
wings are good and sweet potatoes fries. the rest of the food is dry and the staff is rude. if you have a gift certificate they selectively decide when it's valid. will never go back
This is better than a lot of the BBQ choices in Las Vegas.  That is not saying a ton, but it's good.  I had the 2 meat combo, I chose chicken and hot links.  The chicken had a very nice smokey flavor, but was dry.  The hot links were flavorful, but I would have liked more heat.  I will say it was quite a bit of meat for the price ($15.99).

For sides, I had potato salad, red beans and rice, and fried okra.  A number of other yelpers have commented the potato salad seems store-bought.  I agree.  The red beans and rice was good, but I could have used more flavor.  The okra was the star.  It's cornmeal crusted, not battered and deep fried like most places.  Very good, and quite a lot in the order.

Drinks are 50 cents for refills.  This annoys me coming from a fountain.  I would rather they charge a quarter more per drinks and give refills.

A lot of yelpers had issues with service.  I did not.  The employees I encountered were very friendly and helpful.  I will definitely return.
I wanted to love this spot. BUT........It's not good at all. I got the 2 meat combo with pulled pork and the brisket. The brisket was dryer than shoe leather and the flavorless sauce couldn't help mask it. And the pork, while not quite as dry as the brisket, it lacked in any sort of smoke flavor, or any real flavor for that matter. Got 2 sides with my combo, the baked beans were pretty good, while the potato salad was not to my taste or anyone in my group.

One friend got the smoked chicken sandwich and another tried the sausage, the chicken was beyond dry and the sausage had a really odd texture as if it were over ground.

Still waiting for a legit BBQ joint in Vgeas.
worst ever. DO NOT GO HERE! We ordered alot of food over the phone because we had a flyer on the door.So we waited an hour.And after an hour the guy called me and said "are you sure your in our delivery area?" wtf yes you put a flyer on our door. Oh he said well how do i get there? im on my way. Which was clearly a lie because i could hear the restaurant in the background. I said you have not even left yet? He called me rude and i said cancel my order and hung up. Worst service ever.
im a fan. i went for my birthday with the family. we ordered a $100 combo with some other things as well. i am not the biggest BBQ fan and dont consider myself to know much about BBQ but i enjoyed everything. i really like the sausage and fried chicken.
i also had a to go order of the sausage jambalaya, which was my first time trying. i got the hottest number 5 ( not that hot) it was really good.
I like this place. Big Paul himself is always friendly towards me whenever I go in there. Brisket and ribs are my favorite. Love the spicy bbq sauce and the ribs are nice and meaty. Can't go wrong with the delivery specials.
Only thing is...they need to get rid of the Cafe Verdi sign that is still on the east side of the building.
Glad to have a good bbq spot so close to me.
Love this place eat here a few times a month for lunch always get the brisket special w/sauce on the side.
Never disa pointed.
My husband and I are from Texas and love legit barbeque. We have dined in and also placed a delivery order. Both times we got the $19.99 3 meat 2 side deal with brisket, ribs and pulled pork and bbq beans and patato salad. Everything is fresh and the meat is tender and delicious, we definitly had plenty leftovers for lunch. The spicy barbeque sauce is highly recommended. Only down fall is the fried okra, we added a side of it both times and the batter seems too burnt and doesnt taste as expected. Staff is friendly and we will definitly be back!
First time i recognized this BBQ hole in the wall place while driving by. I got what I expected : good brisket and excellent coleslaw and macaroni salad.  The lunch specials are a good deal: it was fast and satisfying. The staff were all very nice. I plan to go back to try other sides of many listed on the menu.
Horrible! If you know Texas BBQ you know this ain't it. And How many times can you refry something and still get people to pay for it? Just ask Big Paul about his onion rings , he can tell you. Chicken is dry and the brisket was just plain eh .  Further more I find it very disturbing that "Big Paul's Texas BBQ" is anti-2nd amendment and doesn't allow law abiding citizens to carry in his restaurant. I  didn't find this out until our second try there.
Decor: Looks like a wild west gift shop.  Clutter, badly displayed and not very clean.

Menu: confusing as the decor.

Food quality: I ordered the pulled pork and got luke warm, under-cooked pork.  I ordered the "spicy" sauce and it wasn't even mixed into the meat.  It was just a glob of psuedo-solidified mess on top of the meat.  And spicy?  Not even close.

This is not a place I will visit again, or recommend to anyone I actually like.
I'm a big fan of pulled pork barbecue, collard greens and black eyed peas.. and this place is a welcome neighborhood find.  SOOOO tasty.. and super friendly folk too -
Just ordered some food for delivery, and the person on the phone and the delivery person were both wonderful. Courteous, professional, welcoming.

Sadly, the food was surprisingly bad. I ordered rib tips and brisket, and requested spicy sauce. I'm 99% sure I got mild sauce by mistake, but if somehow I did receive the 'spicy' sauce, then I'm offended by what they call 'spicy.' Either way, the sauce was dull in all aspects - not sweet enough, not salty enough, not packing any other flavors well enough. Besides the sauce being bad, it was poured over my meats in extreme excess, vastly overcompensating for their poor preparation. My food was DRENCHED in sauce, so much that I could hardly distinguish the meat from the soupy red mess.

The rib tips had decent texture and were cooked satisfactorily, not much to complain about there, and definitely nothing to praise. But the brisket was somewhat like soggy cardboard. I was only able to eat about 3 rib tips and 2 pieces of brisket before I actually threw the rest of it away. I really hate wasting food, but there was just no chance that I could actually eat any more of this. The beans were ok - somewhat odd, but I can't put my finger on exactly why. I don't think I can directly criticize the beans, and I'll probably finish eating them as leftovers tomorrow.

Nonetheless, I could tell that somebody probably knew something in their kitchen, and I could probably find something else on the menu that I would really enjoy. If I'm ever in a jam for some reason, I'll give them another try, and just avoid all of the items I ordered today.
A great man once said, "Most folks don't know no more 'bout BBQ than a pregnant sow knows 'bout Neiman Marcus."

I was going to give this 3 stars because it doesn't really suck but it isn't really BBQ either. The style is what I would call East Texas Church Picnic; the meats are all overcooked and the sauce is way too thick and sickeningly sweet. OK, their sauce does really suck. The potato salad was bland and insipid as well.

Brisket is the King, Here the king is undersmoked and over trimmed. Brisket for a Brave New World, or sadly just for the 21st century? I watched the video on their website and it appears they use modern digitally controlled ovens instead of traditional pits. These smoker/ovens produce a very consistent product but it tends to be a little sterile and soulless.

If you like this style of BBQ and many do, go for it. I hope that maybe some of their Southern specialties are good but I doubt that I will return. After I read my review I could not justify 3 stars.
About once a month, for the past year, I have ordered delivery from Big Paul's BBQ, and I have never had anything less that perfect service - ordering, delivery, and especially the food!
One particular time, they were a bit busy, and Paul himself delivered...incredibly friendly, and certainly appreciative of the business!
The food is great...I can't compliment it higher!
Tried the brisket the other day, and it was excellent.  Juicy and tender, it's a definite re-order.  They put the sauce on top, next time I'll ask them to put it on the side, so I can just eat some brisket by itself.
Always a must when I'm in vegas.  The owner paul really has it down when it comes to BBQ, used to go to his old location for years.  My mouth starts to water with anticipation just headed here.  I have not ever had a bad item from this place.  His food is amazing, you just can't beat the taste of BBQ that is actually Cooked in a Smoker versus grilled like most places.  His sides are great as well, I usually hate cole slaw, but I could eat the one here all day.

This place is defiantly worth going out of your way to visit, its nothing special to look at, but it seems as the best holes in the wall are always like that.

Say Hi to paul, eat too much here, then take a nap.
A little background before I get started on my full review. As a teenager I grew up in Atlanta. Soon after I got my first car I would spend every weekend filling my car up with gas and driving in the hopes of finding a new barbecue joint in the middle of nowhere. Many weekends I was very successful others not so much. Since then I've made it a point to try every barbecue joint I get a chance to since I spend a lot of time on the road. Today I would say I was successful and this place is a success! The smell of the barbecue as I walked in the door was amazing. The lady behind the front counter was very courteous and took my order quickly. The food came out in a reasonable amount of time I ordered pulled pork and fried okra. It came out without much fanfare on a bun, dry with a bottle of sauce to go with it. Overall the pork was very good moist and flavorful. The fried okra was clearly made on the spot from scratch. Not the best I've ever had but certainly no slouch. Although the fried okra was a little bit overcooked for my taste. The restaurant was very quiet and there were no other visitors although I did come in at 2:30 PM. Overall I would say successful. I will be back. I saw a fantastic deal for chicken and ribs so I'll have to try that.
Not the best BBQ i've ever had, but definitely fan-worthy.  The best part about this place is that they deliver good quality BBQ with a pretty impressive delivery radius, and no extra charge.  

My wife and I have ordered from here 4 or 5 times over the last month, and have tried most of their BBQ options, the Fried Chicken, and quite a few sides.  

I have enjoyed it every time, and the flavor of their meat is very good, though i will agree with several of the other posts that they go WAY overboard on the sauce.  We like sweet sauces, and theirs has a nice tang to it, but MAKE SURE TO ORDER THE SAUCE ON THE SIDE.  I cannot stress this enough.  They put enough sauce on the meat to make it more like a BBQ soup.   .  

I also recommend ordering early in the day, and getting their smoked ham.  They always run out of it by late morning or early afternoon, because it is phenomenal.
Good food overall but the storefront could use some work to make for a nicer dining experience. The place was clean and service was fine. I would absolutely order take out or delivery from here.
The meats were excellent and that's what BBQ is all about.
Visiting LV and had a need for "Q". Took the family; three kids and two adults.  Happened to be near Paul's and chose it for the reviews.
We didn't order a varied selection; spare ribs, baked potato with pulled pork and lots of sides that served as appetizers.  Beans, jalapenos, fries and mozzarella sticks.
The ribs were excellent.  A little too much sauce but the meat was smoked and cooked perfectly. Meat almost fell off the bone.  Not too fatty and had a great texture.  
Pulled Pork was cooked perfectly and tasty.
Don't go for the atmosphere. It's a cold shopping center store front but that said, Paul's a sweet, charming guy and that made it great.  We'd go back.
Decided to give these guys another shot, and I'm glad I did. Ordered the 3-meat combo for 19.99 with ribs, chicken and brisket, plus a baked potato and baked beans. First off, the ribs were FANTASTIC. Next time I may get just a slab of ribs. The chicken was really good, the brisket was a bit dry for my taste. 

What really won me over though, were the beans. They are some of the best I've had in a long long time. HUGE improvement over last time.
I am a creole myself and have YET to find someone who can cook some food like my family. Fish was cooked so crispy but nice and soft on the inside. I'm usualy very stand-off-ish when it comes to restraunts calling themselves "creole food". But you guys earn my vote for sure!!!!

Can I please have it everyday? :)
Great food ! Wife and I have to split one order there is so much!!  Is not 5 star restaurant but the food is good and service is great ! I recommend this place
My boyfriend likes this place but when I went in to pick up his food I saw a roach crawling on the wall ewwww disgusting never going back again
Pretty good barbecue.  I ordered the brisket which was good. The beans were tasty too. The service was good and it looked pretty clean. I will go back and try the ribs I think. 

Definitely worth a try. It has been good so far.
Place has A rating and appeared clean.Umbelievable menu range.Excellent cole slaw and ribs. So much food that I had to bring home.  Check out their $20 for 2 deals!
 Food good and prices as good.This is on my list as a place to keep going back! Seriously it has been years since I have had real Southern cooking
Yum!  Cannot wait to try their Friday night hickory smoked prime OR the catfish
..
Love this place.  I wish I could make it more often!  The food is delicious and since my very first visit the owner has remembered me (despite my once every other month average) and has always provided great and friendly service!  The friends that I have referred here have loved it as well.  I'd venture to say it ranks as some of the best BBQ in Las Vegas.  Right up there with some of the chains!
So the husband and I wanted some good bbq. We get to the restaurant and  it takes fifteen minutes to order. Nobody was there but us and another guy.  He had already ordered. We waited over forty five minutes for our food.  So we sat down to eat. The meat wasn't seasoned nor tasteful. I ordered the greens, yams, and half of chicken. My husband had two meat combo, chicken and ribs with baked beans. The best thing was the baked beans and the orange soda. The rest was a mess. The meat tasted like it was boiled. No seasonings. Chicken wasn't cleaned. We were siting there eating when a cockroach crosses the table. Well that was the deal breaker.  We immediately asked for to go trays for our dog to finish.
I've had Big Paul's atleast 10 times in the last year.

I've never been disappointed. Starting off with the Sweet Tea, it's always delightful and refreshing.

The food is excellent. I can't help myself with the catfish AND shrimp Poboy. The shrimp is HUGE and tastes incredible. The bbq beans are always a perfect side dish. The sauce itself, spicy or regular, always does the trick. They never hold back on the meat. The food is typically messy, and good BBQ/Southern food is supposed to be. And I would know ;)

They have a fairly good size selection of food. Missing a few things like some homemade macNcheese, but you'll suffice.

Big Paul himself is a super nice fellow, and it's a VERY family orienated place.

It might not be the #1 BBQ spot in town, I'm not sure what is just yet, but I'll always be a fan and I'll always go out of my way to eat here when I'm in that mood!
I'm sad to report that Big Paul's is not open any longer.  They wouldn't answer the phone on Saturday so I went over and they were gone.
This joint is CLOSED permanently as I didn't see a MOVED sign.
Beats any other soul food in Vegas. They are right out of Louisiana and make you feel welcome as soon as you hit the door. Great Prices and Food.
I was randomly craving soul food today so looked up soul food restuarants that were near me. Almost went to grannys but they were not open yet, and im glad  or i would have never found this place. this place has amazing food! and the service was great. they were so nice and friendly. took a while but the food is fresh and made to order. I would suggest calling in first. I ordered 4 fried wings (which are huge by the way!) collards greens, okra, and dirty rice and all were awesome. I brought the food back to my office and the aroma had the whole office buzzing. Im sure ill be going back there soon. I wish I wasnt such a health freak or I would be eating there everyday!!!!
Meh.  My thoughts exactly.  The place was totally dead, so they had to warm up the oil and pans just to make our food, which took forever.  The girl there was nice but completely dry and too busy watching Maury to bother making us feel at home.  The super-steroid chicken wings were fine, except they had no seasoning at all.  Same for the fried okra.  The only enjoyable food we had was a sausage Po'boy, but the tasty sauce was just thrown in.  I had more of it on me and the fries than was inside the sandwich.  For that price we would have been better off going to Canes or KFC for some real flavor.  There was nothing Cajun about this place at all.
Don't walk - run - to Mr. Willy's.  My co-workers and I eat here at least once a week.  I LOVE their catfish and the greens are swimming in fatback.  Yum, yum.  I call ahead so the order is ready when we arrive.
limited menu but everything is good. They cook from scratch, so don't be in a  hurry. Food  and service excellent , as other reviews that I read.  Love the chicken and catfish
Amazing food!! Had the Crawfish touffe and the catfish PoBoy. I need to make the trip up here again!!!
Great catfish!  I grew up in the South close to Louisiana so this was like a taste of home.  This guy can make catfish taste as good as crappie!!
I went here today and ordered the catfish 5 piece with 2 sides and a order of 3 piece chicken.. The catfish meal was really good, the sides I had were greens and red beans and rice. The lemonade was SO good!!! Even the fries and toast were good..The chicken was ok, it could use more seasoning or at least some salt. He is turning the inside of the business into a mini market as well as a chicken and fish place so its kind of crampy. I didnt like the fact that I wanted potato salad and bread pudding but they were out.. overall my experience was good! ill go back again.. well phone in my order, it took 20 minutes for my food to be done and its also kind of pricey..  and would love to see a fish and shrimp combo (maybe 2 piece fish or 3 and 6 shrimp) that isnt 16 or 24 dollars.. GREAT FOOD!! and its rare for las vegas...
Make the journey here (for me it is west side of LV) Awesome food. Had the Red beans and rice which had Ox tail meat. Catfish is wonderful and the greens as well. I highly recommend this!
Well, ever since Mr. Willy's closed I can no longer recommend their Cajun food.  I called to make an order and they never answered,  So we went over there and the door was locked.  How do they expect to stay in business if they keep going out of business?  Sheesh!
Pulled pork sandwich was excellent.Baked beans had way too much black pepper,and the portion was extremely small for $2.00.Some of the prices are very high,28.00 for a full rack of baby backs?The guy that took my order said they would be using larger containers for the sides soon.As another poster said the staff is very friendly.I will definitely go back,its close to my work,and i would like to try some other menu items.
This is not Southern style brisket. It's chewy and fatty (i found three large chunks of fatty brisket that somebody could choke on if they tried to swallow it). Listen, I ate at 36 real southern BBQ joints last summer and this brisket would rank last. Website says he is from Arkansas, but I would like proof because the brisket doesn't qualify as southern. You can tell by the way he chops it, real BBQ brisket is more shredded. He also should know nobody serves brisket on a hoagie roll in the south, it comes on a bun. Rollin Smoke has two sauces, one claims to be hot, but both taste exactly the same, nothing stands out in that respect. Moving onto the side dish, which is in a tiny cup and not worth the $2. It was jalapeno coleslaw and wasn't too bad, but I honestly didn't see any jalapeno's in the cup. It also appears he has changed the prices - up of course - after being open a week. The online menu says a combo includes drink, chips and side for $2, now the chips are excluded. The price of 1/2 rack of ribs is $10 online and $12 on another menu that is off to the side inside the place, but on the official menu it is now $16. The big smoker on the outside and good smell makes this place appealing to the eyes and nose, but it doesn't pass the taste test. If you do go, show the website coupon on your phone to save 10 percent and that way when you get home and eat your nasty brisket at least you will have saved some money and won't feel as bad.
Top notch bbq! The pulled pork sandwiches are delicious. They used to park on valley view and russell and we frequently visted them at least once a week. The ribs were good as well, but I can dig in like I want in a shirt and tie.

I gotta visit again!
Fabulous BBQ.  Before this joint, the best BBQ I have had was a tie between a place in Raleigh, NC and the shack on Corpus Christi Naval Air Station in TX.  Very authentic, not too smokey but just right.  The beans were nothing short of incredible.  Next time I will be trying the jalapeno cole slaw.  I certainly hope business is good for them because it is downright impossible to find reasonably priced, authentic bbq in Vegas.  Good advertising having the smokers in the parking lot or else I would never have known it was there.   Only suggestion I would make would be to add more sides such as collards, etc.
This is a new out of the way bbq restaurant that recently opened on Highland Dr.  I know that Highland is an industrial and seedy area west of the strip, but these guys are turning out some good bbq and making the most of what they have.  I recently tried the Biggin sandwich (brisket, pulled pork and sausage) and it was very tasty.  The sandwich was loaded with meat, literally falling off the bun, all of the meats were tender and had a good smoke flavor.  Along with my sandwich was a side of bacon potatoe salad, which was good.  The potatoe salad had good flavor and bacon in just about every bite.  Total for my sandwich, salad and drink ran me $11, which I think is a good value for quality food.
This is a spicier bbq than most people are used to, but it works.  It reminds me more of a kicked up Kansas City style bbq.  I stuck with the original sauce, which was plenty hot and did not try the spicy or the extra spicy.

All in all this place is making some pretty good bbq, which is much needed in Las Vegas.  The biggest draw back is that they are located on Highland next to Diamond Cabaret and they are only open until 6pm.  I would like to see this place do well, hence my review, but their limited hours and location create much doubt.
Good Luck!
This place is really good BBQ, I hate fat and gristle so I stay away from some of the meats; I got the hotlink sandwich, the baked beans, and loaded mashed potatoes. It was all very good. The location has something to be desired. During the day I felt fine; I have a feeling at night the safe factor goes way down. Two, what I assumed to be, strippers were here when we got lunch and one of them out right propositioned my boss. After a good laugh we all sat down and ate our meal. Everyone was full and pleased. It seems this place gets more business by the day. During the lunch hour they ran out of seats and the line can build up quickly.
The BEST Bar B Que place in Las Vegas, Hands down!! The meat was so tender and juicy. Pretty much perfect! This is Vegas NOT down SOUTH but this will def compare to some southern Bar B Ques. No I havent ate at 38 bar B Que places (Seeing as its horrible for you and good way to get huge) but out of the few I have in Vegas I will never go back to any except for this one. The Pulled pork was the best I have had in Years. DEFFFFF need to try this place.
I waited to write this review. I've been to this place five times now and I am not a fan. The first two times the baby back ribs were good but a bit over cooked but good. The third time I got beef ribs and they were terrible. It had a big piece of fat right in the middle of the rib and overcooked. The last two times I got the baby backs again and they were really overcooked. I know most restaurants talk about the meat falling off the bones and they did. But these were so overcooked the meat was too soft and mushy.
Really good restaurant. Although the place was a bit empty for being 5 PM, the food was very fresh and well-prepared. I had the piggy wrap and it was very flavorful! I will definitely try one of their meat platters next time that I'm in.
My quest for excellent non-chain restaurants continues, and finding this one was a happy accident.  There are large smokers in the parking lot which is originally what drew our attention to the place.  Usually we find our gems from Yelp, but this time it was a drive-by (or I should say that I find places on Yelp as the bf is in the food industry and like many industry people has a baseless grudge against Yelp).  

Since i am not a huge meat eater what I really care about are the sides.  The sides were amazing.  Which is great because a lot of times at BBQ places the focus is on the meat only and the sides are kind of an after thought.  The peach cobbler was insanely good.  And I have been dreaming about the loaded mashed potatoes since I had them.  I also had the mac n cheese.  The waiter (who I assume is also one of the owners since he thanked us about 20 times for coming in) recommended the mac n cheese.  Listen if you can't execute a delicious mac n cheese you should throw yourself off a bridge.  It's macaroni, cheese, cream and bake.  It was really good but I was more impressed with the other sides that are nonstandard and were amazing.  On my next visit I plan on trying the banana pudding.    

It does have its advantages and disadvantages, depending on who you are.  It is right down the street from the Rhino - a disadvantage to me, but an advantage to any dirt-bags.  The parking lot is kind of sketchy, again a disadvantage to me, but like home to dirt-bags.  The BBQ sauce is really peppery.  I personally like milder sauces and I am not a big meat eater, but I could still appreciate the execution of the sauce and that it was made in house.  I am not used to eating smoked meat so was a little concerned that the chicken looked pink, but the bf explained to me that that is how smoked meat should look that has actually been smoked in a smoker and not just marinated in smoke "flavor".  All the meat was very tender, but the sauce was a little too intense for me.  That being said I was more than happy to stick with the sides.
Best BBQ I have had in Las Vegas. The pork was perfectly smoked and tender. The sauce was awesome and unique, this place blows everywhere else away.
You have got to be kidding me!!!   I didn't think I could find good bbq in this town, but this place is so, so awesome.  We had bbq like this in the midwest and who would have thought it would come to LV?  Forget the famous chefs.  The location is not exactly ritzy, but the food is great.  They could use a TV or 2 in there, but the brisket and pulled pig are fantastic and I love the jalapeno cole slaw.
Serve me up some smoky, tender pork slathered with some of the best tasting barbeque sauce I have ever had (including the Scott's BBQ sauce I order from North Carolina!) at a ridculous low price.  Throw in a friendly little hostess/server and a greeting on my first visit from Chef Tim, the master smoker himself.  Then hide your restaurant next to Spearment Rhino and I just may be a customer for life!

I heard about Rollin Smoke through word of mouth and looked it up on Yelp only to see it had amazing reviews.  I have to join the bandwagon.  Chef Tim has something special here.  Amazing barbeque and great sides which are a must to be a good BBQ joint in my book.  Don't even get me started on the baked beans and jalapeno coleslaw!  For the quality of food, the prices are crazy low.  No liquor license yet, but for a small corkage fee you can BYOB.  If you force me to find a con, I would say the parking lot is not very big and the bathroom looks like a 1970's situation.  Fortunately, I don't judge a restaurant on those factors.  To me, it only adds to the experience that at any given moment, you can see a blue collar guy in uniform chowing down or a hungry Rhino worker.  BEST BBQ IN VEGAS!  Don't even doubt.
The brisket is outstanding.
OK it's a little off-beat for a location, off of Highland in an industrial mega-plex area, strip bars and mechanics shops vie for attention.  You can't miss the big smokers out front though, sitting in the parking lot like beasts of barbecue.   You go inside and like a magical mirror, the place is so much bigger in than out, with a side room and front room with tables and chairs to hang out in.  NOW, the amazing part, the part that astounds is the BBQ!  I don't believe I have ever had better BBQ sauce...EVER.  The brisket wasn't tender but delicious, the hot link was extraordinary and the beans had chunks of beef that were staggering.  Everyone in our group (there were 9 of us) shut right up and dug in (although keeping the 5th star away for now was the somewhat unorganized service).  If you love BBQ, there is NONE better in Vegas, or maybe even in the great state of Nevada.  Heck, I would put it up against the little smoke houses in my wife's hometown of Nashville!  Truly superb food and the banana pudding at the end was heaven itself.  If you are into "fancy" you don't know BBQ anyway so this aint for you.  IF YOU WANT the best tasting BBQ in town though, this is the place for you!   GET SOME!!!
It's always a good sign when you show up at a BBQ place and several smokers are fired up in the parking lot. I found this place on Yelp and wanted to try a new BBQ place on my business trip to Vegas. This place did the trick and then some.

Excellent, friendly service. Pulled pork, brisket and mac and cheese were all very good. Very tender meat with a smoke flavor that was just right -- not overpowering at all. Sauce was slightly vinegary and was definitely peppery, as someone else mentioned, but I like that. Next time, I want to try the hot links and ribs.

And don't skip the banana pudding.

There's plenty of time for the chains. This is the kind of place that I hope both locals and tourists would support.
Just finished a fan-freaking-tastic Christmas lunch from Rollin Smoke and wanted to recommend this place for catering!  

Since nothing says Merry Christmas like great BBQ, I knew I wanted to treat our office to some Rollin Smoke for Christmas. Best. Idea. Ever.  Chef Tim hooked it up!  Lunch was for 14 people, but I swear we got food for twice that! A huge thing of Kickin Beans, Coleslaw, barbequed chicken, ribs, pulled pork, sandwich rolls, sauce and . . . wait for it . . . mac n cheese.  I hate mac n cheese.  I'm serious.  I hate it.  Just want you to understand who you are dealing with here.  So I never thought these words would come out of my mouth, but: I loved this mac n cheese!  Had a little kick to it (like most food here) and was really good.  I just hope my waistline can survive my obsession with this place!  haha.
Trolling around for some BBQ in the Veg. We lost my favorite BBQ joint Pit Boss BBQ. They just up and left and didn't give their customers the heads up if they were going to set up shop somewhere else. A lot of their fans were disappointed when they disappeared.

The homie tells me of this new joint chillen on D.I. and Highland. I'll pho'ks with it. I roll up and see huge smokers out front. Very good sign. I go inside thinking it's going to be another hole in the wall. Inside looks nice and accommodating. Lot's of places to sit and get down. 

So I try and sample as much as I can. I get the trio combo and a half rack of baby back ribs. Hey! Don't diet! Try It!  

Trio Combo:
The trio combo comes with brisket,  a hot link, pulled pork, some bread, a few pickle slices, a side (mashed potatoes), and a side of their BBQ sauce. Their hot link came in first, with their pulled pork and brisket comming in an honorable second. Their hot links stood out with the most flavor from this combo. Coming back for more of this tube steak. You can definitely taste the smokey flavor of their passion. 

Baby back ribs:
They difinitely have this one on lock down. Very smokey and tasty. How can you mess up baby back ribs? Fall off the bone with their tangy BBQ sauce makes this one a definite come back. 

BBQ sauce:
Their BBQ sauce has a tangy spicy taste to it which will linger with you after you finish feeding your face. They give you a lot of sauce with their BBQ and give you a side of more BBQ sauce just in case. There have been a couple of spots where they just give you a dab of BBQ sauce. Come on folks! Don't be stingy with your BBQ sauce.

This is a solid diamond in the rough. It's kind of tricky getting here. If you like BBQ, try this place out and support them. It's hard to find some solid BBQ in Vegas these days. They're doing a great job. I had the coworkers sample some of their BBQ when I got back from lunch. Definitely a new lunch spot for the gang. Still have to try their beef ribs and everything else that's on the menu.


Rollin Smoke Barbeque....EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
The rib tip sandwich is brilliant.  The mac and cheese has just the right amount of kick.
Real Good authentic dry rub smoked BBQ. Total hole in the wall with some of the best pulled pork I've had... huge portions and freindly staff... If you like the corporate heat and serve food nicely packaged in a themed resteraunt, go there and not here. If you want real food and real people, this is the place..
I will always go here when I'm passing through...
I wish there were an option for 3.5 stars, but since I am convinced they will impress me next time I will go ahead with the 4. First off this place ain't for vegetarians, there's a huge stuffed hog's head next to the tables.  As well as a big Razorbacks poster. I had to ask if they were from Arkansas considering I took a road trip there over the summer and had my fair share of southern BBQ. Sure enough they answered with "wooo pig suuuiii" which if you know anything about college football or the razorbacks, you'll understand. 
Between 3 of us we ordered 3 sandwiches (hot links & pulled pork) and a half rack of baby back ribs.
I really enjoyed the ribs, not too much fat, perfectly blackened and the sauce was homemade and peppered well. I also ordered a mac & cheese side. Still wondering how that was because they served me loaded mashed potatoes instead. We also ordered it Togo, and they brought it all out on trays, to dine in. We did not complain about the side mix up, nor the unboxed food. We simply stayed and enjoyed our grub. The taters looked great and were; other than some of the bacon bits inside were a tad undercooked. The sweet tea was also a plus. 
I only seen one employee and noticed he was running outside to the smoker pit, taking orders, handing out orders, as well as doing the cleaning. They were pretty busy and could have used another person. 
The reason ultimately they got 4 stars, the food was great, and the guy serving us was pretty awesome regardless of the mistakes made. Double checked on us, made sure we got the free dessert with our yelp check in, genuinely cared about making the place work. Hopefully being right next to the strip clubs, they will last. I will for sure return to try the brisket and catfish.
Great food, great prices, great service and a casual dining atmosphere. I would have to say it's the best BBQ in Vegas.
OMG...the BBQ sauce is sweet and spicy at the same time but definitely ask for extra. The cup they give you just isn't enough. The banana pudding is homemade and to die for. Go hungry and expect to leave satisfied.
The beef brisket was delicious & very filling - I couldn't even finish it!  The beef ribs were HUGE and fell off the bone. Try the Mac & cheese if you like pepper - but it's good.

The owners are 2 brothers from Arkansas who really take pride in their southern BBQ food. It's not far off the strip and they have 3 big smokers right in front.  You have to keep your eye out for it or you might drive by - like we did!  

Definitely give them a try - it will be worth it.
Tasty BBQ and sides, reasonable prices. seems like honest home cookin'. Would like a little more heat, but won't dock them for it.
Great pork but the Brisket needs a Lil work   but over all good food
Step aside Lucille's, you ain't IT anymore...Memphis?...Ewwww! Famous Dave's? C'mon now!?!?!?!?

Rollin' Smoke is a BBQ lover's/Carniwhore's candy store that is a family run business putting out some of the tastiest Southern style BBQ(Arkansas to be exact) in town.
Wifey and I stopped in for lunch and we met Dusty up front and he handed us menus. Lots to choose from and not knowing which direction to go, we ask for his suggestions and finally narrow it down to a couple of sandwiches figuring we'd get a little something(little?, YEAH RIGHT!) to hold us over until dinner. We were the only ones here, but about 10-15 minutes later, this place had a long line full of regulars! Man, we've been missing out!

So we decide to go with one meat and one non-meat item...the Pulled Piggy, and the Catfish Po-Boy. Wifey orders up, but a picture stops her in her tracks. This is a picture of one of the BADDEST burgers in town, the Outlaw Burger. It ain't on the menu, its on the podium just like those old school"Wanted Dead or Alive" posters... Just by a glance of that photo it was bye-bye catfish, bring it on Outlaw! This bad boy takes at least 15 minutes to prepare, Starting out with a pound of meat(60% Brisket 40% ground beef) it is cooked down to about 12 ounces, piled high on a toasted bun with their tangy BBQ sauce, lettuce tomato, fried onions, scallions, and cheddar cheese.

Sandwiches run from $7-$9, and an additional $2 gets you one side and a drink.
We got some sweet tea and chose Mac and Cheese and Yams for our sides.
The wait time exceeded the 15 minute prep time, but luckily we were in no hurry, and as I've said before, I will gladly wait for good food done right. Dusty felt kinda bad, so he dropped off an additional couple of sides-Macaroni Salad and his mom's Bacon Potato Salad which were both quite tasty.

The Pulled Piggy and the Outlaw arrive at our table, and trust me when I tell you...the portions here are HUMANGOUS!!! A skewer held the burger from toppling over, and the Pulled Piggy ain't no joke either, that is one heavy sandwich chock full of smokey, tangy goodness! The Outlaw had alot going on, but worked in perfect harmony together, and it also came with a pork rib with more of the awesome sauce(not sure if it comes with the burger, or because of the wait?)
The sides went very well with our orders too. Absolutely DEE-LISH! That Outlaw was so good, we were even able to convince another person to switch his order, and he too was lovin' it!

Service here was nothing short of exceptional by Dusty and an older gentleman(possibly Dad?) To cap our lunch off, some Blue Bell Vanilla Ice Cream. Tasted like Homemade Vanilla Ice Milk, and a great ending to our first visit, and most definitely not our last. Looking forward to returning, and a UYE is in the works as well...Stay Tuned! From humble beginnings on Valley View and Russell, until now, you can see the passion in the food and the whole operation itself. I wish the guys at Rollin' Smoke Barbecue nothing but continued success...ALOHA!!!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(32/100) "SooooooWiiiiiiiiiiiiT Barbecue!!!"
HANG UP THE PHONE! I found this total hole in the wall on Yelp, and BOY Im glad I did!

Hubbys from Texas and cant find decent brisket here despite many a valiant effort. 

Until now. Heres the scoop:

This place is tucked behind a strip joint in the seedy area behind the mirage on highland drive.  

In fact, if you're squeamish about going to the hood, you may want to come at lunch time rather than dinner. 

If youre from out of town, dont expect much in the way of atmosphere. The decor is minimal. There are six tables total in the small front room, and maybe 6 or 8 inthe small side room.  . 

This place belongs on diners drive ins and dives for sure. 


Service was ok. At times we had to wait a few minutes for servers to emerge from the kitchen. However, When they werent cooking, they were polite & personable.

Despite all of this, the rating is five stars for the food alone. 

This food really is off the hook. 

1. Biggest beef ribs ive ever seen and thats not an exaggeration. 8oz of beef on each one at least. Sooo tender .& juicy, and the sauce was perfect

2. Best brisket in town, hands down. TENDER, MOIST, unlike at every other wannabe bbq place in town. 

3. The fried okra was the best ive had this side of the mississippi, OR north of the mason-dixon line. I dont like okra if its not perfectly cooked. This was. I was frankly shocked! 

4. Jalapeno coleslaw was very good if a bit hot!

5. Blackberry cobbler was pretty good. I enjoyed it. 

Portions are good sized & filling.

Note: Theres a soda machine tucked in an alcove thats hard to find. At first we thought all they had to drink was sweet tea with no ice lol

In short: if youre from the south and are craving authentic bbq, this place is worth the trip. Oh, and the prices are HALF that of lucilles bbq. Five stars!
Hit Rollin Smoke today for lunch.  

Location ain't the most convenient for me but i was at nearby Caesar's earlier throwing the dice, i came out on top so time for a treat.  As usual, I previously saw Nelson's review of the place and though i've never met the guy, i like how he food rolls so let's try da smoke ! 

A little concerned when i walk into the place - a lady in front of me was there to pick up a large phone order for the office she works in - apparently, the order was misplaced.  Props to the staff, they stepped up and got the order confirmed and my guess is it took them less than 10 minutes to get the order ready and they comped the sides !  good job !

The older guy that took my order is a good 'ol boy - not sure what part of the south he's from but given the Arkansas razorback banner, i'm guessing Arkansas.  Had to repeat my order several times and he had difficulty putting the order into the POS system ( and sadly, he still got the order wrong )

Ordered:

3 meat combo - pulled pork, links and brisket with a side of bacon potato salad ( also comes with a drink ) $13

 couple of Bones ( ribs ) - $ 2 each 

Side of mac and cheese and beans ( $2 each ) 

Outlaw Burger ( $7.99 ) - basically the kitchen sink burger 

two other groups came in after me - both groups got their food before me - a little irritated about this but the guys were apologetic and explained that the burger takes 15 minutes to cook since it's a one pounder, and since i like the overall vibe of this place, i can let it slide.  

Got the food, started driving home - yes, i ate everything but the burger while driving home - my shirt is soaking in the washer as we speak !

Caution - ASK FOR THE SAUCE ON THE SIDE ! Don't get me wrong, i loved the sauce but some may find the sauce to spicy or not spicy enough.  Plus, i like to taste the 'Q in it's "barren" state so i can admire the smoke ring, focus on the meaty, smoky flavor and then dip it into the sauce - just a personal preference.

Highlights - 

DA MEAT ! - loved it all !  I really liked that the pork had decent chunks of bark.  The ribs were great - surprised at size and yet tender.  The brisket had the perfect smoke ring and great flavor.  Minor "beef" ( get it ? )  - they sprinkled some chopped green onions on the ribs - NO ! 

Mac N Cheese - nice creamy cheese with a little spicy bite to it - wish it was baked with a crunchy top but it still tasted great

Low points - again, a little on the slow side but just a slight knock.  

The beans - several chunks of cartilage and grizzle but good flavor.

THEY FORGOT MY BACON POTATO SALAD.  WAHHHHHHHH ( major tears ) 

Pic of Burger included - i've yet to try it !  

I will return and hopefully i can give them a 5 star review
I love this place.  Its the best hole in the wall find that I have come across in a long time.  Its hard to get to and you literally have to know about it to eat there.  Thats the cool part.  I have had the pork ribs and then went back a week later for the beef ribs.  Both were awesome.  I am going to keeping taking my friends here.  These are the best ribs that I have had in town.  They also have a ground beef/brisket hamburger that I am dying to try.  This place has no thrills but incredible food.  Highly recommended for the food and adventure.
Best BBQ in Vegas. All of the choices are very good. My favorites are the ribs and brisket. I also love the location. I hope they put more tables outside when it warms up. I gave 4 stars because the sides are much too small. I would rather them up-charge and give you a lot more. You think large when you think BBQ.
Highland Dr and Industrial Rd are better known for their close proximity to the Las Vegas glittery night life, where even the least physically attractive individuals can lease the personal attention of barely clothed seductive sirens $20 at a time.  But thanks to Rollin' Smoke Barbeque, this same area will also be known for down to earth, simply delicious BBQ. 

On a recent weekday evening, a handful of coworkers decided to meet here post work to try some BBQ that Nelson Q has proudly put his 5 Yelp stars stamp of approval on. In typical fashion, I was the first to arrive.  The parking lot was empty except for 2 cars, all the other businesses were closed, and there was a guy in suits finishing his early dinner.

The restaurant itself is very low key. It housed nothing flashy in terms of decorations, except for a big boar's head mounted on one of the walls. The lobby/ordering counter is in a small room, but the main dining area is in the adjacent room. The seats are comfortable, and there is a TV for you to watch sports or highlights, while you wait for your order.

Most of us opted to try the Outlaw Burger. For $6.99 + tax, this burger is the size of two of my fists stacked on top of each other.  It is packed with a 1 lb patty (60% brisket and 40% ground beef) and cooks down to about 12 oz, served with Rollin' Smoke's homemade tangy BBQ sauce, the usual vegetable fixings and some (lettuce, tomato, fried onions, scallions, and cheese) which not only made it physically big but the flavors complimented each other and resulted in a mean serving of burger that I can easily recommend to anyone not opposed to eating pork and beef.  For $2, you get a drink and choice of one side (bacon potato salad would be a good pick), and make your order a combo.  Currently there is also a Yelp Check-In promotion, where you get a complimentary dessert with your order.

Rollin' Smoke BBQ, now my personal #1 one pound burger in LV.

Decor:  3/5  No frills hole in the wall restaurant. You are here because you want good BBQ, not design ideas for your Texas ranch.

Food:  4/5  Good BBQ made with passion and love.  They serve Blue Belle ice cream too (coworkers said it reminded them of the ice cream in the Philippines. I will take their words for it.)

Value:  4/5  Good for the wallet. I estimate that 65%+ of you will not be able to finish the Outlaw Burger, side + drink.

Location:  5/5  Not far at all if you are visiting the Strip.  The cabbies will probably know it too, if not, it is just down the street from Sapphire. 

Parking:  5/5  It is practically all for Rollin' Smoke BBQ customers.

Easily 4 stars!

P.S.  If you stop by during lunch, I heard this is where some of them sirens get their lunch/breakfast before/after work. So I've heard.
Honestly left that place feeling like I was part of the family. Dusty sold me on the place before I had even ordered my food. I have never experienced "Good Ol Southern Hospitality," but if its anything remotely similar to the way we were treated at Rollin Smoke Barbeque, I'm moving to Arkansas!! 

We ordered The Outlaw, The Piggy, and the Brisket Sandwich with Mac and Cheese, baked beans, and corn bread as our sides. All three of us left 100% satisfied with the service, food, restaurant, and everything. 20 min later and we're still talking about it. 

Dusty and John built that place from the ground up and if you treat um well, they'll return the favor. I'll definitely be stopping in again!!! No complaints here. 5/5
wow finally great barbeque in Las VEgas....
I BELIEVE!!! I BELIEVE!!! My first visit here, I was very impressed with their B.B.Q. My second visit, I was totally blown away!

I finally got the fellas at work to come here. I've been here before but did not have the honor to try their BRONTOSAURUS RIBS. The pictures left by some honorable Yelpers caught my gut. HOLY BAJAYZUZ!!! They are "DAMN GOOD!!!" The pictures of course do not do it justice. I get my combo. $13 well spent. This is all you really need if you're a beef rib connoisseur. They give you two Gangster Sized Ribs, a side (mine was the bacon potato salad), a slider bun, and a tasty cool beverage to wash it all down with on tap. The best DAMN BEEF RIBS I've ever had! They were freaken GIANORMOUS!!! Fall off the bone tender. I easily cut them off the bone and it looked like I had two big steaks. I cut off one nice slice and made a rib slider with the bun. I usually don't have trouble finishing my ribs, but these were like BRONTOSAURUS RIBS off of the Flintstones! FOR REALLY DOE!!!

Great service, great place to sit your phat @$$ to chow down, and AMAZING B.B.Q. Rollin Smoke B.B.Q. is blowing up. Keep up the great work guys!!! Will be back soon. I've been looking for a new go-to place for B.B.Q. I think I found my home.

EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
"HOW MUCH FOR JUST ONE RIB?"

Actually if Chris Rock only ordered one beef rib here, that would be all he needs. I made the mistake of ordering a beef rib on the side because I thought the dual meat combo of beef brisket and pulled pork was not gonna be enough because I was really hungry. The beef rib itself  does not look like it came from a cow because if it did, the cow would have been as big as an elephant!

As you can tell, the beef rib stole the show. So lets break down my other choices.

First of all, those two black smokers you see outside are legit and im not talkin about Snoop Dogg and Dr Dre. They use hickory wood to smoke all their meats and it aint no joke! Their smoke flavoring is just one of their key ingredients that makes their barbeque so good. 

The dual meat combo of beef brisket and pulled pork smothered with their signature barbeque sauce will definitely get your salivary glands working overtime. The brisket has just the right amount of smoke flavoring and if the pulled pork was any more tender, Elvis himself wouldnt be any more proud singing "Love Me Tender".

As much as I would of loved to try all their barbeque being the carnivore that I am, that only warrants another trip or three to accomplish that. I would also like to mention their sides. I chose the bacon potato salad, but if you ask me, I think you cant go wrong with any of them. Just recently, they added fried okra and corn to their menu.

As for the desserts, assuming that the button on your pants has not busted off already, the peach cobbler is literally the icing on the cake not to mention the banana pudding.

Some random info: Yes they take cards. Yes they have sweet and unsweetened tea. Yes they have a decent amount of room with enough tables and chairs. Lastly but most importantly, their service is very remarkable (no surprise because they have the southern hospitality demeanor).

Oh, and one last thing. The area they are in is kind of suspect. Im not trying to scare you guys or anything, but the street they are on is dominated by strip clubs. Dont worry though, these guys are not open late so I dont see any problems, unless you are into strippers. LOL.
Two associates and I tried this BBQ joint because of all the good reviews posted here.  I guess I should have tried the beef ribs because the brisket I had was overcooked, dry and tough, the pulled pork wasn't tender enough, and you can't order baby back ribs with the combos, only St. Louis.  I had a couple of those and they were OK, just extra fatty.  Overall, I was disappointed because I'm a BBQ aficionado due to my multiple trips to Texas every year. 

 I like BBQ so much I bought a Texas-style smoker with a side firebox and spent a few years perfecting my 'Q smoking skills.  I can do a brisket and pulled pork that are miles ahead of what we got here and my baby backs are killer.  I don't know, maybe it was too late in the day, we got there about 7 PM and despite what it says in the listing, they close at 8 on weekdays.  The pit master, who seems to be a very nice guy and is very friendly, brought a bunch of briskets in that had just come out of the smoker and maybe we got the tail end of the last batch.  Even if that was the case however; what we got shouldn't have been served in my opinion, it was that bad.
Still searching for that "BEST" bbq joint. I think i've come to the conclusion im just not a big BBQ guy. For what it is though, Rollin Smoke BBQ was good
Yes Virginia, there is a barbeque place in Vegas!

I kept reading reviews on this place and finally got out there to try it. I escaped work for a bit and hit it for lunch. I lived in NC for several years and really missed having great barbeque. This has filled the void.

First the meat, I had pulled pork sandwich and my husband had two meat option, pulled pork and brisket. They were both awesome! Cooked nicely on the smokers outside, just enough sauce, not too much, perfect smokey flavor.  Next time I will try the links.

The sides were terrific too. So many places seem to haves sides as an after thought but not here. I had jalapeno coleslaw. It had a nice kick, not too much mayo, super flavorful. Husband had the beans. So good with extra chunks of meat and a smokey flavor. We were both stuffed at the end. All very affordable too! Two meat special, two sides, sandwich combo including drinks for both just $22.

With the great weather I wish they had more tables outside. I could lounge out there and smell the smokers all afternoon. I also wish they could sell beer since that pairs so nicely with barbeque. But that great meat trumps those issues. 

I've been to the other places in town and this one blows them away. We will be back soon!
I could swear I wrote a review about this place a month and a half ago, but it seems Yelp ate it or something.

Anyway, I've been here a few times now (twice today, for some reason!) and the food and service are always top notch. This place puts the other BBQ places in town like Memphis Championship and Famous Dave's (Famous Who?, now) to shame. Their sweet tea is the bomb!

John even convinced me to eat something different tonight, because I always get the same thing otherwise, so I tried their Outlaw Burger. I think Wilford Brimley wants to have a word with me about Diabeetus or something now, because I ate way too much. Enjoyed every bite, though!

Good luck to the Yelpers participating in the rib eating contest tomorrow!
(B)est BBQ in town IMHO...
(E)veryday they are open EXCEPT SUNDAYS!!!
(S)mokey goodness in every bite
(T)hree huge smokers are outside "where all the magic happens"

(B)eef ribs are HUMANGOUS!!!(very tasty too!)
(B)lue Bell Vanilla Ice Cream is a perfect ending to your meal
(Q) done up in the true Arkansas fashion by John, Dusty, and Tim

(I) have turned Yelpers and co-workers into fans ever since my first visit
(N)ow remember to use your Yelp Check-in for a free dessert!....:9

(T)-Shirts are available for purchase here
(H)uge portions are served here..great bang for your buck
(E)xcellent sides to go perfectly with your BBQ

(7) bucks for the Outlaw??? That's a deal!
(0) meat left on the bones when you order any of their ribs
(2) bites aren't enough to tackle the Outlaw...Try it! Betcha can't finish!!!

(!)!!!ALOHA!!!

UYE-"Steppin' Out": Finger Lickin' Feast and Rib Throwdown!

Come out and cheer on the competitors and feast on some BBQ and Blue Bell action!

The fun starts at 7pm.....BE THERE!!!


YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(44/100) "True Southern Q with Nelson Q."
If I could give 10 stars I would. This place makes me sad for one reason... we don't have a place like this in LA. Not only is the food EXCELLENT, but the owner and everyone there is so friendly! You can really taste the pride and attention they give to make your meal.
Food was excellent and the owner was very friendly.
Every day im hustlin...for some lip smackin good bbq!!

So glad I found this place thanks to good 'ol trusty yelp here. Was craving some bbq late sat. night and saw that this places closes at 1:30am! Hollah! Its off of South Highland and if you're like me, I discerned the location to be close to Spearmint Rhino. When we got there looked a lil sketchy on the outside but saw that they had these huge smokers out in the parking lot. Walked in, the lady was really nice suggested some things. I got the ribs, 2 BIG A$$ ribs and a side of fried okra. THE BEST RIBS I'VE EVER HAD. Thats it. you can stop reading and go getchur grub on. I've never had ribs that meaty and juicy before and even the fried okra was fried to perfection. And it was all for $13!! please don't raise your prices Rollin Smoke! Apparently there was a rib eating contest that same day, bummed I missed it! So thankful to have found some southern bbq here in the city. No longer going to Famous Dave's!
If I ever decide to give up having a meaningful physical relationship with another human being, I will buy a booth in this place and proceed to eat BBQ and "the fixins" for the rest of my days.  Until that time, I try to keep my visits here to a couple a month.  Given how good the food is, that has proven difficult.

Two weeks ago, I took some co-workers here and one of them ordered the fried shrimp.  I know!  Stupid, right?  WRONG!  Because she eats like a bird, she gave each of us a piece and dang!  That was some amazing fried shrimp.  The batter has a lot of spices and is similar to the cornmeal batter used for catfish.  So good.  The regulars in our group agreed that the fried shrimp is our next order.  

Lately, I've noticed that business is really picking up.  Glad to see it, but I considered keeping my mouth shut about this place from now on.  My duties as a Yelper won out in the end.  I go to lunch pretty early, so my current mission is to make it here when the greens are ready (these take a hot minute to cook right), because there's really not much I love more than good greens.  If my meaningful physical relationship with another human being does not work out, I may marry The Pulled Piggy with a side of kickin beans.
These guys are from Arkansas and boy do the know their BBQ. You just don't find BBQ like this in this town! Loved the baked beans. Will defiantly be back. I have eaten here many times, and had them cater a party. I love their ribs. I don't know where they find ribs with so much meat on the bones but they are fantastic.
Came here to try it out with my co-workers. I ordered The Trio plate with bacon potato salad as my side. Best $15 I spent!!!! The meat was so tender and soaked up all the BBQ sauce. Nothing was dry and everything was an orgasm in my mouth! Finger licking good! I will definitely be coming back!!!!
My wife and I just moved back to Vegas and discovered Rollin Smoke last night.  We are stoked that Vegas has a real BBQ joint.  It made me want to cry...  My wife gave it the Texas approval too.
You won't find a better BBQ place anywhere near this gem! Great, tasty food for a good price! The staff is friendly and knows what they are doing when it comes to BBQ! Stopping here whenever I'm in Vegas for sure!
All you need to know:

Peach cobbler is so good, it'll make u slap ur momma!

Brisket is moist, juicy and melts in your mouth.

Fried Okra is the best in town hands down.

Catfish is properly seasoned, crispy on the outside and juicy and flaky on the inside.

So we walked in on a Saturday night at around 11 or so and we were the only ones in there. So I will admit, I wasn't sure if the reviews were going to be right. I mean if this place was going to be as good as everyone said, then why isn't this place packed?

But we sat down and the guy was friendly and down home. I love a southern gentleman, they win me over every time. He told me that they were out of the beef ribs but if I wanted to wait 45 minutes that they would be ready. So I didn't want to wait 45 minutes and went with a meat platter. I got the brisket and st Louis ribs and hot links. Already told you about the brisket, the ribs I enjoyed too. They were tender and smokey and very flavorful. If I am being honest, then I would probably pass on the hot link. I think they were just bbq'ed too long for me. 

So we got dessert with our yelp check in and I wasn't too sure that they would taste so good based on their appearance. We ordered banana pudding and peach cobbler. I would alone come for the peach cobbler but again, if I am being honest I would pass on the banana pudding.

I love BBQ. It is just always so hard to find a good decent eats for BBQ in this town. But the quest for me has ended here. I rave about this place to everyone. 

The BBQ sauce here is amazing too. Sweet and Spicy. I tried to see if they bottled it and sold it but they don't. So instead they gave me a to go container for free.

I can't wait to come back.
Here's the rundown regarding Rollin Smoke BBQ;

1.  Huge, I mean gigantic portions.  See pictures for yourself
2.  No one can compete with their prices when it comes to BBQ.
3.  Hole in the wall type restaurant, my favorite type 
4.  Great service
5.  Conveniently located near my favorite type of clubs.  Joking...I think. 

When I first met Heather H, the first thing that came out of her mouth wasn't "Hi, nice to meet you".  It was "have you been to Rollin Smoke?, You have to go there ASAP".  Actually, she did say "hi", but Rollin Smoke stuck in my head.  If you don't know Heather H, she's a well respected Yelper in the Las Vegas community.  And if Heather and her boyfriend love the food here, then it must be pretty damn good.  Read the reviews, rarely any complaints from anyone about Rollin Smoke. 

When I found out that we were having dinner at Rollin Smoke one Friday evening, guess who I reached out to?  Heather H of course.  I thought it was funny that while she responded to my questions, she was also on her way to Rollin Smoke for lunch.   She's a die hard for sure.  As for her suggestions, she suggested something she never had and the rest of the menu. I guess this means a Win Win situation for me. 

My Meal:
Chicken and Ribs Combo:  Read this closely.  Don't look at prices because it's deceiving. The portions are huge!!! Portions are so big, that I only was able to finish half my chicken and one rib.  I loved the chicken BBQ. It's cooked perfectly, chicken still tender (not dry), and the flavors poured out of it with every bite. As for the ribs, I only had one and thought it was just okay. I hate to admit that I've had better ribs elsewhere. But for the price, it was a great deal. 

Their mac and cheese is a must eat as well as their corn bread on steroids.  I finished the mac n cheese, but could only muster half my corn bread.  Both had a little kick to it.  Yes, even the corn bread had a kick to it. 

Service was pretty good too.  You need to order at the counter and the food is served to you.  Like most BBQ places, the food does take a little time to cook so be patient and enjoy your company. 

I ate a lot, Terri R ate a lot, and Chad S ate a lot. I guess that equals to all of us eating a lot.  $40 for 3 people to eat on a Friday night is not bad at all.  It's such a bargain here that you'll even be left with a few bills to hit the nearby clubs and make it rain.  

Chicken and Ribs Combo (Rib Portion):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#JzVJa44kXIqmrTwzsB0Vog

Chicken and Ribs Combo (Chicken Portion w/their Mac N Cheese):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#eBYim1tMqbyjwCSu_KomSA

Corn Bread:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#KCz1AngCp_JfBfBADzCf_A
Got call from leader of asian persuasion pack Terri R about trying someplace new out and ALWAYS stay down for trying new spots in town. More so ones that fellow yelpers rave about. Not sure the last time had some good old fashion ribs. So excited too get down and dirty. Talk about epitome of Hole in the Wall. Industrial Rd not exactly the prettiest road in Vegas but great for gentlemen clubs. Anyway so for second thinking going too one only too pass it and then once did get too Rollin Smoke Barbeque look down the street shocker another one. Once you do get here the smell from the pits literally parked right outside in the parking lot (I have no idea when they start but assume in the morning) and them ribs block out everything. I think Hole in Wall places have so much personality and character ALL its own. 

Once get inside the menu is fairly small but they do have chalkboard with their daily specials. You go up too the cashier too order then they bring the food out too you. You sit wherever you like or have room. They have two room adjacent too one another and other room talk about personality on the walls with the art. How can you not love the boars head or pig head looking over the restaurant from one corner? They do still T-shirts that like the logo but next time go get one of kind T-shirt. 

I decided too get The Trio plate. What better way too try little of everything or get my meat in. They out of the hot link so got double order of the pork. My sides went with the mac and cheese. I also ordered side of The Kickin Baked Bean. The pork was excellent! I could easily see myself tearing up pull pork sandwich. Guess is one of there more popular items. The ribs were solid little bit different style then the ones more use too but still solid. Wish could tell you about the hot links but save that for another review. The sides the mac and cheese was really good. It not cheesy cheesy but not runny also so had nice balance. The Kickin Baked Beans now that am FAN. I enjoyed the pieces of pork or beef that in it. I really did have nice little kick spice level too them. Even though it small menu fell like lot more thing for me too try.

The prices talk about reasonable priced! Compare too some of the other franchise places this place is a steal. You get so much more personality and one of kind experience. Under $20 you can fill yourself up with any combination and still have enough for desserts. The service is awesome! Small business owners that sense the personnel touch all around. It small place so just make sure you beat the crowd cause the place can fill out quick. If never been Rollin Smoke Barbeque someplace check out or fill like mixing up one night. 

Thanks my partners Mel C and Terri R!!! You guys rock!!
As a foodie who grew up in Kansas City, my great frustration with the Las Vegas food scene for many years was the absence of authentic wood-smoked barbecue.  The dirty little secret of the BBQ business is that a lot of it isn't smoked, but just baked in a regular oven.  Oven-baking is a zillion times easier - no fire to tend, no smoke burning your eyes - but it lacks the delicious smokeyness that BBQ fanatics live for.  You will never see a wisp of smoke coming out of Famous Dave's, Lucille's, or Memphis Championship.  But if you drive up to Rollin' Smoke, you'll see the smokers billowing away right in their parking lot.  Rollin' Smoke, Top Notch (both relatively new) and Annie's Kitchen (open for a while now, but not in the best neighborhood) are the only three BBQ joints in Las Vegas where they actually smoke the meat.  And believe me, once you've tasted the difference, you'll never go to the oven-baked frauds again.

For BBQ lovers who must know:  hickory is the wood of choice at Rollin' Smoke, the dry rub is fairly mild, and their sauce is closest to the sweet Memphis variety.  If you're not that concerned with the fine-print details, suffice it to say that Rollin' Smoke is exactly what barbecue should be:  smokey, meaty, and falling-off-the-bone tender.  If you're looking for a LOT of meat for a terrific price, go with the St. Louis ribs, the $12 half rack feeds two normal adults or one BBQ glutton.  The $20 full rack should easily feed a family of four; the size of the rack is straight out of The Flintstones.  While most people prefer babybacks because of their tenderness, my problem with babybacks is that there just isn't enough meat on them.  My eyes popped when I saw the babybacks at Rollin' Smoke because I've never seen babybacks anywhere (well OK, not in Kansas City, Memphis or Texas - 3 of the 4 "capitals" of BBQ) with so much meat on the bones - all the tenderness of babybacks but twice as much meat.

There are plenty of other great items on the menu.  The pulled pork and beef brisket are both winners.  For lovers of Texas-style, they even offer beef ribs, done to perfection (beef ribs are a lot trickier than the pork kind).  My favorite side dish is the bacon potato salad.  The mac & cheese is great too.  One side to avoid is the yams, which I thought were blechy.  True to the owner's roots, two Southern classics are available for dessert:  banana pudding and peach cobbler.  They also serve up a blackberry cobbler which is pretty good (even though I don't like blackberries).  Two caveats before you eat here: 1) be very specific about what you're ordering, because mixups can happen; and 2) order less than you think you can eat, because the portions are huge.  If you're looking for food late on a Fri or Sat night, Rollin' Smoke is open until 1:30 a.m. - a far better option than the overpriced mediocrity of casino coffeeshops.

The typical BBQ joint is formica tables and white plaster walls, bare except for a few pictures of the owner posing with whatever celebrities have eaten there.  Rollin' Smoke is a bit nicer than most because it took over its space from a failed restauranteur whose background was interior design, not food.  But forget the interior, all you need for ambience is a view of those beautiful billowing smokers in the parking lot.
Another post Caesar's craps session visit to Rollin' Smoke.  Arrived around 1 pm and the place was still hoppin' with the lunch crowd.

Ordered totally off special menu:

Smoked meatball sub with side ( went with mac n cheese) and drink ( $9)

Slider trio with side( picked cole slaw) - meats were pulled pork, sausage and chicken ($11 ?? ) 

Rib combo - beef, st louis and baby included ( $16)

we've yet to try the ribs since the other food filled us up !

The meatball sammie was actually 3 sliders - each had cheese and a decent sized, dense meatball drowning in a very spicy sauce - loved it ! 

The trio sliders - also spiked with the spicy bbq sauce - loved the pulled pork and the sausage - would've preferred brisket for the 3rd slider ( probably could've had if i asked ) - large pile of meat on each slider;  smoky goodness - all good !

As usual, the sides complimented the meat perfectly.

I've kicked my rating up a star since they've maintained the quantity/quality of the meat AND the service was excellent.

Oh yes, I'll be back !!

pics included
Once again, I've found a 5 star BBQ that is not even 500 miles from home... nor anywhere close to the south?! *sigh

This place fires on every cylinder!  From the main meats down to the sides.  I mean, I wish I could in some sense describe my experience here so that it even comes close to the actual event.... 

I ordered a rib basket, and for $14.99 I got a beef rib, pork ribs, and a half rack baby back rib.  Now that may not sound like much, but the ribs are HUGE.  The beef rib was the largest I've ever seen.  The meat was tender, juicy, and just shaved off the bone with my plastic fork.  The pork ribs were good, more dense as it should be but still juicy, flavorful meat.  And I can tell you I've never had a baby back rib that even came close to this baby back rib.  

Onto the sides.  I've never had a jalapeno slaw that came close to this one, a fantastic blend of spice and sweet, not soppy wet and not dry either.  Mash potatoes with melted cheddar and chives!  Holy crap.  The potato salad was fantastic.  Now I have one rule about BBQ is that I ALWAYS have room for the banana pudding.  I'm sorry to say I broke my rule, so I am not going to be able to inform on the banana pudding.

On my next trip to Vegas, you better believe this will be on my list to return to.  Maybe twice :)  And this says something, because the BBQ place is not a walk from the strip, it's a definite taxi ride, but if you are a fan of the show, Counts Kustoms is a little less than a mile walking distance from this place, up the same road so you may kill two birds with one stone.
Thank you to all the Yelpers who gave this place a good review! 
We went on the weekend and it was Great! Great food, great specials and most importantly Greatfriendly customer service! We are most def coming back here the next time we are in Vegas!!!
The good: very good smokey taste, lots of meat, place was nice looking. 
The OK: barbecue sauce wasn't the best, a little too spicy.
The bad: wished ordering was easier and faster.
The weird: what's up with the soda machine in the tiny room?
The funny: the cook delivering the food.
Ok I am at Rollin Smoke right now and I can tell you for sure this is one of the best places for bbq in vegas! Oh my goodness its so good! Ordered the beef short ribs (not short at all, almost a lbs of meat), loaded mashed potatoes and mac & cheese. Every single dish is phenomenal and the ribs are something special. The meat literally falls off the bone and is incredibly tender. The bbq sauce is just spicy enough and has perfect flavor. Love the atmosphere, just off the strip a little joint not hard to find. Great place 100% recommended!!!
Just stopped by and had the Trio plate with some St. Louis and Babyback ribs to sample as well.... OMG... It was tender and delicious and you could taste just enough of the nice smoke. Brisket had beautiful smoke ring in it, the pulled pork and hot link were incredible and the ribs were great. While my friend enjoyed the babybacks more, I am a little torn as the meaty St. Louis ribs I got were incredible. Tough choice, i think the best to do is get both like I did. Haven't had the bbq chicken yet, but I will be back to try some and I will be sure to sing your praise to people looking for good bbq. I think halfway through my meal I realized i had stopped using my fork long ago and was fingers covered with delicious bbq sauce and goodness. Keep up what you are doing and I will be sure to be back!
200th review!  And yes, it is a worthy one!

First of all, this is a true hole in the wall place...I would have never tried it if it wasn't for Yelp, and I would have barely found it if they didn't have the BBQ grilles parked out front!

Start off with the food....the Pulled Pork sandwich is truly amazing  :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#3VPTArn4TCy4jDYzeSJbyw

Beautiful char carmelization on the outside...tender juicy goodness on the insides....and the tangy BBQ sauce sets it off!  Not spicy, but it has that flavor depth that is needed for an interesting (but not overpowering) BBQ sauce.  It is easily the best pulled pork sandwich I have had, but it is actually one of my most favorite ways I have consumed the pork beast himself.

For the side, I asked what was most recommended.  I was told to try the mac and cheese :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#uGQtCaucN0VVUbvSjXBlkQ

It was good!  Lots of spices in here...not spicy, but with more depth and distinguishing tastes put into the food here than a normal mac and cheese at most other places.  I can feel the love :P

Yelp check-in merited a free dessert...I was recommended the Peach Cobbler (pictured with the sandwich).  It came out piping hot, gooey and tasty....just wish I had some crust in there like the one I love so much at Wing King.  But besides being crustless, this was an excellent rendition.

I will say that there was a miscommunication at order though, and my side also never came out with my food until I reminded them it was missing.  I was strongly considering dropping my 5 to a 4 star, but the food and prices are so good, that I feel guilty holding it against them.  If the order was taken correctly the first time, I doubt I would have had anything to complain about...again, just a miscommunication.

I'll be back!
OMG - this place blows away the Phillips and other ethnic BBQ joints!  

Perfect bite, smoke, and 100% guaranteed to fill you up!

Beef rib was awesome.
Pork baby back ribs perfect.
Chicken was juicy and yummy!
BBQ sauce was just perfectly executed!
Gotta try all their sides - worth every penny.

Owner was very nice and bought us some extras when we mentioned we found them thru Yelp!

Must go to - get away from the casino buffets!
The good: fall of the none delicious BBQ , nice flavor, great spice if u enjoy spice , Mac and cheese is cheesy goodness , chicken is juicy and so flavorful ,and  ribs are the best in town beats buzz hands down .                                                         The Bad: Sauce is way too spicy for kids , Mac and cheese is too spicy ,and  brisket was alright nothing to write about. Ordering is confusing and wasn't sure if u seat yourself or wait to be seated , small location , and not a fan of the location                   Tips: if u don't like spicy food u will not enjoy this , limited items for kids to consume , and they are closed Sunday
BBQ Heaven....Wow....i am glad I stop by to have some bbq and it was very tasty and tender...parking was easy and the service was great...and the bbq was very tasty and juicy...oh yea and the bbq was very tasty and smoky goodness...

Can't miss this place with the huge pits out front....with delicious smoke coming out of them.....
Best barbecue in Vegas! These guys do it right. Very Friendly and Awesome food.
If you want plain and simple good old fashioned barbecue, this is the place to go. If you are looking for a fancy restaurant with candlelight and flowers all over the tables, wrong place! This locale is for people "who know what barbecue is really about." If you have visited the South or lived there, you know exactly what I'm talking about!

The portions are very generous, so pace yourself and if you order their southern style fries, you will need a few orders because they are made fresh and are just delicious!! Spicy and crunchy. Would definitely go back, but make sure you invite people who appreciate smoked meat so they won't complaint about the appearances of the locale. :)
Simply delicious, the ribs were super tender and the brisket was out of this world. Friendly staff, and the food was out in no time.
Burger was awesome.. can't wait to go back and try the brisket
Everything was absolutely delicious here. The prices were reasonable for the amount of food you get as well.

Loved that they made meatloaf out of their brisket!
Right in the curve go too fast and you'll miss it....you order first and they bring it to you....ok I had the bbq sundae omg it was great all the wonderful flavors just melted in my mouth....it comes in about a 24 oz cup clear so you can see the layers I chose brisket add my meat oh my my....bottom is potatoe salad it had jalapenos and u think bacon then beans with links then brisket then top it all off with coleslaw can't beat that for $8. My bf food was a little cold so free banana pudding!!!
A MUST go to!! The portions are HUGE, prices are dirt cheap!! Have tried several different menu items there, ALL A+!! The chocolate thunder dessert with almond crust is impeccable! Every item smoked there on the property . Have never had any better here in Las Vegas. It is a well kept secret that many others need to discover. One visit and you are hooked to return!
This place is LEGIT! It does BBQ for real and conveniently located off the Strip. Pulled pork sandwich and rib plate was yummy. Don't expect the glam scene//// but will get great customer service and the food.
The ribs were over cooked and dried out, and the sweet potatoes and mac & cheese were bland. But worst of all, the place simply wasn't clean. We did like the sweet tea and baked beans, and the servers were friendly enough, but that doesn't make up for the dirty floors and soiled table clothes.
Good as it gets BBQ with excellent sides - served by friendly staff who get it out to you promptly. Ambiance is only cause for concern, but who cares when the food is so good! Odds are you will become a regular customer!
IT AIN'T LOVE BUT IT AIN'T BAD!

First the disclaimer: I am from Texas and believe as fervently as any fanatic that the world's finest BBQ is produced in Central Texas and the sauce should always be served on the side. That said, I am not in Central Texas now and Rollin Smoke is real BBQ for sure.

I have eaten here three times and was satisfied every time, The pork shoulder is mighty fine, brisket real good too, however the ribs have been a little dry both times I ordered them. Maybe I just played unlucky and ordered them at the wrong time. I like their sauce quite a lot, it's tart, not too thick and spicy enough that one is not tempted to overdo it.

I called at 8:40 PM last night, although they were closed Chef Tim was gracious enough to let me pick up 2 lbs, of sliced brisket after hours. The brisket was excellent, juicy with a very dark crust and just enough fat. Had just received a selection of sauces from Franklin BBQ in Austin,TX; favorite of Texas cult BBQ and uber hip Austinites, wanted to do a taste test immediately.

I cannot believe that I drove by this place for 6 months before I stopped, such is the sad state of BBQ (and Mexican Food) in Las Vegas. I expect to be disappointed so I postpone it as long as possible. My advice is don't wait another day, go now.
After reading Misti's review we couldn't wait to try Rollin Smoke! The waif of smoky goodness starts to hit about a 1/4 mile from the parking lot, which btw looks pretty barren, except for the sign that mentions YELP and you know you are in the right place.

Simple, reasonable and downright southern style bbq, all was awesome. Staff was super friendly and educated us newbies. Had the sampler of pork, hot link and brisket.... mmmm mmmm good. The jalapeno chipolte laced slaw as well as the hot link sausage were great and packed some substantial heat. Hubby has the rib sampler plate and couldn't finish it was so loaded. 

Just an old fashioned joint, order, come as you are and sit yourself down place to eat some great Q.
For LV this is a 4 star joint, as for the midwest, east coast, and south this is a 3 1/2 star. To become a 4 star elswhere I need a little more flavor and moist ribs. As a previous reviewer stated the pork ribs were a little dry. great beans, warning to light hearted these are spicy with a touch of jalapena, beef rib is moist tender and meaty. Ribs have just the right amount of mesq/hick smoke. Rib portions are proper, can stand alone w/o sauce, and well priced (avg $2.00 per bone). Not a fan of the potato salad to much mayo, not enough sugar and mustard. Bacon added to the potato salad is alright. If the ribs were taken off the grill 10mins earlier and just a little extra rub added before and after cooking, I would rate 5 stars LV and everwhere else. This place is a gem, lets see what happens.
Solid barbeque establishment that is worth trying out.

The brisket and pulled pork are decent but when at the Rollin Smoke Barbeque you will definitely want to order their ribs.

Their pork baby back ribs has an excellent smoky flavor to it and the meat is very tender. It isn't quite fall off the bone but nonetheless it is very tasty. The prices aren't too bad either and the quality of the food puts it above Famous Dave's.
The baked bean sides is about average but the macaroni and cheese is quite creamy and smooth. The noodles they use for it is different and the cheese isn't as sharp. It's more of a mellow flavor. The macaroni and cheese isn't bad, it is simply different.

The portions unfortunately aren't large for a two meat combo.

The service here is excellent with a friendly staff that is attentive and kind.
The decor here also is neat as it represents the hole-in-the-wall kind of grimy joint.

I would eat here again.
Heard about this place in Vegas Seven, and had to try it. I'm so glad I did!

I went with my boyfriend and he got the pulled pork sandwich with the bacon potato salad. I got the 2 plate combo with brisket and pulled pork, and yams as the side. We got a free dessert for checking in and got the banana pudding. It was awesome! 

Everything was delicious! Best BBQ I've had in Vegas. Service is great too. We talked to the chef for a little while we ate and he was really friendly. We'll be back :)
A delicious BBQ place, the portion is definitely worth the price. We had the trio plate which came with 3 choices of meat, 1 side, and a drink for $13. We chose the brisket, pork, and pork ribs. It came smothered in their BBQ sauce, which is slightly tangy and spicy. The pork ribs is the best out of the three...moist and tender; the meat literally falls off the bone. The brisket was a bit dry and the pulled pork was ok, just cover them in BBQ sauce and it'll be fine. 

As for the sides, the mac and cheese was super cheesy, and the coleslaw has a spicy kick to it. The coleslaw helps give a taste variety to the richness of the meats. Definitely worth coming back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Usually when I'm rollin' and smokin' somethin'...it ain't food. This place is worth rollin' into cause the food is smokin' good. The dudes that runs this place are extremely personable-servin' some heapin' helpings of hospitality along with their scrumptious offerings. Most everything I have had here is excellent. The highlight, as mentioned before is the Outlaw Burger, that thing hits the bull's-eye! I am especially fond of their jalapeo slaw, a wonderful kick to that stuff. The potato salad is not one of my faves, a little too bland for me, but that said, it still has this delightful subtle flavor that I can see lots of folks digging, and honestly I would order it again. Great bark on the meats. The sauce at the tables...should you feel the need...offers a complex mix of flavors with a welcomed spicy kick. Most of the sides are prepared in house. One employee told me the fried okra is frozen, but I (and one of my friends) seriously thought it tasted fresh. They must have found a great supplier. This interior is not divey at all, though for some, the location is. Fresh brewed regular and sweet tea. Two separate dining areas with 2 different vibes. Holy smoke, Rollin' Smoke ain't no joke, I felt high driving home and didn't even toke.
Wow 3 smokers in the parking lot. Hard to add any more Kudos to previous reviews. Arrived  around 12 noon and lunch was in full swing. There were 4 people ahead of us in the order line. Had to wait a little while as only one person was taking orders. (Not a complaint just a comment)  The order taker was friendly and conscientious. He would repeat the order back to you after entering it into the system.The entire time we were there the order line never had fewer than 3 people. 
Food is delivered to the table by calling out your name to determine where you were seated. The tables that were mentioned in another review have been replaced with ones that have clean stainless steel tops.

The following items were all excellent with the right amount of smoke.
Pulled Pork, juicy with just the right amount of sauce.
Sliced Brisket was fork tender. 
Ribs perfect fall of the bone.
Several delicious sides. Jalapeno cole slaw, pinto beans.
Sorry no room for dessert. Maybe next time

These folks are doing some fine BBQ. They could be serious contenders at Memphis in May if they choose to compete. 
Keep on Smokin!!
The best buffet in Vegas is not on the strip. The best buffet in vegas lies a bit off the strip at Rollin Smoke Barbeque. 
The BBQ buffet at Rollin Smokes is only a mere $18.95 for all you can eat meat AND sides:
St Louis Ribs (Cooked perfectly and ultra meaty)
Pulled Pork (Oh so tender)
Barbeque Chicken (Juicaaaay)
Sausage (smoked to perfection)

There was more, but in Vegas nothing is ever a certainty. The walnut candied yams were my favorite sides, and the others are all worth a bite or 50. BBQ in Vegas has arrived and it most definitely is not on the strip.
Family owned place, great customer service and even better food. I ordered the outlaw burger and my friend had the biggin. We both finished them quick since they were so good and we had our peach and blueberry cobblers waiting (a la mode of course). The cobbler was absolutely delicious, the bluebell ice cream really completed this meal. I wouldn't change a thing about this place. I'll travel from Henderson any day for this kind of service and food.
Okay, so my son and I went to RS last Friday night. He got the Biggin' and I got the 4 Rib plate. And that where things got crazy..........

It's been 5 days and I am still struggling to figure out where to go with this review. Some of what happened was 5 stars and more. Some of what happened was 1 star and less. So I will keep it simple; my son's Biggin' was incredible! My 4 rib combo was okay. I would have liked more flavor, both smoke flavor and seasoning flavor. The service was a mix of being both incredibly entertaining and incredibly bad.

Bottom line; although our visit didn't go as well as i would have hoped, when all was said and done they did their best to make things right. It's a great little "mom and pop" Q joint that is feeling the blessing/curse of yelp and LV weekly notoriety. I have no doubt they will pull through and I have no doubt I will be back.
Great BBQ at great prices. The smokers in the parking lot have fill up about a 1/4 mile radius with delicious smelling smoke that is a "DEAD GIVEAWAY" that it's rib time (had to make a Charles Ramsey reference on a rib review)....I wanted to try this place for a while but never found myself in the area around lunchtime (or anytime, for that matter) so we finally made a special trip from the office over to Rollin' Smoke and I'm going to be sure I'm in the area a lot more frequently now. It's a hole in the wall, which is how it should be when housing some BBQ. I got the trio, in fact we all got the trio, which is choice of 3 meats and 1 side for just 13 bucks! I got pork, brisket, and ribs with green beans and it was all delicious. Their BBQ sauce is smokey and peppery and not too sweet, just how I like it. I'm telling you, you won't find a better deal on BBQ than at Rollin Smoke, and they do it right.
This place seems to be a hole in the wall, stuffed off of highland drive and in mixed used businesses.  I didn't know what I was expecting, I had seen some reviews and the pictures looked mouth watering, so when we arrived, I was still a bit unsure.  But once I walked in side and was greeted with a friendly southern howdy, and smelled the sweet scents coming from the kitchen, all my reservations left me!

I took a good look at the menu and decided I'd try the beef brisket sandwich and a side of the bacon potato salad.  The brisket was lean, moist, very smokey and I loved it.  The side, bacon potato salad, I love bacon, but not a fan.  I don't usually go for the potato salad anyway, but the bacon made me want to try, but I didn't love it!

Overall, a great addition to the BBQ scene for Las Vegas, will be one to come back too!
OMG!  I am originally from Texas and miss very much the ability to get BBQ on every street corner.  This BBQ is as good as I am used to back home. 

I had the pulled pork sandwich (tender as butter), the baked beans (spicy with huge chunks of meat), and the cornbread (incredible, not the least bit grainy with the perfect amount of sweet butter). The prices were reasonable, and the smells when I walked up were enough to work me into a feeding frenzy while I waited on my meal.

The service was friendly, and a bit disorganized, but in a very charming way.  You can tell that everyone there was very concerned that every guest was happy.  The location isn't the greatest, but any true BBQ lover will not let that get in the way of the only true southern cooking I've had in the 8 years I have lived here.

I am very excited to try more items on their menu.  I can't wait to go back.  Thank you for easing some of my homesickness.
First time we have ever been here.  Saw it on a tv show or something...never the less, we  don't have really anything in the way of a decent bbq place in Rancho.  We turned the corner about a two blocks from the place and could smell the smoker driving with the windows down.  We really didn't need any other directions at that point.  This truley is a "dive" in the best way possible.  The smokers are right out front.  They don't hide in the back of the business.  They're right out there for all to see.  This is the best "real" BBQ my wife and I have had....ever.  We had the St. Louis Ribs special and the Pulled Piggy sandwich.  The ribs were not just "fall off the bone", the bone was falling off the bone.  Now that's tender.  Great smoke penetration on the ribs as well.  I could taste it in every bite.  The potato salad - so so.  Cornbread - really good.  Pulled pork was tender and delicious even without much sauce.  Just the right amount of bark on it as well.  Homemade sauce bottle on the table.  Even better.  This was also the first time I have bought a t-shirt from a food business.  It was that good.  The shirt smells heavily of the smoker...don't want to wash it anytime soon.
I love great bbq and this place certainly lived up to expectations.  I had the pulled pork sandwich which comes out on a hoagie roll that made it easy to eat and to add in copious amounts of pork.  There is something special about meat that is just so tender that taking a bite is more about flavor than actual chewing, I left not only satisfied but with thoughts about when I could next return. 

There are many options for sides from waffle fries, mac n' cheese, potato salad, and a baked potato.  I only tried the waffle fries which was provided in enough of a portion for adequate sharing but also were great to soak up more of that delicious tangy bbq sauce.  

This is a bbq place that requires several visits since you'll be wanting to come back and try what everyone else had in full quantities.
I don't know if I liked Rollin Smoke BBQ because I had a couple of beers before dining here.  And, I don't know if I liked it because of the people I was dining with.  Again, I don't know if I liked Rollin Smoke BBQ because sitting next to me was Christie O. who doesn't eat pork.  And, trying to tempt her into turning to the "Darkside" was my goal - no success though.  But, what I do know, is that I liked Rollin Smoke BBQ. 

I had a couple of pork ribs, bacon potato salad, white bread and a diet soda.  The sauce wasn't overwhelming or overpowering.  So, the pork came through.  BACON POTATO SALAD... that won me over.  Anything with bacon is so much better.  

The service was awesome as well.  The girl behind the counter was smiling the whole time she was taking our orders.  The food was delivered with that same smile.  Does it get any better than that.  I think not.  And, to be open late, to boot? Come on... awesome!

So, I don't care what the reason is, that I like Rollin Smoke BBQ.  I like it and I'll definitely return.
I heard so much about the Outlaw burger from Seven and Las Vegas Weekly that I had to try it for myself!  After a well worth 15-min wait a massive burger came to my table...  This burger has lettuce, tomato, cheese,onion straws, a burger patty and brisket.  To take a bite I had to open my jaw as wide as possible and smash the burger down in the process!

There is no doubt I can say this is the best BBQ burger I've had in my life and for $8 it left me very full (that and the free dessert I received for checking in on Yelp!).  I'm really looking forward to trying other BBQ items on the menu, there was so many good looking things to choose from that it was overwhelming.

6/10/13

Just had the brisket sandwich over the weekend and it was awesome!  Very tender, melt in your mouth good.  I brought a group of friends and everyone thought it was amazing.  I'm so glad they have a large menu because I will want to come back here and try everything!
Like other folks here have said, I claim to be NO expert on barbecue except to profess that I freaking LOVE it and have had the privilege to eat it all over SoCal and throughout our travels across the US. 

I still have many, many places to visit and look forward to many more eatin' adventures but here's the down low on this joint and Dusty, the front man for the place. 

We were in Vegas to celebrate our 10 yr wedding anniversary and my husband wanted to surprise me with a visit to a great barbecue place so he did his research and away we went. Below are my humble observations, take them with a grain of salt, add in what everyone else wrote and you are in for a treat.

1. Yes, it's in the hood/industrial type area, sprinkled with strip joints and such, but get over it, the rent is probably cheaper than hell and there are always customers around. 

2. Dusty, a young dude to greeted us at the door, is one of the owners and what a hell of a front man he is. Uber friendly, knowledgeable, helpful and filled with positive energy, he treated us like old friends and even if the q had turned out to be shitty, we would've come back just for the customer service...thankfully it was not.

3. Small joint, not a huge menu but concise, to the point and the prices are so freaking good! Most of the barbecue places we've ever been to, charge an arm and a leg for a decent sized plate...here? 3 big, meaty pork ribs, 2 sides, a roll, $11.00 bucks and well worth every penny.

4. The bacon potato salad, jalapeno, corn coleslaw and banana pudding were absolutely legit and awesome!!

5. The best part? My BEEF SHORTRIBS!! So tender, so meaty, with just enough smoky bark on the outside, I sucked those bones like a flipping piranha...OMG!!

All in all, 5 stars all around and if I could give more, I would. If you visit and love the place, then please write even a quick review. They deserve as much business as they can handle and I hope they are there for a very, very long time...Good luck Dusty and thank you again for the most awesome beef ribs I've had in a long time.
Surprisingly good BBQ in the oddest of strip malls. We missed it the first time around, it's by a Diamonds Cabaret Strip club and when we pulled in the store front is dark so it looks even closed. You'll see large BBQ smokers in the parkinglot so you know you're in the right place. It's open late-ish during the week, and 1:30 am during Fridays and Saturdays! 

Bobby, Misti, and Mamie said something about grabbing some food to eat here after a UYE and somehow it struck a cord with everyone that BBQ sounds amazing and talk was rumbling about hunger that the rest of us decided to sort've crash on their idea. 

The BF and I shared two dishes, made both a combo (drink and 1 side) -

Smoked meatloaf  was awesome. The BF says one of the best he's had. It's definitely great flavor and is a different style of meatloaf being smoked, then basted in some of the sauce and topped with crispy onion rings. It was on a bed of pretty good red skin mashed potatoes. If you love meatloaf, this is something to try. 

Beef ribs are normally something we skip over, but seeing as they looked good and people were actually saying they were quality I decided we should give it a go. It was meaty, juicy and tender which is rarely achieved. I have to compare it to my holy grail of Phils in SD, and while it doesn't have that cracktastic crisp outside to moist (haha CHRISTIE O. ) inside, the quality is definitely there and satisfies that want for a good beef rib. So many places don't even serve it, just because of how hard it is to cook right. These were solid. 

Our sides were also solid. The baked BBQ beans had pulled pork pieces in it and was very good and hearty. Potato salad is the red skin potato style mayo (no mustard) style and had crispy bacon bits and green onions on top. I like all kinds of potato salad and this was good.There was a little bread piece on the basket which was kinda stale and dry which was the only hiccup.  They have one kind of BBQ sauce and it's on the zesty and a tad spicy side which I enjoyed it a lot. 

I really wanted to try a dessert, but we already had the major meat "itis". Maybe one day I will come back and eat something "lighter", you know, like a sandwich chaulk full of meat. 

It's a order up type of place at the counter and serve yourself drinks out of the beverage closet (it'll make sense once you're there). The staff was friendly and made sure to check on us. 

 Apparently the owners are Arkansas folks and while that is a "fringe" state that normally people don't think about slanggin' the 'que, it takes on influence from the best ideas of the rivalry states, really.

 I definitely think even from this first visit, this place raises the bar on BBQ offerings in this town. We will be back, probably really soon.
I lived in North Carolina for 12 years, so I'm picky about my barbeque. When I heard about Rollin Smoke, I knew I had to give it a try.

The food here went above and beyond what I ever could have expected from BBQ in Vegas. The location is off the beaten path, but once you find it you truly feel like you've found a hidden gem. 

I'm not usually big on okra, but the fried okra here was perhaps the best I've ever had. And like I said, I lived in the South for 12 years.

This is a great place to grab a low-price, good quality meal in Vegas. If you're a tourist, like I am, and you have a rental car, it's well worth the trip for a tasty meal at an awesome price.
As much as I love barbeque, I haven't been happy with any one place in town.  Some have great meat, some have great sauce, but none had both.. until now.

Hubby and I went with a friend to try this place out and left with full tummies and happy faces.

First, ambiance.. it's a tiny place inside an industrial strip mall next to an overpass.. the word "dive" was invented for this place, I believe.  Trust me, you won't care.  The new tables inside are nice, though.

Service.. great!

Now for the best part.. the food.  The sides were average to good, but we didn't try a lot of them.  Cole slaw was "interesting", mac n cheese was "okay", baked beans were "good!" .. but we forgot those as soon as we bit into our meats.

I had the pulled pork sandwich, the "Piggy", which came with a side and a drink.  The sandwich was enormous.. first thing I did was cut it in half for taking home half of it.  Then I bit into it and all my taste buds jumped up and did a cheer.  It was the most incredible pulled pork I've ever had.  Superlatives abound.. juicy, tender, meaty, saucy, omg nom nom nom.  I'll be honest.. that other half never stood a chance of going home, I ate it all.

Hubby couldn't decide so he got a half rack each of the baby back pork ribs and the beef ribs.  He was exclaiming about how incredible the pork ribs were and then he tried the beef, completely forgot the pork was there.  He's definitely a beef ribs guy, always prefers those, and found a level of beef rib heaven he hadn't known existed.  And the size of those beef ribs?  Definitely brontosaurus sized, massive amount of meat on each rib.  

Our friend got "The Biggin" sandwich and the brisket sandwich.  He devoured the Biggin and was making lots of strange noises, occasionally coming up for air to proclaim the food amazing.  The brisket arrived a bit later, and brought out a new level of attention - he said it was as tender as a pulled pork sandwich and we all were amazed that there was moist and tender brisket, because every other bbq joint manages to dry the meat out.  Since he has two hollow legs, he ate every bite of both of those monster sandwiches.

The prices are cheap, the food is amazing, and it's probably good that they're not located closer to home ;D.  I'm willing to bet that the Pitmaster there gets marriage proposals on a daily basis, because of his great food.  Hubby was ready to ask for a divorce so he could marry him, and I would have understood... ;)
A bit hard to find, but worth the chase for sure! Great sides and links. Sold out of brisket that's gotta be a good sign.
Looking for GREAT BBQ in LV? Not much selection but 1 mile off strip is some of the best BBQ I have ever eaten. Look for smoking smokers in parking lot. If you are a beef rib fan as I am you will simply not find a better smoked beef rib as good as this except maybe in Texas. Baby backs were top notch. Spares were also excellent but I like mine a bit more fall of the bone then these. Did not try pulled pork but will next time. Not fancy and no booze but who cares? Area is industrial but safe. Quick cab ride from strip.
So far, the best BBQ I've had in town...which is 32 years and counting!  They have something for everyone on their menu.  Owners are very friendly and extremely polite!  I think the location is good because its very centralized in my eyes.  Keep up the great BBQ and friendly atmosphere Guys!!!
Best pulled pork in Vegas!

You know you're in the right place when you smell the hickory in the air from the smokers in the parking lot. And prepare to fight for parking during the lunch rush. I went to Rollin Smoke days after returning from Lockhart, TX. I went not expecting to be impressed, but the pulled pork wowed me. It's usually something I prefer to make at home because it's not often I like it out. But this is tender, succulent and well smoked. The brisket was less impressive, I found it dry. I'd try it again when the sweet taste of central Texas wasn't so fresh. I might like it better. The combo I ordered also came with a dry burnt bun and I selected the mac & cheese for a side. It was pretty good, but I do prefer a creamier version.

My brother joined me for lunch, he had the baked potato topped with cheese and brisket. His order came out with pulled pork instead. No worries since it was a winner.

This was my first run in with Arkansas BBQ, they definitely make a great pulled pork. The jury is still out on the rest of menu. Must eat more to decide. The staff is super friendly and they're open late on the weekend.
This place is amazing. 

Immediately stepping out of my car into their parking lot the smell of bbq smoke floods your nose. You know it's going to be good. 

I must say, to my disappointment that I did not get to try as much as I should have. I had the Pull "Piggy" as it's called, which is pulled pork on a hoagie roll. I read some other reviews that it was pretty large and since I was coming for lunch I didn't want to over do it. My mistake. It wasn't that big at all. Simple six-inch hoagie roll stuffed with smoked pulled pork with a drizzle of their bbq sauce and some green onions. It was very stuffed, but I still wasn't full afterwards. My fiance got a sandwich as well, the beef brisket. Both were absolutely amazing. The meat is tender and packed with flavor. The bbq sauce isn't overwhelming and heavy - enough to add flavor and more moistness. 

All-in-all, I cannot wait to come back to this place. They have AYCE for $25, anytime any item. Challenge accepted, soon.
Best barbque in Las Vegas!  Had the rib tips and it was the best I've had. It was soft and boneless. Each taste had a kiss of smoke taste with the sweet and tangy BBQ house sauce. Love it. The sweet tea was not too sweet, perfect. The only BBQ place in town to eat. Open until 130am on fri sat NICE!

Had the Peach Cobbler today. Wow.  It was sweet with peach and warm like a hug from an old friend you have not seen in a long time.  I'm not a cobbler fan, but this made me a believer and I'd order it again!
This place is down the street from my office. Glad to have delicious BBQ so close. Highly recommend ordering via phone, in advance or going in before 11am, this place can get super busy for lunch. 

Delicious! I love the brisket! Very tender. I've heard the beef ribs are great, but so far haven't been able to steer myself away from the brisket. I wasn't over impressed with the mac and cheese, but so far everything else has been great. The potato salad  and mashed potato both have bacon in it, so I haven't tried them (I don't eat pork... I know the horror!!)

The girls in my office rave about the piggy fries, but I usually get it with brisket and/or over a baked potato or the waffle fries. Either way it's absolutely huge and could easily feed two people. Beware after you finish it you will be ready for a nap!! 

Note: I really like the Unsweetend Ice tea... and I also keep meaning to try my free with check in banana pudding, but haven't yet. 

A few weeks ago I tried one of the specials from the board: Cheesy chicken and Jalapeno sandwich. It was delicious. Cut up pieces of chicken and sliced jalapenos drenched in creamy cheesy sauce. There was nothing healthy about it, but it tasted great.
Friday night... fridge has left overs but doesn't sound that great after over a 9 hour day of work... Pho? nah... Burger again?.. ehhh.. Ohh yes BBQ!
    
     ohh my goodness. The carnivore bug.. bit my neck; visions of falling off the bone goodness, sauces, and messy fingers! I just had to try out Rollin Smoke Barbecue!

   Located behind fashion show mall, near all the "adult" stores.. a little shack... other people drive up ; 3 guys and a girl in another vehicle pull up and order before us in line.. Too bad these male law students can't pay for the girl.. she ordered last.. I was like " Why are they not pitching in for a lady to eat at a BBQ!?"  i guess they are all on "friend status" only.....

   Special of the Day: Beef tips, with two sides and a drink for $13.00.. I got the LAST order. the gentleman i ordered from, w/ braids/dreads(dirty blond) was so nice and had the best hospitality.. it was so refreshing. 

    I want to try some chicken and pig.. so the Half Chicken and Half Spare Ribs was in order...
Mention a Check-in on Yelp and they will gladly honor a free dessert.. I asked" What's the best to get?"  the Braided gentleman in his accent.. "the Banana one".. i said "let's go for it!"

   At last the food arrived and it easily feeds for 6. but my bf and I could finish these trays of food in two sitting!  wow, THe food here is just so different.. Smoky and not too sweet but the beef tip and ribs had a special zing... not too spicy. i just say .. ZING" is the word and i liked it!

We chowed down.. even the loaded potato salad and chipotle Cole slaw was a nice accompaniment to the hearty meat. 

Dessert! ohh my goodness real ripe banana and the pudding with the vanilla wafers and spray of whipped cream! i want one right now ! soo indulgent that i almost had a big "O" ..no i didn't but it made me think .. How much time did they really make this banana goodness in a cup?. was it just jello instant banana pudding and i'm just having a taste bud trip? 

So... is it worth going to the Rollin? Yes! Go.and make sure to utilize the roll of paper towels on the table and don't get upset that your clothes smell like a Smoky BBQ plate!
Purpose of visit: looking for an early lunch after a heavy night of drinking. We received a great recommendation from a family visiting from Hawaii. They had already eaten there twice going there right when they open at 10am. We decided to check it out since they raved about the place. We ordered the sandwich platter and some ribs. Owner made an exception and gave us 1/2 brisket and 1/2 pulled pork. Homemeade BBQ sauce was sweet and tangy, the brisket was moist and very tender. Tasted great with some coleslaw on a pun. Pulled pork was a little dry but tasted fine. The ribs melted off the bone and were extremely flavorful. Perfect place to get some local food at a very good price. Owner was very nice and made sure our experience was good. Definitely a repeat place.
Lets start with the food. Holy god, it's good. Damn good. The sides are generous and filling, the pulled pork is very satisfying. The hot links are cut and oozing flavor. You get a free dessert if you use yelp too so that's a plus. I also ordered the outlaw burger and was warned it takes about 15 minutes to make. I was okay with that until 35 minutes later it still had not come. The burger was amazing and I had only ordered a 1/2 pound of pulled pork and received well over a pound (I assume it was for the wait)  I ordered for two people and my name was the same as another patron so I'm assuming there was some confusion there. Which brings me to the only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5. The ordering and service wasn't great, but It wasn't bad either and the food more than made up for it.
Things are really looking up for Rollin' Smoke Barbecue...from being one of the first 15 reviewers, that number has jumped into the triple digits and increases everyday. After a few write-ups in local publications to recently receiving National recognition as one of the top 25 BBQ spots in the country, that is quite an achievement from John, Dusty, Tim, and Mayra and they have single handedly put Las Vegas, Nevada on the Barbecue map!

We dropped by for some true Southern Q before going to see Pin-Up at The Stratosphere. Right away, Dusty suggests the Smoked Meatloaf which has become one of their regular items on their updated and expanded menu of deliciousness. We also got the Seafood Platter with Fried Catfish, Fried Shrimp, Hush Puppies and Fried Okra which they were out of, so one of the cooks suggested the Corn Fritters, and those did not disappoint! Seasoned well and the sweet creaminess of the corn was very tasty!

This huge slab of meaty goodness arrives on top a bed of loaded mashed potatoes, and sweet crispy onions with a sweet BBQ sauce and is one of  the tastiest renditions of an American classic that I've come across! The seafood platter is served with lemon, hot sauce, and tartar sauce was equally delicious. The Shrimp had a crisp outside while still keeping that plump, juicy interior, The Catfish was nice, crisp and flaky, and I'm no hush puppy expert but I thought those were just okay.

If you're still in search of some killer barbecue, you may want to bookmark Rollin' Smoke, it may just become one of your  favorite spots! ALOHA!!!
Rollin' Smoke has been getting a lot of online press the past few months and I finally got a chance to try them out. The raves are correct. The place is amazing. It is by far the best barbecue in Vegas and some of the best I've had anywhere.

When you pull up into the parking lot, you can see the smokers outside. When you walk in, the smell of barbecue is in the air. The place is inviting and the staff (and owners) are very nice and genuinely proud of their food.

I got the trio platter for $13.99 which includes three meats, a side, and a fountain drink. I chose pork spare ribs (ribs+tips attached), beef brisket, and pulled pork, with mac&cheese as my side. You get two spare ribs as an item in the trio. Other choices were 1/4 chicken or links. It's quite a deal!

The pork spare ribs are amazing. Meaty, well-seasoned, great smoke ring, and the flavor was unbelievable. The brisket was quite good and the pulled pork was tender and flavorful. I wish I would have eaten the brisket and pulled pork before the spare ribs though, because the more delicate flavor of those meats was overtaken by the taste of the ribs.

Midway through my meal, I heard someone order a beef rib. I LOVE beef ribs and it's very rare that a barbecue place serves them. So I had to get that too. $6.99 for a rib, but completely worth it. It is intensely beefy in flavor and gets more and more juicy as you eat it. Sort of tough on the outside, but near the bone it was beyond anything I could have hoped for.

I was so impressed that I was texting my friends all through my meal. I ended up ordering almost $100 of barbecue to take back to my friends. It has been a week now, but my phone still smells like barbecue. One of my friends ordered some smoked hot links, so I got to try that as well and they are really good. I usually scoff at ordering links at a barbecue place, but these were special.

All told, I tried every meat on their menu except for the chicken and the smoked meat loaf. The pork spare ribs take home the ribbon, but everything else was not far behind. My friend's beef ribs did look much smaller than the one I got and he said it was dry all the way through, so ask for a big hefty one to make sure it's tender.

For side dishes, I would not recommend the mac&cheese. It wasn't that good. Other tables had jalapeno cole slaw, bacon potato salad, fried okra, and hush puppies. All those seemed to be well-liked.

The barbecue sauce is made in-house and is very good. It might be very slightly too sweet for my liking, but I order my barbecue with sauce on the side anyway, so I didn't mind much. They also make a spicy barbecue sauce which you can request.

Oh, they also have a buffet option. For $25, you get unlimited everything on their menu. If you like beef ribs, two beef ribs are $15. Eating four beef ribs and a side already puts you ahead.
I visited from California and heard about this place from my Chase Credit Card dining rewards program.  I am glad that I found it because it was delicious!  Being raised and born in Texas, I consider myself somewhat of an expert on BBQ and these folks got it right.  I talked to the staff (Lee) as I normally do when I visit a new BBQ joint to find out what style of BBQ they serve and how passionate they are about their food.  The passion is the proof when you bite into thier great food.  I sampled some of the ribs while I waited on my Outlaw Burger to be ready.  The ribs were perfect and the Outlaw Burger is noteworthy.  Keep up the good work.  The restaurant is also big military supporters, so that is a plus since I am in the USMC.

It was finger licking good!
I don't know what happened but I had a totally different experience at Rollin Smoke then everyone else seems to have had.  We ordered rib tips, links, mac n cheese, mashed potatoes, potato salad, coleslaw, peach cobbler and caramel cake all to go.  It took over 45 min for our order to be ready.  I would think the sides and desserts are already prepared and just need to scooped in a container.  So the wait was for links and rib tips?  The smokers were not on when we were there so we weren't waiting for meat.  

Customer service could have been friendlier.  They customer in front of me asked what sides they had and the guy taking orders just hit the menu where the sides were listed.  I wanted a link and sides but was told I had to get the hotlink sandwich.  I asked "So I can't just get a link?"  He said no not really.  When I pressed the issue he said I can get a 2 item combo and just get all hotlink.  I ordered that but why not just sell a link for $3 or $4 bucks?  After 40 min of waiting and seeing people order after me get their food I asked how long it would be and was told very gruffly that they are "very busy".  They were busy but I ordered before the lunch rush started.  I was also sitting in the booth next to the register so I could hear the orders and knew who was picking up phone orders, etc.  Also during the 45 min I waited at least 5 people told him the coke was out.  It was still out when I left.  

Ok.  On to the most important part the food.  Cause really, I will wait for hours and put up with bad service for some awesome BBQ.  

Sweet Tea- Not good.  I actually switched to soda and I rarely drink soda.  

Rib tips- Hubby thought they were ok.  I'm not a big beef rib person but thought they were ok also.  `

Links- No way that was 2 portions of links from my 2 meat combo.  It wasn't even 1 small link total.  But that is ok since they were so dried out it looked like they were days old.  I have never seen meat that dry in my entire life.  I'm being generous to say they looked like they were sliced the day before and left in the warmer overnight.  

Mac n cheese- very bland, noodles overcooked, could have used salt or real cheese.  

Mashed Potatoes-  Instant.  Yes they use instant potatoes.  All the other stuff there is good.  If they would use real potatoes it would probably be amazing.  

Potato Salad- This was the best out of all the sides.  It was ok but wouldn't order it again.  

Coleslaw- Ok.  

Peach cobbler- Cold.  Who serves cold peach cobbler?  Again ok.  Not great.  

Caramel Cake- Yellow cake topped with caramel syrup, like the kind you buy for sundaes.  This was actually not bad.  I might even try it at home.  

All the sides seemed just a little spice away from being good.  Maybe I went on an off day.  I don't know.  After reading everyone's reviews I was so excited to come here and had high hopes for what I thought was going be my new favorite BBQ place.  I was heartbroken at how bad it was.  At some point I will try again cause these 5 stars reviews have to mean something.  But I'm gonna need my yelpers to go with me cause hubby isn't having it.
When in Vegas, I always come here from now on. These guys know how to do BBQ like it's nobody's business! It's some of the best food you will eat in all of Vegas and at 1/3 of the price of even fast food on the strip. $10 fills me up and i'm a big dude. Super nice people too. Off the strip and worth it!!!
I stopped here on my way home from work, after several coworkers RECOMMENDED I TRY IT.. I got the sandwich platter. You get 2 lbs of meat either one meat or two. I ordered the brisket and the pulled pork. Meal also comes with 2 sides and enough rolls for 4 sandwiches. We ordered the kickin beans and the Mac-n-Cheese. The brisket was not what I expected it was chopped very fine which is good I guess for sandwiches. ( I hope it is not that way in a meal). Pulled pork was excellent and the sauce was good with just right amount of spice. The Beans were a bit too peppery for my tastes but some may enjoy it. Mac-n-Cheese was marginal but not crazy good also heavy use of pepper. Great filling meal, great taste overall. Will go back to try more menu items.
Rough looking neighborhood, odd order taking arrangement, side order mix-ups but tasty BBQ, "homey" hospitality and lower prices makes this a real find. Far from classy but some of the best ribs, chicken, fried okra and kick'in beans a person can eat!
We ate here after reading all of the great reviews from Yelp. Usually I like 95% of the places with high ratings but this falls in the 5% NOT.  We ate inside (MISTAKE) and ended up smelling like smoke so bad that we had to shower and wash our hair TWICE to get the smell out.  The owner was incredibly kind and he alone deserves 4 stars but this review is based on the food. 

The meat wasn't as tender as I prefer my ribs and the sides were bland. I wouldn't go back and probably wouldn't recommend it either.  The restaurant is very dim so it was hard to see our food but the taste is what's more important.  Overall, I've had much better.
You absolutely have to get the beef ribs. They are unbelievable. This is, by a wide margin, the best bbq joint in Las Vegas. Sides are amazing but it's all about the meat. Spare ribs, beef ribs, baby back ribs. All unreal. 
The beef ribs are so tender you can just pull off delicious pieces with your fingers. Get em!
This is the rare restaurant that lived up to the hype.  As many note, Rollin' Smoke is not in the best area.  But, there is a decent amount of parking close to the restaurant.  There are also plenty of places to sit, including tables outside.  But, since I came during the Las Vegas summer, there was no way I was sitting outside.

I was having trouble deciding between the Outlaw Burger and the 2 meat duo with pork and brisket.  The guy that was helping me suggested the meatloaf, which is made up of both brisket and pork and smoked.  It comes with potatoes on the bottom and BBQ sauce and fried onions on the top with pickle slices and a roll on the side.  I added fried okra, because if a place has fried okra I have to try it.

I was glad I took this guy's suggestion.  The slab is ENORMOUS, it easily fed me for dinner as well, and I'm a big eater.  The smoke in the meatloaf was incredible, very impressive.  I could have used more fried onions, but what dish couldn't?  I'll order more next time I eat here.  When you had a bite with the sauce and the onions, it was the perfect blend of crunch, meat and a bit of spice.

The okra was very good, but not the best I've had.  Service was fantastic, it took a bit to get my food, but they are super popular and making your food when you order.  So, it's worth waiting a few minutes.  Highly recommended, and the leftovers did great that evening with a second heating...
Nice place.  Friendly.  Made me feel at home and seems to be family oriented.  I ordered the AYCE!  Big mistake,not because it was not delicious, but because it was way too much food.  I started with beef rib, pork ribs, hotlink, mac n cheese,greens, and somehow they threw a piece of fried catfish on my plate too.  Everything was awesome, especially the beef rib, very meaty and smokey.
The only problem was that the link was not very hot both in heat and spice. I also had the fried shrimp and hushpuppies (I asked them to half the normal order for me cuz I was so full,  they said no problem)
I finished with sweet potato pie and carmel cake. ohhh and i even asked them for a glass of milk to wash it down.  Not bad, not bad all!
Not good for me . Did the all you can eat offer for 24.99. Every one of he style of ribs were dry . The downfall is the tomato flavor the rub/sauce has... Only great item is the fried shrimp. Service was also very friendly, but not even close to good BBQ for me.
Good barbecue in an unexpected place.
This is a proclamation and one that is long overdue:  after living in Las Vegas for 10 years I can now happily endorse a real-deal BBQ joint:  ROLLIN SMOKE BARBECUE!!!  As you may already know about me, I am a first-rate barbecue snob ...the kind of guy who is first to correct anybody who confuses grilling with barbecuing.  That is not a concern here.  We're talking about brisket and pork that is smoked for 18 hours -- baby back, pork *and* beef ribs -- wickedly good sides (like jalapeno coleslaw and corn nuggets) -- even some unique sandwiches.  It's in an odd part of town, off of Highland and under the Desert Inn overpass (yes, surrounded by strip clubs & warehouses) but somehow the location just seems to work.  
Make no mistake:  this is the absolute best barbecue that you will find in Las Vegas.  Period.  
If you like legit barbecue then you need to judge this place for yourself.   
You're welcome.
Best BBQ in town and for quite some distance. The staff is great and very concerned that you enjoy your meal. It is a real BBQ joint so be aware of that if you plan on dining inside. The meat is very tender and full of flavor. Their homemade BBQ sauce is possibly laced with crack! It's very addictive. Tender ribs, flavorful pork and brisket, a must try if you want true smoked BBQ.

The smokers outside are worth the experience checking out. There aren't places like this in town that give you the true home cooked feel. This is one of them.
First time here today for lunch and was thrilled to smell the smoke when we got out of our car heading into the restaurant. I ordered the trio with pulled pork,brisket, and chicken with sides of potato salad and Mac and cheese. Hubby had the pit master plate with the same meats but also had ribs. He ordered the coleslaw and hush puppies.  We both agreed the pork was our favorite. Very tender and a little fatty but that just enhances the flavor. 

My favorite side was the potato salad. Creamy and flecked with bits of bacon and green onion. Very tasty. Coleslaw was good too. Hushpuppies were very good also with bits of onion inside. The corn bread was sweet and super delicious!

The service was fast and our cashier/food server was friendly.  Will go back and try the baby back ribs next time.
This place is a little off the beaten path, but it's always the hidden gems that deliver the most delicious dishes. There were so many choices on the menu, my head was spinning. So my husband and I decided to go with the pit special so we could try as many meats and sides as possible. I'm just going to say you can't go wrong with any of the BBQ fare. The ribs, brisket, pulled pork, hot links- all amazing! The hot links were nice and spicy and all the other meat was super tender and delectable. 
The beans were a great side- thick and chunky with big pieces of pork mixed throughout. Yum yum. The potato salad had crispy pieces of bacon on top which launched it into a new level of awesome-ness. The fried okra was perfectly breaded and fried. No extra salt required. The mac and cheese just seemed like a dud next to all the other sides, so I'd skip that one if possible.
As for the dessert- the peach cobbler was too much peach and not enough cobbler. You could tell that they used a canned peach to make it and it was just not doing it for me. The peach cobbler wasn't the best, but maybe i'll try the banana pudding next time.
There are restaurants that I give 5 stars to due to a combination of the food, ambience and service. Well Rollin Smoke certainly (as I am sure they will admit) not win it on the ambience, they place is situated in a small strip mall in an industrial area, it's not that hard to find, just stick your nose out of the window, but it does take a little bit of looking.

So why does Rollin Smoke deserve 5 stars, simply, the food, I am a BBQ nut, I have been lucky enough to travel to some of the best BBQ places in the world and simply put, Rollin Smoke is right up there, it's certainly in the Top 3 BBQ places I have eaten.

To the food :

Brisket, amazing, simply amazing, tender, tasty and oh so good.
Baby back ribs, again, tender, full of flavor and a heck of a lot of meat on the bones.
Spare Ribs, ........

Ok, let's stop there for a second, here is the truth, just about anyone can cook baby back ribs and have them come out half way decent, cooking spare ribs, that's a whole different ball game, with that said...

How does a place make it's spare ribs taste even better than it's baby back, as tender as it's baby back and damn there is a lot of meat on those ribs.

The sides....Unlike a couple of posters here, the sides to me were ok, with one exception.

Waffle cut fries, they were good but a little plain.
Baked beans, they were ok, but I am really finicky when it comes to BBQ beans, these were just a little plain for my tastes.
The bread roll, good, but again I like mine warm and this was not, a little disclaimer, I kinda ignored the roll for a while, so it could have been warm when it came out, I tried the brisket first, one forkfull of it and it kinda turned into a scene from Jurassic park :-)

The potato salad.... I hate potato slad, hate is a strong word, but it is the correct word, give me choice between eating potato salad and say, losing a toe, well I guess I get to save some cash buying smaller shoes...

And yeah you guessed it, the wife tried their's and said I had to try it, a small sample was quickly followed by a much larger sample, it is that good.

So anyways, along with Fat Choy and Mount Everest, this is my favorite place to eat in Vegas.
Amazing bbq. Was extremely surprised to find a nice bbq place in Vegas so close to home. The ribs and macaroni and cheese are to die for. Highly recommend this place between the good food and the people who run it are very friendly.
I'm so glad I finally gave Rollin Smoke a try and that I didn't go here by myself as I would've driven away. The location isn't that great. It's close to a strip club, adult stores, etc. Tits and BBQ - this is a man's restaurant. The BBQ aroma fills the air inside the restaurant and sticks to your hair and clothes (had to shampoo my hair twice).

The food was amazing!  I'm not the biggest fan of ribs so, for me to like this place is a major deal. We had a meat Trio: brisket, pork and ribs with waffle fries and Mac n cheese. I liked everything we got. The meats were tender, juicy and smokey. I poured some house BBQ sauce on the meats for more flavor. The waffle fries were very crispy and I wanted to order more. The Mac n cheese has a smokey taste to it as well but was runny...still damn good though. The chicken sandwich and a black berry cobbler were ok.

This is not a fast-food restaurant so, expect to wait about 20 minutes or more to get your food. It's worth the wait.
The only TRUE BBQ available in Las Vegas. I have eaten BBQ (true, smoked BBQ) all over TX and Kansas City and have tried all kinds of places here in LV but this IS legit!! Excellent dry rub and smoked to perfection. The brisket and baby backs are my favorite. The baby backs are melty tender in the middle and nice and jerky like on the ends.  The brisket is comparable to Rudy's and Blacks BBQ in TX - some of the best I've had. SUPER nice folks and a family run business. Location kinda sucks but it just adds to the true BBQ ambiance. (Ha Ha!)
All I can say is BRISKET. It was so delicious and tender. The hush puppies were a great surprise...they were little jalapeno  and cornbread bites of heaven. The chicken was also pretty damn delicious. My mom had the potatoes salad and she pretty much scraped the cup clean...so I'm sure she loved it. 

And last but not least, we experienced some of the best customer service I've every encountered in Vegas. Rusty, the Pit Master, and the rest of the good folks here were super hospitable. They made us feel right at home. 

Definitely coming back
Great off the beaten path place. Clean restaurant, awesome BBQ. The pictures say it all.
So I had this when I just visited back to Vegas. Tried the Baby Back Ribs and the Mac and Cheese. I didn't love it. It was o.k. I really enjoy TC's RIB Crib more.  Nice place inside and friendly staff.
very good bbq.  when you walk in you can smell the smokey flavor.  wide variety on the menu at a reasonable price all entrees include a side and a drink.  i had the rib plate with 3 baby backs 2 spares and 1 beef rib with the mac and cheese.  i was very hungry when i walked in and couldn`t finish it the beef rib was hugh and tender mac and cheese was good.  my friend had the pit master special 4 meats 3 sides brisket was a little dry but still tasty we left very full and happy.  i will return!!!
I've had Arthur Bryant's bbq in KC, I've had LC's bbq (also in KC near the stadiums), I've had Sonny's BBQ (a chain pit-bbq in the SE US), I've had Brad's BBQ in Alabama, I've had Abe's BBQ in Clarksdale, MS at the Crossroads.  And now I've had Rollin Smoke BBQ in Vegas, and it compares with Arthur Bryant.  It is excellent bbq and I will visit again!  I've had their meatloaf (amazing--made with brisket) and the brisket.
I see a ton of 5 stars for Rollin Smoke and I can understand why.  I'd give 4.5 for the family atmosphere and the food.  

The brisket was extremely well done and the pulled pork tasted amazing, unfortunately the ribs were a little on the dry side but the sauce they have made up for it.

When we visited here this weekend the owner's mom was there and she was such a sweat heart.  I almost feel bad giving 4 stars just because of her.  

The place itself isn't much to look at and the location is definitely off the beaten path.  

Rollin Smoke is at least worth a trip to give it a try, personally I don't "crave" BBQ all that often and usually Famous Dave's or Lucille's will do the job if I do.  Overall tho, good food, worth a trip to try once, but don't think I'll go out of my way to try again.
This is the best BBQ I've ever had in Vegas and the food is a solid 5!   The 4 is actually a 4.5 (unfortunately Yelp doesn't offer that option) because I rate my dining experience on food, atmosphere and service. My few niggles to follow later.

If anyone is hesitant about the area,  don't be.  You can smell the smoky goodness down the block and it will draw you in like the crack den of BBQ that it is.

This is a family run hole in the wall and the plastic cutlery atmosphere suits it.  We sat in the mural covered back room, our first hint that the owners hailed from Arkansas.  We didn't even know that Arkansas "did" BBQ, my who knew concerning that state began and ended with the now Vegan Bill Clinton; little did I suspect that I would be in for a presidential Q.

We arrived around 3:00, as they close at 8:30 PM Monday-Thursday and made our way to the back room before we placed our order at the podium in the front room.  And here comes a niggle-most of the tables were not wiped down and nor would they be for some time after we arrived.  I don't mind lolling around in my own juicy, fat and Q juice runoff, but I'm not a fan of cleaning up someone else's.  Niggle two was a less than pristine bathroom.  I'm hoping that all this was due to the time of day, more than a recurrent daylong drawback.

We both ordered the $24.95 all you can eat, so we could sample a greater number of things and graze off of each other's plates.  We placed our order with John (one of the owners) I was trying to gauge the amount of food that we would be getting and he thought my beef rib order would be a bit too much, but I let him know I was a good little eater.  I may be short, but I do have some amazing chow down capacity.

We then prepared ourselves for a leisurely wait, eagerly sniffing in the smoke fumes.  There were only two diners in our room, and one of them decided to share his phone Gangsta Rap at mega-volume, I stopped sniffing at the air and unleashed a very annoyed and loud "REALLY!?!?!" but it wasn't until his food arrived (fortunately quickly) that this rude dipshit lowered his personal jukebox.

Then our meal arrived and the gluttonous food orgy began.  For sides we had the corn bread, fried onion straws, greens, corn nuggets-all contenders for a pure outstanding deliciousness award, some tasty curly fries and a ok roll.  For meats we had pulled pork, hot links, beef ribs, pork ribs, rib tips-all perfectly smoked and overwhelmingly delectable.  The chicken and brisket were good and the sauce was nicely spiced not too sweet. We ate till it hurt; leaving the final stretch of mass stomach expansion for dessert, a tasty berry cobbler and banana pudding.

Halfway through my cobbler I hit my max and gave up.  If we could have lolled around and napped we might have been able to finish, or explode.  I stopped short of saving a well picked bone to save and use as a Pebbles Flintstone hair clip just so I could savor that smoky goodness for the rest of the day.

Big kudos to John and his family for taking the chance on this business.  We loved their attentive service, hospitality.  We will be back once we recover from the meat sweats and BBQ hangover!
I love when Yelp steers me in the right direction. I am not a BBQ connoisseur or really even a BBQ fan, but I had family in town and we wanted to try some place new. 

It was a little difficult to find, but I had driven by Rollin Smoke while I was in the area on a previous occasion so knew generally where it was located. We had initially attempted to go to Peppermill, but the wait was longer than we were willing to eat, so I made the executive decision to try Rollin Smoke. It's in a pretty inconspicuous location, so keep your eyes peeled. 

The restaurant was much larger and nicer looking than I had expected. Roomy, with plenty of seating, even booths which I always prefer, and very clean. You order at the podium and they bring your food out to you. Since there was a free dessert with Yelp check-in offer, I took advantage of this and ordered the pulled piggy sandwich with jalapeno coleslaw and peach cobbler. Our food came out quickly and everything smelled and tasted great! The meat was pretty good. I'm no expert, but I enjoyed my pulled pork quite a bit. The coleslaw was spicy and tasted pretty good. The cobbler was great too, but I would ask for no whipped cream next time. My family all love their meals as well. Some of the sides were hit or miss, but some of our favorites were the corn nuggets and coleslaw. The mac n cheese was ok, but I'd have to order it again to see if I like it better next time. 

Their menu is quite extensive and they have so many great options that I look forward to exploring on our next visit. Overall, the experience was great and if they were in a more convenient location I could see myself coming here much more often. They have an all you can eat option for $25. I don't think I could handle it, but it seems like a pretty good deal. They also have family packs available for large parties, which is great.
Thanks to other reviewers for this recommendation - this place was definitely worth the side trip. Everything we had was great - even the seafood platter I had, which had a nice gritty corn-meal coating, and was not greasy at all. The corn bread, hush puppies, and fried okra were all as good as I've had, and I'd definitely recommend them. Especially the okra, as many places ruin this dish. 

Very friendly owner from Arkansas made us feel welcome. The free refills on the drinks were welcome, as some of the sauces were pretty spicy. The only bad part was that the neighborhood was pretty unseemly, even for Vegas. We ate out at the picnic bench, and let's just say the sights were pretty interesting. But a very authentic restaurant with excellent, inexpensive food.
I had to go there after all the talk on here.

The location is in a umm kinda shady part of town but I went there for the BBQ.

Its a true  BBQ joint. Plastic forks and knives, Styrofoam and paper plates.

The smell of smoke was pretty amazing. I was floating in like this place was the pied piper.

The menu is pretty simple like it should be. 

The owner was taking the food order. Its kind of different. You pay first and wait for a runner to bring out your food. The owners are very nice people and really care about their food.

I ordered The Biggin, its a sandwich with pork, brisket, and hot links and it was friggin delicious. There's no easy way to eat this monster. You have to dig in and understand things are gonna get messy.

One boy ordered the catfish po boy. Yes its not BBQ but he loved it and they did make it perfect.

Another ordered the Brisket Dog. I didn't know it was on a sesame seed bun which he was allergic to. They made it over at no charge and put it on a hamburger bun. The sandwich was as big as his head! I was entertained just watching him trying to eat this behemoth! Its a good thing they have rolls of paper towels on the tables because this kid needed a whole roll. He loved it too.
 
I will definitely be back again!

oh and guys, if you sneak there without your wife or GF, you will be caught because you walk out of this place smelling like smoke!
I LOVE this place!!!  
My first foray into the world of meat could not have been better!!  

After 20 years of a plant based diet I decided that I wanted to eat bbq'd meat.  I blame pregnancy and the Pit Masters tv show.  My husband says I must have been lacking some vital nutrient... in anycase he took me to Rollin' Smoke Barbeque.  

We ordered beef brisket and ribs.  Even my 4 year old who generally hates to eat anything but sweets was excited about our meal.  The guy working the counter was really sweet and when he heard my story brought out an assortment from the back to try... Hot Links, Pulled Pork and bbq'd chicken.  

I think I'm a changed person...
Being from Texas, this city is seriously lacking good BBQ places, until now. Weird location but the inside was nice looking and comfortable. Everything was solid and I have my eye on the All you can eat option for next time. Do I dare?
Best BBQ I've had in Las Vegas. I got the rib platter which was about $17.99. It was delicious and the meat just fell of the bone. Service was great and cashiers were nice and courteous. I would highly recommend this place to any meat or BBQ lovers.
They have all you can eat for 25 bucks. Its a good deal if you can eat a lot. My favorite meat was tue brisket and beef ribs.
The best BBQ that I have ever tasted and I love me some BBQ!  Our family travels a lot and I try to sample BBQ where ever we go and this was hands down the best so far.  I come to Las Vegas a few times a year because my friends and I drag race so this will definitely be on my list of food places that I must eat at before going back home to Los Angeles, CA.
Sweet. Fancy. Moses.

This place is amazing. I normally don't have a huge craving for BBQ, but maybe that's just because this town isn't especially known for it's fantastic BBQ. Rollin Smoke definitely changed that part of me. Since I first went there (about 3 weeks ago) I've been back 2 more times with a bunch of different people based on craving for that sweet magical BBQ they serve up. I feel like the more I eat there, the more wizard-like powers I will gain via BBQ sauce. Maybe I'm confusing that with my constant yearning for naps.

It is insanely delicious BBQ. Everything I've had there has been phenomenal. The pork, the chicken, and the burger...which I was unaware was insanely massive. I would recommend having the rest of your day planned for napping if you choose to eat the Outlaw Burger. It is tasty, but it is freaking enormous. It's got to weight a pound in your hands...It's a challenge to eat, but it's so good.

The sides are really great too. I keep trying new ones every time I go because they have a pretty significant list of options, so it's nice to switch it up and not be disappointed ever.

I really loved this place, and I really like the location. I know it's not the most convenient place on the planet, but getting there is easy, and it's kind of buried. Like a little local treasure. Places like these keep me exploring this city for more delicious dishes.

If I had any complaints about this place the only one would be that it can leave you smelling very smokey after you leave for quite some time. Not the worst problem if you're trying to get eaten by bears who like tasty things, but if you're going to a meeting with a new client or something immediately after, I might consider going in with a 'BBQ outfit' if that's even a thing.

It's tasty. Go eat it.
Great AUTHENTIC BBQ. Reminds us of what we would get while living in La. We look forward to coming back to this place!
by far the best bbq place in vegas!

love their trio sliders! brisket and hot links are the bomb! + their potato salad!

staff and crew are very friendly and nice! good service! good food!
This is a must-go, must-eat, must-try bbq spot in Vegas.
If your'e visiting vegas, it's worth a short 4-5 minute drive from Fashion show mall to taste some of the best bbq i have ever had. We were staying at TI and it was right  across the freeway. 

This was the first time I tried beef ribs. It was cooked to prefection. It was tender fall off the bone, and paired perfectly with the zesty bbq sauce. My friends ordered the trio bbq, the hotlink sandwich, and the brisket sandwich. No one was speaking, we were all too consumed eating the food lol. Their curly fries were crispy, mac n cheese was cheesy, and their cobbler was fantastic.

The service was excellent. Food was brought out to our table. We sat on the outside bench, which was convenient for a party of 8. They checked up on us on several occassion to make sure we were happy with the food. The Chief took his time to come out to ask how we like the food. My boyfirend is a bbq fanatic, he had to go shake the hand of the man who made these fantatic food. 

They have made  a fan of me. I will definitely go back.
I am not a huge fan of fish/sea food. However, I tried there mahi mahi and it was DELICIOUS!!! Definitely will be back ;-)
The food was awesome and the service even better. The owner practically held our hands through the ordering process as we had a big group with kids. He kept checking on us every 15 minutes or so too.  This place lives up to its high rating.  I'm from the south and am a tough critic of BBQ, but Rollin' Smoke BBQ is worth the hike off the strip.
Barbecue as the gods meant it to be made--that's the only way to describe this place.  This isn't a bbq joint on the main Strip of Vegas.  This is grub you have to hunt for.  Yet I guarantee once you've discovered this place off the map that the tourists have you'll never forget where it is.

People have meals they remember.  People have meal they never forget.  But very rarely do people have meals they have to ask themselves if it really happened.  No food should be allowed to taste this good.  They really shouldn't.  Because all it does is make all the other bbq feel bad, feel ashamed for their inferiority and their audacity to put themselves into the same class of eats as Rollin Smoke.  

Everything here is excellent--from their ribs to their sides, from the service to their decor.  It's like walking into everybody's idea of the perfect bbq joint and finding out you never have to leave... and that maybe you never should lest it vanish like the magical culinary paradise it really is.
We were in Vegas April 2013 and did a random Yelp search for some BBQ.  This place had high marks and they weren't too far off the strip.  I even feel badly about the low rating that I am leaving, because so many others were so good.  But this is our truth...

We walked into the place and the smell of smoke was potent and we were really eager to try a little of everything.  We ordered a sampler and because we "checked in" there we got a free dessert.  The meal was a HUGE disappointment!  What a shame.  We have strong roots in the south and this did not do it any justice.  

The chicken was flavorless.  The ribs had smokey flavor, but was borderline jerky!  The pulled pork was sub-par.  The sides were also a disaster.  The beans were hard and way too spicy, just underdeveloped flavor.  The mac and cheese was a mushy blob of fake-tasting cheese, just not good!  The bread they served was hard and cold.  I would have paid them extra NOT to bring the so called dessert to the table.  That was the poorest excuse for peach cobbler.  Marie Calender's from the local grocery store would have been way better.  The banana pudding was baby food grade, and gritty, just not right!  

Maybe we went at the wrong time of day (dinner time on a Tuesday night)?  Perhaps it would have been better at lunch time or on a Friday/Saturday night?  Maybe, if we're desperate, we might try again on a more popular night?  

I think the guys are trying hard, because the service was pretty good and hospitable (hence the 1 star).  For us, the service was the only bright spot.  We left a lot of the food picked over and with our pockets $30 lighter.  The waiter came over to the table with a big smile and said "Ain't it good?"  We just didn't have the heart to break it down for him.  It is terrible when you pay for food and it doesn't meet your expectations and you leave hungry...what a waste of time and money :-(
Small Hidden place in the industrial section, but was a good find.
I've tried other BBQ places in Las Vegas and Los Angeles and Rollin smoke is up there with the other good ones. I had pulled pork/Brisket which was really tender, juicy and sauce wasn't too overpowering. I looked to my left and saw a monster -  the "Outlaw Burger" which looked like a burger on steroids. IT was stacked high with onion rings and brisket or pork (I forgot) and fat meat patty. You gotta see this. I asked the guys after they ate it and said" its amazing". Good food, good prices, good to eat with friends but kinda limited in spaces but open til like 1AM. I will surely go back...
3 stars A-ok. The location kinda creeped me out being in the shady gentlemans club part of town. The ambience was pretty down to earth. and The food was all right. It wasnt the best bbq I have ever had but its far from the worst. The only real complaint I have is that I smelled of smoke after eating. I guess its true to the name rolling smoke. Good but not great.
This is, by far, the best BBQ in Las Vegas.

Here's why:
THE BUSINESS MODEL!!!

-great BBQ, including catfish and beef ribs and banana pudding and BBQ nacho fries; choices you don't find at many other BBQ places.
-a family of charming characters who treat everyone like they were their best friend.
-a menu that overcomes the "combination" curse. 
What's that, you say? 
A combination curse is a combination plate that isn't exactly what you want, but you order it anyway, because you have no other choice.
At RSB, they overcome this curse because all elements of the BBQ universe are available "a la carte". 
For example, I didn't want a brain-dead combination with a "carb" side and drink...I wanted nothing but protein. So I ordered, a la carte, a beef rib (gigantic!), a piece of white chicken and a piece of catfish. I dare you to find that "combination" at any other BBQ place in town. 
It was sensational!

Oh and I almost forgot, one of the best burgers in town (next to Fat Choy) aptly named the "Outlaw Burger". 
You eat The Outlaw Burger, and when you go outside, your car has magically morphed into a tricked-out Harley!!

If you're a local, you're crazy to go anywhere else.
If you're a visitor, it's half a mile from the strip, just down the road from the Trump Tower.


Side note: 
They should do a reality show at Rollin' Smoke. 
If Pawn Stars, and Duck Dynasty, can be successful cable shows, a show set at this place can be blindingly, staggeringly successful! 
Kind of a combination between the Diner shows and the Down-Home shows.
More pleasure; more heart.
If you like smokey awesomeness then this place is for you.  The best spare ribs I've  had in ages.   The sauce is very tasty with just the right amount of kick.  We had dinner there tonight and it was great.  The owners are very friendly and accommodating.  There is nothing fancy or pretensions about this place -- just solid BBQ at reasonable prices and a quick 15 min walk back to the strip.
Oh man I love me some BBQ, I always order me some ribs and this place is pretty damn good. I had to try a bit of everything so I got the basket with chicken, ribs, hot links and brisket with sides of onion strings, Mac n cheese and bacon potato salad. And for dessert, carmel cake! Hands down delicious! Haven't tried anything in comparison within Vegas.
This place is amazing. Definitely the best BBQ place in Vegas. It's a little out of the way, but definitely worth making the trip down there. The food is awesome and the staff is really nice too! And the prices are really decent for the portions they serve. The outlaw burger and the beef ribs are a definite must try. I would definitely go there again if I'm ever craving for some good BBQ!
The BBQ was yummy to everyone who came to dinner with me.  The brisket was tender but alittle too burnt for my own taste bud, but everyone else enjoyed it.  When we were in line to order we waited awhile because the person was on the phone but then we realized he was on the phone with a " sweety" because I heard him say I have to go it is getting busy here sweety, really you delay taking our order for a sweety.  I thought he was taking a take out order.  Came to realize that he was the owner, now that is just not good customer service. That was the first reason it didn't deserve a five, then the next reason was that I came to look at the photos to see if we for what was in the photo since the owner was telling everyone including myself to yelp for him 4 and 5 only please.  He even said you can do it from your cell phone.  I told him then i saw you got 4.5 stars. i don't know if you get as much as some of the photos featured, for sure the burger was Hugh but the trio and such I am not sure.  The strike two was on one of the photos it said free dessert if you yelp, well when I ordered my blueberry a la mode he didn't give it to me for free or even mentioned it.  He has been there for a year and at this point as a business owner wouldn't you do this to get people to come back? Or suggest this place? Or even yelp for you?  What is 6.00 dessert? Strike three:  they didn't bring out all the right sides well I mean he said this it I had to tell him we still have a side of rings and an order of waffle fries.  This is the reason they got a three from me.  The food was delicious to everyone that went, the baby backs didn't seem to fall off Like the spare ribs.  The brisket fries were Huge and yummy.  The Brisket dog look great and I heard it was delicious.  I couldn't try it because I am not a fan of smoke burnt BBQ, there is Noy one kind of BBQ sauce and it was not my fav with the tangy taste.  I like the sweetness of BBQ sauce. I am also big on service even if the food is awesome for them to get a five.  In some cases no service is okay but it want because they were super busy and for god sake it was the owner not an employee.  Oh and the bathroom is weak, one single one and it doesn't flush well after you have been waiting, luckily it was not a number two for me.  The toilet paper just would flush...yikes. It is the worst feeling standing there trying and trying.   I am sure the owner will read this and make it a better experience for you future yelpers. Btw, the honey fried chicken was not that good, so stick to the BBQ, dud that is why you came right? I am a bread lover and the little buns were weak.
We went here on a Friday night late and had a hard time finding the place. It's in a small strip mall, near a bunch of strip clubs and we were a little nervous. Once we got in, we were greeted by one of the owners and we were very pleased. 

We both ordered the Duo. The brisket was fantastic. Tender, moist and very flavorful. The ribs were fall off the bone good. They definitely take pride in what they serve. The Mac n cheese was great and well. Went perfect with the meal. 

You order at the counter and they deliver your meal to you. We talked to the young man quite a bit and it sounds like they have had quite a nice little success. This is a hidden gem in Vegas. Not to be missed!!
best in vegas
I liked this place overall. Hole in the wall but good. The ribs were so so so good. Barbq sauce was good. Mac n chez was my favorite almost taste like powdered cheese. Peach cobbler was OK. Cole slaw and fries were good
Just get there and try it. I had the slider trio w/ sausage, pulled pork & rib meat and waffle fries as my side; all of which were soooo tasty. Loved those fries, they had an awesome season on them- not the typical seasoning that places sometimes use - this is a first for me and I loved it all!

Get some hush puppies too, they're great. That's all from our table!
The food was decent and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  We went there around 9:30 on a Friday night.  The meat was dried out.   I would recommend going earlier when the food is fresh and it would probably live up to the high ratings others left.
Awesome food!! The pulled pork sandwich is the best. I also loved their corn nuggets and okra. The baked beans are a little too spicy for my personal taste, but if you like a "kick" in your baked beans, you would enjoy them. The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside, but it is a great place to eat. I will definitely return when I visit Vegas.
The best barbecue I have ever had. The ribs are amazing and the meat falls right off the bone. The service is also amazing the employees are very friendly and helpful.
The food is excellent with a huge portion for a great price. Service is great. I'd recommend if your in vegas you should go check it out.
Best BBQ I've had in Vegas in more than 30 years here.  Had brisket, chicken and rib tips, with mac& cheese, and yams.  Excellent quality all the way around...the chicken was perfectly cooked...fully done but still moist...the mac & cheese was nice and creamy.  this is definitely my "go to" for "Q.  Oh, and the sauce was really interesting...a little thinner than some sauces, and with a really nice balance of vinegar and sweetness.  Really glad I tried these guys and looking forward to more.
Decided last minute to try this place before work, first time and will definitely not be the last! The owner was very welcoming and accommodating. The menu is very diverse with lots of options for everyone. 

The barbecue sundae with your choice of meat (I chose brisket) was extremely flavorful and had a great balance. The barbecue nacho fries also with your choice of meat was BOMB!! Words cannot describe how delicious it was.

Very impressed by this restaurant! Will definitely be back soon!!
I was referred here by a friend and wow was I surprised.  Not the place I would expect good simple BBQ.  The brisket was tender and the pulled pork with the jalapeno coleslaw was fantastic.  I will be back.
So very sad. 

 All the great reviews here on Yelp gave me a real desire to check Rollin Smoke out.  I thought I would be in BBQ heaven.  Sadly, my mouth ended up in another place!

The joint is cool, the staff are friendly, but the BBQ sadly was dry and way too over spiced.  I mean it was too dang hot.  It was so peppery hot that all you could taste was pepper and more pepper.

We had the $35 combo and man it was a lot of food.  Too bad it was all heat on a plate.

OK, I get it, some like it hot, but man, who wants to burn out all their mucous membranes to eat some BBQ?  I understand heat, but the heat took away from the taste.  There was no subtly at all, it was just smokey hot and unpleasant.  

To me, great BBQ is a balance between just the right amount of heat, smoke and some sweet to offset the heat.  There just wasn't any balance.

Besides that, things were dry.  Not dry like cardboard (except for those nasty slider buns), but the meats were dried out, especially the brisket.

I wanted to like this place so much.  But sorry, once was more than enough for me.
Great and tasty meat! Superb place off the touristic LV strip. The ribs and the Brisket were perfectly cooked. The outlaw burger was huge but had all the flavours it needed. We will for sure visit this place again on our next visit in Sin City :-)
This place is just amazing and I love the feel because it's not too big it too small. The food taste great and everything feels like a down home Southern BBQ. They don't hold back on anything, it's like being in a butcher shop.......freaking amazing!!!!
Southern BBQ goodness in the middle of the dessert! 

This tiny restaurant hiding off the strip is a piece of tummy heaven. The taste reminds me of the Deep South. The sauce is spicy and flavorful, the meats are cooked well, and the sides are all good. The only problem is that my stomach isn't big enough to keep eating. 

Definitely going to stop by again before we leave town.
The restaurant is in a very odd industrial area near auto shops, strip clubs and warehouses, and is probably the only one in the area. You walk in to a haphazard restaurant with not much of a front counter, but instead a confusing podium to order at with no one standing there most of the time. The menu is on a wall kind of near this podium, so you better know what you want before you walk over to order. There are a handful of two, four and large top tables between the two awkwardly cramped rooms of this place, sparsely decorated with a few down lights and some reclaimed wood on the walls. You can tell it was thrown together cheaply, but it seems to fit with the homegrown feel of backyard BBQ. The great smell of smoke fills the space the whole time you sit there, and never really fades away while you're there or from your clothes when you leave.

The menu features pretty much all the standards you would expect from a BBQ joint, but as I said I was suckered into ordering their Outlaw Burger: brisket, onion, bell pepper, onion strings, red cabbage slaw, lettuce, tomato, cheddar cheese and chipotle aioli. I'm skeptical of any BBQ place that can't get sweet tea right, so I was nervous about this thing given the somewhat flavorless tea I sat with while waiting for my burger to arrive. And what came out was just too big to enjoy; the patty alone is a thick mass of meat that's possibly a bit overcooked just because of its size and how long it has to cook. The bun was far too small and thin to hold up to this mess, even with a decent helping of lettuce at the bottom to create a buffer from any sauce. Probably the best flavor in this whole thing were the onion rings, which tasted far better on their own than in the burger where they got lost in the myriad of flavors. The huge glob of cheese had good flavor, but like most other things in this burger there was just a bit too much of it. As for the aioli, slaw and other items, I couldn't really tell you much because I didn't notice them enough. I think if this were your typical 1/4 or 1/3 pound burger it would probably be pretty good, still a far cry from the best burger in Vegas as they've claimed, but maybe in the upper half. But like my recent complaints about a huge burger in San Diego, this is just too much to properly enjoy.

Something extremely puzzling and disappointing for me was the complete lack of fries with my burger. Looking at their menu online now, apparently the $8.99 "smoking deal" for the Outlaw Burger is a deal for just the burger, you have to read the small print at the bottom where it says to add $3 for a side and drink. I wish the guy that took my order would have said something as I spent $2 for just my iced tea expecting the fries that were in the picture with my burger. What burger doesn't get ordered with fries?! I guess maybe one of this size, as I surely wouldn't have been able to finish it if I ate anything else, but fries are almost always a necessity. For $11.88 I certainly got a lot of food, but I don't know if it was worth the cost or stomach bomb. I have a feeling that you should stick to the true BBQ that this place is known for, and not their "best burger". I know I'll be back to test this theory.
I thought this place lived up to the hype and enjoyed meeting the owner, Lee and he's a really nice guy. I ordered the all you can eat deal for $25 and tried the pulled pork, brisket, sausage and ribs. For my sides, I had the beans, jalapeno coleslaw and collareds. However, the server had two faux pas by forgetting to bring out the greens and they gaved me St. Louis Ribs instead of baby back ribs so Lee went int he back and brought me out the baby back ribs and a beef rib and it was quite meaty. The ice tea was so so and the sweet tea did not have much sweetness either but guess it's better for my teeth! They had some football on the flat screen TV which is a must in September and the joint is nothing fancy but the bbq is definitely worth the trip and I was starving since I just arrived from the East Coast on an empty palate. I'll definitely make a return trip to this joint when I return in January and love the smoke smell whe you enter the restaurant. This place definitely puts Memphis BBQ to shame!
I went here yesterday with my friends for the first time. The menu has such an extensive array of meats, sides, desserts, and even seafood options that we must've stared at it for 5 minutes. I ended up using the Yelp check-in offer after I found out that I can get a dessert with any "sandwich" - including the outstanding Outlaw Burger.

I got to nibble on a few of my friends' items while sitting out the 15 min burger wait time. The beef rib was really good. I just might get a slab of those next time. The jalapeno coleslaw was also nice, but maybe a bit spicy for my delicate (read: wimpy) tongue.

I've had a few burgers around town, and the Outlaw Burger is definitely up there. It's piled high with all kinds of goodies, including a surprise shrimp or two! They grind up their brisket into it, and while there's no trace of pink inside, it's still surprisingly tender and not dry. I did have some issues with huge chunks of meat falling out of the burger and into my tray, so I wish they would have made a more cohesive patty. Still, it was ridiculously good and something I would order again and again.

I probably should have gone the traditional route and picked fries as the side in my combo, but I wanted to try the bacon potato salad. It definitely felt homemade and wasn't as oily as some renditions are. However, I didn't think the cold temperature worked very well with my hot burger, and I imagine all the other meats are hot as well.

My visit wasn't a perfect experience. The biggest issue was that they told me they'd bring my peach cobbler out later on and they simply didn't do it. I take a while to enjoy my food, and I still had to walk back to the front podium afterward to remind them. But when I finally did get the cobbler, I was in heaven. It's a heavy, assertive dessert, and the portion is easily worth the $2.50 to tack onto your non-sandwich.

My clothes still smell like smoke today. In a very good way. Bring your friends and family, take your cholesterol pills, and hang on for the ride. This BBQ joint definitely lives up to the hype.
I had been meaning to try Rollin' Smoke for some time and so my husband and I checked it out recently for lunch. As soon as you pull into the parking lot, you can smell the meat and it makes you drool. We decided to share a pulled pork sandwich and the rib platter special that includes baby back ribs, spare ribs and beef rib. We thought the pulled pork sandwich was ok, but honestly it's an unusual pick for us, we both think they need veggies to lighten the sandwich up. But the rib platter was f'ing amazing. HOLY CRAP. This is some quality meat here folks. The meat isn't dripping in sauce so the flavors of the meat shine through. And holy cow, the beef rib is incredible. I had never tried it before but it is literally fall off the bone delicious. 

You must check this place out!
Allow me to begin with " ummmmmhmmmm, that bbq is so good it will make your shoes fall off!"  Or something like that from my time in the deep south.  I've decided to try one item at a time, starting with pulled pork. I ordered for carry out, and had to stand around until my "table" was up for service.  There does not seem to be a distinguishing of take away orders vs table service, so expect to wait.  The only area in which to do so is a service station and I had to keep moving about.

The pulled pork was worth the travel and wait time.  The meat is tender but holds together.  It has an intense smoke flavor and mild flavorful sauce.  I'm thrilled to have ordered 1lb so I can pig out and still have some to share.

Go here.
Until Rollin Smoke opened up, the barbeque  in Las Vegas was HORRIBLE!

The guys at Rollin Smoke know their BARBEQUE !!!  Everything on the menu is fantastic!!  More specifically, the pulled pork, the brisket and the meatloaf.

This is the only place in Vegas to get GREAT barbeque; and to make things even better, they are Razorback fans!!

If you're in Vegas and you're lookin for some great food; stop by Rollin Smoke!!

Woo Pig Soooie!!!!
This place is awesome! Delicious BBQ, great prices and very friendly staff. The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get. The all you can eat is the best deal on the menu. I would definitely recommend that people venture off the strip for delicious food.
I have been eating at Rollin Smoke since the first day it opened its doors over a year ago. I can say, without a doubt, this is by far the BEST BBQ joint in Las Vegas. Some of my favorites are the spudtastic, brisket BBQ loaded fries, catfish platter, shrimp plate, and watermelon salad! Their signature BBQ sauce is mouthwatering. This place is only getting better as business grows. Family owned true authentic Arkansas BBQ you don't want to miss. An added bonus is the super sexy Arkansas stud muffins that run the place! Check it out!
This place has awesome ribs. I got the rib platter with 3 different meats. Beef, pork, n brisket. All were tender n flavorful. For my first time here I was quite satisfied.
Best BBQ I've had in Vegas!  The bam bam size beef rib was fall off the bone tender, so tender the lady at the next table was trying to put her beef rib in her to go box and the meat from the rib slipped off the bone into her lap :). The spare ribs and baby back ribs were good, but unfortunately after eating the beef rib first, it just didn't compare.  The BBQ sauce here is the perfect mix of sweet, tangy, and spicy.  And the list of sides makes it hard to decide...unfortunately they were out of fried okra so instead I had a side of corn nuggets, and these things are magical, imagine deep fried cream of corn.  The customer service is great as well, they come around and check on you a few times to make sure you are enjoying the experience.  As I'm writing this review, I'm already planning my next order....perhaps beef rib with beef brisket and I'm determined to have some fried okra next time!
Do not pass this by.  I had the three meat combo. The chicken was delicious, the ribs amazing and tender, and the pulled pork was DAM GOOD!!!
Amazing food! Incredible service! Stop reading this and go there now, you won't be sorry. 

Las Vegas did not have Barbeque until Rolling Smoke opened, thank God they are here.

Everything about this place is GREAT!  I could go on for paragraphs about the food.  We ordered some of everything,  even the catfish. 

Brisket - AMAZING (not fatty,  cooked perfect),  Pulled Pork - OUT OF THIS WORLD, Spare Ribs - MOUTH WATERING, Chicken- VERY GOOD (it may have been touch dry but I couldn't tell because I covered it in their delicious sauce), Catfish - one of the best I have had,  light crispy and flavored perfect a  definite surprise for a BBQ joint.  There is basically no dish on the menu that you can go wrong with, even the sides were great.

Now about the service:

I was worried when we pulled up;  the place is small and there was literally a line out the door (Saturday night dinner).  Remarkably,  the line was so quick we barely waited - I don't know how they did it but it was perfect.  We got amazing personal service and it was quick (figure that one out).  If the food is amazing,  then the service is AMAZING x10!

After we placed out order our waiter,  a younger guy with blonde dread lock type hair, delivered it to our table.  The place was packed,  I had been watching the waiter and he never stood still  or stopped moving,  it was BUSY but he took the time to tell us about each dish and came back 3 times to see if we liked everything. Not only did he come by the but the Chef came over to each table to welcome the customers,  tell them about the dishes and make sure they liked everything.  We even had one more guy from the kitchen come over and check on us.  It was amazing service,  you just don't get service like that in Vegas anymore.  You can see everyone obviously loves their job and loves that restaurant - the attitude a made the place fun and enjoyable to a whole different level.  I can't say enough good things about our waiter,  he was 5 star service and just a nice guy- we would probably go back for him alone but the food is the shining star of this place.

The only regret I have is that I forgot to buy Barbeque sauce to take home,  good excuse to go back this week :)
Decided to go back and give it another try. The food was good the first couple times I was there. I walked in about the same time this other fellow did and we stood there waiting for somebody to take our order. This young man came out brought some food for a table so I know he saw us, place is not that big. He went into the back and never came back out. We stood there for awhile and I left. Never and that's a log time will I return.
This is what I've been looking for a good BBQ place that when you walk in you can smell the smoke. You know there not joking here I had the pulled pork sand and yams. The sauce has a nice bite to it and the pork is cooked to perfection, to add they don't kill it with a big piece of bread for the sandwich it's just the right size. Nice and clean and the price is fair
Looks dodgy from the outside, but is absolutely amazing. Some of the best ribs I ever had, and really cheap. Perfect meeting place to go to with family and friends, very easy going atmosphere. This definitely was one of the highlights of my stay in Las Vegas!
No matter how hard I try, there is no way I can come close to the amazing beef and pork ribs I had here.
Amazing smoke, juicy and tender beef with a crispy black crunch bark that can only come from heaven.
This is my newest best spot whenever I visit Vegas.
No alcohol but you know what? This little dive doesn't need it!
We just ate there again, one thing that has to be found in a good restaurant IMHO is consistency, there is no point in having a place that on one night can serve a great meal and the next night it sucks.

Well Rollin Smoke keeps delivering fantastic BBQ, end of story, I cannot recommend this place enough.
Serious BBQ!! Dusty really knows his stuff!!

I ordered the mixed rib platter minus the babies, and instead subbed another beef rib. To round out my meal was the loaded mash and I added some greens. I won't be hungry again until at least this time tomorrow!!

Rollin' Smoke's rub compliments the flavor of both the beef and spare ribs nicely. I added a little of their spicy BBQ sauce because I like my BBQ to have a bit of a kick. The spareribs were perfect and the beef ribs were very impressive. Smokey but not overpowering. Dusty came to my table and asked how everything was, and I couldn't compliment him enough. He shared his technique on how he preps the beef ribs. I guess I'll be back, because I certainly don't have that kind of patience!!

If you're in Vegas craving BBQ, this is the place to go. The portions are big, the prices extremely fair, and the atmosphere removes you from the strip and puts you in a true BBQ joint that you leave smelling smokey! This is real BBQ and not that over salty crap that Famous guy prepares in several spots around town.
Excellent! Can't say enough good stuff about this place. The BBQ sauce is incredible and the Brisket falls apart and is so moist. This is my new favorite place.
best bbq in vegas.  they used to have real brewed iced tee.  they replaced it with this fountain thing and i asked the owner whats up with the fake iced tee fountain.  he looked me in the eye and told me a balled faced lie that it was an automatic tee brewing machine.  LIER!!!!!!!!!!!!!  next time i came in i saw his son changing out the
plastic bag of bs gmo garbage fake asss iced tee.  i'll never eat there again.  

scum bags

too bad cause i really love there food.  its legit real bad asss down home food.
the owner is lying scum.
Definitely love the beef ribs here. The second time I went, the beef rib wasn't as big as the first time I had them, but it was still a hearty rib. The baby backs and spare ribs are both delicious. The spicy BBQ sauce is awesome. This is my go-to spot for BBQ. I'll have to try the outlaw burger sometime, but with ribs this good how can I stop myself from ordering a big rib platter???
Had the 1/2 rack baby backs. Great flavor and tender meat. There BBQ sauce is a winner. The yams has candied pecans as a topping. Nice touch. This place doesn't have the best location but who cares when the food is this GOOD!
Not impressed!  I was looking forward to BBQ at its best but maybe I shouldn't have ordered take out!  

First of all, out of brisket...7 pm on a Tuesday night...REALLY?!  It is a tiny place and you could've lobbed a grenade and not hit anyone!

The fried onion rings were soggy, the spare ribs and baby-back ribs were the fattyest I've ever had, not to mention dry and chewy!  Mac n cheese was like KFCs and berry cobbler was unremarkable.

I'll chalk this experience to maybe an off night and give it one more shot.  The sauce was excellent...with just enough heat.
little disappointed. couldnt tell pork and brisket apart.. chicken was overcooked. cobbler and potato salad were excellent. would give a second chance
**Summary**
       - AYCE - They have a $25 AYCE, anything on the menu deal. I'd suggest people doing this so you can try a little of everything.
       - Authentic BBQ - Walking in, you can smell this place knows how to BBQ. They have smokers in the back. That's how you know they're the real deal.
       - Hole in the Wall - The location is located on Highland Drive. Yep, it's the same seedy highland drive with all the strip joints.
**Ordered**
       - Pulled Pork - I've had a lot of pulled pork in my day, but nothing as tender and mouth watering as this. It's a must order.
       - Brisket - Not like the dry briskets you'll get elsewhere. Their brisket is tender and flavorful.
       - Beef Rib, Baby Back - Very meaty. Like I mean, TONS of meat on this bone. However, it's not really fall off the bone.
       - Baby Back and Spare Ribs - The flavor of their rub and BBQ sauce is delicious, but the meat wasn't too tender.
       - Catfish - Deep fried to perfection, but lacking in spices I'd say.
       - Bacon Potato Salad - If you like potato salad, adding sweet sweet bacon to it is a no brainer.
       - Corn Bread - Moist and hot out of the oven. You can't go wrong with corn bread.

**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place if you like BBQ. The brisket and pulled pork were my favorites.
I came here on my most recent vegas trip after finding it on yelp. The waiter at the front was super helpful at helping explain the menu to me. Food was very decently priced and this spot is located about 10 minutes from the strip. I ordered the 3 item combo with brisket ribs and hot links. I enjoyed the hot links and ribs but the brisket was slightly dry for my taste. Service was excellent here I felt at home. Will be back on my next trip to vegas
I'm pretty stingy with my 5-star ratings but this place wins all five.  Was craving BBQ this evening and fired up Yelp.  Proximity search brought this place to the top of the list and I headed over.

From the outside, the place looks like a real hole in the wall, which it is...this place has soul.  Before you even walk through the doors, the aroma of smoked meats sets forth the salivary glands into full production.

I ordered the Trio plate with pulled pork, spare ribs and brisket with a side of hush puppies.  For the money, the volume of food is a very good value.  I managed to eat about 3/4 of the plate and the leftovers easily comprised a separate meal.   The flavor of the meat was delicious and the sauce complemented the meal perfectly.  Even the hush puppies had a nice underlying spice to them that was quite addicting.  Something as simple as properly seasoning hush puppies tells me there is attention to detail here. 

Good food can get you four stars but its the staff that pushed it to five for me.  They were incredibly friendly and upbeat.  You can tell when a place is well-run by just listening to how they interact with each other.  It was clear that this staff really cares about what they do and have a passion for their craft.

Thanks for a great meal!
We were in Las Vegas towards the end of Sept.  We were there in May also.  We ate at a lot of the very expensive restaurants.  Rollin Smoke was easily, easily the best meal we had at any price.  It was also the best BBQ any in my family had ever eaten.  And, everyone at the restaurant was friendly and gracious.  If someone offered me a free meal at Wolfgang Puck's Cut (we ate there also) or Rollin Smoke I go to Rollin Smoke.
My first 5 star.....hard to find....amazing bbq
So Rollin' Smoke has been bookmarked for a good 6 months prior to our visit. Imagine the expectations that build up in 6 months; I already knew what I was going to have.

Pulled Pork Sandwich combo: I was pressured to get hush puppies, which were good for hush puppies (they have a little zing/spice to them from the jalapeo they mix in which made them better than average). As far as the pulled pork, it was some of the best I've had (although fattier than what I've had recently) however the bun it was served on left much to be desired. It was a hoagie type roll with sesame seeds, so the pork was trying to soak through the seem. Thankfully the sandwich didn't last long enough for me to make a huge mess of it. 

Meat Duo: brisket and pulled pork. Jason said he's had better brisket, and prefers Memphis (cause he's a square!) but the pulled pork was good. 

Check in dessert: Butterfinger Bread Pudding: it was tasty, good texture for a bread pudding- I would probably order a regular bread pudding if they were on special when we come back.

We both really liked the sauces they offer on the table (we tried the spicy and sweet sauces) and the service was friendly. They were definitely happy to have gained our business and made sure we really enjoyed our food. 

We'll be back.
Went back for my second try.   Better this time, but not great!  The workers are all very nice!

Again, I got takeout. Brisket was ALL fat and inedible!!  Beef rib was small, but thick; had good flavor, but the top was too charred and crusty.

The pulled pork and dark-meat chicken was wonderful!  I don't usually order hushpuppies, because I think they're dull. I heard there's had a "kick"-I wasn't disappointed with that!

The sauce was fabulous!  It is very spicy, which I like.  If you don't like the heat...stay out of this kitchen!  I think they must give the questionable stuff to takeout customers so they don't have to hear you complain.

Not sure I'll go back.
Excellent BBQ and deserts. The hotlinks have the perfect amount of spice and the brisket has an amazing smoke flavor:-))
If I could add more stars for this review I would. Let me be brief. If you are in Vegas and you have a soul, go to Rollin Smoke and let them satisfy you. Their BBQ is possibly the best I've ever had. The beef ribs are out of this world. Lord, the Jalapeo cole slaw?!? and those cream corn poppers?!??...need I say more? It's a hidden gem just off the strip. Plenty of parking and seating inside. The service is great, everyone is friendly. I've been three times now and the last time I decided to be a hero and take an order back to my family in LA. The waiters carefully packed my meal in a foil carrier and even added dessert as a bonus. I've had the pleasure of meeting the chef and his wife, they are very passionate about their restaurant and you can taste it in the food. I LOVE THIS PLACE. YOU MUST VISIT....thank me later. I can no longer visit my grandparents in Vegas without stopping here...oh and maybe hitting a slot machine or two ;)
My first time here and it will not be the last. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. The brisket sandwich meal was delicious!  I would highly recommend Rollin Smoke Barbeque to everyone.
-Reasonable price
-Delicious food
-Extra friendly staff

A couple of friends suggested my fam and I try this place out. Needless to say, we were all very pleased. They had quite a large menu with some pretty excellent deals. The gentleman who took our order was very friendly and was happy to offer recommendations/opinions on certain dishes. We didn't wait very long for our food to be ready. The guy who brought it to our table was personable and excited for us to try it. The dude who took our order came to check on us shortly after to ensure we were happy with our meal and to make small chat (not in the annoying way we've sometimes experienced at other restaurants, he was actually sincere and nice). He told us how he and his fam moved here from the south and we chatted about the show "Grill Masters". 

The food was great! Definitely better than most I've had in the valley and for a much better price. No complaints AT ALL. As long as this place is around, we are never going to Memphis BBQ again. HAHA.
Yum yum yum. This was the best BBQ I've had. My husband had the beef ribs. They were enormous, I had no idea you could get super sized beef ribs like that. I tried a small bite and you can taste the smoked flavor. I had the pork ribs and they were falling off the bone delicious. I also had the jalapeo coleslaw. There was a little spice but not too much it was just right. 

Defiantly a hidden gem. Great service and very fast. We are hooked.
Have been here three times two of the three times my order has been messed up.  Tonight being one of the mess ups in my order I ordered half of slap of spare ribs only got four rids and what I did get was all dried out like eating the bottom of my shoe.  Will go else where next time.
I'm pretty sure I been around since the beginning with these guys. If you read my initial review I gave 4 stars but said, "this is a 3.5 star review in hopes it will soon be a 4" 
Well they went above and beyond and I can officially say Rollin Smoke, you are my favorite BBQ in Vegas! 
It just so happened that right around the time my mom moved to Arkansas. A family BBQ joint with razorbacks stuff everywhere pops up in my city. BBQ being one of my favorites I've dined here at least 6-8 times. Never having a bad experience, although all weren't 5 stars. 
This most recent one I had the pleasure of my mom accompanying me. We had a party of 6 and we were treated like gold. We had ribs, pulled pork, brisket sandwiches, and my new favorite the seafood combo with shrimp and catfish. I'm SUPER picky with my catfish and the batter on this one kills it! We were checked on periodically trough out the meal even though they definitely got busy. 
Also if you've been coming here from the beginning you can really see where they came from. It started out in the parking lot, then the small restaurant, to a full menu, dining room, and painted walls with replicas of the family. 
I'm hoping to see them expand, they deserve it. Well done, full earned, 5 stars on all aspects! Thanks for coming to Vegas!
The other reviews have covered it pretty well. What's really great here is not just wonderful smoked food, but the awesome prices. Get the Pitmaster Special combo, and you'll get 4 meats and 3 sides, with your choice from the 3 breads they make -- all for $20. There is enough food there for 3 adults, or eat some and take some home. Such a deal!  And there is no charge for extra plates. 

The owners run the place, and are always present. They are very friendly, and love to meet new patrons. We loved the meal and the staff so much, we came here a second time during our week in Las Vegas just to try more foods. We loved everything we tried. If they take a liking to you, they just might tell you about some items in the kitchen that are not on the menu. Ask about the bread pudding and sweet potato pie!

What would give it 5 stars?  Esoteric things only. This business has not been in its current location for long. Hopefully they will continue to improve the seating and decor as they go along. 

Dusty, if you are reading this, Hello from California. We'll be back!
I've had bbq all over Vegas and a couple of popular places in St.louis and I can honestly say this place has the best ribs!!

I ordered the Duo meats, ribs and brisket with beans. Comes with a roll and drink. The ribs were "fall off the bones" tender! And that smoke flavor permeated the meat. No sauce needed!

We were checked on a couple times and at the end the gentleman who brought our food out asked if we did Yelp. We were offered free dessert! I know with the "check in" a free dessert was offered with purchase of a sandwich but none of us ordered sandwiches. Only I took him up on it and got a peach cobbler. Good stuff!

Can't wait for our next visit to Vegas!

P.S. If there is an influx of customers from Hawaii........it's because of me!!!!
Being from Kansas City and having Arthur Bryants and Fiorella's Jacks Stack air shipped to me...I know just a tiny bit about BBQ. And BBQ in Vegas to date has left me seriously disappointed. But down in the gritty area across the railroad tracks from the Deja Vu strip club is this little BBQ joint named Rollin Smoke. From the outside it don't look like much. But step inside my friend...and things change. Just sniff. You'll know what's up. That ain't Sysco artificial smoke in a bottle that you'll get a good whiff of, it's the smell of someone who knows what the heck they're doing back in the back. 

Decor wise, it ain't all that. There's Arkansaw Razorbacks banners on the walls, lots of TV's showing ESPN, and two different rooms with various sized tables. Placing an order is easy from the menu being posted right outside the door to having another menu at the counter, other than getting stuck behind someone with a $100 order it was fast. 

Drinks...they have a basic fountain tucked into a small side room that was kinda awkward to get to...and tea. Not sweet tea, not anything special...just tea. I ordered 3 sliders off the lunch menu, 2 brisket, 1 chicken, with a side of beans. If a BBQ place sucks those 3 things plus the tea will tell you more than any of the Top 20 lists and other media crap on the walls ever will. 

Brisket: Cooked to perfection...but I got a lot of extra fat on one slider that disappointed me texture wise. Thankfully they put a big roll of brown paper towels on the table which made it easy to take care of that problem. And the 2nd brisket slider made me start thinking of KC which is another good sign. The chicken was borderline dry but really good. And the beans...well they are not the beans i love from KC, but there was none left when I was done. 

Overall: for those who have never been to any of the BBQ capitals of America a trip here will introduce you to the joy of good BBQ. But for those of us with a little more experience in such things, you leave thinking it's good, it's got mad potential to be more... but it's not great. I have to mention one other rule I have about good BBQ...if local law enforcement eats there, it's typically an indicator of a place worth your time. And I saw a LOT of LVMPD non-uniformed people in there. 

Overall: 4 Stars. I will gladly drive double the distance to skip Memphis Championship BBQ and bring people here. But as good as it is for local fare if I want to have someone try seriously good BBQ, I'll either make it myself or it's going to be air shipped in from Kansas City.
Pretty damned good.

The old saying is that the best food comes from a "hole in the wall" which fits this place perfectly. The dining area(s) are small, but from what I could tell, most people were carrying their food to go anyway. Oh, and don't expect to find it on the strip... do some exploring and you'll find this place a little out-of-the-way.

For a barbecue place, Rollin Smoke has a decent sized menu w/ some more odd options like the baked potato, or giant burgers not usually associated. Their sauce is really good with a nice kick, and spice that adds flavor to anything from ribs to their awesome fries.

Try the sides. I love how they add spice by-way-of jalapenos to macaroni, and beans. 

Is it the best I've had? No, but its close.
I ended up here in an entrapment sort of situation that is a long story....but, man was I super glad. 
I'm from Kentucky(Go, Big Blue!) and I"ve not had barbeque this good since....I lived there. The decor is just kitchy enough to add to the authenticity without being corny. 
You place your order at the counter and then food is brought to you, so we didn't really have a waiter, but everyone was nice and I wasn't without anything that I needed. If you check in on Yelp you get a free dessert. I got Banana Pudding cause duh...and it did not disappoint.
I would give 4 stars but my booth had a hole/gargantuan dip in it so it was kind of like sitting on a porta potty. Get the other booth though and you will be set.
Being from North Carolina, my BBQ standards are pretty high (that goes for the fixins that come with it as well). I'm in the military, so I moved out here from NC almost 3 years ago, and in that amount of time I've never found any place that was up to par with what I considered good BBQ. Memphis isn't very good. Famous Dave's is okay. Lucille's is pretty decent, but for the drive to Henderson (and fairly high price), it's just not worth a regular trip. Then I got tip from a new friend (who was also a fellow North Carolinian) about a place that was a little off the beaten path but well worth it... Rollin Smoke Barbecue. So we decided to give it a try. That leads me to this moment, as I sit here with a full belly typing this review. My wife and I both had the pulled pork sandwich. Her sides were Mac & cheese and potato salad, mine were Mac & cheese and hush puppies. All of which were delicious. The meat was tender, the bbq sauce was delicious and had just a little bit of spice to it. All the sides were awesome. And we washed it all down with the only kind of tea that should exist... SWEET. Then to get our sweet tooth fix we shared some banana pudding that was amazing. Even as I stuffed my face I was studying the menu so I could plan my next visit. Rollin Smoke is the real deal. Great barbecue and extremely friendly staff. If you're a local or just passing through and you're looking for an authentic barbecue experience, Rollin Smoke is where it's at!
I wanted to like this place, I really did. We ordered one of the combo things for $35 and it was a lot of food! I was stoked to try it but when I found a pubic hair in our Mac and cheese I just couldn't. I didn't have the heart to say anything but it really ruined it. So gross.
Had the pulled pork and hotlink. The pork was pretty good, as was the hot link.  Better than most places I have been but not the best.  Rollin Smoke BBQ is of the strip so if you are walking as I was expect about a 20 minute jaunt from the Wynn properties.  Their BBQ sauce is good but I would avoid their beans...
Yum, friendly, cheap. low key joint a bit off the strip (need wheels to get there).
I WENT HOG WILD!!!!
Tim the Chef OMG he cooks the best greens ever. These people are so kind and the place is so clean. I had the best time eating catfish & greens. I did taste my husband's dish he had pull pork. I also took pictures of the food and Chef Tim also posed for my profile picture. I give them ten stars I think this is the best BBQ in Vegas thus far. I will return ASAP.
As you enter, the pungent odor of the BBQ smoke greets your nose. Most of the customers seem to be local regulars who come for takeout. A few simple booths and a small dining room, walk up ordering, not fancy in the least but great BBQ. We had the sample platter for 4 plus a rack of St. Louis Ribs, sides of hushpuppies fried okra and greens. The okra was our favorite. The ribs were great, as was the pulled pork. The chicken was good but not outstanding. Give it a try for a totally off the strip authentic experience.
Have been there a few times and I will keep coming back. I have tried the ribs, beef brisket, links and they are all great. I love the yams....not to sweet but with a hint of brown sugar and pecans...awesome.It is a hidden treasure...try it you will love it.
The barbecue was great but the side dishes need to bigger for Catering, like beans n Mac cheese.
This was pretty good barbecue. The service was top notch. I had the all you could eat so I could sample. I had the catfish, ribs, chicken, and shrimp. Sides were Mac and cheese, and beans.

Catfish could have used some more seasoning.
Rib meat fell off of the bone.
Chicken was good, but skin was a little tough
Shrimp was delicious.
I have had better beans. But I was surprised by the Mac and cheese. It was very tasty.
I give this place a 0 on a scale of 1-10; 10 being the highest. Worst customer service. This place argued with me and wasn't welcoming at all. Although, the food might have been good enough for its pricing, I surely did not have a good expeirence.
Exceptional smoking of the meats. Good potato salad side, the corn bread was original and tasty, pulled pork was particularly good and the ribs were great. I am a BBQ freak and try new places often. Portions were generous. The portions for this my second visit were larger than the last time I visited. (about 6 months ago).

This is the 6th local BBQ joint I have tried and the best so far. 

Definitely top tier.
I went here on word of mouth, and, I have to say, this place is definitely worth it. I'm from the South (Georgia and Florida) and think this place is really close to my ideal restaurant. I got the pulled pork sandwich and a side of greens. Wasn't to keen on the hoagie roll (mainly because I'm used to pulled pork on hamburger buns), but that's inconsequential due to the fact that the pork was awesome. This is my main method of judging BBQ joints and they passed with flying colors. Added to that, the greens were perfect. If you've been missing collards, mustard, or turnip greens, this is a great combination of all three. Definitely check in first so you can get the dessert. I didn't but the server didn't mind adding the order, which was nice because of the consideration. I got the banana pudding which was good, but I would have liked to have had some bananas in it. Just preference, really, because the overall flavor was inline with what I wanted. Additionally, the service was very courteous and friendly. Overall, it would be really unfortunate to miss this place especially because there are so few good BBQ restaurants in this town. Check it out. This place is worth it.
Great food nice clean place! No real BBQ in Vegas and this place is it, let me tell you! Even got a chance to chat with the Owner and the PItmaster! They are both VERY proud of what they do and obviously use the best meats and veggies! FYI get the BBQ meatloaf! Friggin awesome!
I haven't written a review in a long time, but I felt compelled to after eating at this place last week.  I came across it on a whim (appointment in the area), and it's one of the best BBQ experiences I've had in recent memory.

I chose the two-meat combo, beef brisket and pulled pork (the old favorites).  Waited about 15 minutes for the food during the busy lunch hour (there was a line out the door).  Both choices were tender and delicious.  I also overheard some people talking about the baby back ribs, so I'd like to try that my next visit in.

My only complaint (minus a star) is the fact that they don't tell you that they put pickles and green onions as garnish on the plate.  Call me traditional, but I don't like it when vegetables "taint" my meat.  As soon as they touch the rest of the food, the flavor has been compromised.  So, if you're like me (no one is), save yourself some trouble and ask for "no greens."
I'm from LA and I'm coming to this place every time I go to Vegas.  This place is awesome.  Try their bake potato "fabulous!"
If you love bbq then this is the only spot you need to come! Real wood real smoke, real flavor!
I'm a bit picky when it comes to BBQ.  Rollin smoke BBQ definitely is a legit place!  AWESOME food as well as service!  A must now every time I'm in Vegas!
Not too fancy on the outside but the food here rocks with flavor! Such a great value for all the southern treats you have been craving. I'm from San Diego and WISH this place were closer so that I could frequent it weekly. Service was A+  and the cook came by to offer us samples of the various cobblers and bread pudding. I thought I had died and gone to heaven!
My Dad always said the very best BBQ are always found in a Hole-in-the-wall-joints and that continues to stand true here! This BBQ joint appears to be the perfect example of this and is incredible! The Pit Special provides a perfect meal of four types of meat and three sides, capable of feeding two adults easily (fed me, my wife, and our 7yr old son). The Corn Nuggets are an absolute MUST! For dessert we had the Butterfingers Bread Pudding a-la-mode, and it was a fine finish to an enjoyable meal of BBQ bliss.
How does one put into words the experience of tasting great BBQ?  Rollin Smoke that's how.

Went here tonight with my father and this place far exceeded our expectations.  I thought it was so unique this place offers "all you can eat" for anything and everything on the menu.  I was personally on a mission to devour some St. Louis style BBQ ribs, greens and some "kickin beans" and.........well I can say this: "If these are not served in heaven, then I shall not go"  absolutely remarkable and hands down the very best BBQ in Vegas.  Don't let the "hole in the wall" location fool you, it will be one of the best BBQ experiences of your life.  The owner is very pleasant and takes a great deal of pride in what they serve.  Service was great and food was even better.   THIS IS A MUST VISIT!
Of course, they make the best Q in town. They're from Arkansas! We know barbecue! 

This is the best you can get here and likely anywhere else, too. This is (unlike Memphis) is REALLY competition quality. Freaking amazing and made with love. Honestly, this is homemade that you can buy.
So glad we found this place. This will be the new go to joint for sure when we come to vegas. Love the fact that it's off strip. Had the brisket with waffle fries, side of loaded and mac and cheese. Everything was great and not overtop in sauce, flavor or size.
This place was awesome! My girlfriend and I just got back from a trip to Texas, where we had our share of BBQ.  I was still in the mood for more when we got back to Vegas, and we found this place on Yelp.  The spudtastic was A MAZ ing!  Loaded with pulled pork (my g/f got brisket on hers and loved it too), shredded cheddar, sour cream and onions.  I actually ordered the $24.99 all-you-can-eat.  I couldn't believe it at first, but it really was as much of anything on the menu as you can eat, as long as you eat what you order.  Awesome deal!  My only regret - not going with a bigger appetite because I was too full to try the desserts.  We'll definitely be going back for more baby ribs, more potato salad, more spuds and dessert...OH, and the meatloaf was great (and I'm not a meatloaf person)!  Thanks to the guys at Rollin Smoke!
this place was defenately worth the off the strip ride.
Went back for my second try.   Better this time, but not great!  The workers are all very nice!

Again, I got takeout. Brisket was ALL fat and inedible!!  Beef rib was small, but thick; had good flavor, but the top was too charred and crusty.

The pulled pork and dark-meat chicken was wonderful!  I don't usually order hushpuppies, because I think they're dull. I heard there's had a "kick"-I wasn't disappointed with that!

The sauce was fabulous!  It is very spicy, which I like.  If you don't like the heat...stay out of this kitchen!  I think they must give the questionable stuff to takeout customers so they don't have to hear you complain.

Not sure I'll go back.

OK, SO I'VE BEEN BACK A FEW TIMES SINCE THE LAST REVIEW...THE TRICK IS GPING IN AND ORDERING AT THE PODIUM. Whether eating there or taking to go.  You order and pay first, I leave a generous tip, and get the best BBQ ever since!
So I decided to quit my job, and as a "victory" lap, I came directly to Rollin Smoke to get my mind off my troubles.  I asked for the trio meal, with brisket, pork and baby back ribs, but they refused me.  They said they could add the baby backs to the duo meal for an extra $6.  Not wanting to get off the "high" of quitting my job, I relented.

This time I asked for no greens and they obliged.  When the meal came, the food was cold. (It was about 7:30pm; they close at 8:30.)  I tried not to let it get me down.  The $6 baby backs amounted to exactly two (2) bones.  And I'm not even quite sure I got the baby backs, because they were meaty and chewy (and cold), resembling St. Louis ribs (which I could have gotten at a discount).  Anyway, that's not my biggest complaint.  This time, for some reason, I found the BBQ sauce to be very spicy.  I don't recall it being spicy the first time around (otherwise, I would have marked it down).  So for those of you keeping count -- I recommend the brisket and the pork but NOT the "baby back ribs" -- and also, come here during lunch, when the food is presumably fresher and hotter.  Aside from that, I think I'm done here.  Not that I can afford to eat anymore, now that I'm an unemployed bum.

Merry Christmas.  I'm going to kill myself.
Rolling Smoke is easily the best BBQ in Vegas! The "Biggin - Dad's Favorite" is the best BBQ sandwich I have ever had. Layers of flavor with hot link, then pulled pork, and then topped with amazing brisket. I slather on the homemade BBQ for an otherworldly eating experience. Get the baked beans, fried okra, and cornnugget sides for that authentic southern BBQ experience. 
The family begs me to take them back almost every night - this place is worth the effort to find. AWESOME!
From a southern bbq cook who makes a lot of it, this is some of the best i've had outside of dixie.These two brothers& their crew have got it goin on- cooked over real wood not in a oven. If you want the real deal go by & see these boys , you will be happy.
Not sure how I have not reviewed Rollin as I 've been here at least 5-6 times.   On my first visit I had the brisket sandwich and the rib combo which comes with their spareribs, baby back ribs, and beef ribs.

I'm a Texas BBQ snob and although I cant get my Texan BBQ fix, Rollin Smoke is about the best you'll get in Vegas and they do their beef ribs perfect.....falls off the bone, tender, juicy, and so delicious you'll be in a meat coma.  

Speaking of meat coma, I was talked into getting their AYCE the last 2 times for $25. This is the best value because you can literally get EVERYTHING on the menu but their portions for regular items are huge.   For AYCE, i typically get alot of beef ribs, get some brisket, and catfish.  Their catfish is perfectly fried with a nice crust and I squeeze a little lemon on it and pour a little hot sauce and i devour every bite of it.

Their desserts, cobblers are great too.  AND this place is open till 1:30 on fri/sats.  Also good for groups - came with a group of 10-12 people and they sat us all easy.  This place is a locals gem and i often see tourists finding their way here.  Def one of Vegas's best!
On our last visit to Las Vegas we decide to try Rollin Smoke BBQ.  We arrived at around 6PM and they were already out of brisket.  It is what I use as a benchmark for BBQ so I can only provide feedback based on what we had.  We opted for the Baby back ribs and the beef ribs.  Overall the food was great.  I would certainly recommend the beef ribs.  They were fantastic and meaty.  The service was prompt.  This is a dive so don't expect a fabulous setting, but we knew that going in.  The staff were very friendly and the place was packed.
This place is marvelous. Great Barbeque and Southern cooking. I am thrilled to have found it on Yelp and its now part of my very short "must eat at" list of restaurants.
This place has the best beef ribs in town. Beef ribs are hard to find so when you find some as great as these, you just have to write a review about them. Fantastic!!
The Beef Brisket Burger is absolutely delicious!  Lots of great items on the menu and they always have some specials as well.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.

It's an easy to get to location between the strip and the 15 on Highland.

 I will definitely be back for more of the excellent food!
Short review (to be followed by a longer review): OH MY GOD. Catfish! Ribs! YUM!
I have bookmarked this joint a while back and finally managed to swing by today.  I was heading toward Spring Mountain through the south off ramp from the I-15 flyway to get my pho sesh when I realized that Rollin' Smoke was right off Highland Drive.  I don't know about y'all, but there is only one thing I do in this industrial area at involves poles and minimal clothing, so yeah....great place to put a BBQ establishment!

I decided to go with something not too heavy, not knowing that a light meal here is equivalent to a light meal in Hawaii...no such things as smeediums here.  The sandwiches offer a check in discount to include some dessert as well.  I ended up saving mine after being more than satisfied following my meal.

I opted for the Outlaw, for those that know, you know.  It comes with a brisket burger, deep fried onion crisps, there very own BBQ sauce, cheddar cheese on a lightly toasted bun and topped with some pickles and peppers.  Additionally, I made it a meal and added fried okra on the side.  

The meal came out rather quickly, considering that there were other patrons that were there before me, but have not yet gotten their dishes...and when their dishes did come out, it wasn't anything huge or extravagant.  So note to self, burgers and sandwiches come with the quickness.

However, there is something about burgers that in now way humanly possible can fit into anyone's mouth, no matter how much you smash it down by hand.  I had to cut the bad boy into 4's in order to get it down without getting cited for indecency.  Kinda like getting a salad from a place that serves it on the smallest petrie dish ever constructed...I never seemed to ever get the logic in that.  But seriously, I'd rather complain about my meal being way over sized versus being a meal for an action figure.  

One thing I noticed though, they do not ask how you would like your burger, meaning that it comes standard as what looked to be medium rare plus, but not quite well.  It was moist and flavorful, but started to toughen up towards the end when it cooled off.  The Okra was on point and the BBQ is a nice compliment.  

The decor is like most BBQ joints that is accustomed to getting thrashed following a nice serving, evidenced by the whole paper towel rolls at each table.  There is no sense getting all done up if you are there to get dirty.  Yet, there was three flat screens playing three different ESPN channels, always a good sign.  The place appears to stick to it's Arkansas roots and has the Razorback Fight Song posted on the wall in the extended dining room.

What rubbed me the wrong way was that I dropped a few bucks in the tip bucket right in front of the waiter, and he did not even acknowledge it.  That was disturbing since I actually clean up after myself pretty well.  I almost felt like sticking my hand back in the bucket like I was fishing for catfish, but oh well, I may be making too big a deal about it. 

I definitely want to come back to try the ribs and other offerings, so if its BBQ you want, this is the place to be.
Best BBQ!!! Must go!!! They have all you can eat BBQ. And it's not crappy buffet style.  It's made to order every single time!!! Definitely great to come with friends and family!!  
Ordered the beef rib and the meat is falling off the bone. Short ribs too. And their seafood is delicious.
After trying most of the bbq restaurants around town, including the chain bbq places, Rollin Smoke BBQ is the real deal! SIMPLY THE BEST BBQ IN TOWN, the sides and the seafood are great too!!! Do yourself a favor, and treat yourself!!! Bring your family, bring your friends, hell, bring everyone!!! I guarantee you will love it!!! (I posted some of my food pictures here, so check it out!)
The night before, I had dinner at the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars. Their brisket was dry...so I decided to venture forth for better smoked meat. 

Yelp led me to Rollin Smoke. 

This place is the definition of a hole in the wall (which made the contrast with the Bacchanal Buffet all the more pronounced). There's a strip club two doors down. Do not judge the book by its cover.

I ordered at the counter and got the 3-meat combo (brisket, pulled pork, pork ribs) with a side of onion strings and a piece of catfish. Everything was incredibly delicious. The pork rib, particularly, stood out among the meats  - tons of meat, falling-off-the-bone, great smoked flavor. 

But the catfish was the star. There was a delicious coarse cornbread breading...like a hushpuppy around the fish. Unreal!

Maybe it was because I was eating alone, but there was something magical and welcoming about the atmosphere (a weird word to use for a hole-in-the-wall...) There was a stuffed boar watching me from the corner; i filled up my soda club in a dark closet, but the whole thing was unaccountably perfect. 

One of the DJs from the strip club came in and ate the taller, biggest burger I've ever seen. The two of us chatted with one of the other patrons about how great the BBQ is here. The owner (manager?) noticed that I had done a Yelp checkin and gave me a free dessert (I hadn't even asked). And just as soon as I was wondering how I was going to get back to Caesars...a cabdriver walked in to check out the place. 

I really wanted to go back the next night to try the beef ribs and maybe the baked beans, but alas...it wasn't in the cards.

My mouth is watering for my next trip to Vegas. 

One small note: Rolling Smoke closes kind of early (8 or 8:30) during the week, but it's open late on Fri and Sat. 

Go there now. You won't be sorry.
If there is any reason to venture off the strip... this is it!!!

OMG!!!!! Such good BBQ. I ordered the baby back ribs. They were perfect.  Smokey, tender and falling off the bone. The sides were also amazing. It is not very often you can go to a BBQ spot spot and every one of the sides are on point. Seriously!! I went with three friend so we got I think one of each of the sides (Mac n cheese, fried okra, jalapeno coleslaw, bacon potato salad, baked beans). I am getting hungry just thinking about it. Oh and before I forget, I LOVE pickles and they serve homemade pickles, sweet and spicy and a party in your mouth. LOL... Really though, I told them they should jar them and sell them. I would definitely have bought a jar. 

This place will be incorporated into EVERY trip to Vegas. Mmmm Mmmm Good!!!
I go to Texas at least once a year and always make it a point to eat some really good bbq because I could never find anything as good in Vegas....until now.
I recommend anyone coming to Vegas to always consider trying spots off the strip because you'll always find hidden gems like this one. The best bbq west of the Mississippi hands down! The brisket is tender and the baby back ribs have a ton of meat & fall right off the bone. I recommend the kicken beans and the loaded mash potatoes for sides. The catfish here is very good and melts in your mouth! Place is actually known for their meatloaf and their outlaw burger. The staff is very courteous, friendly and hard working. They put a lot of love in the food that's for sure!!
Barbeque is dear to my heart - wait, I done said that before ain't I? Damn, I'm starting to sound like a broken wagon wheel. Well hell, I ain't ashamed to say it - I love me some barbeque!    Yeehaw!

I spent a good bit a time in Texas, so it ain't no surprise Texas barbeque ranks up there on my list of the some of the best eats this here world's got to offer - brisket, ribs, sausage and of course, smoke. There's this little barbeque shack in Austin that smokes its brisket for 16 hours, can you believe that - 16 hours? It comes out crispy and as black as coal on the outside but just as juicy as all get out on the in, with the prettiest pink smoke ring, it just about makes you wanna cry. Why, I spect it's about as close to heaven as one could ask for. The fella who runs this place is a real arteest - leavin' just the perfect amount a fat to make that brisket as moist as a Guadalupe mud pie. Anyway, when I thinks of barbeque, well, that's what comes to mind.

So it ain't no surprise to the folks that knows me that Rolling Smoke Barbeque just doesn't cut the brisket - or rather, it cuts too much of the brisket. Where's my crispy, burnt, smoky edge, where's my juicy, tender beef, and where's my smoke ring - what the hell did you do with my smoke ring? Boy, angels is weeping in Amarillo.

Now don't get me started on them there sausages - they's got so much flavor, why did you have to go and overcook it like that? I mean this stuff was drier than a West Texas desert. It's a good thing them corn fritters was damn tasty (course, I'd had better) or I'da went to bed hungry that night.

Okay, I'll admit it, for Vegas this shit ain't bad - hell it just might be the best barbeque joint in town, but that's no damn excuse. 

For pete's sake stop cutting off the good stuff  for dem sissy-pant  intellectual types from Henderson. They's so terrified of this part of town anyway, they drive in and out of here so fast you'd think their asses was on fire. 

This is barbeque dammit! People's food. We knows its got fat, we knows its got calories, we knows it ain't healty, but that's the way we likes it - if we's wanted healthy we'd go to Henderson. Besides, it'a give us a chance to put a scare in dem locals up there.

Shit gets a 3 cause this is Vegas, but don't go thinkin I'm all happy or anythin'. Ya'll make me miss Texas.
Y'all want some good BBQ. Come on in!

I love that they serve beef ribs and I mean these are like Flintstones size ribs. Speaking of Flintstones they also have these huge smoked turkey legs.

My favorite is definitely their smoked meatloaf topped with BBQ sauce and fried onion strings over some rib sticking (no pun intended) mash potatoes. And  if that were not enough a side of their corn fritters dusted with magic.  

Not in the mood for meatloaf, try their famous "Outlaw Burger" and try to finish this in one sitting...waffle fries too!

Don't forget to sip some of their wonderful sweet tea and save room for one of their delicious desserts like their banana pudding.  

The food and service just don't disappoint!!!!
Man...thank you Nelson Q for checking in! I came right after he left! We had the Pulled Piggy sandwich for $7.99 and the Trio Choice Plate which gives you a choice of 3 meats. We got the brisket, pork, and 2 spare ribs for $13.99. Oh it was divine! The meat on the spare ribs just slips right off of the bone, and the pulled pork was just juicy and full of that smokey flavor.

The owner conversed with us for a bit, and based on his choice of decor in the place, you can tell hes an Arkansas fan. He was super humble and couldn't stop being grateful for all the Yelpers who had Yelped about this place. He also helped us with making choices. With a party of two he suggested the trio plate and the pulled pork sandwich if we wanted to have variety since the plates were more than enough to share. We chose beans and mac and cheese as our sides, and I tell you it was also just as good and homemade tasting as the meats! He also told us a little bit about the process in which they smoke the meats in their smoker right behind the restaurant, and smokes it for 16 hours (no wonder it's so good!). He wanted give Las Vegas a taste of good old Arkansas bbq, and he sure did!

When you check in you get a free pie with your meal! I got the sweet potato, ala mode of course! Super delish, and a must try. I will see you soon. Hands down one of my favorite places to eat.
Amazing smoked meatloaf w/ mashed potatoes & onion straws! Definitely a must go to BBQ joint when in Vegas.
Ended up yelping up a place to grab some bbq.  We ordered bbq fries and baby back ribs, both were delicious.  Lee, the owner I believe, was very helpful making sure we had everything we needed.   Will be going back next time we are in  Vegas we will visiting. 

Highly recommended for fantastic food (get the bbq fries) and the amazing customer service.
I wanted to like this place. Came very highly recommended, but fell very short! I think I'm being generous with 3 stars. Would not recommend or go back. 

More details coming, but Barbie's review is dead on. Bland, not tender. Owner or dude in front was nice. Employee was last with a simple question.
Top Notch!!! The food was amazing, service was almost better than the food and that's saying a lot. Dusty was super friendly, very hospitable to myself and my girlfriend. Being raised back east, it felt good to finally go to a restaurant and actually feel wanted!!!! Thank you guys! Definitely get the ribs and the brisket, melts in your mouth and the ribs fall off the bone, perfect amount of fat and the smokey flavor is unreal, you can literally taste the smoke before you put the ribs in your mouth. From start to finish just awesome, we will be back time and time again. Keep rolling out the great food guys, it's humbling to see people have a dream and follow it through.
Amazing BBQ joint. My husband and I found it from yelp a few months ago and have been back many times since.. We have been satisfied with the food and staff every visit.
The Outlaw Burger is without question the best burger in town. 1/4 ground chuck and 4 Oz of brisket combine to make this one for the ages. I had a serious food coma ( otherwise known as the ITIS ) after the having this monster. I will certainly be having it again. Besides $24.99 for all you can eat (made to order) BBQ? How can you pass up the goodness here? You can't!!
Brisket was amazing, ordered the party pack got some of everything and it was all really good, then the ribs came. The baby back ribs were great. Thanks for the great service also.
Made the mistake of showing up right before closing.  Ordered the trio.  The chicken was like beef jerky and dry, I guess from sitting all day.  The brisket was good and the ribs were pretty good.  I drove a long ways to get there and when I got home there was no sauce on the meat.  My friends were pretty let down by that.  Made a special trip to get there which I won't do again.  The best BBQ in Las Vegas?  Not even close.
Hands down, the best barbecue I've ever had. As their motto speaks "we rub our meat" and you can tell by the amount of flavor it in. The meat was moist and yet had a nice crust. I loved the vinegar based sauce that went well with the wonderfully cooked meats. 

My husband had. The three rib combo, and the meat was tender. Not exactly falling off the bone, but came off the bone cleanly, which I prefer. 

The portions were ample and I would definitely return.
This is my new favorite BBQ spot! The most tender, flavorful spare ribs I've ever eaten. They actually smoke the meat and there is evidence of that, since when I walked in, my eyes started watering immidietely (I have sensitive eyes) from the smoke inside the restaurant. However, that did not hinder my expirience since the food is damn good. I will be taking my food to go until some sort of vents are installed. There are two rooms and some seating outside. It looks like a hole in a wall but those tend to have really good food. I only expirienced the first room (when you just walk in) so may be the second room does not get effected by the smoke or has vents, I would not know. 
Items tried: Spare ribs, wings, chicken, the outlaw burger, waffle fries, mac n cheese, hush puppies. Favorites: Spare ribs, waffle fries (so good!). The others mentioned were pretty good too. Don't belive me? On the fence? Go try it and write about it!
Have you ever tasted pure Heaven before?

You will when you sink your teeth into the succulent, juicy, out-of-this world BBQ at Rollin Smoke!

The meat is prepared immediately after you order on their grills which are on-site.  You will get exactly what you ordered prepared EXACTLY how you want it!  The staff is very quick and responsive to your needs and the menu has extraordinary options in terms of BBQ preparation.

You can get an amazing assortment of meats from brisket, ribs, chicken, pulled pork, hot links, and yummy sides like beans, mac & cheese, and cole slaw.

Plus there's an 'All-You-Can-Eat' option for $25.00...wow...if your stomach can handle it., I highly recommend taking it on!  ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING on the menu for only $25 bucks!

I recently decided to take it on by getting the brisket, the baby back ribs, the chicken, and hot links, along with sides of baked beans and mac & cheese...I think I really did see God at one point!

This is not just some BBQ Joint where they'll throw any random meat in a bag onto a grill...this is BBQ made from the heart and the soul delivered fresh and hot to your mouth.

There is no more to say other than, if you truly want a taste of BBQ from the Gods...Rollin Smoke is the place to go!
Harder than finding a really good restaurant, its finding one that really cares about its customers. Rollin Smoke does both! THE BEST PULLED PORK I EVER HAD and the ribs had the perfect smoky to juicy ratio. The service was superb. This place makes me wanna live in Las Vegas. A true hidden gem. 

GO CHECK IT OUT!
Holy smoke this place was amazing! Had the duo meat plate with brisket and pork with an a la carte order of the beef rib. Everything was fall off the bone tender and juicy, my only regret was not getting the all you can eat for 25 (including the drink I paid 20 anyways) and trying even more of the menu
Good but not great BBQ. A little too much smoke flavor for my taste. Yes, I know smoke is in the name. But it dominated the natural flavor of the meat. The BBQ sauce was good. The flavor was different.  It has a tang to it. The Kicken beans also had a unique taste which was heavy on the bell pepper. 

The mac n' cheese had an extremely liquid cheese sauce. My cousin enjoyed it. Me, well, it was acceptable. I prefer more of a casserole consistency in mac n' cheese.

Ribs and brisket were tender. Hot link was dry and over cooked.

 The owner and servers were friendly.
Seriously good ribs prepared in a pit by a man who is passionate about cooking them to perfection John is an excellent host and the restaurant is very low key but it's all about the food here.
You can smell this place all the way from the street. Best barbeque I've ever had. Being from Texas and an expert smoker myself, this says a lot. This guy puts a lot of effort and thought into his cooking. He's not just a pit master, he's a chef. Amazing food!

I had a brisket sandwich, one beef rib and bacon potato salad. Most tender and smoky beef ribs and brisket ever. The sandwich bun was served on a really soft sesame seed hoagie bun and was typed with green onions. No extra sauce necessary. Just the right amount of flavor and nothing overpowering. Lover every bite! No wonder the walls are covered with awards.
This is the best bbq joint ever. If your in Vegas you have to check this place out. Food is amazing and the employees take in their job and food seriously. Employees are so nice. I will keep coming back
Great food! It's a small place and doesn't look like much outside. I actually drove past it the first time. Once I found it I was glad I did. Possibly the best ribs I have ever had. The wife's pulled piggy sandwich was great too!
By far the best BBQ in Las Vegas! Absolutely amazing food and great service, if your looking for real BBQ in Las Vegas this is definitely the place! Amazing section of items to choose from. I definitely recommend the all-you-can-eat for $26 and that includes everything on the menu.
Best BBQ I have ever had.  Chef Holland was super accommodating to cater a small party.  Brisket & beans were absolutely the best.  Fantastic item not prominent in menu was the pulled chicken - melted in our mouths with amazing flavor.  Cole slaw is very spicy - watch out !  Potato salad was really tasty.  Did not get to try the ribs - next time.  Our experience with Rollin Smoke was just outstanding.
We were visiting Las Vegas from L.A. We had heard about Rolling Smoke and it was terrific-- everything is delicious, particularly enjoyed the hotlinks and the baked beans. The pork, the beef... just beyond reproach. You will not find a more committed, courteous staff, these folks were serious about business, while being friendly and sincere to patrons. I understood they are from Arkansas; if so, that is one place where manners matter. Will absolutely visit again!
Great BBQ, glad to finally find some good smoked BBQ in Vegas. The location is out of the way but the food is worth it. I absolutely love the brisket, can't wait to go back
We actually cater from Rollin smoke for our office and it is delicious. Some of the best beef ribs I've ever had! The beef brisket is moist, tender, and great. And a BBQ joint has to have great sides and rolling smoke doesn't dissapoint.
Omg.... This is some gooooooood BBQ. I had the smoked meatloaf. You may consider splitting if you want to have room for their bread pudding!
Overall good experience.  I had the slider trio with a side of jalapeno coleslaw. Was expecting the slaw to knock my socks off but was anything to write home about. Pulled pork wasn't my favorite texture seemed more like pork roast. But the hot link was fantastic! Very spicy!  I was very disappointed with the country berry cobbler, lacked sweetness entirely. The place packed & decor and atmosphere were real homey. Liked the personal touches with their murals. We'll definitely go back. Looking forward to trying the smoked meatloaf.
BBQ heaven. Finally it has arrived folks. Ive tried every kind of bbq in vegas looking for that special place. here it is. phenomenal. its a little whole in the wall not in the greatest area but by all means safe. I had the beef ribs and potato bacon salad. my wife had macaroni cheese and the pulled piggy sandwich. Everything was flavorful and very delicious. they didnt over due it with a whole bunch of mediocre food like memphis. very proportionate. id say its a little pricy but the food is to die for. ill pay for it anytime when i want great bbq. props to them hope they expand.
The best BBQ my family and I had ever! 
Don't forget to try their peach cobbler! Out of this world!
In the mood for BBQ? This is the place! Immediately you can smell the deliciousness before you even get in the place.  My mouth was watering already. It's a smaller quaint little place but the food packs a punch!

We met up with some friends who had dined here before. Sylvia said 'Everything is good!'.  So we tried the BBQ Smoked Wrap with Pulled Pork, waffle fries and corn nuggets on the side. The wrap was filled with the pork, cheese, bbq beans, coleslaw and onions.   The pork was divine! Every bite of the wrap popped with flavor.  The wrap was big enough that I split it with the hubby.  We were in agreement how much we enjoyed it! Waffle fries ~ fantastic.  Corn nuggets ~ loved them!  We even had a little taste of Sylvia's Smoked Meatloaf.  Yum!  Portions here are huge and delicious!  

I will definitely make this my go to place for BBQ.
I was pretty impressed. Never expected to find barbecue this good just off the Strip. My wife and I split a combo plate (I forget what it was called) so we could try everything. So, from best to less best:

Brisket: Top-notch. Moist, flavorful, well-smoked. A delight.
Ribs: Split verdict. I thought they were great, wife finds beef ribs a bit too chewy but admitted the flavor was great.
Hot Links: Excellent. Spicy and flavorful.
Pulled Pork: A bit dry and not up to the standard set by the other meats. That said, there sure weren't any leftovers.

Sauce: Pretty ordinary, really. Not bad, though, and the meats don't need its help, so it actually works pretty well in a supporting role.

Beans: Fantastic. Almost like a bowl of chili. You could make a meal out of these alone.
Potato Salad: Maybe the best ever. Bacon really does make everything better.
Cole Slaw: Unique and original, but didn't really work for us. The only real misfire in an otherwise exceptional meal.

This is a really good barbecue joint, bordering on greatness. When you factor in its unexpected location, it probably deserves five stars. Barbecue snobs that we are, we just can't quite grant that ranking when comparing it to Kansas City's best. Guaranteed, next time we're in Vegas, we'll be back. Friendly folks and good food bring us back every time.
LIP SMACKING BARBEQUE NOURISHED FROM THE GODS THEMSELVES.

Seriously this place precedes itself. Just so you can understand the level that Rollin Smoke is on they were awarded for top 20 best bbq restaurants in america from localeats AND best burger in vegas seven. Yeah...they're pretty epic.

It's pretty easy to miss this place, they're near the cross streets highland and desert inn, inside a signless plaza. Just look for a grill outside and you'll be fine. The vibe of the place is very relaxed mixed with decorations of tshirts, a pig, awards, and a mural. A big plus in my book is the amount of seating they have, from the times I went I never had to fight for a table. 

Customer service? Always on point. They strive for it. Anything wrong with what you're eating? They'll fix it. They always have a guy walking around asking people if they're doing fine. 

If you're coming here for the first time you should definitely try the rib tips, and outlaw burger. It takes a while for the outlaw burger to cook, nonetheless it's worth the wait. Let me start off with the rib tips. You can order 1/2 pound or a pound, if you're eating with a group of people, just share a pound it'll be more than enough. Their rib tips are mouthwatering!!! Cooked to perfection. And when you get those fatty pieces in your mouth you can taste the definition of a good bbq. The outlaw burger is just as satisfying. Let me just list the ingredients in the burger it has; brisket, onions, bell pepper, onion strings, red cabbage, slaw, lettuce, tomato, cheddar cheese, and chipotle ailoi. Yeah, all that in a burger. You know that one question? What do you want to eat before you die? This might be the answer.

Tip: There's no shame in getting your hands dirty and pigging out. Dam son just eat that bbq! And you can order to-go over the phone!
BARBEQUE LOVERS TAKE NOTE
The ratings on this place did not exaggerate at all.  This barbeque is among the very best I have ever eaten.  Being from the South, I can distinguish true smoked meat from the posers.  Rollin Smoke Barbeque is barbeque at its finest.  The meat has an excellent smoked flavor and the sauce complements it perfectly. The dishes here are unique and do an excellent job highlighting masterful barbequing skills.  I had the Barbeque sundae and highly recommend it.  With layers of mashed potatoes, beans, pulled pork and slaw, it combines all the perfect sides with the 'que in one handy cup.  The side of baked beans iI had were equally up to the task with the just the right amount of sweetness with a nice spicy bite as well.  

Well done Rollin Smoke--I will return.
Always tasty with more flavor than they flaunt.  Personally a down to earth decor and service that matches that is worth a 30 or 4 dollar signs just keep that true restaurant spirit.
"I found love on a two way street and lost it on a lonely highwaay"(Stacy Lattisaw). We decided to hit this place up after a night of Tikibombs in Frankie's Tiki Room.  
I mean its only RIGHT. This is a little hole in the wall place but packs the BOOM! In BBQ.  I Had the 3 meat platter which you can choose any combo of meats.  I opted for the ribs, brisket, and smoked sausage or as I call it The Holy Trinity. We also shared Bacon potato salad, loaded mashed potatoes, and macaroni and cheese. YES, YES and YES.  The BBQ was so tender and savory and topped with a vinegar based BBQ sauce that enhanced the all the smoked goodness it could make a grown man cry.  Now to address the sides....as if the BBQ wasn't enough to leave you in meat nirvana the sides comes at you from the left and pulls you in tight.  It comforts you and makes for a very happy tummy.  I am very stingy with my ratings so the 5 stars speaks the universe about this place..but hey you'll only share my joy until you go in and taste for yourself....let the meat sweats begin.
Were do I start everything was great. Greens and yams were on fire. Even the banana pudding omg. They bring the food to you. The place looks like a whole in the wall but don't let the looks fool you. This is the place in vegas for ribs. I didn't eat the ribs but everybody else did ...lots of meat
Went here for the 2nd time earlier this week. It's in an industrial area, a little off the beaten path. There was virtually no lighting in the parking lot, I wondered if it was open. The number of cars in the parking lot suggested it was and there was an Open sign with some other flashing signage so I went in.

You order at a podium like desk. I had a Lehigh Valley IronPigs hat on, displaying a pig, and the order taker took a liking to it. I went with the brisket sandwich combo and ordered cole slaw (not the jalepeno cole slaw this time) as my side.

Quite promptly my sandwich was delivered by one of the staff. Overflowing with tasty shredded brisket. The cole slaw was a nice compliment. I left stuffed.

The place has a casual atmosphere, couples, buddies, and families.

I'm glad I found this place and will definitely be back.
Can't say anything bad about this place. Got the rib platter. They were out of baby backs so it was mostly spare ribs with 1 beef rib. Couldn't finish it all because that is a lot of meat and fat for 1 meal. The side I chose was the greens. Bad choice for me because they were too spicy for my pallet and I couldn't eat them. But they were probably perfect, it is just me. Corn bread was very good too.
Saturday night in Vegas and we were planning on meeting up with our friends for dinner and some fun. The first place we planned to go to was not getting too many rave reviews.
Stephanie S. had the wonderful idea to come here instead for dinner. This place was pretty close to where we were staying on the strip, which made it easy drive for us. Located on the other side of the strip (yes on the seedy side of town) pass a couple of popular strip joints, made a turn thinking did my GPS give me the wrong directions because it's really dark on this street and it looks like it's the industrial area of Vegas. Well you are in the industrial area but it is also a mix of other business as well. Rollin Smoke is in a small shopping center look for a sign that says "Kiesub Center" and you have found it! Did I mention that they are open until 1:30 am every day too?

As we were pulling into the parking lot, I notice two huge bbq smokers outside. Knowing that anything that is put into a smoker is going to be mighty tasty I was ready to order right there in the parking lot!

Walking into this eatery the BBQ smell hits you like a mack truck on the 15. Their menu is large and in charge! 

Everything from an all you can eat BBQ for $24.99 (you get anything on their menu, anytime, any day of the week)

$7.99 sandwich's (like the pulled piggy, smoked brisket ECT)
$8.99 meals (BBQ nacho fries, various wraps, outlaw burger and many options that are more wonderful to choose from)

Then there are the various plates that they have. Minh and I decided on ordering and splitting The Pit Special: 

Four meats (of your choice) and three sides (of your choice) - Brisket, Chicken, two orders of spare ribs. Bacon Potato Salad, Yams, and Corn Nuggets all for $19.99!

They took Minh's name down and we seated our self's in an over sized booth. The owner was there making sure everything was running smoothly. This is a family owned business, which makes it have that charming-family-cozy kind of feeling.
As we were waiting for our food and other friends to arrive, I was chatting with Stephanie and watching the small eatery fill up with hungry families, club-goers and other various walks of life wanting some stick to your ribs goodness. 

A friendly server brought our food to our table. All I can say is the Pit Special offers a lot of food for your money! There is more than enough to share with another person. 

The corn nuggets were the best ever! Fried on the outside (no grease on any of the balls) and yet soft and fluffy in middle. I was popping these in two at a time (sorry babe if you only got a couple). There are addicting! 

The bacon potato salad was another favorite, chucks of potatoes various seasonings, mayo and probably mustard piled with bits of delicious bacon.  Swoon!

All the meats were tender (they "rub" their own meats daily) you can taste the quality of the meats they have. Not one piece was dry; we did try their homemade BBQ sauce, which was delightful on the brisket. The chicken and ribs had so much meat on it I got overwhelmed for a second. 

This place is a gem in hiding, BBQ in sin city at its best! To the Holland family thank you for making this delicious food for every kind of budget!
4.8 stars  went ahead and rounded it to 5 


On a previous trip to Las Vegas, we drove past Rollin Smoke BBQ, and they had the smokers going but we want to give another place a try... that place was Memphis BBQ.  You can read my review about Memphis BBQ...  hind sight is 20/20 ... and oh how I wish we would have stopped at Rollin Smoke first.  Live and learn! 

The place smells great when you walk in the door... the guys, there were really nice and welcomed us in...

The menu is diverse... 

I had the three meat plate...  brisket, ribs, and pulled pork. 

Brisket was really good... Ribs were even better... and the Pulled Pork was KILLER! 

Portions were generous... flavors were fantastic!  The potato salad had some spice to it and so did the pickles. 

My wife had two meats, pulled pork and brisket... she raved about both.  She is a huge brisket fan, and she said it reminded her of being in Texas.  She loved it! 

I think the guys there have a handle on the BBQ side of things... it's great! Where I think, they could use some help is in the dessert's area... they were just alright.  I wasn't there to have dessert... so not a big deal... but... it's the only weak link about the place which stood out to me.  Dial that in... it's a 5+ star place. 

Well worth a visit if you want fantastic BBQ!
I love Yelp... I found this hidden jewel because of Yelp.  It is tucked away. I love BBQ.  This place was outstanding. The food is authentic and very tasty. I had the Biggin sandwich which had brisket, pulled pork and sausage for $8.99.  The sandwich was large and sooo good.  It was full of meat.  The meat is very smokey and tender.  I was very surprised about the size of the sandwich for the price.
Definitely a great hole in the wall! We tried the all you can eat and it was well worth the $25! The staff was super friendly. Definitely recommend the spare ribs, loaded mash potatoes, and the shrimp.
I was in Vegas a few weeks ago and my friend Julie. Took me hear to try the food since I love BBQ. I must say the food was to die for. The staff and service was great. I've tried a few places in Vegas but this place is the Best by far! If your in Vegas I highly reccomend it!!
Ok by FAR the best BBQ I have ever had! Soooooo good! We got the pulled piggy sandwich, hot links, and the BBQ nacho fries all to share. All of it was delicious!! My favorite was the BBQ nacho fries. You HAVE to try them!! So good I can't even explain it! I'm so full I need someone to roll me the rest of the way home :)
After reading through the talk threads I kept seeing Rollin Smoke. I was convinced its time for some BBQ. As always there is a nice crowd inside and it's hard to get a table at times. We were luck to grab a seat in the side room. My wife and I split the 4 meat 3 side combo. We had the pulled pork, brisket and double spare ribs. Sides were hush puppies, mac & cheese and mashed potatoes.the brisket was good but I enjoyed the pork and ribs mostly. Great smoke taste and I add a bit of the BBQ sauce for extra flavor. All the sides where great. Mac and cheese and hush puppies are where it's at! A bit small in here but great food!
If you're looking for good BBQ in Vegas, Rollin Smoke is where you're going to find it!

Located in a small plaza on Highland, Rollin Smoke is a fairly small restaurant and gets crazy busy at times. When you walk in, there's a large menu on the wall and after you place your order, you can go sit down and they'll bring the food to you. The menu is somewhat large and features classics like pulled pork sandwiches and meat combo plates. They've also got some not-so-usual options like the gigantic Outlaw Burger, Chicken 'n Waffles and even an all you can eat option. 

I usually order a two meat combo with brisket and hot link. Most places seem to serve a packaged hot link and just toss it in sauce. While I have no idea whether there's is or not, it's one of the better ones I've had. The sausage is flavorful with a great snap and they don't douse it in sauce. Since I'm a fan of spicy food, I like that there's has a little kick to it as well. And there's a reason I can't stay away from the brisket either. It's extremely tender, flavor is great and it's not overly smoky. Again, even though I really like their sauce, they don't douse the meat in it which is a huge plus. You have to try the sauce though, it's slightly sweet but has a mild heat...really tasty.

If you're into dessert, they have a few options there too. We've used the Yelp check-in for a free mini dessert a few times and always get the peach cobbler. My wife is a peach cobbler fanatic and this is her favorite in town. I've heard good things about the banana pudding though and I'll be getting that next time.

This a solid 4.5 stars for me and only because I've had inconsistent plate sizes. One time I got a combo plate that had so much meat I couldn't finish it, but then the two other times we've went, I finished mine and starting picking off the wifeys. Not a huge deal but it's a bit irritating. Either way, Rollin Smoke serves some of the best BBQ in town and at much better prices then most of them too. Top it off with friendly service and you got a must try spot!
Here we go, brace yourselves. I'll be that guy. This is actually a friendlier version of my review for RSB; the original had cuss words and comparisons that probably would get me in trouble that's the version you needed to brace yourselves for.

When it comes to BBQ, American BBQ, I've gone to St. Louis, Memphis, Kansas City, Texas, the Carolinas, various states in the East, South, Mid-West, and West, pre-Yelp and current Yelp days, and have experienced both good and bad BBQ. You can say I've had more than my share of BBQ and can tell a good BBQ from just a decent BBQ place but no way am I an expert. I've hated BBQ spots locals loved. So IMHO and friendlier version RSB is just decent, OK is being nice. I've been here a few times and well I am NOT a fan. Each time I've been disappointed with one thing or another. Yes I've gone back but that's just cause everyone's been raving about RSB and I wanted to give them another shot and then another.

One of my first visits was with a group of 5-6 from work. I don't remember what everyone exactly ordered but remembered me having the chopped pork sandwich and another having the chopped chicken sandwich which neither I can find on the menu, must have been a special. Anyways from both of the sandwiches we created a community pile of what's this!? tiny pieces of chicken bones. There were a lot of chopped up chicken spine and rib bones all mixed in our meats. Even if I was mistakenly served chicken with my pork, bones, really RSB. I had more typed out but I leave it as that. The only good thing about it was I had a free dessert with Yelp check-in. STRIKE ONE.

After writing off RSB for a couple months the group made it back out. This time ribs and Outlaw burgers were ordered. They certainly took their time bringing the ribs out.  Ribs were ordered first and was last to be served. What exactly were they doing!? Warming it up or cooking them as it was ordered. I actually asked for and ate my dessert first cause I was hungry. The ribs that came out was beyond disappointing tough, rubbery, had little taste, and sucked. I've had way better.  I noticed my ribs were different from the others. Oh there's a "rib plate" and a "rib platter special". STRIKE TWO.

After working up an appetite playing basketball all morning I came here looking to finally clear things up and getting the rib platter special. It was a lot of ribs but it lost all its luster. The beef rib wasn't as tender as I was hoping but tender to some liking. The rest were decent nothing exciting just a lot of meat covered in sauce. I smelt all the smoke inside and outside of the RSB but I got only a hint of smoke taste. STRIKE THREE. Throat slash. 

The best BBQ in Vegas!? I don't know about that. Maybe, than again Vegas aren't known for BBQ and the ones I've enjoyed no longer are open so maybe I don't know anything about BBQ plus I sometimes enjoy buffet BBQ ribs. You want more info there's AYCE BBQ for $24.99. It's located off a few side streets near the Strip. They have a small parking lot which is shared with the other businesses. They're from Arkansas. They're friendly but I wouldn't call the service great. There's large tables, small tables, and booths. Lines for ordering can form out the door. Just go if you like go.
OMG! Went to Rollin Smoke before the Clint Black concert.  Was easy to find due to friendly Yelper's directions.  The sexy smell of BBQ immediately welcomes you when you walk in the door.  Our order taker (sorry didn't get his name) determined the best combo when we told him what we wanted.  The corn bread was to unbelievably moist and delicious.  We would have ordered more for dessert with Blue Bell ice cream if we hadn't been so stuffed.  The beef ribs were huge and melted into smokey heaven in your mouth.  The brisket was plastic fork tender and moist.  You have to get corn nuggets - spicy fried creamed corned!  We were supposed to share but I ate more than my share!   They must be world famous as a large van of Aussies (in for Red Flag) filled up the place and took their orders to go!   The place has a lot of seating...can't wait to plan a lunch adventure for my co-workers!
My new favorite spot in Vegas for BBQ. They are a straight up BBQ spot, no frills no thrills. Food is fresh and the guys behind the counter are super cool and really nice. As a guy who normally visits Vegas frequently for work, I'll make this one of my stops from now on. I just wish they had beer, haha! Thanks guys..
SOOO Delicious!! Visiting Vegas from San Diego and I'll be back for sure. Brisket is delicious and the corn nuggets so good. Definitely check it out! Friendly staff as well.
So far the best bbq place I've ever been to here in Las Vegas! Mac and cheese good, kickin beans, and greens, bomb. Best local spot for great bbq!
The best BBQ in Vegas! Had the best BBQ pork sandwich, best hot Link, best fries, and best corn bread I've ever had in Vegas. Very good quality ingredients, expertly cooked, and reasonably priced. Im a regular Texas visitor too, and this still beats any BBQ I've found in SE Texas!!
This is a terrific BBQ joint in Las Vegas. I don't believe it is on par with Franklin BBQ or The Salt Lick in Texas, but this place does solid BBQ with LARGE portions. I base this review on only trying the brisket, chicken, pulled pork, and several sides. 

I will update the review once I try the ribs and other items. The beans were a bit too spicy for my taste.
If you like authentic BBQ this is your place!  We were greeted at the door by a very helpful server.  He gave us recommendations.  Everything we ordered was great. We shared the trio meat, hush puppies, Mac and cheese, a berry cobbler and 2 drinks all for under $25.   Yummy.  The restroom was clean and even had seat liners. It is an industrial location but don't be intimidated.
I was cravin bbq after driving by Memphis BBQ on the way home. We were going to head there, but after checking out the reviews on  Yelp I decided to try Rollin Smoke BBQ! Some of the best bbq I've had in a while that wasn't from a chain (Famous Dave's - which I 'm not knocking as I've had great food there as well). I would go out of my way for TC Rib Crib so I'm glad I found a place closer to home. 

This place is a little hard to get to but so glad we found it. I got the three meat platter with spare two spare ribs, pulled pork, and the FATTY part of the brisket with sides of cheesy mac and yams. The ribs were meaty and tender. Nice char on the meat, great smoky flavor! The pulled pork was tender as well. Great pork flavor. The fatty part of the brisket was killer! Nice burnt fat pieces with succulent strips of beefy goodness. They also threw in regular pieces of brisket which I didn't care for but took it home anyway. I don't care who makes it, I've never cared for brisket as I've always thought  it's a dry piece of meat. It was great cold the next day. The mac n cheese was creamy  enough, but even the extra cheese on top didn't make it "cheesy" enough. The yams were excellent. Lots of brown sugar cinammony goodness! The portions are large and come with a piece of Texas toast under the meats so it soaked up all the pork juices and was an extra added treat! My friend enjoyed his chicken and spare rib plate with jalapeno cole slaw and fried okra. There BBQ sauce is very good! Not too sweet, peppery and flavorul!    

I take away a star because of the brisket and mac n cheese. I would have to try other things before upgrading to a 5. Great, friendly service and good food! I will be back!
pure bbq heaven! love them, fast services.. super nice! the best bbq in vegas
This place is all its cracked up to be! We looked up best BBQ in Vegas and after some debate/argument we agreed to eat here. Rolling up you might want to turn around, but dont! This place is the real deal! The inside is not that fancy, but who cares right as long as the food is legit. I would pride myslef as a BBQ snob and this joint hit all the marks. I walked up ordered the 3 meat combo with pulled pork, tri tip and ribs. Couldn't decide on the sides so just ordered some extras like okra, cole slaw, waffle fries and potato salad and boy was that a mistake afterwards. I needed to be wheeled out! This has to be one of the best BBQ joints I have been to outside the rib cook off in Reno and this place has every right to stand off to any National Rib Champion. What sealed the deal for me was the owner and his customer service. This guy was hustling all over the restaurant checking on tables making sure everyone had what they needed. They missed a side off our order and I offered to pay for it and he refused. At another table someone asked how good something was on the menu he brought them out a sample! This doesn't happen in most places today or the level of customer service. 
Then to top it off we meet this nice family while we are eating and they talk us into sampling their banana pudding desert. At first I was like no way I to full then my daughters almost refused to leave before trying so I gave in. This thing put me over the edge but wow was it good! similar to ice cream pudding only fills the cracks when your full...well worth trying or taking some home. This is a must when your in Vegas!
This place is as good as it gets when it comes to BBQ. Not only is it authentic,  everything is fresh and fast! Everyone there is super friendly and Mike and the whole crew make you feel at home.  We actually came in when the Travel Channel was filming if that tells you anything. Highly recommended and five stars all around!
This is da bomb for BBQ in Vegas and what's even better it's not packed full of tourists yet very close to the strip.  Don't be afraid of the office park feeling, get in and get down and bone greasy with some tasty sauce....I'd recommend the brisket. YUM

Oh and bring your appetite, portions are solid.
Amazing Bbq from start to finish. Meatloaf is a must, jalapeo coleslaw is an awesome twist
"DAMNNNNNN GOOOOOD! DAMNNNNNNN GOOOOOD! DAMMMMMMMMMMMMM GEWD!"

Those three words are the celebratory chants of a Rollin Smoke Barbeque meal. Alright so maybe the chef will encourage you to shout it when you leave, but it takes little convincing, trust me!

My knowledge of barbeque is limited, but I mean I own a Traeger Grill, does that count for anything? No? I didn't think so either... but while my Traeger makes deliciously smoked clean meats it doesn't compare to the smokey glistening glory of RSB. Their ALL YOU CAN EAT BBQ is what makes Vegas or America in general really freaking awesome. I mean sure we're in the top 10 for most obese countries, but hey at least we do it right, RIGHT? 

The special is $25 and includes EVERYTHING on the menu, except drinks ($2), you gotta buy that, BUT... its pretty much all you can drink too. Don't pass on the Outlaw Burger,  the beef ribs, or the nachos, but do pass on the pulled pork. Don't wear a belt, its useless, no belt will make look skinny after the massacre. You can of course also just order ala carte.

Take the booth with the pig, it will give you extra encouragement when you savage through his four legged cousins. 

CONVENTION PEOPLE... COME HERE!

How was my review? DAMNNNNNNN GEWDDDDDDDDDD right? Thanks!
Came here on a rainy friday afternoon with Doriee, at 1pm, hoping to run into the Travel Channel filming crew. We did, but apparently filming started at 11 instead of the posted time of noon (oh well). We met up with Roger, as well as invited one other friend. 

Location, actually not as hard to find as i had thought. Though i had "scouted" the place a few days prior, still wasn't hard as some may have said. Coming from Fashion Show or Mel Tourne, taking a right onto industrial, then left at the light, then right again, and you are pretty much there ! 

Restaurant is a little small but lots of seating. Parking wise, decent amount. Unless there was some specific thing going, should be parking avail. 

Upon entry, first thing you see is their huge menu on the wall. Since Doriee was on break and didn't want to eat too much, we decided to share. And being "marketed" the beef rib so much by Roger (steak on a stick is what he calls it), we opted to get the Rib Platter Special. Comes with one side and a drink. For the side, we got the corn nuggets ! Or rather Doriee "excitedly" shouted corn nuggets XD ! Since she was on her lunch break (1 hour time, but work was close by), we hoped it wouldn't take long. Upon ordering, we were told about 25 minutes. 

Rib Platter Special - $17.99 - 3 Baby Back Ribs, 2 Spare Ribs, and 1 Beef Rib - Ordered with a side of Corn Nuggets. 

To our surprise, it came in about 20 minutes or less. Good on timing !! :D

Pretty big platter. Was definitely a good sharing size between the two of us. Corn nuggets were piled on the side. To our surprise (again), the corn nuggets were pretty good. Corn gave it a nice sweetness and it was nice and crispy ! The sauce it comes with is like a mix between thousand island and like the sauce from Raising Canes. Sweet, little tangy. 

Now the main entree. Ribs. The so-called "steak on a stick" was a beef rib that had a lot of meat on it, as well as a pretty thick layer of fat. The meat was not how i imagined it to be. Yes, as the restaurant name suggests, smokey, definitely a lot of smokey flavor (lasted the rest of the day lol!) but the meat broke off like it was stewed meat? I'm not sure if its because beef ribs weren't one of my favorite type of rib or its been too long since i had a beef rib but it was quite disappointing. Flavor was decent but meat texture wise, a little different. Both the baby back ribs and spare ribs were, yet again, smokey, but to our disappointment again, it was quite dry. Would have preferred it to be a little more seasoned/marinated to give it a nice flavor instead the meat but the dryness of the meat kind of made it saddening. Tried to help it with the bbq sauce on the table, but didn't really help. 

The BBQ sauce was a very thin sauce, so if you were to put in on anything, it almost rolls right off. Flavor wise, sweet, tangy, spicy. Not bad but not my favorite either. 

The following two items were ordered by Roger and another friend but im just putting what i SEE :P 

The Outlaw Burger - $8.99 - Brisket, Onion, Bell Pepper, Onion Strings, Red Cabbage Slaw, Lettuce, Tomato, Cheddar Cheese, and Chipotle Aioli

HUGE burger. The burger is, i believed a confirmed 1lb patty with tons of stuff stacked on top. Roger tried to press it down to make it smaller to eat, but to no avail. That burger was DENSE ! Not too much of a burger person but looked pretty good ! Maybe could try, if it was split with someone half n half.. 

Brisket Dog - $8.99 - 1/4 Lb Beef Hot Dog, Brisket, Smothered in Cheese and Onion Strings

I didn't even notice the hot dog in it until after my friend bit into it. Similar to the burger, ingredient filled/stacked. I was actually surprised my friend ate it fairly cleanly without everything falling out and onto the plate. 

Desserts !!!

Southern Peach Cobbler & Country Black Berry Cobber - sweet and flavorful. sauce was very thin and runny. kind of hard to eat (especially if you were sharing. would prefer the sauce to be a little thicker. still pretty good ! 

Mama's Banana Pudding - imagine a bread pudding but instead of bread, its vanilla wafers... with slices of banana and pudding. Yummy dessert :P 

Reese's PB Cup Bread Pudding - soaking in a RUM sauce, the dense but flavorful bread pudding is like hell on a plate. bread pudding usually is already pretty flavorful from it absorbing the heavy cream but in this case, it is a PEANUT BUTTER CUP bread pudding... rich peanut butter taste with a nice rum sauce glaze on top. Prob my fav on the 4 desserts listed. 

Overall. good place. though the ribs were a bit disappointing. Everything else was pretty good. Would like to try other things, like their brisket and such
---Rant---

Great place when you are starving for meat!!!

Generally I stick with Tri-Tip, Chicken and/or Brisket when trying a new place.  These guys did NOT disappoint!  Meat was tasty, flavorful and juicy (not overly greasy, just juicy).

The Chicken was cooked perfectly and unusually soft (in a good way), same with the beef. 

The cornbread is excellent...tastes like it has a lot of butter, which is pretty damn good IMHO~

The seating sucks though; I had to have ma boy buy my grub while I went and sat in an open booth. There was a huge crowd of folks waiting to order (you order first, pay then go sit.  They bring you your food).  I kinda got some disappointed looks from the crowd as I apparently was the only one smart/clever enough to go grab seats while your buddies are ordering for you?! haha

Side Note 1 - Don't ask the staff if they have any to-go containers...they will look at you like a total dumbass as containers are plainly visible at the counter, next to the soda and utensils hahaha (the dude just rolled his eyes and pointed, I in turn looked a damn fool~ hahahaha)

Side Note 2 - This is on a side street that has about 4-5 strip clubs. The street itself is dark and looks like the kind of area you could get mugged, raped, etc.  So go with a nice sized group of people if you're gonna go at night, and bring tazers or mace~

---Overall---

Service: A.  We got our food pretty quick~

Food: A. Great food if you're looking for a heavy meat fix!!!

Atmosphere: C.  If I wasn't worried about getting ass-raped, I would probably visit more often.
The only thing I can suggest is needs more smoke or different type of wood. Smoke ring needs to be better.I come form the Midwest and smoke meat all the time not as good as them or even close but this is my opinion. The other is need more moisture. But great potions great price you need to get there ASAP.
The Beef Ribs were cooked (smoked) perfect, easily the best Ive ever had (and Ive had my share)..Tender and mouth watering would be the best description. Met the owner and one of his son's, they were the type of people you would invite to sit at your dinner table and talk BBQ with, just nice folks. My wife had the smoked meat loaf and it was awesome also..The BEST BBQ in Las Vegas hands down
Vegetarian?  Here's a pickle.  This is the carnivore's domain.

Note:  Everything I know about BBQ, I learned on TV.  I've been to Memphis, Kansas City, and Dallas and never had a lick of the stuff.  Even better, growing up in Hawaii, we boiled our ribs before grilling them.  I'm quite the expert.  But...

The wafting aroma of sweet hickory smoke.  The earthy, mild spice rub that has deeply penetrated the proteins; a moist, beefy rib with tender sinew and rendered fat;  fall off the bone baby backs; "suckably" delicious cartilage of toothsome spareribs, and glistening slices of brisket.  The acrid, bitterness of the smoke ring in strong contrast to the almost sweet meat.   Food porn!

The sauce has a good vinegar kick that helps to cut the one dimensional flavor and cloying, richness that becomes more difficult to take the more you eat and the colder it gets.  

Their signature, bigger than any human's mouth, stuff falling out, BBQ sauce on your face "outlaw" burger is good eats.  Brisket, sauteed onions, peppers, fried onion strips, slaw, veg, cheese and a chipolte aioli; what's not to love?

Remaining menu items less successful.  The breaded catfish and shrimp are both overcooked and rubbery.  The smoked meatloaf, excessively smoky and bitter.  Deep fried sides often oily with one exception, the outstanding cream corn nuggets.  Crispy on the outside, rich creamy corn goodness on the inside.

Prices are very reasonable for the quantity.  The $24.99 AYCE a winner; anything on the menu, one price.

The worthy indulgence is not without cost.  Suffice it to say, remember waking up from a drunken stupor after having smoked your first cigar?  All the mouthwash in the world...
Meat, meat, meat! The Outlaw Burger was AMAZING. Piled so high it was difficult to fit it in my mouth. It was worth the effort! :). The ribs had a great flavor and the texture was perfect.  Pull off the bone delicious. Add the banana pudding. You won't regret it. Best banana pudding I've ever had, and I've eaten a monkeys share of banana pudding.
Phenomenal!  This is hands down the best barbeque in Las Vegas.  The real deal!

We ordered, didn't have to wait for very long, and really enjoyed our meal. I had pulled pork and brisket duo, and it did not disappoint.  Sauce on the table went to good use.  My husband had an all you can eat with ribs that fell right off the bone.  He also tried shrimp and rib tips, which he said were terrific.  Hushpuppies were seasoned to perfection and the sides were all delish!!

Definitely adding this to our list of regular stops!  And check in for a dessert, the banana pudding was awesome.
Super busy line went quick food was fast. Sides are great gonna go back and try more side. Beans and mac&cheese down
This place is great.  Its a hidden gem that is busy during lunch time, but worth the wait.  Trio combo is the best deal.  Everything is tasty, jalapeno slaw is delicious! 
One recommendation is to not over cook the brisket!   Lately its been dry and chewy...not savory, tender, juicy, fatty, flavorful :(
This place is amazing!!!  The smoked beef ribs are ridiculous.  The pork ribs are so good.  Best chicken wings I have ever had, they are also smoked!  The smoke does 98% of the flavoring and the BBQ sauce is the final enhancement.   The mac n' cheese is creamy and rich.  The guys that work there are really friendly and helpfull.  This will be a stop for me every time I come back to Las Vegas!
Hard to find bbq in Vegas - found it! Will be going back to taste more items! Anytime the man who takes your order, and comes out to ensure your food is good by your first name tells you they take pride! Cheers to those spare ribs, brisket and pulled pork!
Had the smoked meatloaf dinner with loaded mashed and greens tonight. It was slap your mama great!!! Defiantly going back for more!!
The fam bam loved it. Fast easy and delicious.  The hardest part was choosing what to eat on the menu cause we wanted everything!!!
This place was simply delicious. Perfect recipe for what makes these types of places last. Great food and great service. That's it. That's all it takes. All you chain restaurants out there thinking that your name speaks for itself, do yourself a favor and check out Rollin Smoke. This is how it's done. Keep it up guys. You're doing an awesome job!!
Good Food! Was out in Vegas for friends bday and decided to go there and eat instead of eating out of casino or on strip. Maybe 10 minutes away from "Rio" and its the real deal on BBQ. Friendly and fast service. Clean tables as well. I will be back whenever I am in the town!
Rollin Smoke BBQ is awesome. Found this place on a Yelp search in Vegas where we were just looking for good BBQ. Great menu, food came out quick, prices reasonable. Love the picnic tables out front & the old throw back setting. Totally dig that it's located under a freeway exit off the beaten path. Keep Rollin !!
If you like bbq go no further! ! Real smoke.  Girl did the
Chicken and pulled pork,  loaded mashed.  I did ayce only $24.95 & when they say anything off the menu they were not joking.  First round 2 beef ribs super tender just enough cooking tender juicy sweet,  baby back ribs. Beans out of bounds,  steak beans with black pepper,  cayenne spicy good. Mac cheese meah. 2nd round brisket and baby backs so yummy tender brisket smoke rings all with pickles and white bread. Red onion straws and needed cool off had Dessert blue bell ice cream Hershey chocolate syrup.
Seriously don't bother going anywhere else. Hard part I'm 300 miles from home in OC. Tell Dusty pit boss Michael the foodie from OC sent you.
Bookmarked this one.  I dont want to forget it.  Not that I could.  Exceptional pulled pork. Lots of smoke.  

Try the corn nuggets.
One of the few places left in town that understand and shares my love for beef ribs. Although I've had all there stuff and it's always amazing. Noting is better to me than a nice fat juicy beef rib! Thanks so much guys your all scholarly gentlemen :)
Service was super friendly and fast, but I am perplexed at the high average rating.  

We got to try several items on the menu w/ the $25 AYCE deal and pretty much found everything to be just ok.  The pork and brisket were on the dry side and the ribs did not fall off the bone.  The meatloaf, onion strings and outlaw burger were tasty.  The best thing we had were the corn nuggets - fried creamy goodness!  Mac and cheese and loaded mash were ok.  Desserts had so much potential but didn't deliver.  Their sundae was ice cream with a little choco sauce on top, nothing else.  Banana pudding and peach cobbler were meh.

If you do go, don't have too high of expectations based on Yelp.
Great hole in the wall- just off the strip. Finally found a BBQ place in Vegas that is worth going to.  The pit special gives you the sampler of their BBQ. The Biggin is the best for the buck. Corn nugget is so yummy.
Yes, I finally rolled in to Rollin Smoke after the many raving reviews from my Yelp Peeps.  I am super WAY over due for this joint.  I do think I have told at least 15 people about this place since our visit last Saturday.  If that doesnt say how I feel about this place, how about the leftovers that I ate for breakfast the next day.  Yes, I must say this is simply (but not simply stated) the best BBQ I have ever EVER had.

Dont let the location fool you...its part of its finger lickin good charm and you cant beat the smell of pure goodness when you pull into the parking lot.  When we first arrived a couple was leaving voicing that they will be back next year - as they come here every year when they visit Vegas.  I think that says alot too.
...a must have for tourists too?!

We both ordered the sliders-both coming with 3 and you can pick what meat you want.  I had the chicken and the brisket while my man had the chicken, brisket and the hot link sliders.  He said the hot links were his favorite-IF there could even be a favorite.  All of it was totally fab.  For sides we had the waffle fries and the mac and cheese.  The waffle fries were sprinkled with a sweet and salty flavoring that I loved and I'm still craving and wont be satisfied until I have more.  The mac and cheese was super creamy.  I thought it was very good.  Alot of the times mac comes out all dry and coagulated.  Not the case here.  I could literally eat a big bowl of it and call it a day.  ***ehem But I wouldnt recommend it only because there is SO much more important things to savor.  Lets talk about the meat - yes their slogan is that they "rub their meat" and however you take it consider that some good lovin (hehe).  The meat is smokey and savory....meat with FLAVOR!  The sauce was perfect (not too sweet, not too thick)-and Im very picky about sauce.   The portions were so huge.  I'm sure the guy thought I was not sure what I was getting into when I ordered the 3 sliders.  I brought home 1 1/2 that was leftover and like I said I think I must have been dreaming about it all night because I did have to dig into that first thing the next morning.  As I opened the box all I could smell was the smokey heavenly goodness and I knew right then it was going to be a good day.

So yeah on Wednesday I was sat down and asked to not be mad.....hmmm yes my man went there for lunch without me.  And YES damn right I was mad.  LOL  Yes, peeps....it is JUST THAT GOOD.  I cannot wait to go back.  Well heck Ive already checked into the catering menu so I can order for my next party.  If you are looking for a winner.....this is IT.   

*side note...they are closed on Sundays.  :(
Met Big Mike who gave great recommendations for our groups food! You must the beef rib and brisket burger. The beans and fried okra  for a side were on point and you can't go wrong with any of the food here.  Bring everyone and the price won't kill ya!  A must have in Vegas.
Best BBQ and amazing people! We tried almost everything on the menu. You must try the fried okra! They were so nice and friendly we will definitely be back.
oh my 

We got the pit special, outlaw burger, Mac and cheese, kickin beans, loaded mash, onion strings, catfish, and corn fritters! you can just taste the smokiness from the BBQ! so much flavor. 

I loved the kickin beans, it has brisket and has a perfect sweet and spicy kick! 

the catfish is cooked perfectly and is a must, it comes with two sauces, but is also good on it's own. 

the best thing was the corn fritters, OH MY GOD. I don't think a gallon of this would be enough  sweet corn and cheese deep fried nuggets. I could eat this all day. if I had to order one thing only it would be this. 

a place can have the most amazing food but the last star can only be earned by amazing customer service. thank you to MIKE for helping us out! you can tell this place truly cares about their customers leaving satisfied. if I could give an extra star just for how amazing the service is alone I would. will definitely come back!!

hands down the best bbq I have ever had! it was only appropriate to sit next to the piggy at our table since that's what I felt like while I was eating. oh and I don't know why there's two $$ signs, the prices are so cheap! definitely bang for your buck!
My fellow lunch buddies and I were craving barbeque last week, but couldn't find seem to find a good spot. On our quest for barbeque, we found Rollin Smoke Barbeque. OMG this place is amazing and a hidden gem. Definitely off the beaten path, but well worth the drive. I had the Pulled Piggy Sandwich with Onion Rings and their Peach Cobbler. Their pulled pork was amazing. The meat was so soft & tender. Definitely going to recommend to anyone that's craving barbeque.
I normally dont like beef ribs becuase they are tough, but these were the best ive ever had
I love the clever menu like the BBQ Nacho Fries, BBQ Sundae, & the Outlaw Burger. 

The $8.99 Smokin Deals are a great value
What a Gem.  I am a Weekend BBQ ER  the food is awesome and the service was great too. I'm afraid this place is so so good that it won't be my secret anymore.
Friendly accomodating staff, large menu selection and very good bbq. A must visit for the bbq fan.  Excellent customer service.  Very easy to find. We had pulled pork and briscuit.
Awesome BBQ! Can have it mild or crazy insane hot. The sides are good and the yams are off the hook. Best yams I've ever had.
The Outlaw Burger is the meal cheat days were made for!
It's gigantic and completely acceptable to share, weighing a monstrous amount and nearly filling an entire takeout box. Piled high with juicy, flavorful brisket (tastes like Texas!), crispy fried bell pepper and onion strings, cheddar cheese, and chipotle aioli, this thing is packed with big, bold flavors. The red cabbage slaw adds the perfect bit of crunch and acidity, bringing what could be an overwhelming mouthful flying back into foodie heaven.
I would put this on the shortlist of requests for final meals, and that's a big deal- coming from Texas, it feels sacrilegious to list a NV barbeque joint higher than one back home, but this burger is beyond amazing and I'm pretty sure I'm going to have wet dreams about it.

Initially we were turned away because they had "just closed" only for the owner to come chasing after us, insistent that we could still be served. Right after our order was placed, a family walked in and were turned away. I'm flattered and grateful that we made it in under the wire, but maybe turn off all of the neon flashy BBQ lights if you're closing so that you don't have to ruin anyone's day!
Hidden gem in Las Vegas. Walked in and immediately knew I was gonna love this place. Got the pit special with brisket, pulled pork and spare ribs. Great flavor with a slight hint of a spicy kick. Sides were awesome too, tried the corn nuggets, mac n cheese and fried onion strings, Delicious, Definitely wanna try their All You Can Eat $24.99 Deal. Servers were friendly, food came out quickly and loved the atmosphere, Cant wait to go back and bring people visiting from outta town.
Met up with some local Vegas friends on our last visit out there. This restaurant is hidden, located very close to a strip club, in a dark plaza, windows are tinted, and is missing a bouncer outside. However once you step in, it's like being in Texas again.

You order up at the counter and take a seat. They bring your food to you. The cashier was cool and even know how to say my name correctly. Respect given. 

Like any good BBQ joint, they better give you a good bang for your buck. I expect finger licking seasoned grilled meats and a slew of sides. They sure didn't disappoint. They sure know how to rub their meats!

Brisket: Seasoned perfectly. The best brisket in Vegas
Spare Ribs: Fall off the bone and flavorful
Chicken: Not dry and seasoned very well
Mashed potatoes: Buttered and smooth just the way I like it
Yams: Sweet and juicy
Corn Nuggets: Awesome deep fried corn nuggets. Never had these before

Everything pretty much was on par with great BBQ. Not Austin, TX great, but for anywhere else, it's up there. It's cheap and filling for some good rubbed meat!
Amazing. The sides may even out perform the meats. The corn bread was just pure butter. Waffle fries and fried onions were fantastic. Ribs smoked perfectly. Just go try it
Absolutely delicious. We ordered the outlaw burger, pulled pork, brisket, and chicken. All incredible. Tender high quality meat not overpowered by BBQ sauce. One of the owners greeted us and went out of his way to be kind and helpful. The chef brought us our food and have is free potato salad and banana pudding to try, which were most delicious as well. He even came out to check on us later. The owner was very proud of he and his brother's business and said it was the American Dream. Will definitely return here next time I'm in Vegas. This is some of the best BBQ I've ever had, topped off with excellent customer service.
Man this place is insanely good. I hope it stays a hidden gem. Their beef ribs are super moist, juicy and falls right off the bone. Brisket, smoked chicken and catfish are just amazing. I brought my father in law here, who is from the south, and he said this is the best southern food he's had since he left decades ago. Definitely my go to spot a least once a week. 

Dusty is also the man.
Items Selected:

AYCE Plate 1 - Brisket, Pulled Pork, Spare Ribs, Corn Nuggets, Hush Puppies
Banana Pudding
Corn Bread
AYCE Plate 2 - Beef Rib, Smoked Chicken, Smoked Meatloaf, Loaded Mashed Potato, Fried Onion Strings
Peach Cobbler with Blue Bell Ice Cream

Having recently returned from a Lone Star State tour of smoked meat Meccas ranging from Black's and Snow's to Pecan Lodge and Franklin it was with modest expectations but high hopes that I approached Rollin Smoke, a space many locals and critics have hailed as the best barbeque in Las Vegas, and opting to explore the menu through a generous $24.99 all-you-can eat program I must say I walked away a (very full) believer.  Located on South Highland where outdoor smokers and burning hickory alert the senses to something more than industrial surroundings Rollin Smoke is as small and homey as many a' Texas or Kansas City 'cue spots and staffed by Razorback pitmaster Trey Holland plus a dedicated team of enthusiasts the service is every bit on par with that down south - a true love of the art noted in lengthy answers to questions about woods, temperatures, and process while simultaneously making sure every guest is content.  Featuring a diverse menu with spices and rubs harkening the style of BBQ found across the south but a bit more aggressively sweet than that in Texas it was with a trio of smoked meats, two must-order sides, and buttery cornbread that I began and although brisket was a bit drier than I'd prefer the smoke was prominent and flavor was on point - a trend extending to fatty ribs and supple pulled pork that lacked not for juices, the latter falling just short of KC's Oklahoma Joe's reference standard.  Still nibbling at the creamy corn nuggets as plate two arrived it was here that I sampled Holland's two most raved items and with a blackened caramelized crust overlying tender flesh and melted collagen the beef rib wowed just as much as the signature meatloaf, absolutely rife with hickory notes and light heat amidst a delicately packed beef.  Ignoring decent but mundane chicken and mac n' cheese I found inedibly bland compared to the rich potatoes and previous fried sides it was with a duo of desserts that I rounded out the tasting and suffice it to say that while banana pudding tastes straight from a box the focus should instead be directed to the cobbler, a bubbling bowl of soft peaches with buttery pie crust crowned with Texas' own Blue Bell vanilla - a perfect end to a pretty damned good meal by any standard.
I read about this place in the LV weekly, and after all the rave they gave them, I decided to try it for myself. I've visited rolling smoke a total of three times, and every time I try something different that was just as good, if not better than the last item.

First a warning, as soon as you walk into this place, you will experience an instant uncontrollable flow of saliva. The smell is just AMAZING! Now that you've been warned, lets begin with the menu. My absolute favorite is the rib plate and the brisket. The ribs are tender, full of flavor and just come off the bone with ease. The brisket is equally as delicious, with a good variety of BBQ sauces to complement the already great smoked flavor. 

A few tips:
The place to me seems a little hidden, so GPS it for easy directions. You WILL come out smelling like smoke. The staff is helpful, so if you are unsure of what to get, just ask for their recommendations. 

Bon appetit!
We pickup parts next door to Rollin Smoke BBQ so this is a very convient place for us to eat. They also have sweet tea which helps on a hot summer day.
Try the chicken sandwich with Mac n cheese. It cannot be beat
WOW! This place is amazing! I've been to vegas so many times wo even knowing about this place! SO glad I was introduced bc it is seriously one of the BEST bbq I've ever had in my life! Such a RANDOM location, but the definition of a whole in the wall restaurant. Tried the pulled pork sliders, waffle fries & baby back ribs...YUM! The bbq sauce has SUCH flavor & the meat tastes so smoky & DELICIOUS! Do yourself a favor & eat here!

Will be visiting EVERY time I'm in Vegas!
Man I walked my 12 family members more than 4 miles up and down the strip today to come here and if it wasn't "DAM good" I was never going to hear the end of it! These guys were so courteous and sat down with us to explain the whole menu.  Everything  looked exactly like the pictures and tasted like real down home barbecue.  

You have to visit this place when you're in Vegas.  Don't be scared to stray off the strip for some real food!
It is hard to imaging better BBQ anywhere.  The only place I have tried that compares is IronWorks in Austin, TX.  I had the rib special and the beef rib was perfect.  Clinging to the bone just long enough to fall off with a slight pull.  The pork was equally amazing.  I also sampled the meatloaf which had a unique composition and flavor I loved.  Staff was super friendly.  

Right off the strip this place was surprisingly away from the crowds.  Will clearly do this place again.  It just might be worth the 5 hour drive by itself!
Incredible BBQ!!! A must have when in Las Vegas. Pulled pork nachos were delicious. Will be returning time and time again!
Brought my coworkers here. Some of the best BBQ I've had. Make sure you get the fried onion strings as a side. Sooooo crispy and delicious.
Came here again! See I told you we would be back! This time I had the half slab babyback with bacon potato salad. Country berry cobbler for dessert. Very good!

My gf had the wings with mac and cheese.
Amazing bbq, some of the best I have ever had, good prices and excellent service! I will definitely come here every time i visit Vegas!
Service and food is top notch at Rolling Smoke.  Called in an order for pickup, lunchtime on a Saturday.  We ordered a 1.5 racks of ribs, 1 lb. beef brisket, 3 sides of BBQ sauce, sweet potatoes, & beans.   It got busy quick with all the customers lining up, made me glad I had called in our order early.  Our order wasn't quite ready when we arrived at 12pm as they were still packing the food to go, but the guy at the counter was very nice and offered us drinks while we waited!  We were in & out in about 10-15 minutes after I paid, had a drink of sweet tea, and received our order .  It smelt so good during the car ride home, we tried the food right away.  Ribs fell off the bone, beef was tender, and the sides were all super delicious.  We were very pleased with the smoky flavored barbecue goodness which easily fed a family of 6.  Just awesome food, we'll definitely be back for more!
Without a doubt, great bbq.  Looks like a dive, but the chickrn, brisket and pulled pork were awesome.   Only regret is this place isn't closer to home.
Went there for the first time last night. Coming from a local that's tried a few amazing BBQ restaurants in town, this is definitely #1. The owner dusty was awesome and came around talking to all his customers. I will be returning!!
Super good! Cute spot, no frills. The ribs were delish! Ordered the Mac n cheese, fried okra and hush puppies. All really good!
Here's the deal. For a while, I've been searching for authentic BBQ here in the city. Chains restaurants like Dave's and Lucille's are great but missing more of that southern down home feel. Enter Rollin Smoke, located in the shadow of the Las Vegas Strip, this small eatery is does everything right.

We got here around the lunch rush, and had to wait in a small line to order. The host/cashier was Dusty I believe, friendly guy, and he was quick and attentive. Because the staff is well prepared, the food was out within 10 minutes, very quick for a BBQ establishment, and it shows great preparation.

I ordered the Pit Special, and for 20 bucks you get a pick of 4 meats, 3 sides and a drink. That's enough food for 2 meals or to share. I ordered a piece of the catfish on the side, which was very good as well. Catfish is hard to perfect because you have to cook it through but not over cook it. I'm willing to attest that the catfish is about as legit as it gets.

The meat itself was fantastic, the ribs were tender but not greasy. It was nice and smoky with a good texture. Someone on here said the ribs weren't "fall off the bone", which  is correct. That's not to say it's tough, because it's not. Being smoked they way they are, they aren't greasy, they pull off the bone with very little effort. That's better than greasy, mushy "fall off the bone" people talk about when they use that phrase.


The sides were fantastic. The loaded mash was pretty good, not as good as some of the garlic mash I've had, BUT, excellent in it's own right. The mac and cheese was great. I'm kind of a mac and cheese snob, and nothing is as good as my moms homemade, but this was better than most BBQ/Southern restaurants. My one and only complaint was that the food could have been a bit warmer. That's it. 

For not much money you can eat like a king. Fast friendly staff, and great food makes this hidden gem a winner in my eyes.
BEST BBQ IN VEGAS!!!!! this place is awesome. the food was moist and tender the house sauce was out of this world delicious. I asked if they had a spicy BBQ sauce and the response was " challenge accepted". House sauce + Trinidad Scorpion = happy me. not only was it hot but the flavor was even better than the original sauce. 

Bottom line if you are in Vegas and like BBQ or Super Spicy food this is your place!!!
Wow, close to 400 reviews and I only heard about this place recently? How did I miss this? But then again, I rarely find myself driving on Highland Drive, which mainly seems to be a business district with strip clubs. Anyway, I'll try to keep it short and sweet. 

This place is all about the sides, I absolutely love them! I secretly think they are even better than the meat, LOL! My favorites so far are:

Cheesy Mac N Cheese - very creamy cheese sauce, and they top it off with even more (shredded) cheese!
Corn Bread - always hot and fresh! I love how they put a good amount of butter on them and are not dry! 
Corn Nuggets - one of the employees suggested that we try this, and I'm glad we did. Creamy corn on the inside. Crispy goodness on the  outside. Great with ketchup, A MUST TRY!
Kicken Beans - I don't eat beans (unless they are soybeans), but my husband and friends have said that this was delicious. 

The one side I was not crazy about were the waffle fries. They were soggy and cold the one time I had ordered them. 

OK, OK, the meats are pretty good too. My husband and I shared The Pit Special and I did like the brisket and pulled pork. Both were juicy, tasty, and cooked perfectly. Their barbecue sauce is good, but a bit tangy. I still say it's all about the sides! :P The employees are very friendly. They walk about asking if you enjoy the food and if you are happy. Drinks, utensils, condiments and to go containers are all self-serve. 

Sometimes they can get crazy busy, where the line is out the door. You know what they say, the hole in the wall places are the best! I'm glad we found this spot, I think they have the best barbecue in town!
Found this place via Yelp when it just opened and have been going there ever since. I take friends and family to try this delicious family-owned BBQ spot. Love Dusty, his dad and everyone who works there; the whole staff is super friendly! The location makes it a diamond in the rough, but it's worth the drive always! 

The food is AMAZING! You can't go wrong with anything. My favorite is the pulled piggy topped with jalapeo cole slaw. Just took a friend today and she got and loved "Dad's Favorite." They also have yummy dessert options. I always get the sweet tea when I go; it's a staple. 

If you're reading this and haven't gone, what are you waiting for?! :)
Some pretty darn good BBQ and awesome southern sweet tea. I only wish the meat on the ribs fell off the bones better. Maybe it needed more time in the smoker.  However, I will definitely be back whenever I'm in town. Can't go wrong, $11 for 2 meat, 1 side, & drink. For those visiting LA and looking for the best southern BBQ, go to Bludso's in Compton.
I seek BBQ wherever I go and this is the best I've had. It's an absolute go to every time we are in Vegas.
Why are you still wasting your time looking for over priced food on the strip. Quick head over to Rollin smoke barbeque and enjoy the best BBQ in Vegas.  I had brisket and pull pork only 10.99. You can't find that on the strip.
I found this BBQ place through Yelp.

Location: We went at night, not a well lit parking lot or lit sign, we were near a lot of strip clubs, but the lot was full, so we decided to peek inside.

Service: You get in a line, order and pay, and hope to find a seat. The wait was an hour to get our food. People who ordered after us got served before us, which was maddening. The staff brings your food, but that is all. 

Food: Big portions! Had that good BBQ flavor and they had 2 different sauces you could use. 

Overall: Staff could be a little friendlier and more helpful with ordering, maybe implement a seating system, and invest in some signage for the street that is lit for when its dark.
Found this place by yelp and stopped in for dinner with my gf... Cheap prices and amazing food :) highly recommended if your looking for smoked BBQ, I'll def return and recommend this place to others
This spot was all the hype it was even on the news. We went there last night. And was very disappointed. The ribs was fatty. No banana pudding and no peach cobbler. No potato salad. We won't be coming back. Very small dining room.
I have only eaten her once but I was impressed. When I first pulled up I was hesitant but after I walked in I no longer felt that. The staff was super nice and the food was very good. I will defiantly return.
Ok, saw this on triple D and have been looking for good Que since I have arrived 6 yrs ago. I think I have accomplished that! 
We had the mighty beef ribs, spare ribs, and boy were they good!
Beef rib moist n meaty fun finger food. The 1/2 rack of the spare ribs... also tried the mac n cheese (forgettable.. Very creamy but no cooked crust and not so flavorful), and the kicken beans. I can't WAIT to go back.
Wow this hole in the wall rocks! Their food is great and huge and for a great price.  
I took close friends there and they loved it ( being that they are over 6 feet tall and 200 plus and always hungry)
Well from being raised in the south and going to school in Texas I like to think I know a little bit about good BBQ. This place in my opinion has the best BBQ in Vegas! Everything about it reminds me of a down home southern BBQ spot! I usually get the pulled pork sandwich aka the "Pulled Piggy" and every time I get it it's amazing and constant! If your in the mood for some good down home southern BBQ come check this place out!!
I went here just expecting it to be another hyped up BBQ spot that was going to disappoint me, but boy was I wrong.  Immediately when you walk in the menu is right there HUGE on the wall, I loved that. I didn't have to strain my eyes to see anything and the menu was very straight forward. I ended up getting the Outlaw burger.................................................WOW!!!!! it's everything a burger needs to be. Everything complimented each other very well, the amount of sauce and toppings on my burger were perfect. I was just really shocked. As for my side, I grabbed waffle fries....which are always fire. Definitely hit this place up if you're looking for some real deal BBQ. They definitely have my stamp of approval!!
After all the hype, my good friend and I decided to try Rolling Smoke. He had the Big daddy and I went for the two meat, ribs and brisket. This is my standard order and meal comparison for BBQ. Neither of us said we would come back.
Ribs were bland and dry, as was the brisket. One side of mashed potatoes actually was cold in a few bites. Sad to say, one of the worst BBQ meals I've had in Vegas and anywhere. 1 1/2 stars and not sure that's worth it.
This place was recommended by a family member who aye here last week. Just got done running a 1/2 marathon and was looking for some protein. BBQ here we come! It was tough to pick one thing to get so we shared the pit plate. Pulled pork, tri-tip and ribs. Sides were Mac-cheese, greens, cole slaw and corn bits! Everything was so good. The smoke ring on the ribs were pure perfection and everything tasted great. They have this burger that is the size of a football and looks awesome, but it would take a REALLY big stomach or to be shared by two. 

It was too hard to find and it has lots of seating. Staff was awesome!!! Will return the next time we hit Vegas!
Ok this place is off the hook! Ate there last Tuesday April 15th, had the Outlaw burger and Mac and cheese, the wife had the brisket, chicken and pork baby backs. These guys know how to smoke meat, the bark is awesome and the smoke ring is perfect! The Outlaw burger is EPIC, it's made with their smoked brisket and is about 6" tall when served, good luck getting this in your mouth. The wife's ribs were cooked perfectly to competition standards and man what a flavor. 

We had to go back for round 2 and hit the place up on Saturday April 19th. This time I got the smoked meat loaf and a hot link, the wife got 3 types of ribs, the pork, the baby back and the beef rib. The meat loaf was the best I have ever had, smoked meat loaf is the the only way to make meat loaf, I can't wait to try it in my smoker! The wife's pork ribs were perfect again, but wait the beef rib is the bell ringer! This thing is actually prime rib on a stick (rib) it's about 3" thick and done perfectly, the smoke ring, bark and flavor are the radical, this is smoked prime rib at its finest. My only dig would be the hot link wasn't cooked enough (luke warm), but the flavor was great. We will be back, every time we are in Vegas, I can't wait!!

On another note you'll be safe at this place, every cop in town eats there. 3 squad cars were in the parking lot when we pulled up and then 3 more showed up when we were eating. I don't know who was covering the streets of Vegas, but they were all eating well! I had to have the tee shirt, way to go Rollin smoke!
Tried this place after a search or barbecue in Vegas, still looking for a great spot.  So gave it a try and got the Biggin' sandwich which is a combo of their brisket, pulled pork and hot link all on the same bun.  The bun, is great. Soft and soppy.  The meat, 2 out of 3 were outstanding.  The hot links are great and made in house.  The pulled pork was as good as I've had in Vegas. Didn't care as much for the brisket.  I didn't hate it and it was tender, but it just didn't hold up flavor wise to the other meats.
   Their Mac n cheese side was solid as was their peach cobbler.  Def gonna come back and work on some more menu items. So far this is the best BBQ in town.
This is a great place to go for a BBQ I will go back for sure.They are very welcoming Dusty was a great help Thanks for a great dinner
Ok again I'm going against the grain and sticking to what I know, good southern bbq! This place is ok but far from the mark. The beef ribs were too fatty, the pork ribs weren't fall off the bone and skimpy. The flavor was pure smoke only. No real sense of the bbq flavor. The yams were drenched in liquid sauce and couldn't mix it in so it ruined it for me. And sorry to say as I was excited for cobbler, but this is far from cobbler! Gosh this is making a trip down south seem overdue! 
We called ahead our order and still waited a long time as they just said overwhelmed by orders. The little one wouldn't eat the ribs she was so excited for either. I so wanted to like this place so I can have a bbq place in town based on a lot of people's reviews but needless to say I'll keep on looking....
Okay so here we go the BBQ needed more flavor the top part where the smoke was was okay but when you get into the rib it had no flavor the brisket was the same way I'm a chicken was the same way really lacked flavor when you bit into it the rib tips however had a lot of flavor also good was the corn nuggets and the banana pudding the peach cobbler didn't float my boat now let's get onto the hamburger it had a lot of flavor is very moist and I would order it again but that's only if I go back I'm still looking for the best barbecue in Las Vegas and Dave's barbeque still is the best in my opinion years ago they had a gates barbecue in town but it closed down because the owners son like to gamble which is a shame because that was the best barbecue in Las Vegas they're also famous in Kansas City and still have a store there all in all not the best barbecue in Vegas I'm going to keep searching
When you think BBQ what do you think of? Famous Daves? Lucilles? Memphis bbq? I was confused for many years thinking that these three were the best of Las Vegas in terms of BBQ, guys listen closely.  ROLLIN SMOKE, BEST BBQ IN VEGAS!!!

Location: Its funny when i tell people where this place is located since its in that desolate strip on highland near the Spearmint Rhino. Initially people are turned off, "you're taking me where?"  "Han take me back"  but once they have the food they go, "omg... Han pleaseeee take me back here"

Service: Service here is great.  They try their best to get the customers orders as fast as they can despite being busy during the peak hours of the day.  Another big plus about this place is that the chef will come out when he has time to ask his customers how the food is and a brief history of the restaurant.  Nothing like the person who makes the food to really care about what the customers think, bravo!

Food:  You really can't find anything bad to choose from but i'd avoid the brisket (a bit dry when i had it last time i was here)  Their famous outlaw burger is literally the size of your head.... like a mondo burger (good burger reference).  So juicy and literally will leave you so full, you won't be able to eat till tomorrow.

BBQ: BEEF RIBS!!! that is all.  Literally picked it up and the whole piece fell off.  St louis ribs are also very delicious and juicy.  Meat is so succulent and the juices that exude out of the meat is parallel to wringing a wet sponge.  I might just pass out from describing how good the ribs are.

Overall. Just go here!
Was looking for a burger, found this. This is a new must go-to place every time I return to Vegas.  I wanted to keep eating and come back again but we were heading out of town.  So super yum I can't even explain it.  Odd little space, but not important once you taste the food!  Really wish they had a place in the San Diego area.
Flew in just about 11 and had a couple of hours to kill before heading off to Fort Irwin. Did the tourist thing by visiting the Pawn Stars shop, then Yelped someplace for lunch. Husband really goes for BBQ, and this place had 4.5 stars. Must say that 4.5 stars is perfect. (Wish Yelp allowed half stars.)

I had the club wrap, and husband had the pulled piggy sandwich and onion rings. The wrap and sandwich were great, but the onion rings were the best we've had anywhere. (Yes, I snitched some from husband.)

Ordering was easy, and food came in about 7 minutes after that. Staff was friendly. Yes, it's a hole in the wall, but SO much better than visiting a chain restaurant when we're traveling. The atmosphere was fun.

Will definitely try it again when in Vegas.
After an extensive search for a BBQ place on here. I decided to go with Rolling Smoke. I was NOT disappointed. 
This place is the shit. Straight up good BBQ. Great staff. A no frills setting with bench and park bench seating. Wasn't too hard to find either. The menu offered some great choices. 
I went with the half rack baby back ribs, beans and cole slaw. Man the Kicken beans was kicken. So tasty. The cole slaw didn't appeal to me too much. My wife loved it. 
The ribs were very tender and tasty. 
Adding their BBQ sauce only made it better. We also ordered corn bread. Omg that was da bomb. Buttery and soft. I really can't say enough abt this place. My only regret is that I don't live in Vegas. But hey it's a great reason to come back.
Came for the famed Outlaw Burger. Hoped that it would remind me of some burgers from restaurants I grew up with which are now long lost. It didn't.

Food was OK. Service was quite nice. In the end, probably won't be back.
Hmph. So I had quite a disappointing experience here, so I'm giving a lower star. 

Here's what I had:
  
Out law burger- 5 star.  Meat is juicy and flavor is so rich and yummy. Share one with someone. 
 
The pit Special (4 meats and 3 sides for $20) - brisket, pulled pork, 2 spare ribs, and since the hot links were out i subbed it with baby back ribs for extra cost. 
  Brisket was SOOOOOOOOO good. It was shredded up and looks just like the pulled pork to the point that my bf and I were trying to figure out which was which from our photo.  I didn't like the pulled pork (lacked flavor and was dry) and the spare ribs were okay. 
  
 Sides:  Hush puppies (meh), Corn nuggests (THE DEALIO IS HERE), and kickin beans (yes!) 

 My bf thought this place was so legit, we went back 2 days later. I asked at the front where you order SHOWING the photo of my original Pit Special plate and asked him which meat was brisket and which one was pulled pork. We wanted to get it right, because one was substantially better tasting than the other. And, it was confusing, since they looked exactly the same shredded up together. He told me that the one that I had liked was brisket. 

 SO, I order the brisket.  What do I get?  Sliced meat. It didn't look like anything from the photo i had shown or what I had eaten 2 days prior.  Not only did it look different, but It wasn't as juicy and didn't have the same texture. 
  I found out from the server that the brisket comes in two styles (shredded or sliced). It would have been nice for the guy that took the order to specify it for me if that's the case.  AND, I don't know how he can get it wrong after seeing a photo. 

  Not to mention, I ordered corn nuggets (cuz that's why i came back 2 days later) and when the server arrived at our table with our food, that was when I found out that they were out of corn nuggets. I had paid additional money for this side. So, I ask this guy how long it'll take to make them (because I was willing to wait for it) and the waiter told me "several days."   
  My friend went there 2 hours later, and told me there were plenty corn nuggets. WTH dude. I woulda seriously waited 2 hours for my corn nuggets. Or come back in 2 hours for it. But I was told several days, and I was leaving the next day. 

  When you're a vegas native and can access a restaurant any day, probably these things don't matter. But, when you're a visitor, a foodie, and you pick a restaurant out of all the choices available, it's disappointing when you don't get what you ordered. 

  Next time I go, I shall ask for SHREDDED BRISKET. It's SHREDDED BRISKET versus a BRISKET, y'all!
Wow! Wow! Wow!! The best, most authentic BBQ I have ever tasted! We went as a group of four and each of us ordered something different.  We wanted a variety of meats and sides.  The meats were so tender and delicious and bursting with a flavor.  They have a great selection of "sides" but the Mac-n-cheese was my favorite.  Not overly cheesy -- just perfect!  And then came dessert!  Absolutely amazing!  We tried the peach cobbler, berry cobbler and their famous banana pudding!  Oh my goodness! The banana pudding was the best I've ever tasted! Rollin Smoke BBQ takes the time to perfect ever aspect of their menu.  You will not be disappointed.  We can't wait to come back!
update 6/19 we have continued to visit and have seen the owners making changes to ensure everyone's satisfied. Back to perfect rating for my fave Q. Rolling smoke has been my favorite BBQ in town for over a year, love the brisket, giant beef ribs, and sides.  $24.99 all u can eat dine in special seems like good value. My issue is as it's gotten more popular the wait for ordering and food is tough, especially if I'm with my children. I don't see the owners in anymore and it's not as friendly. My last visit half my to go order was missing (after waiting over 30 min) and the employee made a joke that it was my fault because I initially didn't respond when my name was called (knew my order wasn't one bag).  I would have preferred apology for trying to send me on my way with half of a $40 order! Despite loving the food I'm hesitant to go unless during slow time
Omg so I went there yesterday and I can say it takes out famous daves the staff was so friendly including the owner one of the workers I forgot his name but he let us know how they started and everything it was nice that they take their time to talk to customers I loved the BBQ sauce and the damn hot sauce was really good too I walked out of there with 3 jars of BBQ and 1 of their Rub to bring back home .... When I'm in Vegas again this will have to be one of my spots to come to :)
The food was soooo good. The meat was tender and the sides were delicious.  I ordered the brisket and rib combo and it did not disappoint.  Staff was friendly, attentive,  and courteous.
The best catfish I've ever had. The service is awesome. They've created a family environment that's unique. People were talking to each other like we were all guests at someone's house. Mamas banana pudding tasted just like my grandmothers.
Started off trying out Rollin Smoke Barbecue around two years ago with my wife and a friend. Our experience left a lot to be desired as our ribs were tough, pork was fatty with no taste and chicken was very dry. We decided then to not come back.

Fast forward two years and WOW, what a difference, This food is dynamite!!!

Let me start with my favorite menu item, the beef ribs. These things are insane tender with a ton of flavor yet simple, literally fall of the bone, fall apart in your mouth and moist with a great pink smoke ring. The server that brought my food told me it was like "prime rib on a stick" and boy was he right! Bring your appetite if you order these, they are huge.

Brisket is darn good as well. Great flavor, nice deep smoke ring and thinly sliced. I have been back three times in the last two weeks (Hi my name is Paul and I'm addicted to good Q) and I have yet to get any point, only flat. I one day will ask them if they are smoking full packers or just the flats. If you ever get the opportunity to get smoked brisket point don't pass it up, it's heaven! (Point brisket is where the "burnt ends" come from) 

Pulled pork is good, but this is where they lost that coveted fifth star from me. I know it's tough to please everyone ( I have been doing BBQ catering for years) but I believe it's a big part of pulled pork to have a finishing sauce added when you pull the shoulder to add that extra level of flavor. I use a home made clear eastern Carolina style finisher on mine and everyone loves it. 

In all this is the best Q restaurant in the valley bar none and I am so happy to see a fellow pit master doing well on his own. While my co workers and I ate lunch today ( 5-1-14 ) the line of people went out the door and never let up the hour we were here. Rock on Rollin Smoke, keep doing it right, you have a loyal customer in me, but only when I'm not doin my own stuff!
This is one of those places you go when you just say F--- it diet, im going hog wild! Really decadent food, a great occasional treat
My new bbq place to go to. Best bbq spot in the valley!
Amazing!!! This place is a must.  Fantastic BBQ. Super friendly and attentive staff and don't even get me started on the sides... Bacon potato salad, corn bread and banana pudding.  This place is awesome!!!
I was going to be generous and give three stars but then I tried the peach cobbler. 

When I walked up to the podium to place my order I asked if I could sample their BBQ sauce. The man said he would bring out the house BBQ sauce and some type of sweet BBQ sauce. I did not like either sauce and this should have been an inclination of what was to come. I ordered the two meat plate with pulled chicken and pulled pork and for my side I chose the baked beans. 10 minutes later my food was ready. First, I tried the pulled pork and the pulled chicken and both were less then impressive. I used some BBQ sauce that I had at home to spruce up the meat. Next, I tried the baked beans. The beans were good, I liked the chunks of brisket and I think their house BBQ sauce tastes better when it is cooked into something. Lastly, the peach cobbler was inedible. I took one bite and that was it, all I could taste was nutmeg. Still in search of good BBQ in Las Vegas and that includes the sides as well.
I have been on the look out for outstanding BBQ in Las Vegas, and I finally found It!! I tried this place solely based on the yelp reviews, and you guys did not let me down!!

I went on a Saturday night around 8:30 pm. The parking lot was packed, the outside picnic tables were packed, and there was a line out the door. The line moved quickly & we ordered within 5 or so minutes.

The menu is huge, so it might be worth checking it out ahead of time. I ordered the Outlaw Burger with waffle fries, and my husband got the Duo plate with chicken & brisket. We, also, got a side of corn nuggets & a peach cobbler. With 2 drinks, everything came to $25.

You order at the counter, and seat yourself. Drinks & silverware are self serve. And, when your order is ready, they bring it to your table. While we were waiting, I observed a few people who were obvious regulars. Another good sign.

Every single item we ordered was excellent. The chicken was super moist and flavorful. The brisket had those delicious crispy pieces on the edges. Waffle fries were crispy and well seasoned. The peach cobbler was warm and gooey!! But, the rock star of our meal was definitely the Outlaw Burger. It. Was. Huge. Like 10" high huge!

When we were wrapping up our leftovers, they didn't have a lid for our cobbler...so they gave us a whole 2nd one to go. It was a little thing, but their service really impressed me.

We left super full, and already planning what we were going to order next time. I, also, like that they are open late since I'm a night owl.

If you like BBQ, you need to check this place out!
We were in Vegas for our honeymoon and asked some locals about where a good place for decent priced food was.  It was hard to find, but once we found it we were thrilled!  We are from Texas, so we know BBQ.  I had the outlaw burger which was HUGE!  We should have just split it.  It had almost a meatloaf texture, but it tasted smoked and I had to eat it with a fork and knife.  My husband had a full rack of baby back ribs and they were as big as the beef ribs we are used to.  They were fall off the bone tender and we couldn't finish them.  We are big eaters but after this lunch, we skipped dinner.  The owners friend was the cook and he came out and talked with us.  He was super helpful on giving us pointers on what to order and what else to do while we were in town.  Everyone was nice and the food was great.  (it's three weeks later and I'm wishing we could go back for more).
we went there for lunch today had 3 meat tro and ala cart white meat chicken.
first there sauce is awe full 2 the meat doesnt have a smokey flavor at all brisket uck! spare ribs tuff and no flavor, chicken bland and flavorless tasted boiled.
 Only things that were edible were  the hot links and the potato salad was dank. hands down worst bbq Ive ever had   bar none
WOW!
The food is amazing....best item by far is their beef ribs and their sauce is oh so delicious.
For some reason I was thinking that they closed at 10pm. I just now realized they close at 8pm, which was the time we arrived at the spot. Not once did any of the workers mention this to us, they are so friendly and welcoming. I must've took forever to figure out what I wanted to order too - now I feel so bad for being a douchebag customer LOL. I even ordered it to go then we ended up eating there instead....and still, not one mention about their closing time. Thank you guys for allowing us to savor your wonderful product way past closing...kudos forrealz! On top of all this, hubby asked me to order another rib piece to go - and boy did we luck out. They happily took our order and sent us off with two pieces instead of one. WINNIN!
Beef ribs = easy 10+
Cheesy mac n cheese = 10
Rib tips = 8
Peach cobbler = 9
Customer Service = 10+

Likelihood to return = you betcha!

If you're a first timer, don't let the location sway you...you will sorrily miss out!
Really good BBQ in Las Vegas served here. A bit off the beaten path, but not far from the strip and pretty easy to get to from the highway (15). Family owned it seems, friendly service. 

I like the menu a lot. Decent mac & cheese, slaw, and other sides, and interesting items like wraps, stuffed with meat and other fixings. There's even fried fish if you're in the mood, and yes, it's just as tasty as the meat. The prices are reasonable, and the wait is never too long, even on busy days. I started eating here every time I needed my BBQ fix - check it out.
I can't give this place 5 stars because the brisket & sides were quite underwhelming. That said, the spareribs (naked, of course) and the bread pudding (flavored with Heath bar on this particular night) were absolutely to die for! Our server (his name escapes me, but he was a big Okie dude) was very personable & very knowledgeable about the menu. We'll definitely be back!
Big portions and friendly staff!
great service, reasonable prices, and really good food.  I had the dad sandwich and my wife had the potato with pulled pork.  Both had a good smokey flavor.  The sauce was not too sweet.  And had the berry cobbler for dessert.  It was good enough, where I considered having it more than 1 time, in the same vacation!
Oh my gosh I am mad I didn't know about this place sooner! Everything was amazing! If you are in the mood for BBQ and don't really need the "dining" experience that Lucille's or famous Dave's provides this is the place to come! They are by far better then both! 
The gentleman taking the orders was helpful to is first timers, funny and knowledgable! 
The food comes out quick so if you are in a hurry you won't wait long. 
I truly enjoyed everything we ordered - pulled pork, spare ribs, chicken, brisket, cheezy Mac and cheese, kicking beans and waffle fries. In saying that I do need to reiterate how delicious the waffle fries were. Normally when I think waffle fry I think slightly soggy. These were far far far from that in fact they were so crispy that I think you could cut paper with them.
Hands down ... best barbecue I've had so far!  Lucille's and Famous Dave's are delicious but do not even come close to this place.  You won't find the "dining experience" here that you would find at those other places which have that certain 'manufactured' feel.  I'm in no ways putting Lucille's or Dave's down because they are still good.  However, Rollin Smoke gives you plenty of delicious food at a very reasonable price.  Oh my gosh, the brisket was so full of flavor.  My friend shared one of his beef ribs with me and I just cannot desribe how heavenly it felt sinking my teeth into it. haha.  My only regret was feeling like crap after a sleepless night and with a hangover ... after all it is Vegas LOL.  I really wanted to come here again on my last Vegas trip but too bad I was sick.  

I came here solely based on awesome Yelp reviews.
The best Ribs in town!  Everyone there is helpful and the service is good. My only complaint was the last time I was there my order was incorrect. The food was still great, and after a phone call they did apologize for the mistake.  I would still say "GO THERE" you will not be disappointed.
This place was good, I will have to go back and try more menu items.  I kept it simple and got the bbq pork and chicken wrap with loaded mash and sweet tea.  Everything was good I think the wrap could have used more sauce however I did add bbq myself and that was good as well.  The sweet tea was good and the loaded mash was pretty good even with a little bbq sauce on it.  I want to try the ribs and more will definitely come back.  More of a quick eat or take out kind of place.
I had trio special. Hot link, brisket and chicken.  With corn nuggets. It was fabulous. Service was top notch. Only thing that sucks. Parking.
Like a pimp, Rollin Smoke BBQ is whoring out their entire menu for $24.99.  That's right....You ever walk into a BBQ joint and want to try everything on the menu?  Well here you can.  I wish I would have noticed that before I ordered.  Just the $28 rack of baby backs would have made it worth my while to do the all you can eat.  Smoked Meatloaf sounds awesome, and the burgers looked great too.  You can bet I will be back to try them on my next Vegas trip.  

Truth be told, I should most likely give this place 4 stars, just based on what I ate.  The pulled pork was kind of a let down for me.  Not much sauce mixed in with it, I found it kind of flavorless, and not smokey at all.  However the sauce on the table added a much needed zing and saved it - 3 stars.  The brisket was better and had a nice smoke ring to it as well as a dry rub.  It was sliced in thick slices how I prefer it - 4 stars  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=dTv25Jp39MplokBxlgRkkg#0Lk8zyIUqCEMxyYmpGMTyg

The baby back ribs were the best of the three meats that I tried.  They had a nice bark to it, but still fell off the bone.  There were plenty of meat on these ribs and it was clear they were slowly smoked and had a great hickory flavor to them.  Ribs are always the main test of BBQ for me and these baby backs clearly passed the test and are darn good - 4.5 stars http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=dTv25Jp39MplokBxlgRkkg#fSy8vbKrCQuI8Sgv8I5qmA

For the sides we tried the bacon potato salad, the kicken beans, the mac 'n cheese, and some sliced pickles.  The pickles were very good and had a nice vinegary flavor to them.  It's clear they will stand out well on any of their sandwiches.  Tasted exactly like the large dill pickles you get at Disney, in case you need that for a reference.  The kicken' beans, lived up to their name and had some spice to them along with a good peppery flavor.  There were some shards of brisket added in for some smokey flavor.  I personally prefer sweeter southern baked beans, but for some reason those are hard to get outside of the south.  Bacon potato salad, could have had more bacon in it as I couldn't really find any in there.  I still enjoyed it and it had a texture of a smashed potato salad.  The clear star of the show was the mac 'n cheese.  Some of the best I've had, it's very cheesy and creamy.  I don't see myself ever coming here without getting a bowl of it.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=dTv25Jp39MplokBxlgRkkg#ph5LXQhF8FkZ-8nd6jVSfw

Although we were plenty stuffed, I noticed a free dessert with check in.  All the desserts sounded great, but we went with the banana pudding.  No matter how full you get, for some reason, you can always manage a little banana pudding.  It just kind of slides down.  Rather than vanilla wafers it was more of a swirl of vanilla crust in the pudding.  It was ok, but I think I would try another dessert next time - 3.5 stars. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=dTv25Jp39MplokBxlgRkkg#B-ruv_7a2ibeC_2NaLAEWw

I love the vibe of this place, it's clear these are men living their dream.  The toys they have to play with in the parking lot are impressive, all kinds of mobile smokers and dressed up cars and trucks with their logo painted all over it.  It's like the bat cave of BBQ.  Holy Smoke Batman....To the Rollin' Smokemobile Robin!  And just like that they are on the move to provide smokey BBQ goodness wherever hungry folk most need them.  Also make sure you visit their party room and you will find a fun pig shaped fish tank that looks like a BBQ smoker.  Look inside and rather than coral you have all kinds of smoked meats for the fish to swim with.  Hit the button and smoke even comes out of the top of the tank.  Apparently this tank was featured on Animal Planet's show - Tanked. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=dTv25Jp39MplokBxlgRkkg#QMwyRQhoijuHeKKEaQLoeA

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=dTv25Jp39MplokBxlgRkkg#VrpJ5wb8xPouU_LyfaecEw
Went here today and it was off the hook.  Im from Louisiana and my buddy is from Tennessee and this joint is by far the best BBQ in Vegas.   It definitely brings the southern feel to Vegas....  chef is awesome......
This is a go-to for my husband...decided I had to try it. Got the trio of sliders with pork, brisket and the spicy sausage. Om nom nom. The Kickin beans are hot and tasty. Bonus: I checked in and got a free peach cobbler. Fantastic. I'll be back to try the ribs.
After sampling the brisket, pulled pork and hot links, I can safely say the meats alone are plenty of reason to come here. The smoke ring on the brisket looks like perfection and tastes like a gift from above. Sampled sides were a delicious mac & cheese (with two home made pickles hiding under the styrofoam bowl) and these fried creamed corn poppers that cannot be properly described in text - they are a delightful experience. The home-made house sauce is bold and flavorful and more than enough for most meals, but there are two more home-made sauces as well - a sweet sauce that compliments the pork very well, and a "damn hot" sauce that is very tasty and has a sneaky heat that gets you after the second mouthful. Great meats, excellent sides, great sauces and a friendly staff make this place a must-visit on your next trip to Sin City.
I walked into this place and almost walked out due to the diveyness of the place.  As I was standing in line, 3 separate people told me how good the food was.... and holy crap were they right.  The food was AMAZING!!!  I plan on hitting this place up every time I go to Vegas in the future.  The prices are very reasonable too!

Expect a ghetto ambiance and go there for the food!  You won't regret it!
Big Bang for the Buck"

They do not skimp on the portions. We shared the Pit Special (4 meats 3 sides and a soft drink). For 20 bucks you can't beat it. Here is my analysis of the components. Brisket... nicely cooked but somewhat dry. (Put a little of their sauce on it.) Pork ribs... the huge fatty ones. Nice taste but too much fat. Chicken... very good. Hot link... spicy but excellent. Now the Sides: corn nuggets, excellent. Jalapeno cole slaw, a little short on taste. Bacon potato salad, excellent.
Next visit I would try the baby back ribs.
Don't trust Google for directions. It's not an easy place to find.
OMG!!!  My boyfriend and I tried Rollin Smoke BBQ for the first time tonight.  Can you say YUMMY and SCRUMPTIOUS???

Let me start off by clarifying that this awesome restaurant is NOT in the ghetto.  It is in an industrial area.....big difference.  We found it to be clean and very comfortable!  Great service.....they made you feel welcomed, like you are a part of the family.  

We had the 4 meat combo with 3 sides and the hot wings.  All items were super yummy!  The brisket was moist and basically melted in your mouth!  The ribs fell off the bone and were very tasty!  My boyfriend is addicted to wings.  He could not stop raving about their wings!  Next time, we plan on trying the "damn hot" version.  The hot link sausage and chicken were delicious also!

But let me tell you about these addictive corn nuggets!!!!  Woohoo!!!!  Sweet and yummy bites of heaven!!!  YOU must absolutely try these morsels of yummy goodness!

We will definitely return for more!!!  Thanks guys!
Keeping this short and sweet.
This was stop #1 on my Food Adventure Bachlorette Par-tay! One afternoon - 4 restaurants off the strip. Exploring was fun :)

Living in Oklahoma has lent me a very specific palate for Que.  I like my meats with little sauce and plenty of seasoned flair. Rollin Smoke could give the mid-west a little competition! We were also fortune enough to drop by on a day where they were setting up a photobooth for a children's charity.

The decor was minimal, as it should be. Sort of picnic style. Ordered at the podium.
There was plenty of room for large groups. My party consisted of 7. We order a couple things to share and it was more than enough.

Chicken and pulled pork. Holy. Hell. Both were super moist and tender. The chicken was my favorite by far. Nice smokey goodness. It had great smoke flavor and fell off the frekkin' bone. My two favorite things!

Brisket- Sad to report that it was too dry for me.

Kudos Rollin Smoke! I'm bring the man zone here when we're in town!
Until otherwise Rollin Smoke is King of Las Vegas BBQ.

This is the best example of a small business that through word of mouth has become a smash hit with people everywhere!!! Rollin Smoke has come along way in such a short time, I remember when you could see the chefs in kitchen cooking up a storm from the front counter and the area when you walked in was the only place to sit.

Situated between the strip and the 15 highway, Rollin is on South Highland Dr inside a small strip mall. You will see the smoker and or food truck out front, so be sure to keep your eyes peeled.

The best recommendation for a Rollin Smoke lunch or dinner is: Everything..... From the Ribs to the Brisket and home made deserts, this place won't disappoint you. If your hungry go after the Outlaw Burger... It's one tough burger to get into, and you will be full after.

I will say due to being on a few tv shows recently, the lines might start to increase, so get in early!!!!!

Overall
Price: $$
Drink: 3-5 (soda - no booze)
Food: 5-5
Service: 5-5
Come back: everyday if I could 

Catering:
I'll add In here I had Rollin Smoke come to my house and cater my sons 1st birthday... There wasn't to many kids mostly adults.

The guys were amazing, coming early to setup and checking in on every one to make sure all was good throughout the party. 

Bringing in a smoker to cater the party was also a pretty awesome choice, I'm pretty sure the neighborhood was drooling at the smell. Highly recommend for anyone and everyone... Also a real decent price....

Overall: top shelf
Hand down the BEST BBQ I've had in Las Vegas!  Beats the pants off those chain places and Big Mike is down home good people!  Stop in and git ya some BBQ and homemade cobbler ... you won't leave hungry.
Had the burger,  it was the shizzznit. I will definitely be back.  I plan on trying everything on the menu.  I will be back soon.
A fellow BBQ nut that was visiting Vegas a few weeks ago told me about this place and that I had to try it out... So here I am on business and I found time on my last night to go.
Wanting to try several things and leave my options open, I went for the $25 All you can eat.  It is not buffet, don;t worry, they ask want you want to start with and bring you more of anything on the menu.  I started with the brisket, pork ribs and the beef ribs my friend could not stop taking about.  
These are not your normal small, barely any meat back ribs, these are short ribs, and contrary to the name, they are not short or small. These are the "Dino Ribs" and full of tender flavor.
Enough of that, the Beef ribs were among the best I had, the brisket was a lean cut, I wish I asked for the moist / fatty , not sure if they have it, but that is what I try to get.  I found this brisket to be pretty good, tender & flavorful, I just prefer mine from "The Point"
The Spareribs had a great flavor, the right 'bite', you do not want fall off the bone, many may think that, but the best have a bit of bite, but are also tender.  These were so.
The service was great, the guy that took my order was patient, he may be the owner, not sure, but worked with me on my order to make sure I got want I wanted.  The servers brought out my food promptly and since I had the all you can eat, they refilled me with more brisket beef ribs at my request.
I am a BBQ lover as other food items. I have tried several places here in town, one of them being a chain which was THE WORST hands down (no names mentioned).  Then my husband was introduced to Rollin Smoke and I have been addicted ever since!  A very small place with a BIG MENU! I have tried many things there and my favorite by far is the Beef Rib order. I  So meaty and tender I can't get enough! The Baked Potato "Spudtastic" is a meal in itself! You can order it with whatever meat you like and it is Loaded! If you are getting sides, don't leave without trying the Kickin Baked Beans, full of meat and flavor with a little spice kick!  No matter what you order, there is NO LET DOWN HERE!
What can I say, best BBQ in Vegas. No question. Everything is yummy but the cornbread is a must. Even the smoked chicken is soft and moist. They don't kill the flavor with too much sauce like some places. Prices are very reasonable, and the staff is super friendly and helpful. The location is in an industrial area but don't let it scare u away. It's a bunch of "normal" people eating inside ;)
3 stars because appeasing to the masses, sometimes, comes at the cost of dullness.
Smoked meats are fantastic, but without a uniqueness in choice of woods ( Bleh - traditional mesquite and hickory  :-P ) or without some real body of unique seasonings,,, what have ya got?  If flavor WAS there,, I didn't taste it, and I ate slowly. I had the pulled pork and brisket. Both of these should be oozing with flavor.. I had to lightly sauce every bite to enjoy it.
However, the brisket was cooked perfectly, pork a little over but no biggie..the table-side sauce is excellent which got me thinking... Maybe that was their intention? To leave it bland and let the customers sauce it to their liking?
In Vegas... No balls no blue chips.
Ok, for you out of towners. This place is located in the industrial district part of town. In some ways it reminds me of having BBq in the Midwest. The decore is very, very simple.  When you enter i was greeted with a large menu on the wall, and a gentle men standing at a tall podium, I felt as if I was ordering from Bbq god, later found out that I was!! The food here was awesome I ordered a Trio: brisket perfect smoke and great seasoning. Pulled pork flavor was spot on yet a little dry, nothing a little sauce didn't fix.  Ribs were the best I have had in LV. A friend of mine had the outlaw burger and I tried a small bite.  Perfect balance of flavor, my only suggestion is to not over mix the ground meat, also mix the meat when it is really cold. The texture of the burger was off for a med/mid rare burger, really dense as if the meat was over worked, it was like meatloaf. Other then that, its worth the wait. This will now be the only place I will go for Bbq for a while.  GREAT JOB, R&S!
This place is awesome food here is excellent. I would really recommend getting the ribs they are so good. They fall right off the bone yet still retains a nice bite that you would want to get from a good piece of meat. Their sides are also really good the cheesy mac is super creamy and cheesy. 

The prices here are also pretty good. I would not consider it cheap but its a good value for the quality and amount of food you get. 

Service here is really good too. Everybody is really nice and helpful. Sometimes when it gets really busy it gets a little chaotic due to the tight space they have but you can still tell everybody there is giving it their all to try and provide the best service they can.
Best BBQ I've had.
We stopped here for a late lunch on a Saturday afternoon. It's in a strip mall located near a Christian radio station and other assorted businesses.

I had the BBQ club wrap and DAMN was it good. Delicious, filling, tasty, flavorful, cheesy, meaty. Plus they have sweet tea and I'm a sucker for sweet tea.

The man had 1/2lb of brisket, and it was sooooo tender and delicious.

Did I mention the BBQ sauce on the tables? Delicious.

Our friends got a plate of various ribs which were fall off the bone good, and the same wrap as I.

You must try this place!!
PRO:
This place is and easy 4 stars.  The BBQ here is simply awesome.  The brisket was extremely tasty and tender (smoke ring very apparent, none of that reheated meat you find some places).  I also had the Pulled Piggy, my favorite by the way, with the sweet and tangy BBQ sauce provided on the table.  In addition, our table also had the short ribs and meatloaf of all things and to say say they were delicious would not be enough.  Eat here for great prices great tasting BBQ, it's as simple as that.

CON:
The only downside I could find and the reason for the 4 stars vice 5 is the wait time.  Understandably this place had a line outside but if the wait time could be cut to under 20 minutes a definite 5 star.
This place rocked my socks. It's so good and has an authentic southern feel. Their ribs & chicken are so bomb! Try the jalapeo coleslaw. It'll leave you on your ass!! It's so good and hot.  The wait varies but it's worth it. Kinda lowkey spot too from a tourist point of view ^_^
I saw this place on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives and thought I would check out something local the next time I was in Vegas (as in non-chain and not in a major hotel).  Pulling into the location, it looked a bit shady.  I hesitated.  Then I noticed there was a good sized line inside.  Maybe this is a local favorite after all then, right?  The staff was super friendly.  The food was meh.  I've from Tennessee and I grew up having great BBQ so this didn't quite meet my expectations, especially after reading all the rave reviews online.  I would probably not venture this way again, but I also wouldn't complain if I got dragged along with someone else.  Maybe I have a different standard, but I though it was just okay.
I tell everyone looking for a great BBQ here in Vegas that Rollin Smoke is the best in town! Maybe the best in the region. 

Starting with an option of all you can eat for just under $25 dollars (all day everyday, everything on the menu) and a large amount delicious sides, YOU CANT GO WRONG! 

*THE OUTLAW BURGER is the greatest burger. (beef patty with brisket, onions, bell pepper, onion strings, red cabbage, slaw, lettuce, tomato and cheddar.)
Yelp needs a new star rating for this place. Recently opened an office down the street and stopped in to get some lunch. The place is simple. Large menu on the wall, order counter, self serve soda machine. But that's not what makes them great. I ordered a brisket sandwich. WOW. It was awesome. I have been back every week sense that first visit and have tried many different menu items. Each one has been great. If you like food, you have to eat here. Don't be to choosy, everything is worth trying.
If you want some amazing BBQ this is the place.  I came here for lunch after hearing and reading rave reviews.  I came around 11:50 on a Wednesday and it was still busy.  That lets you know that this place is jammin.  Apparently you can call in the order and they'll have it ready when you come get it, (total plus in my book).  It's a little confusing to get to, but that shouldn't stop you at all.  

I got the Spudtastic with brisket and a side of Bacon Potato Salad.  Everything was fresh and tasted amazing! This will definitely become a lunch/dinner regular for me.  The line never went down while we were there.

Picnic style seating.  We sat at a table with some other people while waiting for their food and everybody was so nice.  Staff and regulars.

Anybody who says this place is okay, and that  it isn't like "back home" is obviously prejudiced to wherever "back home" is.

This place is awesome and definitely worth coming to!!
Having grown up in N.C. I'm a big fan of BBQ. Mainly pork sandwiches. I drove by this place twice and even heard about it through the grapevine. Overall, I would give it a B. I'm not comparing NC BBQ to Vegas BBQ, but some of the side items tasted a bit off and the prices were high.

I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with mac and cheese. I should have noticed the word "pulled" pork as it has a different mouth feel than chopped pork. The pork itself was smoky and tender. Long strips of pork inside a hoagie roll. I added coleslaw to the top which was a mistake. The coleslaw (ugh) had chucky bits of cabbage stalk, jalapenos, carrots, corn and I swear I saw bacon in the mix. It wasn't sweet and it wasn't salty; It added nothing to the meal. The mac and cheese on the other hand was delicious. Oddly enough, it tasted like potatoes au gratin I just bought from the store. 

Aside from that awful coleslaw experience I would go back but not to order the pulled pork sandwich. The prices are a bit high and I wish tried something that was just amazing! I will have to go back when they aren't charging full prices such as after 5pm. Perhaps, the ribs and brisket are better.
Walked in and saw the Arkansas Razorback flag, and thought this place has to be good. I was wrong.....it's GREAT.  The baby back ribs were the best I've ever had. Ever. And I don't know what they do to the cornbread, but I hope they serve that in heaven. Good job!  WPS!
Definately try this place! We went with a large group and everything was delicious. They even gave us desserts because we mentioned Yelp.
As I write this I am about 60 minutes removed from the table and I am uncomfortably full yet wholly content. I was told about Rollin' Smoke Barbeque about a week ago and I have been wanting to try it since.  I can check that off the list now.  I went with a co-worker, the very some man who told me about it in the first place.  Immediately upon my exit of the car in the tiny parkign lot I noticed the smell of BBQ smoke.  It was only enhanced as I entered the establishment.  Aside from the delicious smell of BBQ, which has permeated every fiber of my clothing and still lingers, I was greeted by a huge version of their menu posted to the wall.  I opted for the smaller hand held version though.  It was easier to read.  After looking at said menu for a few minutes I decided on the brisket dog.  I also ordered a side of corn nuggets based on reccomendations from my dining acquaitance of the day.  The hot dog was immense to the point where I gave up eating it with my hands and went with the fork and knife method.  It was a heavy gauge dog with a fantastic red color and the nice snap of a natural casing.  But it was difficult to actually see that beneath the truck load of fried onions, chopped brisket and nacho cheese.  What a gut buster this behemoth is.  Then there are the corn nuggets.  Little bite sized fried pieces of corny goodness.  It is best described as fried creamed corn.  It is crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside with the sweetness I have grown to love.  Frying it just adds to the alure.  After eating the dog and these corn nuggets along with drinking a cup of lemonade, I am stuffed.
Man on man! Just got done eating here and it was awesome! There were things that I had that I don't recommend like the chicken and pulled pork..not the best that I ever had but you gotta put alot of bbq sauce on it...but the most amazing things were the fried catfish, beef ribs, pork ribs, corn nuggets,brisket, hush puppies. I like the environment here it's very casual where you order your food grab your own drinks and just wait for your food to come out. Plus they are open late so thank you for a great meal I'll be back
Tonight was a good night for new culinary experiences. After watching the new Maleficent movie and having a few glasses of wine, we decided to make our way to Rollin Smoke. I have heard nothing but great things about this place. After checking Yelp, I noticed their 4.5 star overall rating with about 500 reviews. OH-EM-GEE, how have NOT been to this place yet?!?!

It's not surprise, this place is in the middle of an industrial area, right under the freeway and next to all the strip clubs. Sketchy as heck, but holy smoker in their parking lot! The aroma of smoked meats filled the air. I didn't care what the outside looked like, I was more interested in what they had to offer! The inside of the joint is a down home BBQ joint! Different reds and yellows adorn the wall, different rooms to accommodate different types of parties. They have a few rooms and even outside space. There were metal table tops, wooden benches, TVs in each room and a mirage on the back wall of the room we chose to dine in.On every table there was a bottle of their homemade BBQ sauce. It was more of a vinegar base, a little too tangy but that's just my own taste. The staff was super efficient. The guy who took my order, I think was one of the owners. He was super personable and really seemed to care about how things were going, how I liked my food and really thanked me for coming in. For my meal, I wanted to try a few things. Here's what I got:

Half slab of beef ribs, 2 bones, for $15.99. This Smokin Plate came with a side, I chose collard greens, corned bread or roll and a drink. The beef ribs were the best beef ribs I've ever had! It literally just fell off the bone, no joke. The rub they used brought so much flavor to the rib! Every bite was juicy, flavorful and packed with smokey goodness. The collard greens were cooked with brisket, had a little spice and vinegar and so good!

Pulled piggy sandwich for $7.99. **There's a Yelp special when you check in** Every sandwich purchase comes with a free dessert. I chose the peach cobbler (usually for $3.99). The pulled pork sandwich was made with chopped pork, not finely shredded. I loved that because the meat had some depth to it. It was served on a hot dog bun which was different but seemed to work! The corn bread side was buttery and moist, probably the best corn bread I've ever had! I made a comment that my grandma's corn bread was unbelievable but this one gave my grandma's bread a run for it's money (Sorry grandma!).  As my free dessert, the peach cobbler was gooey and filled with chunks of peaches. 

I must say, this is THE BEST BBQ joint in Las Vegas, hands down. I've had a few BBQ joints here before but nothing compares to Rollin Smoke. This place really does a great job at serving great food. When I'm here, it's just good ole country fun. Looking around the dining area, every party seemed to have a huge smile on their face. I've been to lots of places down south, from Nashville, to Louisville, to Charlotte. BBQ joints different where every go but when you're in Las Vegas, you REALLY need to get your butts down here. You will NOT be disappointed!
I had brisket, ribs, and pulled pork. The brisket was so super chewy, the rib was far from juicy and tender, the pulled pork was better cooked but had lots of sinew in it. The bbq was probably the worst i have had it cooked. My wife had the catfish plate which was good. The bbq flavors were good just needed more love on the cooking side along with some care not to serve chunks of things people cant eat in there pork
I go to vegas quite often for business.  Because most of my associates are turning in their expenses for reimbursement, they opt for the fancy expensive hotel restaurants.  Me?  although i love a juicy $50 steak someone else is paying for, when i spend my own money, i love to find treasures like RSB.

A hole in the wall that you need to travel off strip for in the industrial district, but, ROLLIN SMOKE BARBEQUE is well worth the effort!.  

The menu is pretty simple but with a wide variety of options.  I asked for a suggestion and was told the brisket and rib plate with slaw.  FABULOUS choice!

The brisket was tender and thinly sliced.  The subtle smoke flavor was deep in the meat.

The ribs fell right off of the bone with just the right amount of sauce to compliment the meat.

The slaw was fresh and spicy and had some corn in it to add to the flavor.

Team was friendly.  The place was clean.

If you are looking for a burger, i saw one being delivered to a table that looked incredible.

If visiting from out of town and want a real treat at an affordable price, go here!
Places is great! Been there almost ten times. Never have I had a bad meal here. The people who own it are good peeps. Also the place is reasonably priced. Hands down best bbq spot in town.
Quite possibly the best rib place I found here in Vegas... While I love other places, not to mention those other places are good... For the price, environment, and service, I definitely will be back here and also continue to being friends... Beef ribs, all kinda of ribs, in fact the whole menu is just bomb...
Hidden in the back streets near the I-15 freeway, this is a true diamond in the rough.  This is the most tender BBQ I've ever had.  They use a dry rub and the focus is not on the BBQ sauce (they only have one type of sauce), but on the taste of the meat.

Ordered the rib platter special which includes one beef, two spare, and three baby back ribs and one side and drink as recommended by Dusty.  This is a great deal at $17.99 and I could barely finish everything (not to mention that I skipped lunch).  Also, the special lets you try the different types of ribs, just in case you not sure what to order the next time.

My favorite out of the three is definitely the beef rib.  It's huge, something that you what expect if you were Fred Flintstone.  The meat just falls off the bone, I mean literally.  This is not easy to do, as other beef ribs I've tasted didn't even come close.

My second choice would be the baby back ribs followed by the spare ribs.

The service is extremely friendly and helpful, Dusty was very patient and thoroughly explained what he recommends.  Just about everyone asked how my meal was.  It's a sit down but someone would come by to drop off your food by calling out your name.

Highly recommended, well worth driving to from the Strip or Downtown.
First off, when you get here you wonder if you are the right place. It looks like a hole in the wall from the outside and it isn't in the safest of places (late at night). But once you walk in, you are greeting with a delicous smell of BBQ and walls of true Razorback fans! The inside is completely different the outside. This place is true BBQ. Everything was fantastic and the owner is really, really nice. We all got something different and there wasn't one back thing. I got the beef ribs which were literally fall off the bone. We also got the smoked meatloaf and pulled piggy sandwich. The piggy sandwich was very tender and moist but the star of the meals really was the meatloaf. I don't like meatloaf but I liked this one. It isn't your traditional meatloaf, it is smoked and BBQ. So very good. The portions are huge as well! You really don't need too many sides if any but if you do get some, the greens are good, yams and mac n cheese are good! I bet the rest are as well. I highly recommend going here! Yum!
This is a real hidden treat off the strip. When you walk in, you order at a podium then sit either inside or out at big picnic tables. The food is brought out to you fast and is delicious. We ordered the Outlaw Burger, the beef ribs and sides of greens and cornbread. The burger (which is HUGE)  is made of brisket and is topped with cabbage slaw, fried onion strings, chipotle aioli, lettuce and tomato and was perfectly cooked. The beef ribs come with two bones and are Flintstone size. They have the perfect amount of char and completely fall off the bone. The greens are cooked with brisket instead of bacon or ham and are well worth adding on as a side if not included with your meal choice. The cornbread was a little sweet for our taste but certainly good. Prices are very reasonable. As new residents of Las Vegas, we will definitely be back.
This a review on the second time around. The first I went food and service was great the owner (who I believed to be) made sure we were fully satisfied. The second time however the service was ABSOLTUTELY HORRID. They took over an hour to bring out our food. The entire time they never put our order in due to horrible miscommunication that the server made us feel as if it was our fault! The guy even had an attitude. One of the mgrs on duty tried to offer banana pudding  without even knowing i dont like bananas. I even noticed him having some of his thumb in another customers dessert while he dropped it off! So all in all because of the food itself I round up 3.5 to 4. Hopefully the next time we wont have such horrible experience because it is so hard to find great BBQ in Vegas.
We ate here for the first time after hearing how great it was.I can't wait to go back.We ordered the 4 meat 3 side plate for $19.95.Great way to sample the food.Practically licked my fingers after we ate, it was that tasty.You must be patient as there is a line to order usually.All of the food we ate tasted fresh though.Great ribs and meats Worth a try and you will want more.
Just went to this place today...since quite a few ppl said it's the BOMB thought we'd try it... we ordered 2 duo plates: ribs/chkn w/collard greens & brisket/pork w/maccheese ...not sure if our expectations are too high but, we're totally disappointed. Portions are way better than Dickeys BBQ but the sides/meat are cold/bland. The sauce us good though... btw doesn't taste/or looked like it came right of the grill either should have taken a picture before we tossed them... and, we called our orders in 15-20 minutes early... still had to wait extra 15 minutes when we got there... just not "THE BOMB" BBQ that everyone has been telling us. We spent $23+ for the 2 combo plates. Southern Pines North Carolina Dickeys BBQ has been the best for us. Sorry for the negative review but I had to tell the truth. I'm sure you'll find my review with the rest of NOT so good reviews.
This place was incredible!!! I like my BBQ with the sauce on the side so that I can taste the meat. The brisket was tasty, the pulled pork was great, and the ribs were outstanding. I saw an AYCE anything of the menu for $24.95. That could be dangerous for me....
We ordered brisket, hot links, pulled pork, kickin beans, jalapeo coleslaw, fried okra, & cornbread. Every single thing I ate was delicious. The brisket & pulled pork basically melt in your mouth. The hot links were the perfect amount of spicy. The jalapeo coleslaw had was a great mix of spicy sweet. I enjoyed every last bite and I could go on for days about the corn bread. I can't remember the last time, if ever, I've had such delicious mouth watering moist cornbread. Stop reading this & just go...go now!!
Holy cow talk about BBQ this place is awesome. It was my first time there and it was packed and now I know why. Food is excellent. Service is good. The meats are amazing had the brisket, chicken, beef ribs, Mac and cheese, salad etc....oh and the corn bread the best I ever had.
Oh man. BBQ. A touchy subject for many. A food I feel like I'd only have once a month. When the urge comes calling, this is where I'll be.

Most important thing about Rollin' Smoke is the way they'll take care of you. These are some great people who care about the food they're making and your happiness when you walk out. With that said, I'll jump into what we had.

- The Outlaw burger. I think calling this the best burger in Vegas is grossly inaccurate. I suspect there is actually better on the menu (which I'll have to try soon). The burger patty itself was huge and delicious. The toppings did not do the patty justice. Basically, a colossal pile of sliced cabbage and onion rings. Great as a side, no justice as a burger topping. But hey, that's just me.

- The trio, with brisket, ribs, and chicken. All three meats were very well seasoned. Loved all the flavors. The brisket was lean, good marbling, but dry. The ribs were large and juicy. The chicken was also perfectly cooked and still juicy.

- Chicken a la carte. Hey, it's chicken! Good flavor and perfectly cooked, as I mentioned.

- Side of beans. So good! Not too sweet or overspiced. I'm a sucker for good BBQ beans.

- Side of mashed potatoes. These were tasty and filled with little extras like bacon and greens. A bit overspiced.

- Berry cobbler (included for free with Yelp checkin at the time!). This was an unexpected delight. I expected a dessert packed full of sugar. What I got was just the right touch of sugar in a genuinely home-made tasting piece of cobbler.  Great crust and flavorful berries without intense sweetness. This is a good item to share with a lot of people.

I'm definitely going to be back to try another burger but until then... this will be the only BBQ I go to when the craving strikes.
Haven't had BBQ this good since we lived in Texas!   3 meat platter was super tasty- got brisket , pork , and ribs.  Side plates were great.  

The clientele was all locals; it's a little ways off the strip. No frills but a fantastic meal.

My only complaint is they don't serve beer .
amazing food and service. the price for desert is a little bit much but i got it for free with my check in. never knew this place was here.
Hole in the wall kind of place but nice and full of picnic tables. Incredible BBQ and BBQ sauce. Everything was excellent. Probably the top five BBQ I've had. 
Friendly staff. No Alcohol sold there. Did I mention the food was great? This is a definite place I would use if needing to use for catering.
Absolutely delicious.  I wasn't sure about it when we pulled in at 830 on a Friday night but the second I walked in the door, I was greeted by the aroma of the sweet sent of BBQ. Pit Special is what was ordered and nothing of it was a disappointment.  I am pleased to recommend Rollin Smoke Barbecue to anyone looking for great cooking, mouth watering food.
This place loves hot spicy flavor!

I ordered a platter with ribs and pulled pork. It came with toast and a choice of side. I was hard pressed to find a side that wasn't spicy - jalapeo coleslaw and kickin' beans?! They let me substitute cornbread, and it was the best dang cornbread I've eaten in my life. So fluffy, so moist, so delicate, so smooth and sweet. Next time I need double corn bread! The ribs didn't have much of a smoke ring, but the smoke wasn't lacking and the rub was good. The sauce is spicy, but a perfect amount. The most impressive thing was when I asked for butter, they served me a container of warm melty butter, YUM!

My husband got brisket, which was kind of dry, but the seasoning was great, and it was perfectly salted. The loaded mashed potatoes were awesome, as if they mashed it using some of the bacon grease from the topping - so yummy.

Even my kid's food was good. The hot dog was a fat juicy meaty delicious thing, and he got hush puppies or corn nugget things that I couldn't stop stealing. The only thing he didn't like was that the cheese he ordered was spicy nacho cheese. No surprise.

This place is better than Dickeys, Road Kill Grill, and Famous Dave's, but Lucille's still takes the cake.
Ordered a brisket sandwich and an order of baby back ribs and two drinks for 33 bucks. Over priced for the quality of the food. My order was to go and we ate the food about 15 minutes receiving the food. 

Brisket sandwich was horrible. It was so dry that I couldn't take more that 2 bites. Waffle fries were stale hard and cold. The baby back ribs we're ok but cold and they forgot the side item I ordered. Will never go back.
Finally, real BBQ in las vegas! If you havent been here you better make the trip! I've been to Franklins and Salt Lick in Austin and this is just as good.
Beef ribs. Got the full rack. Delicious and huge! Wife had the outlaw burger and it was very good as well. Will definitely be back
Going to make this brief and will update after I eat here a second time. Which will happen. 

This is really good BBQ. Not great but a heck of a lot better than good. 

Pork Ribs - 4 star 
Pulled Pork - 3 star 
Brisket 2.5 star 
Beef Rib 4 star 

So I recommend everything but the brisket was lacking a bit. Like I said just good. 

I enjoyed the hushpuppies, corn fritters, bbq beans 

Had both the Peach Cobbler and Banana Pudding and enjoyed both. 

I will write a more detail review soon as this place isn't great but it is really good and probably the best you will get in Vegas. And some of the food does almost get to the great line.

As well looks like Review 200 was my favorite BBQ Joint and Review 250 is a BBQ joint that just missed making my top 10. To be fair it is fierce competition.
I cant believe I keep forgetting to review this place! This is by far the best bbq I have ever had. Yes the location is questionable. Yes the restaurant itself could use some work. But the food... The food is incredible. The ribs are huge. The sandwiches are huge. The loaded mash side is delicious. The banana pudding is to die for. Get over there now and eat!
Well this confirmed I should have rounded down instead of up after last time.  I think this place probably has its good days and not as good days.  Today was a down day and the 1st time was a better day.  I was at a 3.5 after the 1st time and gave it a 4, today it earned it's three.  

Had the rib combo 3 baby back,  2 spare, 1 beef. The beef rib came out sauced,  I didn't expect that as it didn't last time.  I sent it back and asked for one without sauce. When I got the plate back it was the same rib with sauce rubbed off. This was highly irritating. Wonder what else was done to my food while it was sent back.  I don't dare to let my mind wonder that road.  I should have been served a new rib that had never been sauced.  Not one that was wiped off. Sigh, urg, I seem to be more upset about this the more I think about it. The beef rib was good this time not as good as the 1st time.  The baby backs were better than the spare but both were underdone as neither pulled away from the bone easy and were kinda tough, even though they had good flavor. Definitely not as good as the 1st time. 

The 1st time I also had the brisket which was above average but not great.  Also had pulled pork that was pretty good.  

All the meats here do have varying degrees of a Smokey taste,  as well varying degrees of smoke rings.  So they are cooking these meats with the right methods. 
 
For sides I have enjoyed the corn nuggets and fritters both times, but I am not sure if these are not just prepackaged items instead of homemade. 

Last but not least the desserts. I had the berry cobbler today.  I would definitely stay away from this item as it wasn't very good.  Ordering the peach cobbler and banana pudding seem like your safest and tastiest bets for dessert. 

In summary if this was my 1st time it would be my last time. Still can't believe I didn't get a fresh rib instead they just wiped it off. If this would have been my 1st time they would have been 2 stars based just on that fact alone. Not sure if I will stop back in here or not.  On a good day they are the best in the area. (Really no good bbq in Vegas, so thats not saying much (though I have one that just popped on my radar that I need to try), ). On a bad day well it is just okay. 

Your milage may vary.
The food was ok at best and a bit pricey.  The location of the restaurant is in industrial area off the strip and small.  Even though the restaurant is small there is plenty of room to sit comfortably.  The staff was ok but the food does take a while be brought out.  The restaurant has an offer on Yelp for a free desert if you check in.... make sure you let them know prior to finishing your order if not they will not honor it.  I told the gentleman at the register just as he gave me my total and another guy who was standing behind him said I should have told them earlier.  He made no attempt to honor the offer he just waited for my payment.
I usually question a place so close to a strip club, but the food was so awesome. Had the duo meat plate with brisket, ribs and mashed potatoes.  Yeah a real fat boy meal but I was starving. The brisket was very tender and tasty,  complemented by their super good bbq sauce that you should make sure you get more of. Ribs were also very tender. Not fall off the bone tender since the skin is cooked rather well but remains juicy. My favorite part of the meal though was the mash. Not to take away from other parts of the meal, this was just that garlicky, bacon infused, cheesyness good. Def worth it.
I have tried this place 2x so far...  The first time was about 9 months ago..  I thought it was just good a place that i dont mind going to...On that occasion i ordered a half rack of ribs, mac and cheese, mashed and 2 beef ribs..  I thought it was good..

I went here recently with a friend of mine.. This time I ordered the meatloaf.. It was absolutely the best meatloaf i have ever had EVER... Cheesecake factory has a version of this but it does not even compare to this... It sat on top of a bed of mashed potatoes with this bbq gravy,, topped with onion straws..  I believe they smoke the meatloaf... Whatever they do,, I am a big fan... It was one of those meals that you will remember..  My friend got the outlaw burger,, He really liked it and it was impressive when it was brought out...  It looked like a mess to eat,, but looked good..  The desserts are decent but this meatloaf was slap your mother good...  Hope this Yelps
Wow this place takes the cake for best hospitality. It is rare nowadays to find a good place with superb service and have the most amazing food. This place takes care of you like family! 
On to the food:
The corn fritters... OMG! Can I say a party in my mouth?!!! I could probably eat these forever or until I get a heart attack. I was never one for corn fritters but this totally converted me! 
The outlaw burger: totally agree with reviews of having the best burger in vegas. Prepare to share as the portions are huge! Or don't share and keep it all to yourself  
Will definitely be back for this place. Thanks for an amazing experience!
Rollin smoke catered a 150+ resident pool party for Sky Las Vegas Condos. Amazing, everyone loved the food. Chef Tim, his crew were on point and everything was served hot, fresh and absolutely delicious! I had so many people tell me "this is their new favorite bbq" We will be using them again!!
I cannot wait to go back! The food was awesome! I had the brisket and chicken which had great Smokey flavor and wasn't smothered in sauce.  The prices are reasonable and there are a lot menu items to choose from.  My roommate got the burger and enjoyed it.
On the way back from Zion we stopped at Rollin Smoke BBQ, it was easy to get to off the freeway and soooo good! The beef ribs were incredible, like one dreams about. Good portion size and a nice low key atmosphere with a couple of different seating areas. Will be back!
This was our first time going here to this restaurant which was really good. The burgers and brisket are highly recommended. Not too crispy and not too chewy, it was a great BBQ meal. To top it off, put the delicious barbecue sauce on it. The prices were not high either for such great tasting food. Service was quick and helpful. Overall a fantastic place for lunch or a group dinner.
Two words: freakin' awesome. If you love BBQ this is a must. A little out of the way but worth the drive/cab ride. You will not find such awesomeness on the strip...and super reasonable prices. Their burger was amazing-it was actually smoked! Their banana pudding was simply perfect. I have never had a better one and I'm a bit of a banana pudding addict. Just go- you will be so happy you did!
Oh man this place has delicious ribs the meat falls right off and they have this tangy/hot sauce so yummy with the meat. We got some sides with our meal mac and cheese and mashed potatoes I wasn't impressed they didn't have any flavor and the mashed potatoes were room temperature, that's why I gave them 4 stars.
What a disappointment! I have to wonder about the validity of all the positive reviews.

Great service? It's literally nonexistent.

I had beef ribs and one of them was 95 percent fat. The barbecue sauce tasted putrid for want of a better word, like it was unrefrigerated for a long time.

We split a four meat platter as well and nothing about it was in any way remarkable. My wife commented that the ribs at the Gold Coast buffet are better, and I agree.

She ordered onion laces and they were just a pile of greasy limpness. I wish we would have taken a picture.

This place is nothing more than mediocre at best. Don't believe the hype on here. Plus, it is nearly impossible to find.
Baby back ribs, slab, pulled pork, all smoked to perfection. The beef ribs were a little dry. 

I like very saucey BBQ meats and this isn't what they serve. Their sauce is thin, not over-powering. If you like good, dry rubs or just good meat, eat here. 

So many options to pick from! I wanted to try the wings, brisket, bacon potato salad, burger, onion rings...

It may be worth it to starve yourself for a day to get all you can eat for $25. 

Really cool vibe! Picnic benches indoors, simple podium to order from, really enjoyed it!
Toller unscheinbarer Laden mit exzellentem BBQ ! Wer also nach einem richtigen BBQ sucht ist hier absolut richtig - Wir hatten den Ribs teller mir Babyribs, normale Ribs und Rinder Ribs... sehr geil !  fr meinen Geschmack war das Ganze vielleicht einen Tick zu rauchig - mag aber auch daran liegen das wir in Deutschland nichts vergleichbares haben und es einfach nicht gewohnt sind - deshalb 4/5
I was really looking forward to trying this spot, I had it in my bookmarks forever! But unfortunately my mind wasn't quite as blown as I had expected. Perhaps I didn't do enough yelp researching to make an educated order. I got the pulled pork and hotlinks with mac and cheese and the corn fritters. The pulled pork and corn fritters were really good, and I love there bbq sauce, but I really didn't care for the hot links or mac n cheese. I do want to go back and try some of the more recommended items. 

To end on a high note, their customer service and hospitality was awesome! This place is kind of located in a sketchy area so I have to admit I was a little intimidated walking in for the first time, but everyone was super welcoming and friendly.
First time in Vegas, but didn't want to eat at typical local tourist-y spots. When I search for food in new locations, I usually search for Mom and Pop shops. This is THE Mom and Pop shop to dine at. The quality was amazing. The succulent beef ribs were cooked to perfection. My only regret was not ordering the buffet option and only being able to visit once. If I ever step foot in Vegas again, this is the spot I'll return to; and not just a single visit either. My suggestion is to with a group, order the buffet, and try everything on the damn menu!
This place is outstanding!! I consider myself choosy when buying ribs away from home because I have come to prefer what I usually cook. Man, this place has a great menu and well-prepared ribs. They ribs were just what you want from wood-cooking. Tasty and tender. I will be visiting this place every time I go to Vegas!
Great BBQ spot near the strip, but not on the strip. its a small place so make sure you spot the grill outside the parking lot. Staff is very friendly, food came out quick and it was delicious!!! A must try!
I am a simple man, and when i am in search of good bbq, i only ask for one thing...flavor.

From the chicken, to the ribs, to the brisket, to a majority of the sides...this place has got it. Just moved out to vegas and this place will be my go-to from now on.
BBQ was so flavorful and tasty. The family loved it. Plenty of food for the price. Awesome service.
This place is GOOD! AT least the rib tips corn fritters and beans anyway. Brought a friend who thought it was great too! So sad I haven't been here sooner, but so happy now :) I'll definitely be coming here for BBQ from now on!!
I love this place! The main reason is because as they've grown you can see it in the improvements of their restaurant. It won't be much longer before they are hiring Front of the House staff to man the tables! 

The food is good, The staff is nice. I like that they are getting their name out there and a local business being successful. 

On this trip I had the chicken, which is always good in flavor and spare rib, in the duo smokin plate. The spare rib was tender and tasty. I got the jalapeno coleslaw...it's so good! The BF got the Brisket Dog, omg! If I wasn't eating right, I'd devour that whole thing without a second thought! It was so good, anything with nacho cheese is good! The BF got the potato salad, which was basic but the bacon of course added a yummy touch! 

We love this place! We wish it much success and don't forget your free dessert with your Yelp check in.
Came here with 4 of my hungry friends and ordered the BBQ Sampler. It was delicious and satisfied our bbq craving after 4th of July. Even though we eat a lot it was enough to make us full. Best BBQ in Vegas imo
Unbelievable! I won't be going to Lucilles BBQ anymore.. This place is not only BOMB but the prices are awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great food! The catfish and shrimp was tasty but my only complaint is the mashed potatoes tasted sour
it was good,
You can't get better BBQ than this in LV. It's BBQ heaven. They offer an All You Can Eat! We had the brisket, chicken, spare ribs and the Best Beef Rib this side of the Atlantic Ocean. So tender and juicy! All the food has serious BBQ flavor.  The beans (omg) are what BBQ beans should always be. Don't forget to ask for the Damn Hot BBQ sauce, just to kick up the flavor to spicy. Great staff that will make your visit more enjoyable.
Loved the food! 

I remembered a BBQ place from DDD in Las Vegas and figured I'd try it on my next trip to Vegas. The place is not far from the strip but does look a bit sketchy from the outside. The inside of the restaurant is very clean and the sports tv's are a bonus.

I tried the pulled pork sliders and the rib platter, everything was tasty. The BBQ sauce is delicious, our ribs were cooked perfectly. 

And the corn bread is too die for!!!!
Was surprised at the high rating. I will say the chicken was excellent. The pork, brisket, and hot links were all average at best. The sides were average too. The man taking orders was nice, but the guys delivering the food were so rude. I can't believe I tipped (you tip when you pay for the food at the beginning).
Found this place to be very expensive for the amount food that we got. We order a rack of beef ribs it was &24.99 and it was 4 half ribs.  We also ordered the meal that said 2 to 4 people for $35.00 and was 2 small sides and 4 small biscuits and all the meat was in one styrofoam tray and didn't even come close to feeding 4 people. So $64.00 dollars was a good meal for 2.
Look, I'm Texan.  I've grown up around barbecue.  And I've found that the West Coast didn't have much in the way of barbecue when I was living in SoCal (correct me if I'm wrong, I take suggestions).  And while I like Lucille's here, that's more Cajun than the stuff I grew up with.

On a whim, we found this place.  It's in the middle of nowhere, in an area you probably wouldn't venture to, in a tiny shopping center that you wouldn't notice.  But you'll notice that smell when you step out of the car.  And I mean BAM!

Once that scent hit my nose, I had to know more.  Also, not Texas based, I will graciously concede that Arkansas knows their stuff, and this place knows their stuff.

The staff is nice, and one look at them told me these people weren't anything but legit.  I liked the cook immediately.  We ordered a rib combo plate, and let the dining begin.

It was so good.  Nice and spicy, meat falling off the bone, a big squirt bottle of sauce on the table, I ate and ate and ate, and then I got kind of woozy, and asked for a "to go".  I moaned all the way home.  Partly because I was full, yes, but partly because this place hit the sweet spot of barbecue goodness.  I went for my leftovers, and shredded bones like a barbarian.

I regret nothing.

Will I go back?  Absolutely.  Small, subtle, out of the way, but so worth it when it came to dining options, friendly people, fast service, and quality of food.

They have something called a "BBQ Sundae".  That sounds intriguing, and I wish to know more.
I don't know how I've never had this BBQ or even heard of it, really.  But some BBQ showed up for a catered work lunch and boy was it good.  Now I'm going to have to make a trip to the restaurant to see what it's all about.  I think the best BBQ I had in Vegas  before Rollin Smoke was Famous Dave's, and Famous Dave's sucks.  Glad to know there's good BBQ in Vegas!
This is the best BBQ I have had since Pappys Smoke house in St. Louis. If you come  to Vegas and you don't check this place out you got cheated.
An awesome experience if your looking for great BBQ! It's more cafeteria style in that you order, then sit down and then the food is brought to you. I ordered the brisket sandwich. The brisket is very soft- almost as soft as the bread itself. The sandwich consisted of the brisket, BBQ sauce, and some chopped green onion. I appreciate the simplicity, but everything was the same texture and it could have used a crunch. I liked it though, and I would order it again. My boyfriend got the rib sampler which consisted of spare ribs, baby backs, and one beef rib. Baby back are excellent, spare ribs are everything you would expect, beef rib is very good as well but he doesn't normally like beef ribs. The sauce itself is good and I liked that they only gave one option, because that's the only one you need. We also had the sides Mac n cheese and jalapeo coleslaw. In my opinion, these two sides can be skipped. Mac n cheese tasted a little too artificially cheesy, and the coleslaw had an overwhelming jalapeo flavor. Cornbread was everything you want, sweet, soft, warm, delicious. What really made my experience though, was the amazing staff! They are so helpful and so nice throughout the entire experience. Go here. You'll love it.
The owner was great, such pride in what he does. Food was awesome. Especially recommend the fried onion strings. If you like a little heat, the jalapeo cole slaw rocks.
This place boils the meat & the sauce is boring.
Mom was not impressed... but then she is from KCMO and we are accustomed to the barbeque of KCMO, TN & TX.  

My fried-shrimp was great, but I would have preferred a cocktail sauce and not the their barbeque sauce to dip them in.
Worst bbq I have ever had. The meat was tough, fatty, and their rub was bland as hell! The only reason I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 was because the mac n cheese I got was fairly decent
Good bbq ribs, chicken, Pulled Pork, and Hush puppies. The brisket was very dry and not anything like the pictures on yelp on Saturday at 8pm. The peach cobbler
was my least favorite, but the banana fosters and their bbq sauce were the best part of our $60 takeout meal.
I'm more of a baby back rib guy. The lean, tender, fall of the bone meat was the Holy grail. I found beef ribs to be chewy and stringy, until I found this place. They may have pulled a game changer. Their beef ribs were incredible. Better then any pork I have had so far. Frankly I'm going to have to go back and try again just to see if it was a fluke. It may be the best litmus test I have ever had to do.
I met up with a few Yelpers on the day that Travel Channel's Food Paradise was filming here. We were too late for our 15 seconds of fame, but the film crew was still there and it was neat watching them work. It was also not as crowded as I had expected, so it was quick to order and many tables available. The food took a bit longer to come out, but I believe that's standard.

I ordered the "Duo Choice of Two Meats" Smokin Plate with Hot Link and 2 Spare Ribs (other meat choices are brisket, pork, or 1/4 chicken), Waffle Fries (there are 16 choices of Smokin Sides), and a drink for $10.99. The sausage or hot link was really tasty and they're not messing around with the heat! If you can't handle spicy food, watch out. I enjoyed the ribs as well, especially with their BBQ sauce. I definitely could've eaten more! I liked their offerings of sweetened and unsweetened iced tea as I mixed the two and had a nice balance.

We tried a couple cobblers, banana pudding, and the special Reese's PB bread pudding. The cobblers were all right and the banana pudding was decent. The bread pudding was off the hook though! Really good!

I think one of the best parts of their menu is the AYCE option for $24.99. It's offered all day, every day and has no restrictions (except no sharing or to-go, obviously). It's a ridiculous deal for meat! If I can get a few people together, I think that it would be a cool option to order all the types of meat and sides for everyone.
We stopped by here for dinner a few nights ago while traveling through. Things are a little pricier than I would imagine for the amount of food you get. I did the two meat meal for $10.99. I got two short ribs and two strips of brisket on top of a soggy piece of white bread and a side of macaroni and cheese. I thought the short ribs were very good and would recommend those. The brisket was good and the macaroni and cheese was forgettable. My wife got the $7.99 brisket sandwich and thought it was pretty good.

Because we checked in via Yelp, we got a "free dessert." We ordered the Blue Bell Ice Cream Sundae. What they brought us was a shot glass sized plastic cup filled 2/3 with ice cream and 1/3 with whipped cream. If that dessert really costs 3.99, it is a complete rip off. It's more likely that they only gave us a sample size dessert as the "free dessert" that was advertised. Don't they know better than to cut corners with people who use Yelp? Whatever the case, I was less than impressed by that. 

Overall, I might stop back by here to give it another shot if I was in town for a bit and looking for a meal under $15 a plate (although they have many options that would put you over that limit, including an all you can eat thing for $25). But with so many other places to eat in Vegas, it's more likely I'll try somewhere else.
Good BBQ in Vegas has been very hard to find, especially when you're from Kansas City which is one of America's BBQ capitals. Rollin Smoke is the ONLY place in Vegas for the past 2 years now that consistently satisfies my cravings for good BBQ. If I get a bad case of homesickness, Rollin Smoke's brisket is the cure. 

Location: Off the beaten path. Yeah, its hard to get to but that's why you have the Yelp app on your smartphone. 

Parking: If it's busy it can be tight. But I've always found a place to park. 

Seating: If you're with someone who's claustrophobic or hates eating in close quarters around others get your food to go. It's kinda tight inside. 

Price: Compared with BBQ places I've been to in the Carolinas, Memphis, Texas, and Kansas City I think the pricing is quite reasonable for the amount of food you get. You can overpay for crappy BBQ at a lot of places in Vegas, or you can pay a fair price and get quality at Rollin Smoke. It's your choice. 

Service: It's not perfect but the staff knows how to hustle and get you in and out for lunch, or if you're trying to eat before catching a show or heading to somewhere on the Strip. And even with the speedy service you still get great BBQ!

From brisket to ribs and their beans, I have yet to find anything here that sucks. It's just good. Really good. Overall you really can't go wrong coming here. 

I try and limit posting 5 Star reviews these days but Rollin Smoke has earned nothing less.
This is what I think of when I look for BBQ.  I have been trying all the places in Vegas I can find.   The owners are from Arkansas.  So, if you like Arkansas BBQ, Louisiana, or Texas BBQ you will be in heaven.

They have beef ribs that are juicy and delicious.  Smoked 19 hours.  They have a rub on them and then you add BBQ sauce. The Pork ribs, chicken are very good too.  Haven't been able to find any food to complain about.  I get a little quiet when I am there enjoying the food so much.

People have complained about cost to portion, but the portions are big enough for my husband to be stuffed and full most of the day.  Cost wise, it seemed reasonable for good quality BBQ to me and I will be back frequently.

I tried the catfish and it has a crunchy cornmeal coating with and no weird after flavor you sometimes get with catfish.   I have had it twice now since it is so good.  Once in a basket and once as a poor boy sandwich.   Love it.  I can't decide which is my favorite the beef ribs or the catfish.

The sides I have tried are:  mac and cheese -flavor is good, but I prefer a baked thick cheese sauce over this one.
Hush puppies: pretty tasty
Corn fritters:  tasty, the corn is inside a breading.   Being from Virginia I have some expectations that probably aren't normal or liked by many others.  I felt these were good, but a little blander than I like.   I enjoy the corn tucked into a spicy hush puppy myself

Haven't had space for any desserts yet, but I will have to get some to go next time.  I am usually going somewhere else after.

They also will cook up a whole pig for parties.  Price varies depending on market price so call them.  Very cool.

Can't wait to eat there again.   Also if you go early enough in the day they have a cool electrical store called Kiesub next door.   If you are tech oriented you will enjoy it.
Hands down the best BBQ I have ever had!! I did the all you can eat so I could try a little bit of everything. They don't give you a "little" of anything!! The beef rib was the star of the show!! In my experiences with BBQ, the beef rib is kinda the red headed stepchild, not here! I highly recommend this place! Off the beaten path, just the way I like it!!
About as good as you can get in Las Vegas.  Portions are great, Prices are good and it tastes good too!
Yummy chicken and waffles cooked to order plus nice, friendly service.
Very good. As an out of towner, I'm disappointed with the location. It is very difficult to locate. With that being said, it was quite good. The chicken rivals my mothers or mine. The catfish was very good, but a little overpriced (despite everything else being a good value). They don't really have the entire soul food menu available everyday. They have daily specials and traditional american food, i.e. burgers, hot dogs etc, all the time. They do have the sides available and they were very good. They were very home cooking/from you mama' recipe. Overall, good food but need a better location. If they were downtown, they would make a crap load of money.
Fantastic food made to order, but tricky to find, and not a fast lunch.  Plan on getting the peach cobbler to go.

The focus here is on the food.  Mell's fried chicken is incredible, with or without waffles.  Her biscuits and gravy is amazing.  I've not had better catfish in Madison.  Her cobblers are out of this world when fresh, and well worth picking up even once they're in the fridge.

The food can be somewhat inconsistent, depending on who is working in the kitchen.  Sometimes the black eyed peas are better than I've ever had elsewhere; sometimes they're unremarkable.

Beverage choices are limited to water and canned soda.

You'd do well to call your order in if you're looking for a lunch in under an hour, especially if you're going with a group of more than four.
Today's lunch at Melly's is among the top two meals I've had since moving to Madison. The food is so good, it had to be more than a recipe that made it; nothing but pure wisdom could have produced the 6-7 items we had off the menu so perfectly tender, crispy, juicy, tart, bitter, and sweet. 

The chicken is available everyday, and was made to order. It came out crispy, piping hot, and seasoned with a bit of sour and salt. I recommend pairing it with the baked beans and potato salad, or whatever Melly recommends. Can't choose which side? They're all delicious. The mixed greens and mac n cheese alongside the rib tips - Thursdays special - were like taking part in a little bit of Americana. 

The walls are filled with family photos, which is as homey as one can get. The comfort of good food and family vibes feels good for my belly.
Been here twice-- gotta try something besides the greens and yams as far as sides go, but they're so good I got them each time... The fried chicken is nothing short of perfect and I don't think I've had better anywhere else.  My only concern is the speed of the service-- I have no problem waiting for good food, but if you're trying to make it in and out over your lunch hour and have to get back to work it might be tight (Mel acknowledged and apologized for this last time as they were slammed with take-out orders).  I think they cater and I would definitely give them a try for that if the opportunity presents. I think between Melly Mell's and JB's on Park (also worth going to!), I'd say Melly's had an edge on the food (and more seating) but JB's is more convenient (location and speed).
OK, let's talk about Melly Mell's. The location is odd and unexpected. The decor is humble and eclectic. And Melly, she is a force - energetic, funny, hospitable and one hell of a Chef. She is surrounded by family 24/7 and there is never a dull moment. Eating the food was like traveling down south. I'd been dreaming of fried chicken for weeks so I ordered that (all dark meat) with mac & cheese and greens. They initially forgot my greens so when Melly found out, she went back, got them and also gave me a corn muffin as a sweet apology. The chicken was juicy, had a perfect crust, was not at all greasy, with hints of pepper, vinegar & just the right amount of salt. The mac & cheese was creamy and cheesy without being mushy - the pasta was cooked perfectly. The greens were tender & flavorful adding a nice bit of bitterness to balance out my meal. The corn muffin was fall-apart tender, just the right amount of sweetness with a hint of cinnamon that I've never had before in corn bread, but it really worked. My husband got the Philly cheese steak with fries. His first comment after 2 bites was:  I will order this again! It was crazy good, unexpectedly so. The meat was super flavorful and tender with just the right amount of cheese. It was perfect, didn't need a thing. The fries were nothing to write home about, but they were good. We left with a take-out menu, smiles on our faces and we look forward to our next meal. Thanks, Melly!
Melly Mel makes arguably the best fried chicken in Madison. If you are a "foodie" get here. Talk to Mel. Order again. Talk some more. Try everything. It is the experience that you want. That's what we did and it was great.

If you're not a foodie stay away. You won't like it because the location is far away. The signage is propped against a wall if it's even out on display at all. The decor is weird and unmatched. The music selection might be a little too 90s for you.
Map it.
Map it again.
Know you'll get lost. 
But know that deep down in a basement off the Beltline lies the best fried chicken you will ever eat. No question. It's juicy. It's flavorful. Whatever spice combination that chicken is dredged in before frying is of the gods. It's incredible. And you can get simply white, just the dark, or a combo of white and dark.
Come for the fried chicken, but stay for the dessert!

Melly Mel's may be hard to find, but it's soooooo worth the effort.  Once you locate the poorly marked entrance and descend a long flight of stairs covered with threadworm grey carpet, the welcoming aromas of the kitchen will guide you the rest of the way.  

Despite the unassuming exterior, the interior of the basement restaurant is spacious, clean and well lighted.   The eclectic dcor and mismatched tables and chairs create a homey vibe for those who venture in.

The highlight of any trip to Melly Mel's is when owner / chef Carmell "Mell" Jackson pays a visit to your table.  Even if you're in the sourest of moods when you enter the restaurants, your conversation with the effervescent Mell will brighten your day.

What you need to know:
* The fried chicken is the star attraction at Melly Mels.  The meat is juicy and far more delectable than any $7 plate of chicken has any right to be.  The coating is has a wonderful crunch, not greasy at all.  Best of all, it is served piping hot - there are no heat lamps at Melly Mel's - everything is made to order.  With a little hot sauce sprinkled on top, eating this fried chicken was a near life-altering event...
* There is an extensive breakfast menu.  It has the usual fare (eggs, pancakes, bacon, sausage, etc.) as well as chicken and waffles.
* The lunch deals are a fantastic bargain.  For $7, you get a generous main course, two sides and a drink.
* The sides were hit or miss for me.  I loved the cornbread muffin and the fried potatoes and onions.  The black-eyed peas and rice & gravy not so much.  The yams and the mac and cheese ordered by my dining companions looked promising.
* If you are looking for a quick meal, this is not the place to go.  Because of the made to order nature of the food and the volume of carry out orders, give yourself a good hour and a half for lunch.

My last piece of advice: DO NOT LEAVE UNTIL YOU ORDER DESSERT.  I love, love, love, love, love, love the desserts at Melly Mells.  On my first visit, I had the strawberry cake with a smooth cream cheese frosting.  My second visit featured a lemon pound cake.  Both were out of the oven fresh and both were Oh.So.Delicious. 'nuf said.  Just get the dessert, trust me.
Good chicken. Great Mac and cheese. Don't forget to save room for the peach cobbler. Say 'hi' to melly for me
The food was great (except for the catfish bites. Those were the most disgusting things I've ever tasted) but get carry-out. Don't dine in. The service was so bad it was comical. The waitress took our orders while on her cell phone, they forgot the syrup for my chicken and waffles until I asked for a box for my leftovers, they forgot all of our side dishes, and they had a feral child running around poking people in the back whilst throwing paper airplanes in our faces and digging through my purse.
Great chicken..great sides...great prices!! I can hardly wait to go back! Mel was a wonderfully nice person and an East High grad to boot!
Prices are low but portions are small, so expect to get at least two dishes to fill you up which will definitely cost more than the prices the menu appears to be.

Fried chicken wings: Crust was almost overly lemony/seasoned, but the flavor was still very good and quite unique. Chicken meat was moist and juicy. Definitely among the better wings I've had.

Catfish Fillet: A singular fillet ended up costing $9, which is quite expensive even though the size of the fillet was pretty big. The crust was a classic, crispy cornmeal breading, which would've been even nicer if it had some more spices and seasoning. However, it was still pretty good.

The place is really run down but the interior actually feels somewhat homey and relaxing.

Will definitely be coming back. Probably won't be getting the catfish again because of the price, but for chicken I will be a frequent visitor.
Amazing. The chicken here is perfect; it has a very interesting seasoning like nothing I've had on fried chicken before, and it packs quite a flavor to complement the crunchy, masterfully fried wing. 

I also had the catfish which was excellent, along with four sides: baked beans, black-eyed peas, mac and cheese and french fries. Both the beans were plenty tasty, the baked beans especially with their sweet peppery sauce and hamburger bits. The mac and cheese was also good, I recommend mixing it with the beans. 

I will say the fries left something to be desired, however they seem an afterthought given the rest of the fare. 

Do yourself a favor and find the entrance (it's on the side of the office building) and descend those stairs, this place is a gem.
Other reviewers say that the chicken was the best they'd ever had.

My friend, a vegetarian, was swiping the bones from my plate to gnaw on, and we ended up ordering an extra basket to share after we'd finished our meal.

If that's not good food, I don't know what is.
I've been in Madison for about 4 weeks for work and had to eat out every meal.  Aside from a couple steakhouses Melly Smells is the best place I've been.  I got three pieces of fried chicken; a leg, thigh and breast. I also got Two sides of Mac and cheese and baked beans.  The chicken was fantastic.  It was freshly made to order and came very hot.  The breading was crisp and tasty.  I think there was a sprinkle of lemon pepper on the chicken for an added oomph.  The breading was not heavy handed and the chicken was moist and delicious.

My sides were really good. The Mac and cheese was creamy and not over done.  I would have liked a touch of crunchyness such as corn or crumble topping, but it was still good on its own.  The baked beans were the best I've had in the area.  They had a smokey tangy sweetness that I like and there was some meat ( pork sausage or ground beef?), which added some flavor and texture.

Lastly I got peach cobbler with ice cream for dessert.  It was excellent.

Overall the service was very good.  I was the only customer in the restaurant at the time and Kelly came out to talk.  We had friendly conversation and we talked about other places I've eaten while in the area.  I even got to toss a Frisbee with her granddaughter.  I will be back for some BBQ on Thursday.  If its as good as tonight I'll leave Madison happy.
Yes, Kathy's is back....In the former Bird and Bonz BBQ Spot across from Wo Fat Chinese Restaurant, she's pumpin' out her Louisiana style Southern Cooking. On our visit, we stopped by for dinner and were surprised to see and hear that nearly all of the patrons  were "happy to find her again" or thought she had gone out of business.

This new spot is definitely  clean, and the kitchen area isn't cramped up like her former location. The dining area is much smaller with only about 6 tables. 
another good change is that the prices have dropped and aren't outrageous anymore.(Rent was definitely higher in Henderson which is probably the reason of the high prices before). Kathy is there with her husband and her son(I think) who is the Fried Chicken Master.

Of course we had to get the Fried Chicken Dinner and endure the 20-minute wait. We also shared The BBQ Ribs, and aside from the corn bread, we got mac and cheese, cole slaw, yams, and mashed potatoes and gravy since they were out of potato salad. The ribs were okay as was the sides. the cornbread was a little dry, but the Chicken was definitely worth the wait. Crispy skin and hot & juicy in every bite(you get a breast, thigh, and a wing). For dessert, we got a slice of Sweet Potato Pie and the Banana Pudding. Pie was a little overkill on the spices, and the banana pudding was alright. I would probably return for the chicken.

Gone are the additional fees, and they do take plastic....another thing I noticed is they give refills on tea and lemonade, but charge for punch, Hawaiian Punch...Give them a try and see what you think...It's tons better than Ella Ems, that's for sure...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(164/365) "Kathy's Back!"
Are you kidding me????!! This placed SUCKED big time, I ordered the Gumbo with crab and a side of greens with sweet tea.  The gumbo was the consistency of dish water and they had the nerve to serve it with old rice (You know when it is kind of crispy) I will never return there ever, the servers were more interested in watching the basket ball game on TV than they were in their 3 customers.  I never did get my side of greens, but I paid for them because I was in such a hurry to get the heck out of there.  Save your money it cost me 40 dollars to learn this hard lesson!
Ignoring such negative comments below.  They just don't know what they're talking about.  But the others, just like myself... We love love love the food at Kathy's  It's great food, plain and simple.  Go check it out for yourself!  Easy as that!  I guarantee you'll love it!
The place is pretty small and they only have about 5 tables... Once I ate the food I knew why. They don't want people falling asleep. The food its delicious like Sunday dinner @ grandmas house. There are a couple of things that need to change but overall I was happy with my visit.
Where do I start? I ordered chicken fingers and fries for the kids... they are hand-breaded and as fresh as you can get it. I ordered the Gumbo that was delicious and the portion size was so large that I will have lunch for tomorrow. My spouse got the fried chicken dinner with greens and black eyed peas. The fried chicken is to die for and also made to order. Yes, this location is smaller than the other place in Henderson that they used to own, but it is definately worth it. So many of the reviews that are on here talk about the wait, but what do you expect with homecooked meals? I mean Kathy's is not like McDonalds with frozen chicken. I say try it once, and I am sure that you will be a regular.
The food was somewhat above average in soul food starved Las Vegas, but the restaurant was as if they felt their food was so good nothing else mattered. 

The food.  Fried chicken, greens and potato salad.  The chicken was pretty good.  One big breast and 2 wings.  Crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  The chicken didn't seem to have any seasonings on it other than salt.  Of course I drenched it in hot sauce so it tasted all right.  The greens were good - salty - but good.  Potato salad was just fine.  The food was pretty decent - not knock it out of the park good, but decent.

The place has ultra bright white walls decorated with a cluster of c-list black celebrities pictures that have been autographed. (except for Iron Mike, A-lister).  There were six oddly aligned tables.  The dining area is stark and completely uninviting.  The reception area at Terrible Herbst  oil change place is nicer than this.  Definitely not a place you want to sit down and have dinner.

It has a huge counter that takes up half the dining area and the rest is a rather large open kitchen.  An open kitchen looks cool sometimes, but if it looks like crap then its not a good idea.  So, there is a huge room with a tiny dining area, large counter and huge open   run down kitchen.

One thing that bothered me was the worker eating his dinner at the counter.  I know people got to eat, but he just left his chicken bones there.  It just seems unprofessional.

The service was okay.  Not warm and inviting but it was okay.

Of course everyone has their own opinions, but there is one thing we can all agree on... do not enter the bathrooms.  Luckily, I went when I was done eating.  The smell of backed up sewer almost knocked me on my ass when I opened the door!  Grosssss!!!!  I literally had to hold my breath.  Call a plumber and have him clean your drains!

Okay food - everything else... fail.

You just get the vibe that the owners don't care - so why should I care?
I  found this place while doing my laundry.  I figured I would try it out, I like to try the small local places while travelling for work.
It is small and unassuming.  The menu is not very big, which I like.  Some places are so varied I lose faith in their ability to nail anything down.
I had the fried chicken, mashed potatoes and man & cheese.  Took twenty minutes, that's great, it usually means they don't have food laying around pre-made.
Well worth the wait!!  Not over breaded, not over greasy.  It was delicious and EXACTLY what I wanted and just the way I wanted it.
The only reason I gave it four stars was that I wish the chicken would have been a four piece instead of three.  I love a drumstick.
BIG PLUS--- She made the gravy right there in front of me for my mashed potatoes.
It was delicious.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
Fried chicken, greens, black eyed peas, smothered pork chops...I could go on and on.  When we lived in Las vegas this was a staple!  They have since moved but we found them on our most recent trip back to Vegas.  The location is fine as was the other one.  This one has easier parking.  

The food is still the same...perefect.  This is exactly what I wasnt and expect when I go looking for southern cooking.  I don't go looking for decor or ambience; I want good comfort food.  The service is always fantastic as these are real people.

Great place, keep up the good work!
Being from the Pacific Northwest I was looking forward to some good soul food. Sorry to say I was very disappointed. The smothered chicken I ordered seemed to be  old and reheated. The mac and cheese was just average, but the greens were great!  unfortunately I can not recommend this establishment to others.
I live real close and go there like twice a month.  The food is wonderful, I like the fried chicken so much that I've only had that.  The yams are like my Grandmother used to make.  Kathy is a lovely lady and a pleasure to talk too.
This is based solely on their fried chicken, which I happened to be craving (thank you top chef), and as they are close by to us it was either here or KFC.

Well we decided to try here for the chicken and honestly, it was good, the wife loved it, I was more than happy wife it, the skin did not have that little kick that I like, but the meat was perfectly cooked.
I needed to get my fried catfish fix, and boy did they sure deliver, catfish was seasoned and cooked to perfection, I got Mac n cheese and greens as my side, and lemme tell you it felt like I was eating at momo's house for Sunday dinner
Its been over a year since my FTR of Kathy's at this location, so its long overdue for an update, also since we were in the mood for some Fried Chicken, and as I said in my previous review, "I'd probably return for the fried chicken" and that's just what we did! .We stopped in for lunch and ordered up two fried chicken dinners($10.75 ea.) and wifey chose yams and mac & cheese for her sides. I went with potato salad and collard greens. Ordering different sides allows you to try different things because they're big enough for sharing. The Cornbread was nothing special and always on the dry side

I'm usually a leg and thigh guy, but somehow, a huge breast made it onto my plate!
No complaints here, but as many times as we've had their fried chicken dinner, we would always recieve a thigh, wing, and drumstick. Breast pieces cost extra. There are reviews that slam them on service and cleanliness, but when I went to wash my hands, there was no sign of backed up sewage smell. Service has always been great, and our waitress even remembered us from when we used to dine at the old Mountain Vista location (Yelp HQ STILL hasn't taken that old business page down!?)

Crispy skin and juiciness in every bite, some may feel its on the bit on the salty side, but balance it out with all the tasty sides and sweet tea, It ended up being one of the tastiest lunches we've had in a while, and the pictures don't lie...Yes, Vegas has slim pickins when it comes to soul food places, and I've tried many other places(House of Flavor-RIP, M&M's, and Ella Em's, and these places don't even come close when it comes to fried chicken IMHO. If you're in the area and got the patience to wait for fried chicken done right, you may want to give Kathy's a try....ALOHA!!!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(40/100) "KFC...Kathy's Fried Chicken"
Took a friend to Kathy's since it's down the street from her office annnnd ...my usual, following in the footsteps of Master Nelson.

Fried Chicken ( $10.75 ) and catfish ( forgot the price but the total bill including 2 canned sodas and a side order of a link was $31.)  Both include 2 sides and corn bread.

Sides - greens, cole slaw, potato salad and mac n cheese.

Nondescript store - except, interestingly, kitchen area ( burners, flat top and others ) in front area of place yet you don't see them using to cook your food.

Have to ding this place one star .....S L O W !!  Best you call in the order in advance.

Fried Chicken - excellent - crispy yet tender and juicy - perfectly cooked.

Catfish - decent crunch yet flaky fish - large pieces would've been nice.

All the sides average to above average.  I did not try the cornbread.

Servers were nice.

I'll be back.

pics included
TINY... you did that with the fried chicken!!! SO GOOD!!!
I was referred here by a friend after finishing up a very long and difficult Vegas weekend (you all know how that goes), and sending off for the ride home simply would not have been possible for my friends and I if not for Kathy's Southern Cooking. Mary was very kind to us, and the food was just as kind! 

I had the fried chicken, and it was honestly some of the best I've ever had; extremely tender and juicy. The sides (I had potato salad and macaroni and cheese) were amazing as well; and the lemonade was probably the best lemonade I've ever experienced (hand squeezed). 

All in all, the experience at Kathy's was a very warm and welcoming one. You can always distinguish when a restaurant makes their food with normal ingredients or with love; this place certainly makes their food with love, and the proof is in the chicken.
The service was friendly..
The food is fairly overpriced and should be  updated on yelp.
Walked in there were 4 guest in the resturant still took us 30-45 mins to get our food then 20 more minutes to get the check 

Food: catfish dinner with yams, greens, and cornbread

My friend had the smothered pork chops with mac n cheese and rice the pork chops where decent but the mac n cheese again NO FLAVOR.
how does a soul food restaurant have no flavor maybe my expectations of this place was too high

Catfish was the only thing slightly good, ill pass on Kathy's I drove across to town to get here and it wasnt good @ all
Hubby and I are craving for soul food and found Kathy's here in Yelp. We were greeted by a friendly waitress. I ordered sweet tea while hubby had a can of soda. The sweet tea is hella sweet, just how hubby likes his tea but it's too sweet for me.  We got our drinks right away.  Hubby ordered fried pork chops with gravy on the side with rice and mac n cheese. I ordered the fried chicken with mac n cheese and sweet yam. First I was told that I can get the fried okra as one of my side dishes but the waitress returned and informed us that it needs to be ordered as appetizer. I want the fried okra so we ordered is as appetizer anyways. We waited for our food (including the appetizer) for half an hour... mind you we were the only customers there. The corn bread, fried okra and our meal arrived at the same time. The delay on the arrival of the food cost them a star. 

Let's talk about the quality of food:
1) Corn bread - dry, nothing special just like what other reviewers said.
2) Fried Chicken - not bad at all. They gave me 1 wing, 1 small leg and 1 small thigh. It was crispy on the outside but juicy on the inside.
3) Mac & Cheese - not bad as well but I've had better. (Was stationed in Mississippi,  Louisiana and Oklahoma so I've had quite a lot of great southern food experiences).
4) Sweet Yam - its not bad as well but I was never a big fan of sweet yam anyways.
5) Fried Pork chops - Hubby enjoyed them very much. It has great taste and perfectly cooked.
6) Gravy - this was a little disappointing as it was lumpy and lack seasoning.  It was bland. Thank God hubby didn't get the smothered pork chops coz I know he would've been disappointed because good gravy is really important for him. This cost them another star unfortunately.
7) Fried Okra - was cooked well but nothing special. The batter would have been good if it was seasoned well.

For the quality of food and the portions, I have to agree with other reviewers...they are quite pricey. I don't think we will be back here again.
Yum, yum, yummy, yum, yum!

Yeah, that about sums it up when it comes to Kathy's Southern Cooking.  

I was hanging out at my mom's and we wanted something different for lunch.  Enter Yelp and it's awesome suggestions, which is how we found out about Kathy's Southern Cooking.  After seeing the pictures of the food, I knew we had to get there right away!

We went for a lunch on a Saturday and were the only ones in the place.  At first I was a little worried because I was hoping we didn't make a mistake in going to Kathy's.  Then I got my glass of sweet tea and I knew we had made the right choice.  A great southern cooking place has to have great sweet tea, otherwise what's the point?  It turned out to be a treat to have the place to ourselves because 1. my toddler daughter wouldn't bother anyone, and 2. the lady working the counter (sadly, I can't remember her name) was a doll and we had so much fun chit-chatting with her through our time there.  She really made our experience great from her lovely personality and excellent service.

Now to the important part.....The food!  We are a southern family and wanted some of our go-to comfort foods, fried chicken and fried catfish.    The fried chicken was just like the chicken we used to get in Tennessee at my grandma's dinner table.  The catfish tasted like the catfish from Mississippi and my childhood.  My mom swears that the catfish is the best she has eaten outside of the South.  I can't argue with that statement because it was YUMMY.  

We also ordered the mashed potatoes, mac n' cheese, red beans & rice, and fries as side items.  Everything was amazing! The highlights had to be the real mashed potatoes with gravy made to order and the gooey mac n' cheese.  Everything was good, but those were both REALLY good.

We finished our meal with Banana Pudding.  It was delicious!  My mom decided she is never making banana pudding again and will just order it from Kathy's from here on out.  I'm ok with that.  I just want my banana pudding please!
I would first like to say that the location of this place was easy for me to find. I rated Kathy's Southern Cooking 2-stars for the following reasons. #1 Customer Service/ Etiquette was very poor. In my opinion when an order is placed and you do not have that particular item (i.e. Peach Cobbler) available at that moment, you are to express a little sympathy or at least be a TINY bit apologetic for that item not being available at the customers request. To ask the customer "What do you want me to do about it"? Is extremely rude!!! I would have gladly waited for said item had the man at the front counter had a different approach. I took off 2 stars just for this particular reason. There are certain ways you should speak to people. I understand that when cooking any southern meal/food that it takes a bit of time. I was very excited when I walked into this establishment. Poor service etiquette is very unacceptable. And #2 Food was just above average. I ordered a catfish dinner for myself w/ a side of greens & also ordered a chicken dinner & a hot-link w/ banana pudding for someone else. We both agreed that the Mac N' Cheese was at best rated a 1 out of 10. It tasted exactly like the Mac n cheese from KFC! The greens that I ordered were very good w/ hot sauce. They weren't seasoned heavily at all, I assume to give you the option to add seasoning yourself. The mashed potatoes & gravy were delicious! No complaints. The hot-link was covered in BBQ sauce & was regular, nothing too good or too bad. I have tasted better, I'm not sure where they get theirs from. Both the catfish and the chicken were good!!! The batter for both was good as well! And the banana pudding was pretty tasty. I did not get to try the cornbread that was supposed to be included with my dinner because unfortunately, they left it out. My overall opinion is that the food is good, the service is extremely poor. I actually still would have come to this place but due to my experience, I will gladly return to M&M's Soul Food Cafe! I hope that this review is helpful to someone when going Kathy's Southern Cooking.
The location was not hard to find thanks to google maps. When we walked in there was only one other customer seated and already waiting on his meal. The staff was friendly and greeted us as soon as we walked through the doors. We ordered the catfish and chicken dinner with identical sides of mash potatoes and Mac n cheese . The chicken was DELICIOUS!!!! The fish was ok, it did not have much seasoning at all but still edible. I personally liked the mash potatoes and gravy. The macaroni and cheese however lacked in presentation as well as flavor. The food did take a while to come but I'm not complaining because it was fresh. The prices however were a bit pricy, but they may have a pricy overhead. Overall it was good, I would definitely come back, especially for the chicken.
MmmmmMmmm I love me some Southern Cooking! And although there are a few other Southern places in town that I like for different food items I come to Kathy's for their Fried Chicken.  Seriously the best fried chicken dinner in town!  

You will wait for about 20 minutes for your Fried Chicken since "Tiny" does not take shortcuts and once your plate arrives you will taste why.   Three pieces of fried to perfection goodness!!! The crispy well-seasoned lightly crispy battered chicken is always juicy and goes even better with their many sides to choose from.  It comes with their Cornbread which is okay, a little on the dry side but it is served warm with a side of butter.  For my sides I always get their Yams, Mac-n-Cheese, and Collard Greens but they also have Black Eyed Peas, Potato Salad, Mash Potatoes and Gravy, and Fried Okra to choose from. 

Also save room for dessert because their Banana Pudding and Peach Cobbler are a must try. They also on occasion have German Chocolate Cake or some kind special cake of the day. 

The ambiance definitely needs some TLC but the food and service make up for it IMO and it is certainly better looking than their former location.  

There are so many other items on their menu to choose from and glancing over to the other diners it all looks and smells delicious. I will eventually try their other specialties but so far I can't convince myself long enough to stray away from their Fried Chicken!
Wow, am I glad I saw some Yelpers mention this in Talk or what?! Kathy's is in a small center on the SW corner of DI & Sandhill. Don't ask me how...but we managed to drive right past it without seeing the sign. The inside is the same, it doesn't look much like a restaurant...more like a take out only kinda place. There isn't much to look at and only a couple tables.  

I ordered catfish and the wife went with fried chicken. Both dishes were unbelievable! Definitely some of the best catfish I've had in town and my wife says it's the best fried chicken she's had here. The catfish has an amazing crust! It's cooked perfectly, super flaky and tons of flavor. The chicken is the same...fried perfect golden brown, juicy & most on the inside and the skin is really crispy and flavorful. They also make their own hot sauce and it goes really good with both fish and chicken. All the sides were pretty good besides the mac n cheese which was a little bland. Their cornbread is delicious! And they have some killer desserts...the banana pudding is amazing!

We really loved Kathy's! For the portions, you can't beat the price. They have great customer service and 20 minutes isn't long to wait for some fresh fried chicken. I don't drink sweet tea so it was disappointing they don't serve unsweetened tea. The restaurant was clean for the most part but it just doesn't feel like a place to sit down and eat which is a knock for me. Besides that, I'll definitely be back for more.
We went to lunch around 12:30 on a Tuesday to Kathy's.  There was only one other person in there, and she was waiting to get something to go.  Why?!?!?!?  More people need to be eating at Kathy's.  We need more places like Kathy's in the Vegas valley and the United States in general.

To eat, the wife had the meatloaf with mashed potatoes and mac n cheese.  This was a LOT of food for about $11.75 as I recall.  I may be off on the price, but you get 2 large slices of meatloaf in addition to corn bread and the 2 sides.  Beyond reasonable.  The meatloaf slices were hefty, we took basically a whole slice home.  Moist, flavorful, and covered in a fantastic brown gravy.  This is a classic version of the dish, and it's a great representation.  

I had the fried chicken, which, as other yelpers note, does not come out quickly.  But, it's worth the wait.  I had a breast, thigh and leg.  You have to pay $1.00 more if you want to choose your 3 pieces, which I did because I don't care for wings.  The meal is still a great value even if you had the extra dollar.  The chicken is HOT, you can tell it's freshly made.  All 3 pieces are juicy, even the white meat.  The skin has a great crunch and seasoning.  Definite repeat.

The iced tea is sweet and it's fantastic.  But, they have it at room temperature.  So, if you like your tea ice cold (as I do), I recommend asking for extra ice, because you will get some melting due to the temperature of the tea.  

My sole complaint is that they were out of the chicken fried steak.  This is something that would occur at the old location as well.  Hopefully they have it next time I go, I'm sure Kathy will serve a great version of that dish.
Went to Kathy's today and was excited to find out they had the chicken fried steak.  It was fantastic, which is why I'm bumping Kathy's up to 5 stars.  The steak is large, you will likely have leftovers, but it's doable.  Like all the other dinners, it comes with 2 sides and a large corn muffin.  Great deal.  The steak was tender and crispy.  The crust adhered well to the steak, which is ideal.  The white gravy was peppery and creamy.  I was not surprised given how much we like the brown gravy.  Once again, Kathy's more than delivered.  If you are on the east side and hungry, absolutely hit up Kathy's.
After a morning of fun, Sylvia Q suggested that our group should go to Kathy's. At first I was thinking she was talking about going to my place to eat leftovers from Thanksgiving. Oops!

I really wanted to try the chicken but Sylvia said the ribs here are good too. What a dilemma! Good thing I was able to negotiate with a good friend for us to share the chicken dinner and the ribs dinner...the best of both worlds. Then there was a debate as to what sides to get then my tastebuds told me I should have fried pork chop instead. After all that, I got so thirsty for some sweet tea. The dinners come with 2 sides and cornbread for $11-19.

Despite the starvation, we were laughing and telling jokes the whole time we were there until the food came. The whole restaurant got quiet quick. The food was THAT amazing.

Cornbread:
There's not too many places that wowed me with their cornbread. It's up to you to put butter and honey on your cornbread. It was cornbread...nothing unusual. 3/5

Mac n Cheese:
I dislike runny and soupy mac n cheese. Kathy's wasn't. It was thick, creamy and the cheese sticks to the macaroni. 4/5

Mashed Potatoes and Gravy:
Made with real potatoes. You'll come across some bits of potatoes. The gravy was pretty tasty. 4/5

Ribs:
This is the wet saucy kind and not the dry-rub kind of ribs. A little spicy and a little sweet. The meat was easy to get off the bone with my fork and knife. 3.5/5

Fried Chicken:
You get 3 pieces of breaded and fried chicken. They're not heavily-breaded and are seasoned well. No salmonella-scare here either as each piece is cooked to perfection until the breading/skin turns golden brown. You get a leg, thigh and breast. The skin...oh my! I had to close my eyes and savor how good it was. 5/5

The food is made fresh and you can tell that it was made as if they were feeding their own family. So, the food takes a while. You don't rush good things.

Tuesday to Friday you can get their fried chicken sandwich until 5pm but on any day you can get fried catfish, fried pork chop, hotlinks or BBQ spareribs. The dinners are fried catfish, fried chicken, smothered pork chop, fried pork chop, smothered chicken, oxtails, chitterlings, meatloaf, chicken fried steak, shrimp etouffe or gumbo. The sides you can choose from are cabbage, mashed potatoes, mac n cheese, black eyed peas, rice, coleslaw, red beans, fries, potato salad or peas. They have family meals with 16 pieces of chicken and sides to-go only. They have chicken fingers. For dessert they have banana pudding, peach cobbler and sweet potato pie.
The best fried chicken in town seems to be KFC...Kathy's Fried Chicken, that is, of Kathy's Southern Cooking.  The fried chicken dinner is $11.75 and gets you three pieces of chicken, corn bread, and two sides.  Sides were decent, corn bread was good, but the chicken absolutely steals the show.

Service is casual but super friendly.  Food is made fresh to order, so be prepared for a bit of a wait; our party of eight was there for 2-3 hours.  For fried chicken!  It's so worth it though.  The breading is not too heavy, is cooked to that perfect golden brown, spiced just right, and encapsulates a perfectly cooked, juicy piece of chicken.  My friends are now no longer allowed to recommend fried chicken to me, unless they've tried Kathy's.
Kathy's Southern Cooking has THE BEST fried chicken!  Absolutely delicious.  The mashed potatoes and gravy, and mac and cheese also rock. 

Everything is made fresh, so to avoid waiting at least a half hour, call your order in beforehand.

The staff at Kathy's is always pleasant. They care about producing quality food and they do not disappoint.

This is the only place I will go to when I want fried chicken.
Look, the food at kathys speaks for its self. Matter of fact its singing the gospel to you with every blissful bite. Now I know soul food like my last name, I was practically raised by the waitresses of soul food restaurants that my pops took me too, not to mention soul food is the only thing my grandparents cook and eat. With that said, the food at Kathy's southern kitchen is by far one of my top five on my list, no question, hands down with ten toes on the ground this spot is on there job. Last night was my second time eating here, the first time a family friend took me and my folks here when we first moved from L.A like six months ago. We came in and seated ourselves because it was only like four or six tables in the joint and besides some dude waiting for his take out order there wasn't any other customers there. We were greeted, Kathy said high and Tiny came over and took are order. I got the smothered chicken, greens and mashed potatoes n' gravy. My girl got ox tails, somebody got the catfish and I forgot what every body else ordered ( it was six months ago and there were five of us so I refuse to remember all the details.) It took about 30-45 minute's for all our food to hit the table witch is quite a wait but there cooking the food to order which is all cool with me, ill practice a little patience. When  Tiny did come with the plates it was evident that it was worth the wait. My smothered chicken was hot, fresh, and the gravy was thick enough and flavorfully but didn't make the chicken too soggy. I had two wings and a breast and they were all moist on the inside, no dry choking hazard white meat here. The greens were good, perfectly seasoned, made me wish I had some pepper juice ( its a down south thing when they get some peppers put them in a jar with what I think is vinegar and let it sit on a shelf for a couple weeks, its bomb on greens ) I could tell the mashed potatoes were made from real mashed potatoes, and that brown gravy on top was no joke. My whole meal was delicious in every meaning of the word. I pressed my girl for some of her ox tails and they were delicious as well, tender, nice size and flavor on point. The food gets my praise, yeah it might be a little pricey but its money well spent. The staff is hella' cool, it feels like I'm just going to the homies moms house for a plate. Kathy's kitchen is were its at bottom line.
I had some wicked pregnancy cravings for Southern cooking tonight... so I stopped in to cure it.  Thank you so much for the delicious food!   Felt my baby move for the first time tonight... I'm sure she was giving this business a high five!
I checked the reviews before I came here & had a pretty good idea what to expect. I called ahead & placed my order because I read it would take some time because it's made fresh. Staff was super friendly! Food was good & I LOVE next day, cold chicken & it was AMAZING!! The prices are a lil high so it won't be a regular dinner but we will definitely be back!!!!
All I can say is the service and food here are absolutely implacable. I ordered three meals for three people, carry out. The hot link & fries, catfish dinner w/greens and yams, and the fried chicken dinner w/yams and red beans & rice.  The staff and cooks REALLY believe in turning out an excellent product here. The store is clean and for soul food, they stand head and shoulders above any Las Vegas restaurant I've ever been to. 

My food all ended up being shared by my family because everything was so good, we all had to sample each others! My only disappointment was that I did not get my greens, but I received a very tasty macaroni and cheese instead. The mistake however is bitter sweet though, because I get to go back and eat here again. 

If you are from a different place and craving your hometown's soul food cooking, I urge you to go see Kathy's Southern Cooking...you won't be disappointed.
Wow, there are a lot of restaurants that claim they can cook southern style.  Until you visit Kathy's, you haven't even come close to one that can live up to it.  

We had fried chicken, cornbread and greens that I am still dreaming about.  Kathy and her staff are friendly and want their customers to enjoy their meal, we did, you will too!
I love Kathy's.  My favorite is Smothered Pork chops and Fish/Shrimp dinner.

Feels like home when I walk in.  A very friendly environment! !
I've been feenin for some good fried chicken and when our fellow Yelpers Nelson and Sylvia invited us to eat at Kathy's I knew this place had to be legit.

We arrived a bit before 6pm and we were immediately greeted by the staff.  Talk about Southern Hospitality! Each person greeted us with open smiles.

I ended up ordering the 3 piece fried chicken meal with two sides and cornbread.  The two sides I ordered were the sweet yams and the collard greens. The wifie ordered the same meal but with the mac and cheese. Be prepared as the chicken is made to order so it took a good 20-30 min. but it was well worth the wait. 

As our food came out my mouth started to salivate as pieces of chicken were pretty big. It came with a breast, leg, and thigh and it was cooked to perfection, crispy on the outside but nice and juicy on the inside. It had a very light crust that packed a lot of flavor. I like my chicken with a good hot sauce so had to smother some Louisiana hot sauce on it for some heat.  I felt like a kid again saving my chicken skin for last. I was even a bit jealous as the wifie's pieces were a little bit bigger than mine. The sides were good but the highlight of the meal was the chicken. 

I hope to come back and try their other southern dishes maybe even order a fried chicken family meal just for myself. These types of hole in the wall places usually serve the best food. If you don't mind the area then I would definitely recommend checking out Kathy's Southern Kitchen
First of all I do NOT like gravy...in all my 38 yrs...even as an infant...spit it out kinda dislike...this gravy for the chicken....OMG...eyes in the back of your head toes curling slap your grandma friggin fantastic!!!  The rub for the meat....WOW...and the greens and peas and stp.stop.stop the bus...the mac and cheese would make you do terrible things to get a serving...and Carey who does the ribs...good golly...and then there's Kevin...what a man...ask him his story while they serve you...humble wonderful staff and perfection on a ate.
Finally made it to granny's a few nights ago and it was worth the wait. Being from the south I love soul food. 
I must agree with others the service was 5 stars. Very friendly and just nice people. 
Now to the food. I was very happy to find out they make everything in house. No pre made sides. The catfish was my favorite, porkchops where battered and seasoned perfect, the fried chicken was good just a little dry but tasted great, the smoked ribs had a great sweet sauce and nice kick from his house made rub. 
The portions are big but please leave room for peach cobbler. It was so close to my grandmother's I should of ordered more. 
Really good food and great service what more could you ask for!
Two thumbs up on the fried chicken. Tasty.  Not greasy.  And I'm on my second helping of grits. They make 'em GOOD here!!  Staff an owners are very friendly!!!  Look for Kim, she is amazing as is the owner Carey & his wife Shauna!!!  We WILL be back!!

Carey was kind enough to bring us out some rib tips try. He makes his own rub and serves with sauce for you to decide. Great idea!  

Tip - if you order the fried chicken - they make it to order. It will not be ready in 5 minutes (closer to 20) but is wort the wait!!
Server was funny and very adamant about the food. We ordered the 2 piece fried chicken with granny's cabbage and gravy w/rice. Fried chicken is made to order so expect to wait 20-25 mins for them BUT it is WORTH it! Gravy was very yummy too. The owner comes around each table and introduces herself and asks how we found out about the restaurant..yelp of course! We ended our meal with just-out-the-oven peach cobbler...lunch at Granny's was very enjoyable and we will be back!
We made our 2nd trip to Granny's last night. I didnt think it was possible but even better than the 1st visit. The best soul food and southern hospitality in Las Vegas by far. We had great catfish again, pork chops cooked seasoned and cooked perfect, baked chicken had tons of flavor. Finished with great peach cobbler. Thank you Granny's for a little taste of home.
I was so excited to find Granny's and took my daughter there for breakfast, had the biscuits and gravy that were to be "eyes roll back into your head good" NOT!! I am from NC and I have never tasted anything as bad.. we didn't even finish one.  Then I thought well maybe it wasn't fair to say suck a thing.. So on my way home from work I called and ordered carry out.. Cabbage, Greens, Sweet Potatoes, and Red Velvet Cake all of my favorites... Well, I have to say I threw them all down the drain.. The cabbage had no taste, the greens were so bitter you couldn't eat them, the sweet potatoes weren't as bad but the cloves, cinnamon was way to heavy, I love cake as anyone who knows me will tell you. But the cake was dry it was crusted like it was a few days old. I hate to say it but I will Not be going back even though I love SOUL FOOD this is not worth the trip and it is less than 3 miles..
Went to this restaurant when it first opened.  Now it is a bit of a let down. The place is falling down on it housekeeping, the floors when you first walked in were filthy look like they hadn't been mopped in weeks. The Coup De Gr-as what is the female bathroom, there was feces on the toilet seat the floors were filthy the trash needed to be emptied. Totally lost my appetite. I will be making a call to the Health Department on Monday! I will never return here again, because if this is the way the place is being kept I do not want to see the kitchen.
If you haven't tried thsi place, you are really missing some good food.  Cooks who know how to cook southern style and do a superb job of it!
[Review is for the food truck--the restaurant is now closed]:

Granny's Kitchen Soul Food truck offers customers a friendly greeting, a helpful staff, but bland food.

Granny's seems to be offering soul food cooked a little healthier than traditional methods (greens cooked in broths and not pork fat).  Long term, my heart will be thankful for the healthy efforts of Granny's Kitchen.  Short term, the food was bland.  

The Catfish is was flavorless frozen fish in a bland cornmeal breading.  The fish came out tough, not tender and I had to douse the dish in hot sauce to make it edible.  The side dish of beans was similarly bad.  The beans were super-sugary with some ground beef mixed in, but all I could taste was sweetener.  The beans and beef were drowned out.

That said, the cook and customer service were really friendly.  While I was there they went out of their way to help several customers work their way through the menu and made recommendations for folks wanting to try out soul food for the first time.  I commend them for the friendliness, but just can't stand behind the food.
When in the mood for food for my soul this is the place to go. The rice is absolutely fantastic and eaten with the shrimp makes it a satisfying meal. I definitely would recommend everyone to try this!
The tilapia, shrimp and rice were all amazing. Great flavor, nothing overdone. Just darn good food.
This place is awesome. Great food. Particularly the chicken and waffles. Everything I've had is very tasty but hard to stray from the chicken and waffles. Eat here every time I come back to Vegas.
This is the brick an mortar of Sin City Wings and Ben's BBQ. The owners are the sweetest people you will ever meet. They obviously really care about the food they are serving and making sure you leave happy. I will say you should be prepared to wait a bit for your food. I went on opening day so I'm sure it won't be as bad once the kinks get worked out, but I waited over 45 for my food despite there only being 5 other tables seated. Luckily they were playing the Food Network on the TV so I kept myself entertained. Besides the wait, everything was great! It is a very casual environment located inside a gaming bar (Spectator's) The menu has a great variety of options from salads to BBQ and even pizza. It's so close to my house I'm sure I'll be back MANY MANY times! I can't wait for it to get even better!
I enjoyed lunch here last week with two coworkers. We were pleasantly surprised that this restaurant is in one half of the Spectators bar at Flamingo and Durango, which means it's close to work! We were seated immediately and greeted by chef Bobby. The menu is still under construction, he advised, but still had plenty to offer. We ordered the fried pickle appetizer and ice teas. Not only do they have unsweetened tea but they also serve sweet tea!!! Yeah, I'm a southerner and I miss my sweet tea. The fried pickles were wonderful! The crispy breading combined with the salty pickles made for a tasty appetizer. So tasty in fact that the 3 of us finished them in record time. I ordered the shrimp and grits appetizer and the wedge salad. My friends' ordered the beef brisket sandwich and the chicken fingers. All of it was delicious! The shrimp were the perfect texture (not overcooked) and seasoned with a Cajun spice mixture. The grits were cheese polenta and they complemented the flavorful shrimp exquisitely. The wedge salad was made up of lettuce, blue cheese crumbles and bacon served in a little glass jar. For $2 it was a deal! I sampled the chicken fingers which were nice and crunchy with some sort of panko breading batter. The brisket I didn't sample but was told it was moist with a nice smoky flavor. The service was fast and efficient. I love that the waitress took our order on an ipad!
I took my dad out to lunch and had no place in mind. I stopped at Bobby Q Grille as recommended by a friend and I was pleasantly surprised by the customer service and food. I was greeted by a female waitress with a sincere welcoming and shortly after Bobby the owner came over and gave us a quick run down of our options. He explained how everything is made from scratch and and the chicken is never frozen. He also shared that his chicken and waffles was his grandmothers recipe which I thought was sweet. The food network was on the TV which tells me they take their food seriously. There was also a chef that came out from the kitchen looking very professional wearing a chef coat with his name Mike on it. I wish this establishment the best because I know the care. Its all the little details that make this place different from your average restaurant. Working in customer service and food service things like that are important and definitely helpful. I wish I lived closer to the restaurant but that will not keep me away.
Delicious southern bbq taking up one half of the Spectators bar.  Bobby himself greeted us and was a charismatic southerner.  Taking orders with an iPad with an attached credit card slider.  TV was showing Food Network's Triple D's and that kept me hungry for the upcoming hearty meal.  

- Red Beans and Rice - zesty tasty red beans served with a scoop of jasmine rice and a hot link.  First time I've had red beans and it was a pleasant seasoned hearty plate.  Hot link was great also.
- BBQ Combo plate - Pick two meats out of pulled pork, hot links and brisket plus 2 sides.  Among my party, we had two orders and ended up with some of each. Pork was fine, hot links were great, brisket was ridiculously tender and with the right amount of fat.  Out of the sides we got, the mac and cheese was the most memorable.
- Shrimp & Grits - creamy buttery grits.  didn't try the shrimp 
- Dessert - strawberry shortcake in a jar with whipped cream.  This pushes it over the top - this dessert was amazing.  Lots of texture on the cake, the cream was the perfect smoothness.  Sublime.
I had to stop by the Bobby Q grill since I'm as southern as it gets around here out in Las Vegas cause I'm the sucker who still holds the door open for people while they pass through, I always get up to offer my seat to older men and women, and I always say please and thankyou. 

I heard of the Bobby Q grill because I myself follow the local food truck scene around town and new Bobby had a couple trucks before starting this venture so I knew the food was going to be right up my alley. 

I stopped by and was pleasently surprosed by how nice it looked inside the restaurant. It didn't have that run down old bar feel at all. It was really cozy and nice. One of the best waitresses I have ever had in Vegas also. Stef was great at service.  

I ordered the BBQ pulled pork sandwich and it was amazing. The sauce has just enough kick and just enough sweet just the way I like my sauce and my women. 

Then Bobby himself came out and said we have to try the dessert in a jar and we did it was amazing and so cool in the jar. Good food good company what can be wrong. Nothing. 

The Vegas Villains
This place is awesome!!! Best waffle I've had in my life!! Bobby puts his heart and soul into all his fresh homemade food! Amazing burger! Wished we had a Bobby Qs in LA!
Didn't realize we were coming into the "soft open" at Bobby Q so we missed out on some of the menu items.  Buzz has been good early and since all of the items are made fresh from scratch sometimes things run out.  However, we were still able to get a good sense of the place and definitely think we will be back.

We started off with the fried pickles.  They were in the chips and not the spears which isn't always my favorite but you can tell they were from a big bag of frozen items.

I went with two lbs of wings with their traditional Bobby Q sauce and another called Vampire's Kryptonite.  The traditional was very tasty, I wouldn't mind having a bottle of it at home.  The VK was a garlic and oil sauce which was not bad by any means but not for me.

The wife went with the chicken and waffles.  They were out of fried chicken but substituted the chicken tenders.  I will say these were some of the best chicken tenders I've had.  It's abundantly clear that the chicken is high quality and they are made fresh.  The waffles were also great and the cayenne syrup was a great topping.

The menu was set to change the next day actually so we will have to go back and try some of the old items that weren't available as well as some of the new.  I'm sure once they ramp up and work out all the kinks this will be a very successful place.  It's good fresh food and the prices are right.  Bobby came out and introduced himself and gave us the run down and he seemed like a great guy.
I really wanted some chicken anything and so i hopped on yelp and found this place...I called in an order to pick up when i got there i couldnt see anyone working so i asked the bartender how i get my food and he said they should be in there...so after i stood at the front door for 10 mins pondering wheather or not i was going to leave a girl comes out of the back hands me my food and tells me my total i hand her my card she swipes it asks me to sign and walks away no hi no sorry for the wait no nothing. So i take my food home (i ordered two different kinds of chicken strips, bacon mac an cheese, and the best fried pickles) pick out a chicken strip and watch all the breading fall off ....so i grabbed a fork and went at my annoying chicken again alot more successfully the Fienberg sauce was pretty good but i would stay away from the hot buffalo. I couldnt put my finger on it (literally) it was a cayenne brown sugar weird tasting paste not very good. My bacon mac and cheese was ok i guess except the side was very small.  And last their best fried pickles are really not as best as they think they are and just a suggestion when making a to go order with fried food that is suppose to be crispy you might not want to plate them on soggy lettuce. so all and all next time i crave chicken whats gonna stop me from hopping on yelp to find somewhere?? Nothing i will go on yelp and i will not be running back in this door. my three stars are really not for a ok more for just ok
Went here last week for lunch with a couple friends/coworkers and was greeted at the door by Bobby himself. Incredibly nice guy!
I saw this on yelp but hadn't realized I'd eaten some of his food at BOHB (Back of House Brawl).  Food off the truck was great the food in the restaurant was even better. We had the brisket sandwich, pulled pork, ribs, fried pickles (awesome - followed by a long conversation about oil and presentation). All the meats had the perfect amount of smokiness  and seasoning to them. Making each bite tender, juicy, and (as cliche as it is) "fall of the bone" good.  They give you some bbq sauce which I indulged in, but you really don't need it, the meat stands on it's own. However, they DO give you this awesome coleslaw that makes your sandwich a BAZILLION times better (Carl Sagan can't even measure that)!
Oh yeah, I also did the wedge salad, presentation was really cool on this one too. Don't expect to eat it cleanly out of the mason jar, just dump it on the plate and dig in. It tastes just as good. Simple clean and made with HUGE chunks of bacon, blue cheese, tomato, and lettuce. 
Finally, other people on staff were really fun and nice. This location is unassuming so you kind of have to know what/where you are going. I can't emphasize enough how nice Bobby, his wife, and everyone on staff were. This will definitely be a regular stop. I wish them well, they are very passionate about what they are doing and it shows.
Whenever my boyfriend and I go to Vegas, which is a lot, we love to find great places to eat that are off the strip.  Bobby Q was a bit hard to locate from the street.  It's in the same building as Spectator's Bar, and it's sign is just underneath Spectator's lighted sign.

Tonight, I wanted to eat at Bobby Q's for dinner mostly because the picture of the shrimp and grits looked so good.  It definitely lived up to my expectations.  The shrimp had a nice spicy seasoning that went well with the cheesy grits.  In order to eat most of the grits, you have to use a spoon or the garlic bread it comes with.

I ordered the fish and tators.  The catfish was moist and had a nice crunchy coating.  The homemade remoulade was delicious and not too overpowering as some tartar sauces can be.  The tators were awesome and much taller than the pictures would lead you to believe.  They were filled with silky potatoes, bacon, and cheese and topped with more cheese.

My boyfriend ordered the ribs with Bobby Q sauce a pound of wings with buffalo sauce.  The ribs were moist and meaty, and the wings were also tasty.

We washed our food down with sweet tea, and we ended the meal with the strawberry jello cake.  We thoroughly enjoyed both.

The owner was quite friendly, talkative, and attentive.  I assume that's what's known as southern hospitality.

We will definitely be back on our next Vegas trip, which is at the end of September, and next time, we'll bring friends.

FYI - the menu is slightly different than the one online.  The real menu doesn't have the daily specials as listed online, but red beans and rice and ribs are regular menu items.
Vegas could use a bit more southern hospitality. Actually A LOT MORE! I was slightly turned off by this restaurant sharing space with a smokey bar when I first entered. Especially since I was eating with an infant. As all parents can attest, happy infant = happy meal. I quickly forgot about the environment w/ the Olympics on TV and a happy Bobby Q greeted us to our table. Thumbs up for the ambiance! 

If you want to experience passionate food,  you are in the right place. This is real comfort food made from scratch. I wouldn't classify this as modern, but more as clean! Clean plating and crisp flavorful sauces! Bobby Q sauce and Honey Cayenne Butter can be poured on anything and it would make the dish amazing!

Cornbread from an iron skillet, chicken and waffles, shrimp and grits. Priced just right for the quality of food and proportions,  I'm really excited to come back and try everything else. 

I hope Bobby Q and the crew does well so they can move to a legit location! Ride that magic bus like Slidin' Thru!
This is somewhat hidden as there is no lit signage for this place but it's on the corner of Durango and Flamingo next to the gas station. 

The Shrimp and Grits were awesome. I am not much of a grits fan, but this is a dish I would order again.

I had the ribs which were nice and tender. The Bobby-Q sauce is a nice sweet BBQ sauce which worked well on the ribs. 

Definitely will be making a return engagement to this local gem.
6pm Tuesday night.   No ribs no pork.  Might as well just close for the night. Hostess was very nice and apologetic.  TC's here I come.
Misti and My T's reviews ensured my next dinner out was going to be here.  It was Monday night and we were the only ones in the dining area at 8pm but that didn't stop Mrs. Q from greeting us warmly.  

Bobby had a seat with us and gave us the breakdown of his place and a little history behind their whole operation.  I hadn't done their food truck since I pretty much don't do trucks and was glad to finally try the famous "Sin City Wings" and some mighty tasty dishes you can't find executed this well anywhere else in town.  The two of them run the whole kitchen on Monday nights, no other staff.  I thought this was great because they would make the food the best since they were the architects of the menu.  

Before our orders came out, Bobby gave us a sample of their brisket and "OH MAN" that was almost the highlight of the meal.  Hummanah hummanah I am getting this next time for sure!  We got the fried pickles which were great and also a big enough serving for 4 so those were our "greens" for dinner :P  Also got a pound of wings with the Bobby Q. and hot buffalo sauce on the side but next time we'll just get the wings tossed in a sauce.  The Bobby Q. sauce was pretty unique.  It was a lot more tomatoey than most and would've gone great with a lot of different things including burgers and even fries.  I didn't ask if I could buy a bottle but I will on a future visit.  

Shrimp and grits were amazing.  The shrimp was perfectly grilled and I am not a southern boy so I am usually not feeling the grits but I dug out every little bit of grit out of the jar it was served in.  

Then the dessert or should I say "jarssert"!  Their strawberry jellocake with whipped cream in a mason jar was fanfuckingtastic.  So rich, sweet and the whipped cream was definitely homemade and perfect.  When Mrs. Q asked how it was, I asked her how many sticks of butter were in this.  She said no butter!  HOW??  I must find out the secret.  Wow!  We were floored.  

It's a great menu.  I can't wait to try more!
I think they are still working out the kinks.  We did not enjoy our food.  Chicken and waffles (chicken tasted dry, waffles dry and flavorless... they drizzle cayenne honey butter, it sounds way better than it tastes. The sauce was tastes greasy.) Owner even checked in "this is how WE serve it, if you'd like I can bring you some sauces if you want to dip your chicken in it..."  Let's see what else? The ribs were good, but a little too sweet. Again, he owner checked in with us said "we did something completely different than we normally do- what do you think?" Other orders: The shrimp and grits, bland- not memorable- wish I ordered something else. Side of black eyed peas, I think three people salted it without realizing they doubled efforts because it was SALTY- we only took a few nibbles.  Stick to the chicken wings. With the chicken wings, you don't feel like you get a value, a 1lb is just a small little handful... leaves you pondering and displeased overall. While we were there, a food critic was there too: we overheard him explain to the owner "it's not for me, but maybe other people will love it, and it is totally for them but it's not for me."  In the end, I think it's weird that the owner has to keep explaining his food- this means he checks in quite often. I dont' think we "get it."  Also the lady server was so bored, she checking in on us a lot too. And we felt kind of rushed to get out. I know once they leave the experimental phase, and incorporate some feedback from customers, I will give this place another shot.
Last cheat meal before a photoshoot? I voted for barbeque, so we looked on Yelp and thought we'd give Bobby Q Grille a try. Off the bat, minus 1 star for no ribs available on a Sunday afternoon... *sad face* But Bobby Q redeemed itself in other ways, as follows...

Our server Stef was very nice. The restaurant was not particularly crowded but there were a handful of other patrons there. Stef was the only server and she did a great job of being attentive.

We ordered:
-Cornbread
-Shrimp and grits
-Bbq platter (no ribs available though)
-Chicken tenders (with Oscar Goodman sauce)
-Sides: coleslaw, vegetable of the day, mac & cheese

The best part of the entire meal was the OSCAR GOODMAN SAUCE on the chicken tenders. I asked Stef for a spicy sauce recommendation. Her reply, "well, the Oscar Goodman is made with habeneros, but are you sure you want that because it's so spicy I can only get through one chicken tender. Some grown men even cry." Um...that was music to my ears, lady. I WANT THE OSCAR GOODMAN SAUCE!

Indeed, it was SPICY. I think I could have handled it maybe even a notch spicier (blame my Korean palate) but maybe that could be accomodated with a gradient scale when ordering that sauce. Regardless, it was flavorful, spicy, and even though I was quite disappointed when we first arrived to learn that there were no ribs available for order (it IS a bbq place, right?) that sauce really made my meal.

I will definitely be back again soon, and the next time I'm there I hope that 1.) I can finally try some ribs and 2.) that I can buy a bottle of that sauce.
This place has a ton of potential. I was a little concerned that it was located in a bar, but I didn't have to be. They have their own entrance and dining area, as well as the bar, and it is not smokey at all. It was completely empty when we arrived, but the waitress informed us that they hadn't had their grand opening yet and were still ironing everything out. She did mention that they have quite a substantial lunch crowd. 

The tables are set up with your silverware in a mason jar, that soon becomes your cup. The menu is simple, but with heavy Southern notes. We decided to start with the fried pickles, a weakness of mine. I generally prefer the spears, as the slices can be a bit salty and oily since they have so much breading. This was not the case here, the pickles had great flavor and the breading was perfect, not too light and not too heavy. The ranch on the side was homemade and delicious. I had my heart set on the pulled pork tacos, but the waitress explained that they make everything from scratch and they had run out of pulled pork. I settled on the beef brisket sandwich with their lime coleslaw. The coleslaw had an unexpected kick and not much lime flavor, but it was good with the meat. The meat was cooked perfectly and there was a nice little side cup of vinegary BBQ sauce. Everything really worked together and I was quite pleased. My husband had the fish and chips, they were out of mashed potatoes so we were unable to try their signature potato swirls. The fish was a tiny bit overcooked, but still crispy and tasty. The chips were large and hearty, quite delicious. We had to finish our meal out with the key lime pie in a jar! It was absolutely adorable and a perfect balance of sweet and sour. It was a bit on the heavy side so there was no way we were going to finish it. We were able to purchase the lid for $1 and just take the entire mason jar home! I thought this was a great idea! I love having an extra jar around and the waitress let us know that they will be engraved in the future. 

This place has great potential and I imagine that they will iron out the kinks and be on their way! The food is really great and the service was fantastic. The waitress used an Ipad to take our order and we even paid with it, innovative. They have all the makings of an up and coming restaurant and I am excited to see them grow. I will definitely be back for those tacos!
Finally Authentic BBQ in Vegas!  Have had dinner here twice in past month and it is our new favorite.  Good menu...Have tried pulled pork, chicken tenders w/4 sauces.  Recommend getting there early for dinner as the last few times they were out of Brisket by 8:00pm!  Met the owners and they are true southerners who own two food trucks in Las Vegas.  All family recipes on the menu and great selection...cole slaw, red beans & rice, fried cat fitsh, etc.!  Employees are very friendly and they are adjacent to a Putter's owned bar.
Stopped in today on the recommendation of my daughter and I'm sure glad we did.  Would have liked clearer signage, even though we knew the address we accidentally drove by the restaurant and had to turn back to get there.  

Once inside we were pleased with the cleanliness and casual decor.  The tables and chairs are comfortable, and Food Network was playing on the flat-screen.  

I ordered the deep fried pickles right away to share with my wife and daughter, and my daughter ordered the corn bread with the understanding that the corn bread would take aprox. 20 minutes because it's made to order.  I ordered the butter burger, and the ladies both had a beef brisket sandwich with the coleslaw.  

I like how the waitress asked it they wanted the beef trimmed, wish more places did that!  I also was able to tailor order my burger the way I prefer it, as I'm very picky with what I want on my food, and there was no hesitation or "it comes on the side, so just don't put it on" attitude, very nice and very appreciated.

The food was great.  The brisket had an excellent smoke flavor and was not dry.  It was well trimmed, and tender.  The burger was made how I ordered it, medium, and not done, which is usually the way a burger comes no matter how I order it.  Great buttery flavor, and juicy and tender!  The corn bread was cooked in a cast iron pan, and was done perfectly with just a little brown on the bottom.  The corn bread was a little dry for me, and I thought the flavor was slightly bland.  

We also got a key lime pie in a jar, and a bread pudding in a jar.  I had no problem finishing the key lime by myself while my wife had the bread pudding.  It was just the right size for me for a desert, but would probably be shareable for most.  I though it was very good, but I personally would have made it a bit tarter for myself.  

All in all, it was a very good meal, and while it wasn't out-of-this-world, the price was very reasonable at just under $60!  Not bad for 3 people which included appetizers, entrees, sodas, and deserts.  

Lastly, we had the owners sit and chat with us while we ate, which is not something we normally do, and had a nice conversation.  They did not intrude, as we asked them to come over, and it was just a nice friendly informal conversation.  It's nice to see people with a passion for food be able to enjoy serving their customers.  Vegas could sure use more restaurants like this one!
I had read the reviews and was excited to come here for a good meal. 
We greeted warmly. The young lady came over right away. She was lovely. She is Mrs. Q. She took our drink orders and explained a little bit to us. 
The server came over to take our orders. We had to try to the fried pickles. They were fantastic. The sauce also very good. Mrs. Q also brought us the comeback sauce which was awesome. 
We were disappointed though that they no longer serve Fried Chicken. That is why we went. It was on the menu on the website. I did ask why it was no longer served and the server explained they are a scratch restaurant and that the Fried Chicken takes about 25 minutes to prepare. 
Honestly is that not what Southern food and Hospitality is about?? Enjoying good food and conversation. We would have waited. To us good food is worth the wait. And seriously why is everyone always in a hurry? And Vegas is in need of good Fried Chicken. In my opinion it was a mistake to take it off the menu. JMO. 
We had a burger and wings. Were they good, yes. Were they the best we have had honestly no. 
If they bring back the chicken we will return. 
We do thank you for the Fried Pickles and the hospitality.
Southern Hospitality at it's finest.  I went in for lunch today and Bobby himself was there to introduce us to the place.  We started off with some very southern sweet tea.  Bobby explained the menu and had this passion that was so obvious it made you want everything(as if I didn't already), so we ordered too much :)

We started with the fried pickles and deviled eggs.  The fried pickles were perfect in every way shape and form.  Crispy, perfectly seasoned, accompanied with homemade ranch.  The deviled eggs were flavorful and perfectly cooked.

Now for the entrees.  We had a brisket sandwich, a side of fries, smothered greens and a side of wings with spicy buffalo sauce.  The brisket was tender and smoky and I liked the bun it was on, the bbq sauce was great, but the coleslaw might have been the weak point being under seasoned and there was no salt on any of the tables.  The fries were typical BBQ joint fries, not as crispy as bistro fries but flavorful and served with a great sauce.  The collard greens with pork were perfect.  Not overcooked, a little crunchy still with tons of flavor.  The wings were great, crunchy without breading which is always a feat, large and tender.  The sauce we got was a spicy buffalo sauce, I would say it isn't really spicy but very tasty.

It was a great meal, we are a bit full at the moment but we will definitely go back.  I want to try the chicken and waffles!  I have to say that the enthusiasm for ones business is so nice to watch.  He really cares about what he does there and you can taste the passion.
Definitely some of the best barbeque I have had, definitely best in Vegas.  I have lived in Texas for some time, and this restaurant will do well.

The owners (husband and wife) are really good people.  You can tell they take passion in their food.  Simply eat their brisket, and you can tell it is significantly better than other BBQ joints.  I actually never really liked brisket because most places make it so dry, but try it here, it is made quite differently.  First time in my life I had juicy brisket, and I didn't need to drown it in sauce to be able to eat it.  Definitely my favorite on the menu.

From the fall of the bone spare ribs, to their bacon mac n cheese, even their fries, everything is made with heart.  I love that.  They have a bunch of sauces to pick from (my favorite is original Bobby Q sauce) their ranch is homemade as well and really good (and I'm not even a fan of ranch!)  They have sweet tea as well, and it is served in jars, nice touch, reminds me of Texas.

Server is also very friendly and accommodating.  The restaurant is hard to find, the signage is hard to see, but it is with the bar called Spectators next to gas station.

Cheers!
I was served by a waitress named Cindy and she was fantastic. We had a problem with our order, but she went above and beyond to make everything right and comfortable for us. She was very professional, and great. Will definitely be back, no biz is perfect and the true gauge of a good business is how they handle the not so easy moments.
No trip to Bobby Q Grille is complete without trying their ribs. It's the best thing I've tried so far and possibly some of the best ribs in the city. That might not be saying much since Vegas isn't know for it's BBQ, but it's still delicious with it's slightly charred exterior and fall-off-the-bone tender meat. The pulled pork and hot link are excellent, as well. The beef brisket was under seasoned and my least favorite of the BBQ meats.

The sides were good, but aren't exactly on the same level as the BBQ. The bacon mac 'n cheese was light on bacon but still gooey and delicious. If you're a fan of chunky mashed potatoes, you'll like their garlic mashed potatoes. Fries were nice and crispy and freshly cut in-house. None of that frozen stuff here. Veggies were a bland mix of broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, cucumbers, and pea pods. But, adding the creole seasoning they provided on the side made a world of difference.

Chicken tenders are real strips of chicken that are lightly breaded and deliciously crispy. Again, nothing that has been frozen or that was pre-packaged. They even make their own ranch dressing.

The only dessert I've tried was the strawberry jello cake. It's basically cake soaked in jello, topped with whipped cream and served in a mason jar. It's damn good, big enough to share, and guaranteed to satisfy your sweet tooth.

The place is located in a gaming tavern but kid's are allowed in the dining area. Just not in the bar area.

This restaurant has some great potential. The biggest drawback is that they can run out of certain items (like the ribs or brisket) well before dinner time. Of course, that's because they're new and they don't have a consistent, steady stream of customers from day to day. If the ribs and pulled pork are on the menu when you visit, then you'll probably have a great time.
Saturday night, party of 6...Bobby Q Grille left us waiting...

I will point out that a larger party came in around the same time we did and the kitchen got backed up.  The waitress did apologize for the wait and gave a complimentary dessert for all of us to share.

We started off with two orders of the Best Fried Pickles Ever ($6).  It supposed to come with their scratch ranch sauce, but they had just run out and was making a new batch.  So ours were served with another sauce. Then the famous Chicken Wings (3 lbs for $22) arrived and we had our choice of three wing sauces.  It's six wings in a pound here and it didn't really look like three pounds to us.  Anyway, the best sauce of the three we tried was the Lemon Pepper.  That was dang good.  Vampire's Kryptonite was supposed to be a garlic sauce and there wasn't enough garlic flavoring at all.  We expected with a name like Vampire's Kryptonite that garlic would be oozing out of our pores by the end.  It's quite tame actually.  The Chef's Sauce of the Day was Honey Buffalo and it was just okay.

Next to arrive was the Rib of the Day (6 for $13).  It was a bit messy and a bit hard to cut and pull apart.  We weren't as wowed about it as we hoped unfortunately.

The rest of our dinner came out in spurts...

* Mama's Cornbread ($5) - This takes about 15 minutes to make and the waitress does let  us know upfront.  It comes in hot cast iron skillet with their homemade cajun honey butter along with sides of Country Crock spread.  It's more moist than other cornbreads and reminds me of a pancake. I liked it and even my dad who doesn't normally like crumbly cornbread thought this was okay in his book.

* New Orleans' Red Rice and Beans ($10) - It came with some spicy cajun sausage that I liked!  I didn't try the fresh red beans though.

* Shrimp & Grits ($8) - The shrimp was cooked perfectly and the cheesy polenta arrived in a mason jar.  The garlic bread that accompanied it was nothing special.  I especially enjoyed my grits with the cajun sausage that arrived with the red beans & rice dish.  (If I could, I would order the grits topped with cajun sausage.)

* Fish and Taters ($12) - This came with a Loaded Potato Swirl, which is a potato that's been restuffed with garlic mashed potatoes.  My sister brought this home as a leftover and was sad she forgot to eat it.  The fish was tasty along with their homemade tartar sauce.

* Slow Smoked Beef Brisket Sandwich ($9) - This was the last to arrive and we couldn't understand why.  We thought the brisket should have been done already and just needed to be sliced, so we don't know if the order just got lost somewhere.  The slices were a bit too thick for my dad's liking and he found the sandwich a bit dry as well.  He had the option of the coleslaw on the side or in the sandwich, and chose it on the side.  He only ate a quarter of it.

* Key-Lime Pie ($5) - The favorite for the group was the dessert.  And although you had a bunch of adults sharing this one dessert, it was loved.  All of their desserts are served in mason jars, so it's a bit of a challenge when you're the first to scoop.  But once you get going, you can really dig in there.

Bobby Q Grille shares a space with Spectators Bar.  It's a bit confusing to find, but it's behind the Chevron gas station.  Initially it says "No One Under 21 Allowed" but I believe this is only reference to the bar area that is connected.  Their air condition was running a bit strong that evening that it made my dad's back hurt. 

Overall, I think we expected and hoped for more.  The food didn't blow us away as we thought it would and I think the lackluster chicken wings set the tone.
Guess i shouldve wore my hater proof shirt..lol....i was sooooo mad when i left here..sorry cassie you were totally awesome if you ever relocate look me up on yelp and ill go eat!  Where do i start? Oh ya so....Bobby Q messaged me after my last expierience apologizing about my food and explained they had the wrong oil delivered and to please come in ask for him and see their real "hospitality". I thought his message was awesome so tonight i called asked for the owner and a girl answered the phone and seemed soooooo nice told me the owners werent there and so i asked to place a to go order again (and thought well if they dont know im a yelper they will show their real colors!!!!! omg and that they did) i made my order for myself and my hubby and then asked if they had a childrens menu she very politely replied "oh no! But what a great idea thanks" (super sweet right) So i get there and walk in and its the same ghost town no body in sight only this time there wasnt even a bartender to ask...but when i walked into the bar area after waiting a while at 8:57pm I peaked around the corner into the kitchen and saw a girl (later to be named stephanie) on her cell phone. So i wait some more and decided to give up so i called my hubby to see if he wanted something different to eat and while i was explaining to him "i dont know how im suppose to give a good yelp reveiw when history repeats itself" Stephanie walks out ..i finished my conversation with "gotta go babe she finally came out"  Stephanie storms over to me and loudly says "oh, I finnally came out huh" i was just blown away i asked what the problem was she told me i was rude for saying that because she had just walked out of the back and i was lying about waiting but maybe i should go yelp about that!  I told her to check her cameras and told her i dont need her attitude and to keep the food im leaving. Then cassie ran out to me and begged for me not to leave( while stephanie was screaming running around the resturant saying how i had been there before i was that B*tch who wrote the yelp review and she didnt need to take my Sh*t) cassie told me she had made my food and was new there and she apologized for stephanies behavior told me she doesnt know what is wrong with her and after about 5 mins i came in handed stephanie my money (STUPID) took my food and cassie walked me out and apoogized again and as she was doing that this Crazy girl opens the door and asks me if i want my 36cents change (i thought she was going to throw it at me) i told her to keep it and told cassie i was going to try not to write a reveiw but contact the owner....sooooo i get in my car and feel bad for not tipping cassie so i walked back in to her and heard stephanie on her phone saying "i dont need this sh*t and your the one who told her to come back" so now i question how sincere the owners response was to me and how sincere they are at all HOSPITALITY!? What a joke! I tipped cassie and left.  The Food you ask ? lets just say this couldve been a great review update  to bad so sad... jealousy  or something is what i chop it up to with stephanie she was soooo nice both times on the phone til she saw me sorry not everyone is as blessed as me that doesnt mean you have to treat us like sh*t! They might have fixed the food problem but they need to work on there night time hospitality...sorry cassie i will NEVER be back! And to the owners...i wouldve rather had food like the last time than be badgered by your hostess and as a business owner i would never allow my employees to talk to me or anyone like that. This was like an awesome episode of kitchen nightmares!
This is one of those wacky places that has the bar split off from the restaurant and makes you run separate bills.  The food was pretty dang good, but I was a little put off by the fact that the billing is wonky.
I swear I thought I died and went to N'awlins. 
But before Chef Bobby Wilkinson launched me and my unsuspecting palate into a dreamy, hour-long gastronomic orbit above the Old South there was the hello.
Your first impression of this place is the warmly smiling, quick and efficient wait staff that greets you at Bobby Q. 
Bobby is from the South, and it shows in both the people he hires to take care of guests and in a menu that bubbles right out of his native Gulf Coast.
At Bobby Q's, the choices are modest, but good god this man is a chef without barbecue equal anywhere. His meat dishes are so good you don't need the finger-licking-good sauce they give you with each plate (the mark of a barbecue master). In our handful of times here, my girlfriend and I have had both the beef and the pork. Both are excellent.
We also regularly start with the shrimp-and-grits appetizer. 
Everything here is so delicious, so cooked with an obvious love and respect for Gulf Coast-style barbecue (smoked for hours, using the finest meats and spices, with sauce on the side if you want it) you'll want to curl up in the booth and go to sleep before you ever reach the desert course.
Do not miss this place. You'll probably talk to Bobby at some point, as he makes a habit of working the dining room, often sitting down over some iced tea to talk and laugh with guests.
One caveat, however: Don't go on a First Friday. Bobby has a food truck that works that event, and he's usually out of one or two menu items on those days, usually the brisket.
Truly a mom and pop restaurant.  I work out at a dance studio nearby and wandered in while walking to my car.  So glad I did.  Just got a 1/2 rack of ribs and cornbread to take home try out with my family...wish we got a full rack!  It was very tasty, and will definitely be back to try out some other menu items aside from the ribs :)
Locally owned and bring great tastes to Phoenix and Awatukee.  Family run with simple and great dishes.  Fried Chicken to perfection, Rib's are fall off the bone tender and tasty, Cornbread is great.  Don't miss the sides:  Sweet Potato, Baked Mac and Cheese, Baked Beans.  Seems that most with the exception to the Ribs, that are slow cooked, is cooked to order and fresh.

Owners are cordial and friendly.  Still getting their signage so it is a touch hard to see.

Good portions, going to take a bit to crawl through all the offerings especially the Sides and Desserts.

In the Basha's Center at 48th and Warner on the South side.
The best fried chicken in Phoenix, hands down. The owners (Laurita & Brad) are genuinely friendly. Good to know that there are still people who care about their craft and their customers. I will be working my way through the menu from top to bottom.

Today's selection was from the dinner menu; Fried Chicken (breast & wing), sweet potatos and collard greens. 

Be prepared to visit with your companions for a while as you wait for your food as everything is prepared after you order...can't rush these simple pleasures.
The Customer Service was Awsome, the Catfish and Tilapia Dinners were good! I just didn't like the potato salad, I also had the Red Velvet Cake, it was heavy and had not taste, the frosting didn't have much if any cream cheese in it, that would have helped the cake taste better. I think I'll try a pie next time. I'm a baker myself so I'm sorta picky when it comes to bake goods! The price is good too for all you get.
Thank goodness I found this place.  I was worried I was going to have to suffer out the rest of my existence in Phoenix without decent fried chicken.  Family owned, friendly, accommodating, and fantastic food are all things I love about many different restaurants, but when they come together in one place, you can bet I'll be a regular.  I happened to be in the Ahwatukee/S Phoenix area for work at the end of the day and found myself checking Yelp for places nearby to pick up dinner.  Ezekiel's popped up, the few reviews were extremely positive, and who am I to turn down chicken if everyone likes it?  

I've been here about 3 times now (with many more visits in the near future), and the food has been consistent, flavorful, hearty, and filling.  The chicken is juicy on the inside with a wonderful lightly crispy skin; I found myself licking the bones for more flavor when I finished off the meat.  The cornbread was the best side, with just the right amount of crumbly graininess, and I would highly recommend ordering extra.  I wasn't too impressed with the green beans (slightly soggy and overcooked), but I refuse to let that detract from the main dish: chicken.  You go to a fried chicken place for the fried chicken, not for vegetables. 

I didn't find the wait too long, though I usually order ahead of time and go pick it up.  I appreciate food cooked to order, rather than food precooked and sitting under a heat lamp.  Yes, more, please!
Good family restaurant
This is another rare violation of my own personal policy of "two visits before a stellar review." In this case, I must tell any and all readers that I have discovered the VERY BEST FRIED CHICKEN IN PHOENIX.

Ezekiel's is transplanted from York, Pennsylvania and it is our good fortune that they landed in Ahwatukee. A little short on ambiance (can you imagine old fashioned Formica topped luncheonette table ambiance) it really doesn't matter. Take it home; it seems everyone else is, based on the customers there on a Saturday evening taking theirs home.

Ezekiel's has managed to do with fried chicken what Lolo's, Mrs. Whites and others here in Phoenix just can't measure up to. The cooked to order Fried Chicken is served up golden crispy on the outside, yet still light, without that heavy batter so many insist on using and no oily taste whatsoever. Ezekiel's is doing it right and in my opinion, better than almost any others I have had, even better than the now world famous Willie Mae's Scotch House in New Orleans. In addition to that golden crust outside, each piece is tender and juicy on the inside. The breast portion is as big a chicken breast as you have even seen! The only drawback with that large a breast is that I found I ran out of "crispy skin" long before I was done with the luscious white meat. Absolutely flawless fried chicken and reasonably priced at 8 pieces for $10.99 (with two servings of cornbread) and 12 pieces for $13.99 (with three servings of cornbread). Price really doesn't make a difference, for fried chicken of this quality, I would pay more!

The normal "sides" you expect to find in a "Soul Food Restaurant" are here, with collard greens, fried cabbage, sweet potatoes, potato and macaroni salad, etc. My choice, based on the recommendation of the very nice lady who took my order (a daughter in this family owned establishment) was Baked Macaroni and Cheese and it did not disappoint.

I am going to find it hard to try their other specialties (Catfish, Tilapia, Ribs, Crab Cakes and Salmon Cakes) because I will NOT be able to resist the fried chicken. Maybe I will try the others for lunch.

Get there and when you do, chances are you will find me waiting for my next order of the VERY BEST FRIED CHICKEN IN PHOENIX!
Not only was the chicken the best I've had in Phoenix, the sides were all great too. The staff was very friendly and helpful as it was our first time in. Yelp says they closed at 9 but their door said 8. The (I'm assuming) owner assured us they would cook as long as people were coming in for food. So if you're craving really juicy well seasoned fried chicken, this is the spot!
This little place is a hidden gem. Don't pass it up - terrific food, friendly people, and did I mention terrific food? We had ribs and fried chicken and several side dishes. The ribs were tender and meaty with a delectable bbq sauce. The chicken was lightly battered, peppery, hot and delicious. Sides - collard greens to beat all, fried cabbage, sweet potatoes that were sweeeeet and green beans that were good too. The cornbread was a bit sweet, but dry. It could use a little butter and honey I think. But hey Ezekiel's I will be back again and again and again. Yum.
Move over Lolo's, Phoenix finally has a good fried chicken restaurant. 
The owner and staff are very friendly.  Everything is homemade, excluding french fries. My order (for three people) consisted of a 12 piece fried chicken with 3 pieces of cornbread and a large serving of collard greens.  The amount of chicken was HUGE and there was plently to take home for left over.  
Bottom line, the fried chicken is fantastic.  
I have no need to go to Lolos anymore; besides the only reason I went there in the first place was for the waffles.
Best fried chicken in Ahwatukee? How about best fried chicken west of the Mississippi River! Lunch was fabulous! Fried chicken, cole slaw, perfect. Next "don't feel like cooking " evening I'll be getting a whole bucket!!
This place is a dump. When I walked in I noticed that there was not a soul there yet all the tables were dirty and the staff were sitting at the dining tables playing on their laptops. I ordered fried chicken and sweet potatoes and after waiting 25 minutes for my food to arrive I realized they gave me collard greens instead of sweet potatoes.  I was also served warm water because they ran out of ice so one of the employees went to get ice from the Basha's right around the corner and when he returned he had to turn around and go right back because they also ran out of change.  Needless to say I will not be returning although the chicken was decent.  I can't see this place lasting more than a couple more months.
FRIED CHICKEN, FRIED CHICKEN & MORE FRIED CHICKEN! By far the best fried chicken I have had and I don't have to drive all the way to Phoenix. Heard about this place through my boyfriend's mom who got their coupons in the mail. It's a bit hard to find but look for the circular yellow sign, that's Ezekiel's. It's a small place but the owners are extremely nice. Walked in and I think it was the owner's daughter and son sitting in the table closest to the counter (didn't really enjoy having them sit there the whole time on their computer, kind of made us uncomfortable when we were eating our meal). The daughter took our order which was the 2 piece meal but she didn't let us know that you had a choice to pick your pieces. We had to find out when the owner was taking an order and offered it to his customer.... oh well. Our food came out and it was delicious! I had collard greens and everyone said mac n cheese was a must-have. So collard greens were AWESOME! I had to add a little more apple cider vinegar and hot sauce cuz I like my greens with a tang. Mac n cheese... ehhhhhhhhhh. When you say baked, I assume it's going to have a crispy crumb topping. It was just crusty cheese on cheese. It wasn't as creamy either, a bit oily and I couldn't finish it. It was good overall but just not what I expected. The cornbread is sweet and crumbly and the fried chicken is to die for! Crispy, hot from the fryer, full of flavor and JUICY! THIS is mouthwatering, finger licking good, pick up the crispy pieces from your plate GOOOOOD! We had a coupon for a free dessert and I chose the chocolate cake. A little dry cuz it was late at night but it was DIVINE. So sweet and the frosting is really good. Definitely wanting to go back for more fried chicken!
Really delish food, fresh, and friendly service. Fried chicken was amazing, really good corn bread.
My husband is from Louisiana and we've wanted to try this place.  We had the fried chicken and ribs, both great!  For sides we tried the greens, sweet potatoes, Mac n cheese and macaroni salad.  My husband loved the greens, I loved the sweet potatoes.  

The family that owns it are so nice and helpful, my daughter thought the woman at the front was great.  It took a while to get the food.   You can order ahead or they do local delivery.  Like the other reviews said, it is not fancy, just down home cooking.   

Can't wait to try the desert, people came in just for the banana cake and the triple chocolate cake.
Happy to find another great place in the East Valley for some comfort food. Had the Frie Chicken Combo w/Mac & Cheese & Greens. Entire meal was on point. Looking forward to returning back for the Catfish, and Ribs, just gotta pace myself....
No better fried chicken in AZ!! Way better than Lolos and the staff is AMAZING
If you are from the east coast and have been on the never ending search for Crab Cakes in the Valley of The Sun...look no further.  Crab Cakes reminds me of Baltimore Inner Harbor!. The ribs ( not much of a meat eater myself) the hubby got... but.... I must say...... he did not end up with many for himself good thing we share.  The sweet potatoes..perfection.
Yum!!!  Finally, a place that serves fried chicken.  And not just any fried chicken; the BEST fried chicken I've had in Phoenix!  The catfish was also delicious.  We tried the macaroni, green beans, cole slaw, and fries (for the toddler).  The sides alone could be a meal.  We didn't have anything to take home, so we ordered ribs to go.  The owners are friendly and greet you as you walk in and then they come around to check on you and chat for a few minutes.  We will be back, to try the rest of the menu.  Keep in mind this is not fast food.  It will take 20 minutes or so to prepare your meal for you.  Good food is always worth the wait, in my opinion.
Wow! All I can say if wow. I had this for the first time on Friday and it was the best soul food I've ever had.

The chicken was amazing, the sweet potatos were great, the mac and cheese was perfect and the red velvet cake was the best I've had.

The only complaint I have is it's too close to my home in Phoenix. That's like putting a crack addict next to a crack house! 

All kidding aside, the portions were huge so remember that one meal could actually feed two adults. You won't be sorry.
My family visited Ezekiel's for lunch last week.  I'm from Atlanta and my wife is from Texas so we both grew up eating the sort of food that is served here.  

We had a variety of items -  fried chicken, crab cake, sweet potatoes, collard greens, macaroni & cheese, and corn bread.  All were excellent.  Stand outs were:  fried chicken that was served up so hot that we had a wait a bit before we could take a bite; Sweet potatoes that had an awesome flavor; Collard greens that were just right - tender, but not mushy and not too salty or sweet like some places.

We were extremely pleased that authentic southern comfort food is now available in Ahwatukee and will be visiting again soon!
Not just Locally Owned..........FAMILY Owned & Operated.  Ahwatukee needs more of this!!  

SOLIDS:  Fried Chicken Sandwich came with a really nice piece of boneless chicken, fresh piping hot. Collard greens, cooked right (not mushy). Sweet Potato Mash and Mac n Cheese were good sides for the meat.  
Loved the hot sauce , just the right mix of vinegar and pepper to offset the plump catfish.  We could tell the oil was fresh, the food did not have any kind of "old fryer" flavor - it tasted FRESH Fried!!

Don't go in there in a Hurry - good soul food takes some time to cook.  Get a sweet tea and set awhile.  Kind of reminded me of a family reunion I went to in Mississippi, just good home food.  Brought home mini sweet potato pie and some choco cake with pnut butter frosting YUM YUM.
Just had Ezekial's fried chicken and several side dishes by take-out last night. It was very good!  We really liked the chicken, green beans and the coleslaw, which was dressed with a mayo base but lightly--just right and perfect complement to the chicken. Can't wait to try their ribs on my next order. I have high expectations.
Superb fried chicken. They have a way of making it super juicy on the inside and crunchy on the outside without it being greasy. The baked mac & cheese is good, too. But don't come here in a hurry. It takes 15-20 minutes to get your food after you place your order. Better to call ahead.
Only tried chicken so far but very good!
I have never had such awful food... The catfish and chicken were old and overcooked same with the  green beans and the LITTLE sweet potato pie my dog would not eat. The website made me give it 1 star or it would be none. RUN AWAY
It smelled awesome walking in, so we were really optimistic at the start of our dining experience.  The food was very disappointing.  The catfish was the toughest fish I have ever tried to eat.  The thinner parts of the it were so hard I could not eat at all.  The fried chicken was super dry.  I dont know why they served it to us because it was visibly overcooked.  The marshmallows that I'm assuming were meant for the sweet potatoes were melted on the bun for my catfish sandwich.  The gentleman behind the counter was friendly but nothing was brought to our table.  Which seemed a little strange considering I need to use a cane to walk and I was there with an elderly parent- so to have us keep getting up to come to the counter to get the sodas he forgot to give us, then the chicken which came out later, then sauces.  We took our leftovers with us (which there were a lot of) but we just threw it away somewhere else because we were embarassed that none of us liked it and felt bad throwing it all away in front of them.  Seeing all the good reviews on here I might go try it again.  I really like to support locally owned business.  But it was really bad food even though we wanted to like it.
Well I perhaps expected to much as we walked into this establishment. The wife and I decided to come out here because she read that this was the place to come to have some good SOUL FOOD. The first problem I had was that the place was warm...guess the AC wasn't working. The young lady at the counter wanted us to wait while she finished writing something down from her cellphone. I found that funny because there were only two other people in the place and guess whatever was on her cellphone was more important.

So anyway after looking at menu which didn't have red beans and rice.....black eyed peas.....or peach cobbler....we decided to order. I had the fried chicken (white meat only) with the mac n cheese.....collard greens.....large drink.....and cornbread. Chicken was juicy and hot....mac n cheese was good....collard greens were perfect.....cornbread was a little sweet for my taste but it was decent nonetheless. I had red velvet cake for Dessert and that really allowed me to look over the condition of the establishment and the customer service because the cake was REALLY GOOD. 

Make sure you print out the coupons from there website.....I have read other reviews where people were having issues printing them. They are not actual coupons.....all you need to do is just print the entire page(s) and bring it to the restaurant....they will honor those. The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you receive but Dulan's Soul Food Kitchen in Los Angeles.....and LOLO's right here in Scottsdale AZ are much better choices for Soul Food. Overall I wanted to give this locale 4 stars....but the customer service and the fact that it was very uncomfortable in there caused me to stick with the 3 stars. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
Above average fried chicken and ribs delivered right to my office. I liked the potato salad and the mac n' cheese but I think everything would have been much better if eaten at the restaurant. 30-min in a foam box doesn't do this type of food any favors.
Ezekiel's provides a nice taste of Soul Food right in your own back yard.  I've had the Mac & Cheese, Greens, Cornbread, and Catfish on a consistent basis and they were on-point each time.  Trust me, my wife can throw down but there's those occasions when you want the taste of home without the work.  It takes a minute to prepare buy hey, "Rome Wasn't Built In A Day.'  Jus Sayin!
Husband and wife team that were very friendly to me when I came in. Food is good! Waited awhile for my order but the owner was apologetic. Cakes awesome!
Oh gracious, what can I say!  Was in the mood for fried chicken and theirs is out of this world.  My husband who normally eats one breast and picks at the wings, ate 2 breasts, a leg, a thigh and a wing. It was chicken with breading, not breading with a little chicken like you get most places. I know someone said they were pricey but I don't think so for the "quality" you get.  The chicken was succulent and the breading was seasoned perfectly. My husband has been to Mrs. White's and says this chicken beats there hands down. Also, tried the slaw which had just enough sweetness and was not vinegary which meets my personal taste. I get my hair cut right next door to the place but this is the first time I tried it and I did it based on Yelp reviews.  Now I know what I will be bringing home every 6 weeks for dinner.

If I have any criticism, it would be their $5 delivery charge.  Between that and the tip, I paid an extra $9 over what it would have cost had I picked it up myself.  However, suck it up, last night it was worth it between the heat and how tired I was from work. We are only 2 1/2 miles away so from now on if I want it on a non-haircut night, I will go right from work before my body has a chance to say "hallelujah, cool in here so relax - don't go out again."
OMG!!!!  I haven't had sweet potatoes like these EVER.  Best meal I've had in a long time.  Greens, chicken, cornbread, were so good but the sweet potatoes took the cake!  Phenomenal!  IF you enjoy soul food and you have yet to eat at Ezekiel's aka Zeke's then you need to go tomorrow!
This place was recommended to my boyfriend and I by an acquaintance of ours. We were looking for something a little different than usual when we stopped by this place. As it turns out, it's a small little restaurant on Warner in the plaza by Basha's, Chuck E. Cheese's, and many other stores. It was a little tricky trying to find the place but we found it okay.

The ambiance has that family owned feel so it wasn't terribly too shocking that it's family run!
 
My boyfriend ordered fried chicken lunch with collard greens, cornbread, and had the Cherry Kool-Aid. I had ordered the tilapia lunch with baked macaroni & cheese, cornbread, and had a soda. The gentleman behind the counter gave us an almost exact time (even though it seemed he was doing everything himself).

Once the food came out, my boyfriend and I dug in! The tilapia tasted extremely fresh! It tasted as though they just caught it this morning! The macaroni & cheese actually tasted like macaroni & cheese! The cornbread was as sweet and wonderful as expected!

I took a bite of my boyfriend's chicken just to try how his chicken was - and it was perfectly crisp, seasoned, and delicious! The collard greens were also really delicious!

Originally, we were planning to purchase & eat some dessert but by the time we were done (and we literally ate everything on our plates), we just couldn't eat any more.

However, this restaurant isn't without its criticisms. The Cherry Kool-Aid was way too sweet! Normally, I could handle a lot of sweetened drinks but with this Kool-Aid, it's just way too sweet! I don't know how my boyfriend could handle it since he doesn't really like sweets that much himself. While both the macaroni & cheese and collard greens were extremely delicious, it was still a bit bland. However, it's nothing a little extra salt and pepper couldn't fix.

Now the question remains: would we return to Ezekiel's Restaurant? Of course we would! Despite the minor complaints we share, we can definitely see ourselves become regulars here!
My husband and I bought our dinner here tonight and here is what we thought.

The restaurant service seemed in disarray, the staff were perhaps too relaxed and hanging about being loud and were not wearing hairnets or hats. Nor were the kitchen staff inside.When we got around to eating the portion sizes were good. I had the fried chicken dinner. Within moments of cutting in I found a hair. it was really gross and off putting. My husband also ordered the chicken and in all fairness it tasted good. The sides on the other hand needs improvement. We also ordered the fried catfish sandwich, which was good although you had to apply your own condiments and did not include any "sauce". The cornbread was also good

So in a nutshell if you enjoy catfish sandwiches, fried chicken and cornbread this is the place to go to.
Looooooove this. I come out of the country of Georgia and evrything down to the sweet tea reminds me of my grandmothergrandmother's' Cooking. I went 4 times in one week! 0.o
We discovered this place by accident when I was doing some reconnaissance on the pizza place a few doors down. Looked at the yelp reviews and decided to give it a shot. 
The place is pretty bare bones inside. Counter service and they call your name when the food is ready. We both had fried chicken and thought it was very good. Be warned that it takes a good 15 minutes but that is because they make the chicken fresh. You can tell because it is rocket hot when you get it. I also had collard greens which had a little sweetness to them which I had not had before. Tasty, but I do like it without sweetness so I can go nuts with the hot pepper vinegar. The Mac and cheese I bet is outstanding right from the oven. This was unfortunately a little clumpy but again you could tell that it was homemade. 
We did not try the desserts, but I am sure we will be back. The folks behind the counter were very friendly and I think the prices are quite reasonable. 
I thought it was a little unprofessional for the girl at the counter to be sitting and reading or texting. I would think there is something more that she could do, or at least check on the guests to see how they are doing. 
All in all, I was pleased. This is probably not quite as good as lo lo's but it is cheaper, closer and there is no long wait to be seated. I hope they do well here.
This place is exactly what Ahwatukee needed.  Amazing fried chicken with an extremely nice family running it.  The sides are pretty good, but not the star.  I could eat the fried chicken everyday.  The service is always super friendly too.
OMG get a cake...get the cakes...get the cake. SO GOOD! This food fills you up and makes you feel comforted. Le sigh. 

I am full, and happy. Food make with love : )
I had my initial doubts about good soul food in the outskirts of ahwahtukee, but I was starving, and it was so conveniently near me.

They have the crispiest fried chicken I have ever had. It is amazing, flavorful, and so tender. Warning, the chicken comes out PIPING HOT.
One of my sides were the mashed sweet potatoes, which is hard to mess up. MMM

5/5 Would come back for some great soul food.
I was really interested in this place that opened up across the street, I got ribs to die for,  collard greens to die for, and I learned the mom makes all the desserts in the morning. I got red velvet cake. It was all great, but cost me $18 for dinner
I just ate here with my husband and my in-laws and it was hands down the BEST fried chicken I have EVER had! Super crispy and tasty on the outside and yummy and juicy on the inside. And we got 8 BIG pieces of chicken and 2 slices of cornbread for $10.99- such a deal! The owners were so kind and welcoming and we enjoyed visiting with them. The collared greens were perfect- nice and crisp- and the sweet potato pie was delish. I am HIGHLY recommending Ezekiel's to anyone who will listen to me. We'll be back.
Love this place...but be ready for a few things. If you are looking for People watching and the game, this might not be the place for you. If you're looking for the Best Fried Chicken and Sides in Arizona, you've found it. 

The owners are great people who really know how to make you feel welcome. They're smiles are as big as their portions. You'll fall in love with the fried chicken and some nights I lay awake thinking about it. Yes, you can't have it all the time but its worth the cheat every now and then. 

The atmosphere is pretty plain here but the food more than makes up for it. Drink selection is sparse but plenty of items on the menu to fill you up. I recommend the Fried Chicken, Potato Salad, Collards, Mac and Cheese. 

Stop reading this review and go here, you can thank me later.
Ok I was referred to this place by a friend because I posted that "I would like to go to Lolo's on Facebook" came in the ladies are not super friendly and welcoming but they are nice if you try to strike up a conversation.  The cook was really nice and welcoming and he's in the back. I had a two piece and sweet potatoes..... one word No! The chicken was good but my mom could have made that at home. They did not have cool aid which was very disappointing to me because I was craving that. I think they can do better and I really hope they do.
Love the chicken and the baked Mac is the best I have ever had. The owner is a great guy who truly makes you feel like he has welcomed you right into his home. This place has become a regular spot for my family. A hidden gem !
Oh my. The food is delicious. Reminds me of going to the south, good home style cooking. I get the chicken cabbage and Mac and cheese. My lady gets catfish, greens, and Mac and cheese. I have tried other soul food restaurants, and they don't come close to comparing.
I have been craving some GOOD soulfood since moving here from California in July and after several weeks of google and yelp, Ezekiel's was high on the list of places to try out. So this past Saturday, I was finally able to go there and I ordered the Fried Chicken Lunch meal with 3 sides (mac & cheese, greens and sweet potatoes) and needless to say, I was beyond dissapointed. The greens taste like sugar, the mac & cheese was just the mac (not cheesy at all) and the sweet potatoes were a mush of burnt sweet potatoes with a pound of nutmeg on top. The fried chicken was ok but definitely not what I am used too. I would prefer Albertson's chicken over Ezekiel's anyday. The best part of the meal was the sprite that helped wash down the dissapointment. I should of read between the lines when I walked in and the place was empty.  It's back to the drawing board for me. I think it is safe to say that AZ is definitely slacking in the food department.
I just devoured the fried chicken....delicious. The green beans were mildly sweet and had a little kick, different but very tasty. I also had the mac & cheese, it too was yummy. The gentleman that waited on me was extremely kind and the little restaurant had a nice homey feel. I really enjoyed my first experience and will definitely be back. Thanks for the great fried chicken...loved it.
I just finished an amazing lunch here. This was my first time here and it was a little hard to find so I'll let you know it's half-way between Taco Bell and Chuck E. Cheese, along the south edge of the mall it's in.

I had the Fried Chicken Dinner with cornbread, cole slaw and sweet potatoes. The chicken breast was perfectly cooked, crispy outside and so juicy inside. The owners' experience shows in how well everything was prepared and in the way the flavors worked so well together. Even the hot sauce was a perfect compliment to the flavor of the chicken. The portion sizes were generous too. Laurita and Brad were very pleasant to talk with as I waited for my dinner to be cooked to order. Well worth the wait!
Absolutely amazing food and great people. Food is always piping hot and fresh. They get all their food fresh and cook your order when you order it nothing is per made. I'm not in town much but this my go to place when I'm home.
Seriously some of the best Mac and cheese I have ever had and the service was so kind and friendly. The owner even gave us some sweet potatoes for our Mac and cheese. Definite must visit
This place was awful!  My husband ordered the crab cakes - they were fishy and tasted like they were from a can,  I had the fried catfish.  It was fair - coating was just cornmeal.  Very dry and tasteless.  The sides were also bland - coleslaw was the best although very sweet.  Cornbread was good.  Woman behind counter was extremely unfriendly.  When she brought our meals, served in to-go boxes, she just threw then on the table.   Meals are pricey.   We had a deal chicken and will never return.
Was looking for good fried chicken (not KFC or Churchs) without having to drive all the way to Lo Lo's. Found this place. Have been here several times.  Food is delicious every time and my kids love it too.
I don't know where to start . The sides are amazing.  Mac and cheese taste like home cook baked (delicious ) . Okay now for the fried chicken . Lord help me lol . It's the best . Family own . Wonderful people . I stay downtown Phx a lil ways from here . But worth the trip !!!
Wow! Let me say that again...WOW!!!  This place is so good and it's going to be the cause of me gaining a million pounds since it's so close to my house. This was my first time here, I had no clue that this place was here. The owner told me that they've been here for two years!! I've been missing out for two years! This place is located in the Bashas shopping center, it's sort of behind the Taco Bell. So skip that junk and head straight on over to Ezekiel's!!

I had the Fried Chicken Dinner that comes two pieces of chicken, two sides and cornbread. I got their mac and cheese and french friends. I can hear my arteries clogging, but it's worth it!! The chicken breast was huge and it was super juicy. The breading tasted delicious and crispy. The cornbread. Super super moist, sweet and tasty. I really can't tell you how amazing this chicken is, words don't do it justice. You have to come experience this fried goodness for yourself. The mac and cheese will make your toes curl. No joke. I wish I was joking, but I'm not. I'm as serious as a heat attack. They make that delicious cheesy goodness there and it's baked. "whaaaa?!" you say. yup. It's baked there. The fries were really good too. I don't know what sort of fairy dust they sprinkled on them, but they had me at spud. 

The owners are so friendly and easy going. They made you feel welcome and knew how to treat a customer. 

If you want some real good food, I mean some REALLY good food, your search is over, my friends. I must warn you, your taste buds will never be the same. This is like taking the red pill...there's no going back. Your eyes will be opened to what good soul food is all about.
Honestly it was the best crab cakes ive ever had in my life!! No exaggeration. ..the sides were hot and tasted like it jus got finished. Great food great food! Im going tere today again!!!
A co worker of mine and I had been trying to get here for a while, and were finally able to shake loose from work to get over here for lunch. There was an AWESOME Yelp deal $10 for $20 worth of food! We each went with the 2 piece chicken meal that came with a side. We both selected the macaroni and cheese, along with the purple kool aid to go along with it. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and perfectly fried, albeit the pieces were kind of small. The macaroni and cheese was disappointing, it was very oily and didn't have any cream or sauce to pull it together. All in all, it was a good meal but not sure I'd go out of my way to get here.
The staff and cooks are absolutely amazing. My wife got the cat fish and baked Mack and cheese which was delicious. I got the fried chicken, baked mac & cheese, and collard greens all of which were excellent the end the inside of the chicken and the catfish were extremely succulent and made fresh. Will definitely be back.
Ribs-The meat slid right off the bones. Very tender. Flavor was average.

Mac n Cheese- consistency left me wanting. Chunks of cheese were next to chunks of noodles. Good flavor though.

Cornbread was awesome!

Friendly staff
Just had lunch here and it was awesome! I got the catfish, greens and potato salad; hubby got the two piece chicken, mac n cheese, and greens - it was all wonderful. The catfish was honestly some of the best we have ever tasted, no joke. 

The owner is SO incredibly nice and welcoming, and talented in the kitchen. However, his daughter is a different story. I feel bad because her attitude is surely negatively affecting business - there were only a handful of people in there at lunch time.

I hope they stay open because this is a one of a kind place with nothing like anywhere near Tukee!
If 5 star dining is what you are looking for this is not your place.  It's a lil divey, old, and warm in there BUT everything else about it is fantastic!  Delicious, moist, and crispy fried chicken.  Very fair prices and some of the best sweet potatoes and coleslaw I've ever had, NO JOKE!  Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to some amazing down home comfort food.  You won't be disappointed!
A co-worker and I went to lunch here.  This is the best soul food I've had in Phoenix.  We both got fried chicken dinners, and they were fantastic.  The breading was crispy and well seasoned and the chicken was delicious and juicy.  The sides and cornbread are top notch as well. 

All the meats are cooked to order so there is about a 10-15 minute wait.  You can call ahead your order though so it'll be ready when you arrive.
This place is spectacular.  It's as family owned and operated as you get.  They take pride in their food and they love compliments.  To me, this is comfort food.  The sweet potatoes and collard greens are worth a try.  The cakes are addicting... the chicken... well, don't get me started on the chicken, just look at the stars I rated them.
The food was mediocre at best. I can cook soul food, who am I kidding, ANY FOOD very well, but I didn't feel like cooking tonight and yelp had a 10 for 20 deal and they had 4 stars. I go in, it's a small restaurant, decor isn't anything...

My niece warned me prior to ordering not to order the fish, it's battered like a fish stick so I stayed away from that. I ordered for me my son and my niece, with my second order I didn't want all dark meat so I order a breast instead of the thigh. When we got our orders, he mixed up which meal I wanted the change made to. That's ok, it happens- he then proceeded with, "that's not what you said you wanted". That to me was rude, I had my niece and son there to verify, then he told me after waiting 25 mins that it would be another 15 mins to fix it. My son is seven, that's not going to work. So I looked at the food, he placed greens in one plate with chicken and cabbage in another plate with the chicken. I'm not sure if he was trying to save money on plates and dishes but then our chicken was soggy by the time we got home...womp womp womp. And the sweet tea, it has to be a powdery drink mix... 

Overall, the food was edible but nothing spectacular and the customer service was subpar. I will not drive that way for soul food again.
Amazing fried chicken!  Always made to order,  definitely our family favorite.  
The owners are very down to earth,  sweet little couple.  I give them an A+ for delicious,  juicy,  and  always fresh FRIED CHICKEN!  Great food and great customer service is the key to success.  They absolutely did both in my opinion.  Keep up the great work and we will see you soon!
First time ever stopping by here after googling best fried chicken. 

Like always, i yelp all the places i go to before i walk in. 
Most of the reviews were good so i was pretty excited. 
I also saw the $10 for $20 deal so i thought, perfect! 

When i walked in, this place looked like a small family place. Which is nice since most of small food joints like his has the best food! 

I showed the guy at the counter the coupon from yelp...he asked me why i bought it? And told me why i gave money to yelp instead of giving it to him...haha. Why offer coupons if you dont want people to use it? 
This made me feel uncomfortable...

I ordered the chicken with the baked macaroni and cole slaw. 
I must say the chicken and the corn bread was really good, but the sides were pretty bland. If i do come back here again, ill probably skip the sides.
I came here with expectation of the best fried chicken ever. sadly i always have high expectations. I got 2 piece fried chicken dinner with mac n cheese and coleslaw.
The coleslaw was warm, but only because of exposure to the other hot items. they should put old items in separate containers. the mac and cheese unfortunately was not up to par, the cheese was cooled down to the point it was stuck together and not coating the actual macaroni, so it was boiled macaroni with some cheese in it. 

the chicken was delish tho. very good breading and very crunchy. i would come back and try some of their other items for sure.
I don't use 5 stars unless it is just over the top in every way. That being said, the food here is very very good. We have been here 4 times now with the family and have tried most everything on the menu between us. All the meats are great. large portions and flavorful. All the sides I have tried, of things I like, were very good. The green beans have a different flavor that will make you never want normal green beans again. I never really liked potato salad but they converted me with theirs. Sweet potato side, is a desert in itself. I am a fan of cornbread and this stuff is great. all they need is really good cream butter and the cornbread could be all you would want to eat.
Nice family restaurant, where they truly want to make sure you are happy.
This is the first review that I have ever bothered to write, despite being a woman of many strong opinions, and I only got off my ass and did it because I just adore this place. 

Where to start? At first glance Betty Boo's doesn't appear to be much more than just some hole-in-the-wall but beyond its' modest exterior and decor is a wealth of delightful true southern home cooking. I had the BBQ chicken, the collard greens and the mac and cheese while my husband had the tilapia with the same sides. First, the servings were enormous. After stuffing our faces we still had THREE full containers to take home. My chicken was fall off the bone perfection with a tangy sauce but my husband's tilapia put my chicken to shame. Pan fried, lemony goodness. The collards had a great texture with none of the bitterness you can sometimes find in greens and the mac and cheese had that true homemade quality without a creamy sauce but just good sharp cheddar. Gluttons that we are we also had to take home some of the banana pudding and that too did not disappoint. 

Beyond the quality of the food I must say how much I also liked the charming owners. This is a brother and sister team that between them have over 40 years of cooking experience. The sister is family taught by her grandmother from South Carolina and the brother is a CIA graduate and has worked in some of the finest restaurants in the world. I know all of this because of how friendly and welcoming they both were. These are people with a sincere and kind heart who genuinely love to feed people.

I will most certainly be back and I plan to bring everyone I know with me.
I wanted to like this place bad, but it turns out this place was just plain bad. Upon entering I noticed that all of the 7 tables were filled which I thought was fine because I don't live too far away so take out is no big deal. It took me 15 minutes just to place my order and after I ordered I realized that nearly everyone else who was in the restaurant was waiting on food too. All in all I ended up waiting nearly an hour for my plate. About time I did get my plate they were out of greens and yams so I opted for macaroni and cheese, beans and rice and cabbage as my sides. The mac was a little bland for my taste and the cabbage was just okay, my fried chicken was a little bland too. My sister had the catfish which was really good in size and cut but again it lacked flavor. The owner was genuinely nice an apologetic and the only reason I waited that long was to support her new business. They just opened in August 2012 so I'll go back in a couple of weeks and hopefully they have all the kinks worked out.
Good soul food is hard to find in the desert and when you find one, you have to savor it. Betty Boo's popped up around August and I found out about it last month (October) when a friend kept raving about it.  So one hungry night, I ordered the BBQ chicken with a side of collard greens, sweet potatoes and cornbread.  And I ate my plate clean because it's been a while.  The next time, I ordered the catfish for myself and, for hubby, the fried chicken accompanied with mac-n-cheese.

Though one of the owners is from New York, I find the food to be quite decent being that I am also an East Coast transplant.  But I have to say, soul food is so much better on the East. I think maybe it's because out here some of the spices are not readily available in the supermarkets. No matter what,  I find that the extra "mmmm...good" taste is always lacking out here.  Nonetheless, I'll take anything that comes close. 

I like the fact that Betty Boo's serve large portions.  I was able to have enough for dinner that night and leftover for lunch at work the next day.  I hope the portions will not decrease as business increase like some of the soul food posers that came and went in the valley.  

Overall, the place is a work in progress.  There's not much of an ambiance.  But the owners are friendly, the price is reasonable, and the food is well worth the trip even if your taste buds know better.
It CLOSED a few months back!  Dang it, it's hard for these restaurants to make it out here in these parts.  Each time one comes, another bites the dust.
Soulless, 

This is my second review of this place in as many weeks because I wanted to go back and see how consistent the food and the service were from my first trip.

God, have things changed.

My first review was glowing; I gave it four stars. Now, Soul Food Cafe barely earns one; here's why:

At my last visit, the meatloaf was among the best I've had anywhere in the country. You could savor the quality of the beef on your tongue as the meat mixed with the fat as it mixed with the spices as those mixed with the rich, dark gravy. It was that good. The gravy was the gold-plating on the dish. Most everything else that I or my girlfriend had was either very good or great (read first review below).

This time, however, the meatloaf was dry, hard almost like a roofing tile (I swear, I almost refused to pay for it) and came with no gravy (although I specifically asked for it). The black eyed peas tasted like a salt lick, and the rice and gravy was a warm, tasteless paste like the kind they'd serve us in elementary school. Gross.

The tea tasted like it came from a powder, the potato salad tasted old and I swear the chocolate cake this time could have come from a grocery store.

I'm not trying to slam these people. My first visit was incredible. In fact, I was psyched that Vegas finally had a great soul food restaurant. But in a matter of days this place has gone downhill. It tastes like what you'd get at some cafeteria that caters to folks in their 80s, where everything is stale, old and bland.

I'll give this place one more shot, but it'll be months before I do. These people had such a great start. They need to get it together before they lose more customers.

Read original review below:

Simmering in Soul

I wanted to marry the meatloaf. Right there on the spot, in front of the chef and everybody. I had only been there 10 minutes.
Truth is, I didn't know what to expect from Soul Food Cafe, the newest such joint in the valley. My girlfriend and I have almost always been disappointed by the lesser-quality soul food spots in town, so we didn't have high hopes.
But two bites into the meatloaf (in the picture I took here), and I felt like I was back home in the South, where we're steeped in gravy and simmered in iced tea.
This place is the first soul food restaurant here where the high-quality ingredients match the ability of the chefs to churn out the kind of soul food that tastes like it's right out of your mama's kitchen.
I think I'm on record about how great the meatloaf was - perfectly seasoned with a slight crust swaddling the thick, warm slices of soul on a plate. The mustard potato salad is the best I've had anywhere in Vegas at any restaurant, but the mac and cheese was a little dry. The book-size slab of chocolate cake, however, more than made up for it.
My girlfriend had a perfectly fried piece of catfish with a side of sweet potatoes she loved and a dish of greens that while cooked with either smoked turkey or ham (it was hard to tell) tasted, she said, "flat and needed soul." That's a serious deficiency for a soul food restaurant, but the rest of the food is good enough to make up for the lapse. I should add that she ate her banana pudding so fast I barely got a look at it, much less a taste. 
Lunches come with two sides; dinners come with three. All meals are also served with crispy, buttery cornbread cakes that are as good as any I've ever had anywhere in the country. That's not an overstatement.
If, like us, you have a deep-seated love for soul food and have been disappointed by what's available in Vegas, you'll probably love Soul Food Cafe. They've only been open about a week, and they're obviously working out some kinks, but this is seriously good food at fair prices cooked by a staff who know what they're doing and have the skill to satisfy your hankerings. Oh, the wait staff is also very good: attentive, friendly, efficient. Give Soul Food Cafe a shot. 
I know we'll be back soon.
I went here the first week they opened and it was great! I had the fried chicken meal with Mac and Cheese and Fried Okra as my sides and one of the delicious Kool-Aid drinks on the side. The fried chicken is really good. The outer crust is flaky and light the meat is fresh and hot. The mac is cheese is pretty good as well. not the best I've ever tasted, but definitely not the worst. The fried Okra was excellent! 

The only negative things I can mention are the the wait times and the portions. I know soul food can take a while but when you've only got a one hour lunch break you can just hear the time ticking away as you wait 30 minutes for your food. In addition, the servings were bigger when they first opened, it seems they've cut back for whatever reason on the sizes...maybe to save money? Who knows. But when one of my coworkers receives half a piece of catfish in her combo....well nothing good can come from that.

All in all it's great to have a soul food restaurant on this side of town with a friendly staff.
i will def. be going back!  went here for breakfast and cant wait to try the rest of the menu.  great size portions for a great price.  my breakfast (corn beef hash, eggs, toast, potatoes was YUMMY!) my husband said the waffles were awesome!  my one year old daughter ate all her grits.  friendly service and a very clean restaurant.  cant wait to go back...
By no means am I a soul food expert but if the dish is fried, covered in gravy or sauce or all the above then COUNT ME IN.

It was pretty busy when we walked in on a Tuesday night.  They had the soul classics blaring through the speakers while the Lakers were on TV with their new lineup was tanking it against the Mavericks.  So far, so good!

Their menu offered all the soul offerings you would expect like fried chicken, ribs, fried catfish and all the usual suspects for sides.  My wife opted for the smothered chicken ($14) which was fried chicken drenched in gravy.  That was excellent.  The gravy was really good but we would consider ordering fried chicken with a side of gravy so we could enjoy the crisp of the chicken which was nonexistent post smothering.  

I opted for the turkey wings ($14) which consisted of 2 big assed baked turkey wings smothered in gravy.  Even though the gravy was the same for both, they tasted quite different based on the preparation of the meat.  

You get 3 sides per entree unless you get chicken and waffles.  3 sides is more than enough and all the ones we tried were on point.  That included collard greens in some amazing sauce, delectably sweet sweet potatoes, red rice and beans with great sausage flavor and the mac+cheese.  The cornbread they gave was in pancake form and went terrific with syrup.

No free refills on drinks and they charge $1.50 for water so you might as well get sweet tea, Kool Aid or lemonade for $2.

Breakfast menu also looked damn good.  I'd like to try that out sometime too.
Roomie and I were quite excited about the fact that a soul food restaurant opened up within walking distance of the house. We were even more excited about the fact that it delivers. He ordered the chicken and waffles ($9) and I ordered the fried chicken with sides of macaroni and cheese, hush puppies, and corn ($14). The ordered was delivered in 45 minutes. The chicken and waffles were good enough to satisfy the craving. The waffles seemed too similar to an Eggo waffle for me to give much praise too. My order of fried chicken as well as the fried chicken topping the waffle lacked any flavor and was overcooked. The skin and batter was a dark brown color and was slightly bitter. The macaroni and hush puppies were mediocre and the corn was straight out of a can. All in all, not terrible, but for the price, I probably will not eat there again.
I've had the chicken and waffles and the cat fish. Both are delicious. Start off with cornbread pancakes! Awesome
A little soul goes a long way, and at Soul Food Cafe they have plenty to go around.  This quaint eatery has a great menu and great service.  They cook to order, so everything is piping hot when it gets to the table.  Best of all, they have Kool Aid!  Woohoo!
Finally some southern food on this side of town! M&M was my go-to place for soul food but its actually too far from me. This place is a good substitution. Like the other people have said, the meat loaf is the thing to order here. One bite of this and you'll be transported to fluffy meat loaf smothered gravy heaven! (does it exist? YES!) Thing to stay away from were the ribs. I think there were only 3-4 ribs and they were covered in so much sauce it made it difficult to eat. The smothered chicken was quite good also with large pieces of chicken and lots of savory gravy. So why did I give this place 3 stars? Mainly because the portion size did not match the price. This is geared towards the ribs and the meat loaf. Even though they do come with sides, the main reason why I ordered the entree was to get the entree.... and not the sides.... so I expect a larger portion. Other than that, this is a good place for some good southern food.
Went to visit Soul Food Cafe recently after Thanksgiving, , The Cook really put that Down Home southern Soul Cooking into my meal and my family we each order something different and each meal was Delicious. From the Chicken&Waffles, to the Ribs,Catfish, and lets not forget the Gumbo!! Yum Yummy if your thirsty Please try the Most popular drink Sugar Daddy  punch this Drink it was sooo good! . To Soul Food Cafe I enjoyed the Food, The Atmosphere inside; To The Chef Mr. K 
To all those who are apart of Soul Food --You guys Rank number 1# in my book
And the Waitress Ms. Chris your service was awesome.... So to all that haven't tried Soul Food Search No More when you visit Las Vegas make that your stop for Breakfast, Lunch and or Dinner
I'm hooked! I visited this spot 3 times last week. I love me some grits n hot links for breakfast. I also ordered biscuits n gravy...omg!!! It was the best I've ever had. For dinner I had smothered porkchops that came with 3 sides. There was so much food that I ate only half and saved the other half for lunch the next day. So so good. The best part about this place (besides the food), is the location. Right by my house. So glad that that there's a soul food restaurant in the SW part of town. Oh, and the staff are the friendliest!
HOLY SHIT, MOTHER OF GOD, THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!  

First off, I am planning to file a lawsuit against this place -- because they have MADE ME ADDICTED TO SOUL FOOD!!!!!   Second, if you can't hear me, that is because you might be deafened by the sound of how FRIGGING INCREDIBLE THIS PLACE IS.  

Ok, maybe a little over the top, but it is well-deserved.  

Everyone from my office strolled down here one day, figuring we might as well try a new local business.  The service was on the spot.  Your butt hits the chair and the cornbread gets slapped down in front of you.  You look at it... its a pancake.  You think, "ok, sure, I'll eat this while I wait."  Then, this corn goodness just explodes in your mouth.  Seriously, I could eat just the cornbread.  

The first time I ate there, I had the Oxtail.  Then, that's what I had the next three times too, because it was sooooo good.  But, I figured that I should at least explore the menu a bit.  The chicken and waffles just might have to be on my short list if I am ever offered a "last meal."  The breading here is like nothing I have ever tasted before.  The liver and onions?  FORGET EVERYTHING YOU THINK YOU KNOW ABOUT LIVER AND ONIONS!  They are a spiritual experience.  Turkey leg!  Howl at the freakin moon and call me sally!  Whatever that means.... 

I have yet to eat anything here that didn't make me crave it the next day.  I HATE this place, as it has caused me to put 5 lbs on in the past month eating here.  I CANT STOP!  

Yeah, its THAT good.  

And, the food isn't the only great thing.  The people who work here are so nice, great service.  

I guess if I had to say anything is not 100%, maybe the atmosphere?  But, that's only if you are looking for "atmosphere."  It is utilitarian.  Nothing fancy.  Frankly, I am glad for that.  It does not NEED any accoutrements, or padded booths, or anything else.   This is the kind of place that keeps you coming again and again with great food and great service.  I love, love, love this place.  Best thing to happen to the neighborhood!
Grabbed some lunch here while waiting for my car to be worked on at the Firestone near by. I had the fried catfish, fried okra, and rice on gravy. It was quite tasty. Fish was cooked nice and crisp. It was great with a little tartar sauce and their home made hotsauce. Loved the fried Okra.... tore that up. The rice and gravy was simple, but very good as well. I wasn't used to having corn bread in a mini pancake form, but it also tasted good. Nothing too special with the corn bread. I've had better corn bread with actual corn in it. Overall, I really liked the place. Friendly waitress, sports on the tv and not loud at all. I will have to try the rest of the menu when I am back in Vegas again.
Short version:
Came here with my wife and son on a Saturday night, and the place was busy and understaffed. The food was excellent, though, and made up for the hit-or-miss service by the overworked-but-friendly waitress. Perfect if you're hankering for a deep fried, barbecued, or slathered-in-gravy food fix.

Longer version:
This unassuming place is nestled around the corner of the Albertsons shopping center at the SE corner of Rainbow and Warm Springs. Football played on both TV screens, and the small seating area was pretty crowded. The staff was friendly and inviting.

We received:
Cornbread
- Their cornbread is cooked like pancakes and served as complimentary appetizers as well as with most entrees. Crispy, chewy, and buttery. Very nice.

BBQ Ribs with Yams, Fried Okra, and Mac & Cheese
- The ribs were fall-off-the-bone tender, and they were slathered in a thick, sweet sauce. Messy as all hell, until I realized they were so tender I could flake the meat off with a fork and eat it that way.
- AMAZING yams, cooked with plenty of brown sugar, cinnamon, and butter. Most dinner entrees include 3 sides, and if I had known the yams were this good I would've ordered the yams as all 3. VERY sweet, so if that's not your thing, they may not be as good for you.
- The fried okra was decent, although there were some messy burned up chunks of fries in with the okra.
- The mac & cheese is thick and cheesy, although best eaten while it's still hot and the cheese hasn't started to solidify too much.

Fried Catfish with Rice & Gravy, Mac & Cheese, and Hush Puppies
- Coated in cornmeal breading, this entree includes 2 giant slabs of catfish. My wife ordered this, and claims it's some of the best fried catfish she's ever had in Vegas. I'm not a huge catfish person, so it seems quite good, but it's not really my thing.
- The rice & gravy was good, although we asked for more gravy because it didn't seem like there was enough on it.
- Because they were understaffed/overworked, they just kind of forgot about the hush puppies. They brought them later, but it was late enough that we just had them bring them to go.

Kids Meal of Chicken Fingers and Fries
- I'm not sure why they list them as chicken fingers, because what came out were chicken wings (which isn't listed on the kids menu). Good fried chicken wings, sure, but not what we were expecting.

Peach Cobbler
- We ordered the small serving, and yet it was more than enough for the table, consisting of a large bowl loaded with cobbler. Almost syrupy sweet, which can be both a good and bad thing. It was very tasty, although it might send you into a sugary food coma.

Sugar Momma drink
- Their version of an Arnold Palmer, using southern sweet tea instead of regular tea with the lemonade. DELICIOUS. Definitely ordering this again.

Overall, the food was great and we had a positive experience. Hopefully the staffing thing was an aberration, because the food is good enough to warrant a visit.
I visited the Soul Food Cafe with my cousin last week. We loved the open kitchen and the friendly staff - we came in around 8:30 and didn't realize they closed at 9, but they still took our four orders (two to go, two dine-in) and let us stay and chat well past closing. 

The cornbread is quite unique and the butter made it slightly on the salty side. I ordered the lemonade and was completely unprepared for the sweetness I was to experience from the first sip. Crystal brought me half a glass of water to dilute it and that worked perfectly. 

The catfish was heavily deep fried, as to be expected, and it was so yummy. I could've eaten everything as its own entree, and that includes the potato salad, Mac and cheese and yams. I'm so glad we chose against SmashBurger that night. I'll definitely be coming back.
Its actually a surprise spot! my bf ordered fried chicken combo (figured is the signature item) .. i didnt want deep fried stuff so i had grilled oxtail combo w corn. The taste is actually pretty good, fried chix is not greasy at all yet has good flavor, oxtail cooked perfectly and come in good portion. There was a pancake like kinda cornbread came w it,  not really sure what that was but it was YUMMY!! will defly will go back again, finally at this restaurant location has something good LOL
3.75 stars.

Good soul food restaurant on the SE corner of Rainbow & Warm Springs. Crowded and loud. I had the Hot Links Dinner and was impressed, best links I've had outside of Louisiana and not extremely hot but pleasantly hot. Had the yams (wow they are sweet but good), the mac & cheese (ok) and the corn (ok) + cornbread (little cornbread pancakes with butter, pretty darn good). Washed it down with the sweet tea (which wasn't overpoweringly sweet but decent). Roommate had the liver & onions this time (overcooked & dry) but she had had the fried chicken & fried catfish before and really enjoyed it. Service was efficient and very friendly.  Dining room was fairly loud, two football playoff games were on and the staff & customers were hooting & hollering but not so bad to be annoying. Good restaurant for that change of pace something different to eat.
Hit Soul Food Cafe a few months back.  This location previously housed a new pizza place every 6 months or so.  Pleased to see another cuisine is taking a chance at this location.

walk in to order some food to go.  Place is blasting music which might annoy some but was fine with me.  Disappointed to read it will take at least 20 minutes if any fried food is ordered - i was kinda in da mood for fried Chicken ... next time.  I purposely look for menu items that i figure are easily prepared since i have limited time.

I opt for the meatloaf and the smoked sausage lunch plates.  Sadly, it still took over 20 minutes to get my food.  I loved the sausage, the meatloaf ...ehhh.  For the life of me, i can't figure out why it took so long for the food.  there was ony one other customer and the meatloaf is pre-cooked.  The staff were very nice and i sense this place has potential but the food i opted for was average.

I will definitely try again ( call in the fried chicken order ) and i'm hoping this place lasts longer than the prior occupants.
Horrid.. Wait time for food was upward of an hour.. When it came out, bland,burnt and just didn't taste good. Also forgot half the order. Better southern food in town.. miss this.
Food was bland and overpriced. Slow service too. What do you mean there is no sweet potatoe pie? Come on guys, if you're in the restaurant business you should never be out of something.
Finally! a soul food restaurant in my neck of the woods.

I was impressed with the cornbread, catfish, and yams, not so much the chicken though. 

It's nice to get some good comfort food when you're surrounded by fast food all over the place... thank you for coming!
I was completely blown away from the first bite of cornbread from there I was hooked I had the catfish deep fried ocra and the greens it was awesome great flavor fresh hot and obviously home made with care and great service top it off with home made lemon cake that was the best I ever ate I will go back for sure everyone should try this awesome place
Hate to say this, but my food was awful.  Cornbread and gravy was very good
but the smothered chicken was awful,  it was tough and dry.  The blackeyed
peas tasted like they were straight out of a can, no seasoning, had to keep
adding salt and pepper to everything.  Plus they had no greens!!  
Soul food place with no greens??   Had cabbage instead; it was horrible,
swimming in water, no seasoning.  Potato salad was awful.
I will give them a second chance. Hopefully it will better.
I tried this place out some time ago, and was pretty satisfied with what i ordered. It was breakfast time and the restaurant was within biking distance away from my girlfriends house. So I get on her bike and head out there for a soul food style breakfast. 

I ordered the corned beef hash with potatoes and a side of waffles. I totally enjoyed the breakfast. Corned beef hash must have been cooked with butter or something because it was pretty rich compared to other hashes i've had. their waffles tasted pretty good as well. 

Although I finished my whole breakfast, it wasn't a meal that totally stuck in my head. I'm sure they've changed a couple things since then, but i'm in no rush to re-try this place.
If you are craving for soul food, this is your place.  Good stuff, big portions and service with a smile.  The fried stuff are not greasy, the fried chicken meat is moist and the ribs are to die for.  Meaty goodness peeled clean off the bone.  The dinner prices are more expensive than lunch, and it comes with 2 large serving sides so it can be shared by 2 people.
The best soul food in Las Vegas.  Been here a couple of times. Friendly staff. Fabulous hot water corn bread and beans and rice. Red Snapper is tasty both grilled 
and fried. Three sides with your entree is more than generous. We will definitely be going back again!
I LOVE to cook! I was raised by a Black Southern grandma, so I can cook soul food.  But, sometimes, it is nice to get a break and let someone else do the work.  I'd recently read a nice review done by Heidi Knapp-Rinella for the RJ and was excited.  I took my family here tonight and it was just an okay experience.  The hotwater cornbread was the best i've had in a long time.  The hushpuppies, greens, waffles, and fries were great, too.  The chicken was nice and crispy, but like in so many places, the meat wasn't seasoned.  (I usually marinate my chicken overnight in a buttermilk brine prior to frying).  Our server, Patrice, was awesome, very friendly and attentive.  What ruined the experience for me?  I was checking out and when I'd informed the person that I didn't want to use my PIN but wanted to process the order as a credit, I was informed that I would have to pay a 3.5% surcharge.  EXCUSE ME?!! pay for using my own card?  And she had the audacity to reply, "well, it's not that much, only a few dollars."  SERIOUSLY? then why are you trying to pass on this cost to your customers?  For this reason alone, I will NEVER come back here.  What a crappy attitude!
Enjoyed it greatly!
We had the smothered pork chops.  The corn bread was so good... left me wanting more!!
Looking forward to a return trip! :)
It was really bad, but they could improve.
I ordered the smothered chicken with rice and gravy, yams and greens. Had the cornbread cake which was really good. I enjoyed everything about my meal. My husband ordered the fried snapper and was a satisfied customer as well. I recommend this place, but only if you really want some down home cooking!
Been here 3 times now and have enjoyed the food each time.  The service could be just a touch more friendly.

The food is consistant however their sweet tea has been different each time.  My frist visit, the tea tasted fermented, kind of like malt liquor.  The 2nd time it was spot on which confirmed to me that they had not properly cleaned their dispenser or brewed fresh tea on the previous visit.  Today, the tea was WAY sweeter than usual.

Something else that disturbs me is that on my last 2 visits, I used the restroom to wash my hands and the sink was bone dry both times.  This was around 1pm.  How is this possible unless nobody is washing their hands?  :(  Perhaps they have an employee only restroom?  Hell if I know but it concerns me so I doubt I will be going back.  What a shame.
their chicken and waffles are legit.
This is really high priced soul food. Had meatloaf that was just okay, candied yams were sweet as others have mentioned but I have a vicious sweet tooth so they were good to me, the fried chicken was over fried and I had the worst tasting red beans and rice ever (just disgusting). For really good soul food I go to M & M's personally and the prices are better.
So it's field Friday and my partner and I decided to roll through here.  Apparently, she has a plug here and got loads of catered delivery ranging from chicken, ribs and other mouth watering comfort favorites.  

Of course, I took full advantage of the free Yelp check-in offer, free small side!  I been on that back in the dizzle crave so had to go with the liver and onions, naturally.  Sides included cornbread, fried okra, yams and potato salad.  My partner got the chicken and waffles and house cornbread order.  When asked about drinks, our waitress Latrice, went over the drinks and mentioned a sugar momma and sugar daddy. We was rolling, I asked how old was the former, and likewise my partner regarding the latter...too hilarious!  We stuck with water and lemon after a good chuckle.

The restaurant can be food nestled in the north east corner of the shopping center, next door to the barber shop, no generalizing please.  It can be in the cut, in fact, I think that is what the barber shop is named next door...lol.  

The place is simply decorated and well kept with a large view of the kitchen area.  The walls are adorned with some boxing and sporting memorabilia and sure it will build through time.  The staff is warm and friendly and attentive.  

The servings are above average and very filling in addition to the various sides that can be ordered.  This place has good comfort food, but there wasn't anything that stood out.  Then again, I have not tried everything yet, so think its fair to rate this place a "3" for the time being and will be updated accordingly as I frequent.

The best thing about the place is the location since there is not much soul food in the lower southwest area.  This provides that needed flavor to satisfy any craving if you are in the mood for good southern food.
Yummy food and a friendly staff. I had the BBQ chicken with white meat and it was a huge dish. The BBQ sauce is very unique. I would definitely go back. There are other dishes I am curious about and I would love to try the peach cobbler.
Just had the catfish, greens and corn bread. Reminded me of what I would eat as a kid in Harlem. That's some good food. I'll be back.
Fall off the bone good.
Gave them three chances. First, was at workplace, our potluck we ordered catered service, and flavor and quality was terrible. Second, ate a lunch meal, fried chicken with greens, mac, and bread. Food actually tasted okay, but if I'm paying nearly 20 bucks, i better be full... i was still hungry. The barbers next door won't even fully endorse them, while getting haircut, the conversation was not favorable for Soul Food Cafe. Third (attempted) chance, I was ordering catfish A la carte, uh... Turns out there isn't an a la carte option for anything. I asked for cater menu, because that usually has bulk or a la carte style orders, but cater menu was basically in store menu xeroxed on paper. Awful service, no a la carte on menu, very disorganized.
I have been to this place many times and its a hit and miss I always order the chitterlings and sometimes they are amazing and then I get them sometimes and they taste watery like they didn't put one lick of seasoning in the pot. This last time I ordered out and not only did I get watery chitterlings I got hard yams.
The worst food ever. the collard greens were bitter.  I ordered BBQ ribs.  I got something that looked more like rib lets sloped in nasty BBQ sauce.. I also got potato salad, it looked more like mash potatoes and tasted awful.. Not to mention they did not put it in a separate container.  I got it hot and my collard green juice was sloped in there to.. oh and then my fried okra was so salty..  but  last but not least the pancake cornbread was really good.
Love, love this place! IAM hooked on the chicken and waffles, their corn bread, and the friendly staff. It is so refreshing to finally find a comfort food restaurant that provides value in a great atmosphere. 

On another note, IAM a bit of a bathroom snob (LOL, it's a reflection of the facilities value) and this restaurant gets a thumbs up from me ;-D
This is the place I've been looking for!  This place hits the mark. The food is EXACTLY like my grandmother's cooking and I feel like I'm at home eating here. Something about great comfort food that entices my serotonin levels naturally.  I can't wait to go back and try the fried fish!

PROS: Macaroni & Cheese
             Oxtails
             Chitterlings (weekends only)
             Candied yams - very sweet
             Potato Salad -  excellent
             Gravy 
             Cornbread cornbread cornbread!!!!!

CONS:  So filling I couldn't try dessert
              The portion of the chitterlings was small for $11.50* 
               

*in all fairness, that has been the case everywhere I've ordered chitterlings. 

I'll be back.
Their yams!! I ordered the snapper with greens and cabbage and it was sooo good. Love love love everything about this place. Food was A+++!
The food is FANTASTIC! The corn bread is my favorite. The perfect amount of sweet and salty. The service is good, but not great. Food comes quickly and it's all fresh. I highly recommend this place.
Great food,  smothered chicken is the best. I haven't been to a place in a while where everything on the menu is good.  I don't eat soul food often.  But, this place really changes my choices.  It is now on the radar.
OMG!!! the BBQ RIBS are Amazing!!! the corn beard is the best I ever had the only thing I wish they had a one rib add on to the lunch special. a PLUS you can watch the Niners games there :)
I just called to place an order for delivery and the girl who picked up the phone answered Yes. Thought I dialed the wrong number and I say hello. She says hello w/an attitude like I'm bothering her! I say can I place an order for delivery? She says impolite, you're going to have to hold *crickets* Wth? she comes back w/you know what you want? you know what hold on? and puts me on hold again!!! Hung up and told my husband we will not be calling or coming back! Please have people that can answer the telephone and take orders professionally please #VeryDisappointed
Thank you Shila (the owner) for reaching out to me and trying to make things right after my previous review. When I called to place my order, the gal who answered sounded energetic and I was glad as I placed my order for delivery. 

My husband came home from an out of town job and we also have family from out of town so I ordered 3 dinners for delivery. I ordered the smoothered chicken, seafood platter and ox tail dinners. The truck that the food was delivered in was a nice advertisement of the restaurant. The food was awesome! We are Samoan and we have big appetites so the portions were very fullfilling.

Thanks again to Shila and everyone at Soul Food Cafe for redeeming our faith in you. We will definately be back!!!
I went here with a group of my friends after we had a basketball game and we had a good time chilling here and eating. 

The restaurant is small, but not small to the point where they couldn't seat a party of 8. What I liked about the restaurant is that they have two TVs going on, one had the Sunday night football game (in which my Indianapolis Colts were playing, go Colts!) and one where they had 8 Mile playing. 

We sat down, got our waters, and ordered. I heard a lot about their cornbread previously and so I definitely wanted to try that. Little did I know that everybody that dines in (for dinner at least) gets cornbread! I was happy and when it was served... Man that was good cornbread! That was rated GAF right there. The orders will come out a little slow, especially if they have to fry your food, so expect a little day for that reason, but it comes our fresh and hot, so you can't really argue with that. I personally ordered the chicken and waffles and the waffle was my favorite part. The waffle has a cinnamon taste to it and it was crispy. The chicken was pretty good, but I personally have a hard time eating the wings, in which I opted for the three wings instead of the breast. 

I was a little confused as far as the service went because we never got refills and I didn't know if we should just go and get it ourselves since there was a fountain that we could all access, and so we just got the refills ourselves. My friend's brother got the kids chicken basket and that wasn't that great. It wasn't like the crispy breaded chicken fingers you would expect, it was this long strip of chicken and the outside was a little tough and the inside was kind of dry. For a young kid, or very many people in fact, they may not like that, so possibly opt for something else for kids. The dinner menu is also a bit pricier than the breakfast and lunch menu, but all dinner entrees, besides the chicken and waffles, comes with three sides.

Overall, I had a nice time. I definitely would come back here, maybe not for dinner, but possibly breakfast or lunch, for I found those menus to be more worth its value.
Co-worker recommended it, so i stopped by and order chicken n waffle..I'm really disappointed and I'm not coming back here. first to pricey 1pc chicken n 1 lousy waffle for $10.50 to much.. It's OVERPRICED!!!! Then i have to wait for 30 min. For a chicken/waffe..UNBELIEVABLE!!!! Just go to IHOP better pancake n not to pricey!!!
The best Soul food hands down! I got the fried chicken wi th rice n gravy cabbage and mac n cheese..... that kill bill
We ate here for dinner tonight and it was AWESOME!! The 5 of us had the catfish, BBQ ribs, chicken&waffles, fried chicken, and kid's chicken strips. All of the food was delicious and in good sized portions. The cornbread is amazing!! The service here was excellent; the servers were super attentive and very friendly. We had a great dinner and we will definitely be back!
One of the better Las Vegas food delivery experiences I've had (and I lived here for 12 years previously).  We had:

-- bbq chicken; 5 stars
-- bbq ribs; 5 stars
-- grilled pork chop; 4 stars

sides: corn bread pancake (ok), mac & cheese (ok), string beans (poor), fries (very good), black beans & rice (very good), fried okra (good) and cabbage (ok).

$61 easily fed our group of 4 with leftovers to spare.  This was a winner.
The staff is friendly and attentive.  The place is spotless.  The corn pancakes that are served when you are seated are very good.  Most of the food is overcooked and dry.  The waffle with the chicken and waffles was horrible-thin, overcooked, funny taste.  The prices are exhorbitant, especially for a strip mall and the size of the portions.  Went once, won't return.
For a soul food place that prides itself on their fried chicken, i was severely dissapointed!  Who serves the breast piece deboned.  The bone provides the juicy juicy and all the flavor.  Instead i got an overcooked dry and inedible breast.  I was starving so i forced myself to eat it by washing it down with lots of hot sauce.

I ordered the chicken dinner with 2 sides, collards and cabbage which were both good.  The cornbread pancake amuse was a nice starter as i waited 15 minutes for the chicken.  I certainly dont mind the wait but dont serve me a well done piece of chicken when i can pay a fraction and get better fried chicken at popeye's or churches.  i wont be back - yes it s possible they missed but you cant miss on fried chicken when that's one of your staples....it should be easy...like a layup for them...come on man!
I have been to this restaurant several times, and have always had awesome service and delicious food! The food prices are very reasonable,  and the tasty food keeps us going back.  We recently went for breakfast. ..wow!  Large portions of pancakes and biscuits n gravy!! I absolutely love the corn bread pancakes that come with each meal.  You need to try this delicious food!!!
The food here is a real hit it miss, I'm not much of a fan of soul food seeing how it's usually a big hype of generic tasting foods. I went in not with high hopes and to my amazement I was right the food was horrid. 

I decided to try the smothered steak with 2 sides(Mac+cheese bland)... This was one of the worst decisions of my life. The steak was in pieces and swimming in gravy making it look like I ordered soup with a side of beef jerky. The texture of the meat seemed nothing near fresh, it tasted as of it were made a week in advanced and consistently frozen and defrosted everyday for preparation on the days menu. I would never slam anyone's cooking like this but it seriously had the consistency of a schools lunch food prepared by microwave. Not palatable to any extent. The only thing that did bring me some enjoyment was the delectable corn bread pancake. I don't think I could bare to give this place another shot.
Finally tried this place, the food was good, I really enjoyed the cornbread. The price is a little high in my opinion for soul food. When I look at the whole experience food, atmosphere, quality I can't justify the price.   The service was good, very friendly. If they brought each dinner item down by 4-5 dollars I think they would do double business.
This place is way over priced. It would be one thing if it was actually worth the cost, but it just isn't. The food here is very subpar and bland. I've given this place several chances since it's right down the street from me, but this place is just not the business. Honestly, I'd rather eat Popeye's Chicken that's right down the street, and that's a shame! Some of the cashier girls are very cute and I think that's the only reason I went back lol. Well, pretty faces can't mask ugly food forever! Get it together over there Soul Food Cafe!
We decided we wanted some Soul food.  Checked out my fellow yelpers, because we didn't want to go to the places we've been before.  So we came across this place.  We were greeted as soon as we walked in, we were asked if it was for here or to go!   We picked up some menus and had a seat, the very nice young lady said she would be right with us.  We well just missed the lunch menu, that's about 1/2 the price of the dinner menu, but Ohhh well!  So I ordered the catfish special that's for us yepers It was a lot of fish!  Then I order the mac n chees.  It also came with some really good cornbread pancake.  My husband wanted Oxtails, but it was going to be a wait!  Think his 2nd choice was the short ribs.....well they were out of that also for the moment!  
So he went with the meatloaf, greens, yams and blackeyed peas!   The meatloaf just mealted in my mouth!  I didn't taste anything else on his plate, but it was alot of food, and he brought 1/2 of his food home. 
My fish I ordered it extra crunchy, it was really good.  I was very satisfied with my meal.  The food came really fast too!  It wasn't even 5 min.  

The young lady that waited on us was really friendly, she also told us the history of how this place got started.  And low and behold, he started this because he worked and another soul food place.  And it's better than the place he use to work at!  

My husband can't wait to go back and try the oxtails and the short ribs.  Soooooooooooo, we will be back!
My man and I recently moved here from Los Angeles and were in search of a great soul food spot.  Saw this ad in weekly circular and decided to give it a try. It's a little distance from North Las Vegas but worth the drive. I had fried chicken wings, mac n cheese and greens. My man had smothered chicken, red beans & rice and yams. It was so good. We were stuffed. The service was great and the restaurant itself was nice and clean.  The personal photos on the wall give it a down home feel and we can't wait to go back!
One of the best Soul Food spots I've tried in Vegas! Been here a couple times.  Food is good and reasonably priced.
Have eaten their 4-5 times food is good most of the time but 3 of those times they screwed up the order and the last time the chicken was so overcooked and dry I couldn't finish it. Would be a great place if they put more effort into it. I might go back I might not. Honestly I think if they read this they would not care one way or another that's the vibe I got from them
The best fried chicken I have ever had. The service was excellent and everyone was super friendly. Cornbread that is so good it will make you cry. It's not much to look at but the food speaks for itself.
Came here for a quick meal since it is right around the corner from my house and my friend was craving some soul food. Honestly I'm not a huge fan of soul food but thought id give it a shot. She had the Chicken and waffles and I had the smothered chicken with corn and red beans and rice. To my surprise I enjoyed it more than I thought I would but considering how expensive it is I would rather spend my $17 elsewhere.  The chicken was cooked pretty good but I was dousing it in the side of hot sauce to give it a little flare. My favorite was the red beans and rice.

The girl that took our order was really friendly and they actually got our food out to us quicker than they had originally told us which was a plus. I would go back again only if I'm with someone else that is craving this type of food... I would never choose this place in my own though.
The food was good, but the bad service really ruined the entire experience. If I go back it'll be to pick up my phone order since the establishment shows priority to those doing so.
We have picked up to go orders from Soul Food Cafe a few times and tonight was the first time we dined in.  It was pretty busy when we arrived at 5 pm on a Saturday, lots of people coming in and out picking up orders.  We sat down and was waited on by a very cheerful waitress.  Our drinks came out pretty quick, and then we waited...and waited...I noticed a lot of people coming in to pick up orders and they were also waiting for quite a while.  Seems they only have two people cooking in the open air kitchen and three people taking orders/waiting tables. Lots of confusion among the waitresses as there were a lot of people calling and picking up and there was quite a bit of wrong orders going out.

We finally get our cornbread pancake first- warm, large and sweet, they were the size of a small plate and were fluffy and quite good.

Next came our sides and a few minutes later our entrees. The sides were all very tasty, collard greens were not over cooked, potato salad was flavorful with what seems like relish, mac and cheese was good and yams were overly sweet (but the mister liked them).  I had the fried chicken, they were perfectly seasoned and the skin (my favorite part) was crispy. The mister had the smothered chicken and thoroughly enjoyed his meal.

I also ordered a small order of chitterlings for $7 and it was horrendous.  I've had chitterlings once before in another soul food place in San Francisco and it wasn't bad so I wanted to try theirs.  Let me start by saying that I am an adventurous eater, I eat just about everything and anything.  I grew up eating innards (intestines, tripe, heart, kidneys, liver, pork/chicken/duck blood..I even LOVE balut!) so for me intestines is nothing new BUT good god, the chitterlings here were just awful..I took the first bite and nearly gagged.  I put some hot sauce on it and tried again, thinking maybe I just had a bad piece, nope, second bite was just as bad.  Two bites and that was enough for me, they just did not taste clean at all!

If it wasn't for their fried chicken and great sides as a saving grace, this review would probably be pretty bad.  I wanted to try their oxtails too but the table next to us ordered it and the woman sent it back....I know some of the items on their menu is actually pretty good (chicken and fried fish) so I'll be back again and hope to update my review as I really like to support local mom and pop places.  Plus, they have Niner logos everywhere so you know I gotta give them props for that :)
My family and I truly enjoyed some "real" soul food. Thanks for bringing the experience to Las Vegas! We had catfish, chicken and waffles...as my kids say, "Ma this food is bomb!"
I was super excited to find a soul food place here in Las Vegas, just moving here from Atlanta, and being a huge soul food fan! I did my research on yelp and decided to give Soul Food Cafe a try! We were greeted by a very nice waitress and seated right away on a Sunday, so far so good! I ordered the Catfish lunch, comes with two sides and cornbread (cornbread is sooo yummy, prob the best part of the meal) I really wanted Collard Greens, my fav, but they were out so I ordered Cabbage and yams. My husband ordered Fried Chicken rice and gravy and Cabbage. We tried to order the ribs for our daughter off the kids menu, but they were out of ribs too :( So we ordered baked chicken for her.  After a pretty long wait we were told very apologetically that they were out of Cabbage also. At this point I did want to leave, or wish I would have known about them being out of food so early on a Sunday, I would have liked the option to try again another day...BUT after waiting about 1.5 hrs we stayed, and waitress said that she would comp two sides for us. We finally got our food, honestly the portion size was quite laughable (maybe Ive been spoiled down south?) On the plus, the food was pretty tasty but for the price/portion ratio and the wait I dont know  if I'll be going back? 

btw..we ordered the Sugar Momma : Sweet Tea/ Lemonade and the Sugar Daddy : Kool Aid and Lemonade..Really Good, but VERY sweet...drank all my sugar for the month ;) lol
very friendly. in town from DC was looking for some soul food. The food was BOMB. Took the bus there. Easy location to find. A must go place to eat id vactioning in vegas.
Went again! It was awesome...
Like their fried chicken! highly recommend! and they deliver.. Yum! especially if you are pregnant.
Loved everything...chicken, the ox tails were very tender, greens were good, Mac and cheese awesome, yams were a little too sweet, okra was good! I'll definitely be back! Prices typical of most soul food places..high but worth it
I do not like it at all I ordered the hotlink plate and it wasn't good but the yams was good but that's all I can say not even the french fries!! I don't think I will be back there but I had to try it out the place was very small
i tried this a few months ago. food was okay but the banana pudding sucks....
I was in Las Vegas, vacationing stopped into Soul Food Cafe Loved the food.. Best cobbler I have tasted in years hats off  to the chefs! Great customer service,friendly family atmosphere. Recommend the fried chicken very well seasoned.. Top it off with a bowl of cobbler  you won't be disappointed.
I was in the mood for something new and decided to try this place out.i was a bit shocked at the pricing so I decided to just try a few of the side dishes.i ended up ordering three.fried okra,rice and gravy, and collard greens.that came with the cornbread.which was my favorite part of the meal.it was unique and something I've never tasted before.okra and rice were awesome too!the only reason I'm giving 3 stars was because I had asked the waitress if the greens were salty and she said not not really
Just a little bit.when I took my first bite I was  happy then the second and third bites I started tasting and overwhelming amount of salt, to the point where
I couldn't eat it anymore.which was kinda
Sucky since I had asked if it was salty or not.but in the end the waitress was nice
And the rest of the good was really tastey so I will definitely be back to try out some more items!especially since I now know they are from the Bay Area!!!!Go Niners!San Jose Born and raised!
Great food at a decent price! !! Drove in to Las Vegas for the week. Came to Cafe for breakfast. Food was great. Family was satisfied.
Don't believe the hype! I came to see what all the hype was about. Disappointed over the customer service, and the cleanliness of the place. My feet kept sticking to the floor . The dinner plate was highly over priced. For 17 dollars I'm expecting a bigger portions than Roscoes, but nope. The food is in a typical to-go container, and they don't fill it up. The red snapper was bland as well as the mac & cheese. They're hella stingy with the hot sauce, FYI. I'd definitely suggest the Gritz Cafe over this place any day.
The food was good! A little salty for me, but very appetizing. Mac n cheese was dry and bland, and the red been and rice was salty. I loved the cornbread! My grandmother would make pancake style cornbread all the time, delish! The gravy was a lil thick on my turkey wings , but the greens and potatoe salad was good. The customer service was phenomenal! Please cut back on the salt tho! Thanks!
This wasnt great at all. Fried chicken was VERY DRY and hard to eat my husband had the catfish and wasnt impressed at all. The greens however were very good but wont be going back for that alone. Ella Ems in North vegas is MUCH better.
Excellent everything! Catfish, hushpuppies and cornbread are my top favorites. Dont listen to overly critical reviews. This is a clean and laid back place with simply good food. You can see every move the staff makes from the dining area.
Ok... First off this is some of the best soul food I had at a restaurant in a long time...We took a cab to get here it's 60.00 for the cab ride roundtrip and 40.00 for the meal, and it was worth it.If you don't like this food, you aren't hood, plain and simple, If your grandma made it, it's here, and they do it right.I ordered the red snapper, red beans and rice, Mac and cheese, and greens..Off the chain all around the board..And they got Kool Aide y'all..I'm saying.  If you know you know, If you don't then, you missing out...Good food, great price.Full as a tick... 5 stars..easy
I'm in the service industry. .. it's hard to find good food, customer service and a clean place.   We found all these things.   Food I had was cat fish green yams and corn bread and don't forget sweet tea. Was great mac needed some work but I could tell this was because closing.  They were out of banana pudding so didn't get to try it. Would definitely recommend and eat here again.  Almost forgot we took cab so had to be worth it.
Some of the best soul food that I've had in awhile. Fried catfish was cooked to perfection.  Black-eyed peas and cornbread is awesome.  Good service and clean restaurant.
Extremely disappointed in this restaurant.  Took my family  there to have a good meal, me and my daughter wanted ribs, but we were told they weer running out. I told her to get them and I ordered the catfish. The fish was so over cooked that it sounded like I was biting into potatoe chips. She said her ribs were OK, but I didn't try them since there were only 3 on her plate. My wife ordered the smothered steak, I gotta say the gravy was great, I loved it, but the steak was over cooked and instead of cooking it in the gravy they pied ur over the top. My fries cane out so burnt that I thought they gave me sweet potatoe ferries instead. I told her I wanted regular fries and she told me they weren't sweet potatoes and she would have then make me fresh ones. Who the hell would bring out fries that represent your establishment like that? 
     The waitress was nice and friendly and very helpful, she was actually the best part of the experience. It also disappointed me that our sides came out to us about 10 minutes before or meals did, and that I paid $18.50 for 3 pieces of fish and some small sides. It is way overpriced. I paid $8.50 for my son's sandwich that should of been a $2.99 item off of the kids menu. I wish I could say I'd go back but I'd be lying.
Went for Mothers Day brunch. My mom substituted the breakfast salmon croquettes for fried cat fish. The dish was a classic tasty cornmeal fry and well seasoned. My grandmother had the chicken and waffles! The thin crispy waffles were as big as the plate and sprinkled with powdered sugar. The chicken wings weren't crazy good but they were well done.  The oil wasn't running off them or anything.  They have some crazy good hot sauce there - Fred's Red Hot! I'd definitely go back :)
I walked in alone on a Saturday night about 8:40, they were busy so I was ok with not being greeted immediately. I then noticed that one of the cooks  was looking at me giving me a SERIOUSLY Dirty look. I'm thinking what did I do. I approached the counter area and picked up a menu and a girl comes up to me and says "we stop seating at 8:30". So this is my "welcome" to the place. So much for Southern Hospitality. I mention to her the hours posted say 9:00. "So you really close at 8:30, not 9" I asked. She was "kind" enough to offer me a dark meat chicken order that had been made by mistake. I'm thinking really!!! I simply told her that I don't like dark meat, turned around and left.

I don't care how good the food might be. When I have a craving for fried cjicken I will go to KFC before I ever give this place a penny. Business must be good if they can turn away customers in such a nasty, inhospitable way.
They took forever to bring a waffle which should have came with the chicken the so called cooks were so busy bullshittin my waffle wasn't made until I went up to the counter and asked about it. One server worked and the other girl was completely use less. They have no since of urgency when it came to food prep they were to busy looking at this lady on her motorcycle that they clearly wouldn't have a chance with do your job please and thank you shit. Crazy part it wasnt busy.
After coming back at the owners request, I was pleasantly surprised at the food. I got the chicken and waffles which were delicious. The waffles were sweet and the chicken was full of flavor. The cornbread pancake is always good. All in all this place seems to have started to care again. It shows in the food. Thanks Shila. Great customer service.
I've tried many soul food restaurant in Vegas and Soul Food Cafe is definitely my favorite!  I've taken my whole family there (party of 10) and everyone loved it! The staff is very friendly and the prices are very reasonable.  I could eat here everyday!! And on those days I don't want to dine-in I order for delivery and they are very fast!
Great Chicken and waffles and some really good lemonade. The chicken batter is great but the service has something to be desired. Nice people just a little slow on the service side. But overall a good home style restaurant.
Nothing compares to Roscoe's chicken and waffles in Cali but I'm so glad I tried this place out! Who knew chicken and waffles would go so good together? 

It is conveniently located in the South West area. Their prices are decent for their serving size. Of course I had to get the chicken and waffles. Every meal comes with corn bread. And when I was thinking they would be small, they're actually pretty big, warm, and delicious! Unlike what you would expect. Their waffles are thin and good sized. But doesn't compare to Roscoe's crispy nature. Their wings are good as well if you don't mind getting down and dirty. What makes the taste even better is the hot sauce that they provide. I got the Mac and cheese as a side and it is very cheesy and smooth. Service is good, nothing to complain about. They're really nice and always greet you when you come in. Usually if it's not busy they let you sit yourself. I always catch myself tipping them nicely.

I'm glad I tried it out because now I don't have to drive 4 hours to get some chicken and waffles. They have a bunch of other selections that I haven't tried yet. But it truly is yummy comfort food that captures your soul.
This place is amazing! Everything we had was delicious! Christine gave us excellent customer service. We wish we could take her back to LA with us.
Let me start with the service. Out waitress is a bite of sunshine! She's polite, informed , attentive, and sweet as the sugar momma (lemonade and ice tea)! Christine is a jewel and made my experience here the best I've had in Vegas ever! She definitely makes your experience a down home happy experience!
Now for the food I ordered the red beans and rice ( amazing)! The corn bread pancake and the hush puppies! All of it was great! The food was fresh, hot, and amazing. I'd definitely make another trip from los Angeles to Las Vegas just for this place. My friends had the meatloaf fried chicken and hot links with Mac and cheese green beans gravy and yams . All of which they rated 5 stars . I recommend this place and wish it all the success to come!
I was in Las Vegas with friends when we hit the Soul Food Cafe after partying at the Marquee pool during the day.  I have to say that everything we had was excellent! From the hot links, fried chicken and meatloaf to all the sides. The service was great as well! Christine was so nice, cheerful and helpful. Not to mention the cornbread pancakes they serve, delicious!! The hot links were cooked to perfection and actually hot and spicy! I highly recommend the Soul Food Cafe if you are looking for great food at reasonable prices and friendly service! I'm not giving 5 stars only because the lemonade/iced tea drink was REALLY too sweet. Really a great experience!
The best soul food restaurant in vegas. The chicken takes pretty long but it says so on the menu. So with the wait because it's super crispy and not too much breading. The chicken and waffles are like roscos! Yumm! I'm drooling thinking about it.
My wife and I tried soul food cafe for the first time today...cornbread is sooo good ... Smothered pork chops and oxtail are both very good although I wish the pork chop was a little bit more tender ... I'm glad we don't have to go all the way to the other side  of town for soul food.
This place is a joke. And I ain't laughing. Came here with the family. Sat down another family party of six sat down after us. Got there order first and corn bread. Water. And table set ups while I watched her give out to go orders. Then I got fed up watching this nonsense  and told her I'm ready to order. Took way too long horrible customer service. what can I expect from a place like this.
I went to Soul Food Restaurant for the first time for dinner tonight with my family.The waitress Christine was exceptionally helpful in helping us decide what we wanted for dinner. We are from California visiting our son, and grandson, and have never been treated with such professionalism in putting the rights foods together. This will be our new place to dine whenever we come to Vegas with the hope that Christine is there to serve us. Our dinner choice was ox tails, cat fish, spare ribs and chicken salad .. Absolutely amazing
We are so happy we've found this place!  A really good soul food place not too far from our house!  We indulged in the fried chicken, meatloaf,  mac-n-cheese, red beans and rice, corn bread, and potato salad.  Wow...just wow!  Everything was delicious and brought back fond memories of good ole' southern cooking, since we're originally from the south.  Miss LaShonda took our order and was very helpful explaining all of the plentiful meal options to choose from to complete our dinner selection. The restaurant was very clean and smelled delightful. The only thing we noticed were the prices to be a little high but you are getting some freshly prepared and delicious soul food! The peach cobbler was added for dessert and we could barely stop ourselves from eating it entirely at one sitting!  We highly recommend this restaurant and look forward to visiting them again!
I am here visiting from out of town and after a day of shopping we stopped at the Metro Center Mall Food Court.  I think this restaurant must've recently opened because I didn't notice it when I was visiting last year.  I love catfish and so decided to give it a try.  As I walked up to it,  I first noticed that from a distance it looks nice (nice sign is what attracted me) but as I approached I saw it was very barren looking.  It really didn't look appealing at all.  The girl at the cash register had samples and so I had one and it was good so I ordered a 6 piece catfish meal with a side of onion rings and cole slaw.  I asked about the cole slaw and the girl behind the counter said it was "really good".  I placed my order.  I attempted to pay but there was a problem with the cash register so she went in back to get someone to help her and a young man came out.  He looked like he was the cook.  He punched some keys on they register and showed her what was wrong and then went to the back.  First thing I noticed was that he used the register keys and didn't have gloves on.  Anyway, I paid and she said it would be ready in 10 minutes.  After about 5 minutes I walked up and my order was ready.  First of all, the cole slaw is so sweet.  It is not "really good".  It has too much slaw sauce on it.  Much too sweet.  The onion rings tasted good.  The catfish was really and I mean really deep fried.  It didn't taste exactly like the sample I had tasted at the counter.  I couldn't really taste the catfish, just the deep fried batter.  The red dip that came with it was just extremely hot.  I don't know what it was but it didn't help the flavor of the catfish.  But I was hungry so I ate the catfish.  Here's what really made me angry and caused me to write this review though:  When I was down to the last two pieces of fish I noticed the styrofoam underneath it was eaten away.  I realized that they must've set the very hot fish directly in the styrofoam tray and it had melted the styrofoam and I had eaten it!!!  I just thought how could someone be so unaware that this could happen??

I don't really want this place to close as I think the catfish idea is a good one.  It wouldn't take much to spruce the place up.  Train the employees and make sure they know how to be friendly to the customers. Teach them customer service.   Get rid of the styrofoam or use paper.  They could have also asked me if I was going to eat there or take it as they could save money on plastic bags by not using them for every order.  People order their food, walk 15 feet away and throw the bag in the garbage.  You need a plastic bag for this?  Lot's of unconscious thinking going on at this place.  If no changes are made, I will really be surprised if they are still in business when I visit Arizona again next year.

POSTSCRIPT:  A reviewer reminded me that not everyone's food preferences are the same so as to my stating the coleslaw was too sweet, let me say that even though I might have thought it was too sweet, others might not think so and may actually prefer it this way.  So, disregard my statement about the coleslaw.
GOOD FISH-Was actually going to eat at a sandwich from the spot next to Charlie D's when my husband and I got to talking to one another about the fish if we thought it would be good or what not-We have seen this place a couple of times and always frowned our noses up at the place-Well good thing this time we actually decided to give it a try-AMAZINGLY GOOD-We had the catfish with fries and the red beans and rice-Even though I was not impressed with the red beans and rice my husband loved it. The homemade hot sauce was REALLY GOOD-The reason for 4 stars is because we haven't tasted anything else on the menu but I am sure it is going to be GOOD as well.
Update.  Closed after only a month.  (sigh)
Charlie D, I think that catfish you served me never worked a day in its life.  How else could it be so juicy and melt in your mouth tender?  You coated it with a crispy breaded shell and served it up with the HOT hot sauce, mmmmm.  I don't know what other magic you've got going in the kitchen but I aim to find out real soon with a plate of chicken and waffles.
Downtown convention goers, when you get tired of walking around, looking at all the pretty lights and eating at chain restaurants, hop on the light rail going east and hop off at 12th street, the first stop east of downtown.  Cross the street and you are at Charlie D's where you can get yourself some local hospitality and homemade comfort food before going back to your meetings.  Open for lunch and early dinner at present, I noticed they have some lunch specials if you are on a tight schedule.  Just for fun, take a peek at the iconic barbershop in the same building before you depart.
AMAZING (fried) CATFISH, WTH???    I don't like fried food much, and I don't really like fried fish, like fish and chips - ugh, not my thing.  This is DIFFERENT, it was light and fluffy, delicious breaded coating that was crispy and had flavor, not greasy.  "Juicy and melt in the mouth tender" as DinerGirl says, and LOVE THE HOT SAUCE, so glad my fellow Yelpers told me to use it!

Nice big patio out front with tables to watch the light rail zoom by, nice big parking lot out back.  

Wish Charlie and his wife (who are really NICE people, by the way) would relocate to the east side, as we almost never venture to their part of town, darn it!
Soooo good you need to try the catfish here! Charlie is nice enough to give you a sample with his secret sauce =d not a lot of people were in side. Next time I will order ahead of time for pick up.
Charlie D's has great catfish!  The portions are really big, and everything is perfectly fried.  There are a variety of sides to choose from.  I am used to eating fries and coleslaw with my catfish, and they were both very good.  I also enjoyed an order of hushpuppies.  My only complaint would be that there is no fountain and only cans of soda.  That is pretty minor though.

Charlie D was very friendly.  There weren't many people in the restaurant when we went in, so Charlie chatted with us for a few minutes about the food, weather, and Arizona.  I will definitely go back the next time I am in the area.
I"m From Kansas City where this restaurant was founded at...so it is good to see some real home cooking in Phoenix!! Now all we need is Gates BBQ and it will be like im in Kansas City!
Sad to stay. This location is closed
Love the Macaroni here. They have spicy jerk which is good. I love the Peach Cobbler. I take it home and eat it with ice cream.
This is some great bbq best prices in town.  You can't beat it!  I had the rib dinner great mac & cheese, but I don't know about jalapeos peppers in my hush puppies. Will visit again.
My girlfriend and I tried this place the other night and we were not impressed. I really want to like this place because I want some good BBQ so we might go back and try again. Service was ok, but very slow. We got brisket sandwiches with fries. The brisket wasn't very tender. Will go back to try the ribs and mac n cheese and hopefully find it to be a little better.
Waiting to pick up my dinner order, and am super excited as always. My husband loves the brisket dinner, and you can't go wrong with their pulled pork dinner and side of Mac & Cheese. The staff is always very nice, and I love that we can support a small family owned, local business. Great food, awesome prices and stellar service, we're regulars!
I really hope to see these guys make it.. I went by one day too early and one of the guys came out to say hello and let me know when they would open that day. We finally made it down there last night to give them a try... kinda weird to walk into a BBQ place and not smell the BBQ! There were a few families in there, everyone was waiting for food. We gave our order to the 12 or 13 year old behind the counter and she placed it to her side and we sat down to watch her spend the next 10 minutes continuing to take orders... (Our slip was still on the counter..) Finally the entire stack of slips was sent to the back, we joked with the table next to us that we were probably on the bottom... After quite a wait the last family that walked in got their order and left... then the couple that came in behind us got their order as we sat and waited... by now we had gotten to know them a little and they were from Kansas City...  In their words the BBQ was ok... he felt that the meat should pull from the bone, which it defiantly did not do. They completed their meal and offered us some untouched ribs while we were STILL waiting for our food! We declined and finally the food comes out. Hubby takes the cornbread and immediately pushes it to the side of the table.. he refused to try it even, "Its cake, not bread!" The ribs were ok... we pretty much thought the same, that it should pull from the bone more. The coleslaw was nothing spectacular and the rice/beans were pretty much left untouched. Not a place that we would go out of our way to go to by any means... :o(
Stopped in as we live a few minutes away, and have always wanted to try it.   I ordered the beef brisket, my girl ordered the ribs. 

Beef brisket was to die for, I wish I had two orders! Sauce is a little tangy, I like it like that. 

Ribs looked very appetizing but my date wasn't impressed. She is used to my ribs, so this place had the deck stacked against it as my ribs are the business.  But I also don't cook for the public and takes all day to perfect. 

I tasted the ribs and they had the same sauce the brisket had, but the meat did not slide off the bone like it should. Yum love their sauce though. 

Corn bread is very tasty!   I also had a side of Cole slaw, very tasty and it had hunks of mandarins mixed it, nice touch! 

I'm sold on the brisket, I'll get that everyday of the week if my ass wouldn't swell.   Ribs need some work.
Waited an awfully long time for our food which had great flavor but it was lukewarm. Awesome cornbread though.
Fantastic! I got the pulled pork with sides of cole slaw, mac & cheese and cornbread. 

The pork was amazing, and the portion was huge! (I gave about 1/3 to my husband and still felt like I had a nice portion.) The sauce was just right - not too sweet, not too strong. 

The mac & cheese was excellent and not dry like many restaurants'. I would have liked a bit more, and would have sacrificed a little bit of pork for it (albeit reluctantly - the pork was so good!). The cole slaw was just ok, but as a side for pulled pork it served its purpose and didn't detract from the meal. The cornbread was perfectly moist without being heavy.

I also ordered one piece of catfish as a test. I love catfish, but am VERY picky. This was great, and very clean-tasting with a nice, light breading.

My husband ordered the pepper jack burger and french fries. He liked the fries, and felt the burger was ok. He's definitely planning to order the pulled pork next time. ;)

The staff was all fabulous - really friendly and attentive. The food took a bit long to arrive, but it was definitely worth the wait and I'm ok with it, given the casual feel of the place.

There's only one reason I gave four stars instead of five: they use a lot of styrofoam. I know that's picky, but styrofoam is SO bad for the environment, and it feels a  wasteful to use it for eat-in service. Something as simple as using a more environmentally friendly box, plus a recycling option for disposal, would have made this 5/5 for me!
I waited FOR 35 MINUTES tonight just for 2 brisket meals to go. They weren't even hot when I arrived home and I live less than 1 minute away. It was still a fine meal, saved by the amazing cornbread!! But, I have no intention of going back any time soon.
Love this place. Awesome pulled pork, catfish, mac n cheese and hushpuppies. They also do greens the first Sat of the month. Its a small place for dine in or take out.
Make sure you call in your order before hand, but it is well worth the wait! I've been 3 times all getting different items each time and I haven't had a bad bite yet. Definitely strays away from anything healthy but if you want southern soul food, this is the place to go. Don't let the area fool you, real diamond in the rough...
Found this place on yelp and with family from down south they really wanted some good soul food so we went to try it out! 

We got 3 meals, fried chicken, smothered chicken, and rib tips all with 2 sides each for $35! Great prices for great soul food!

The fried chicken was made fresh and was very well seasoned! The ribs were good and the BBQ Sauce was tasty! The smothered chicken was delicious! The red beans and rice was outstanding we all got that and the collard greens tasted like mom use to make! With 2 pieces of warm cornbread each it was very filling!

I would def reccomend this place the service is good and friendly and the food is great! And the price is amazing we all took food home there was so much! We will be back!
I love this place! Angie was sooo nice! Her wings were out, but as soon as she got her new order, she hooked us up! I wanna try the chicken and waffles next time, but the chicken wings were to die for! I'm craving some right now, lol.
This place is so unassuming, but then again most of the best restaurants are in my opinion. We wandered in on a Tuesday and both ordered chicken and dumplings. Some meals are only available certain days. $9.99 dinner entrees are perfect for the working man. Burgers under $5. The chicken and dumplings, greens and mac and cheese were amazing, just as good as my grandmothers if not better. The banana pudding was a taste of my childhood I forgot and Angie does it really well. Would return again on a Sunday for the oxtail dinner or gumbo. The sign at the register says it all "this is not fast good it is soul food".
I happened upon Angie's on Thanksgiving eve.  I was desperately looking for a place that would take my rush holiday pie order and after a dozen "No's", Angie's sweet kindness let me in from the dark and shined a light on me that warms me to this day.  She said that she didn't exactly have anything ready, but asked me to come in and we would "talk"; Southern speak for, "we'll work it out".   
When I had arrived at the location, a lady greeted me with a hearty hello and called for Angie to come out from the back.   Based on her enthusiasm, I just naturally assumed I was speaking with Angie.  When Angie came out with her big smile, I reminded her of who I am and she hesitatingly said that she does have a pie but it's in her personal pie tin and not very professional looking.  I excitedly exclaimed, "That's PERFECT!"  I know I'm dragging on here but what I want you to see is that Angie and the lady who greeted me so enthusiastically, who I later found out was Angie's Mother, are the most kind, humble and positive people I've met in a long time.  

I took the pie, which was a great deal, with a small stack of menus and delivered the pie to my friends with a copy of the menu.  On my way back home, I was hungry for lunch so I called Angie's and placed a "take out" order.  If you decide to visit Angie's I recommend calling in advance and order "take out".  

Always on the prowl for home cooking and fried chicken I ordered the... Now don't judge.  I intended to buy part 1 for lunch and part 2 for dinner but sometimes the food is just too good and well...you know...things happen.  Anyway, I ordered the nine piece wings and fries and for my "intended" dinner, I ordered the fried chicken dinner with two sides: Collard Greens and Red Beans and Rice.  Angie said it will be ready in 30 minutes.  I also wanted to stop by to let the ladies know how much my friends I and appreciated and loved the sweet potato pie.   When I told Angie, she was very grateful for the positive feedback.

Now to the good stuff... My orders came in two, 3-section, Styrofoam, to-go boxes inside a plastic bag.  I could feel the heat on my fingers and smell the scent of fried chicken emanating from the bag.  I got in my car and barely got the key in the ignition before I had that knot on that bag ripped open like an excited five year old on Christmas morning.  I popped open that first Styrofoam container and found a mound of REAL French fried potatoes, and NINE golden chicken wings.  Remember that scene from "Pulp Fiction" where the briefcase was opened and a gold glow was cast on the face of John Travolta?  That was me.  Do not tell on me but I am driving during this segment of the review.  I'm hungry and going to "nibble" a bit while I drive.   My first pull, I took in one fry and was blown away with it's freshness and that "comfort food" feeling it gave me;  hot, fresh, perfectly salty and real food not processed or "extruded"     Now I'm pulling up four and five fries per reach.  They are hot and moist and taste so good but then my fingers touch a faint rough texture versus the smoothness of the French Fry.  It's the first tactile introduction of the fried CHICKEN WINGS!!!  I'm at a stop light now and can use both hands to pull apart the pointy side of the wing.  Not much meat but I love the crunch and it's perfectly seasoned!!!   So nice and so good!  I then place the center piece with the moist flesh covered by the fried, crispy, salty goodness.  Not sure where the bones went.  Then la piece de la resistance, the meaty end; not huge like some hormone fed Frankenchicken, but perfect.  I can't put it to words.  You're just going to have to get your lips on some so you can feel the love.  

I live about 6 miles from Angie's, a drive I barely remember.  When I pulled onto my street, I discovered I was not wearing my seat-belt!  I ALWAYS wear my seat belt!  I can't remember a time when I didn't wear it.  This is some amazing food!  

I pulled into my garage looking at the passenger seat, there is one more box left.  The debate erupts in my head, "put it away, "just have a taste", "put it away", "just one bite"...back and forth, but gluttony won this day. I sat at my dinner table with fork and napkins...plural.  Intending to just "taste" the collards and red beans and rice, then retire the rest of the meal for dinner I soon realized that I should have just walked away and put the box in the refrigerator.  First bite and it was over.  The Collards were seasoned perfectly and so tender with  bite sized chucks of smoked ham hock and the red beans and rice reminded me of food my Grand Mother, who's from Jefferson County Alabama, used to make.  I was sucked in.  Then there is the perfect mounds of happiness in the cornbread.   Next thing I know, the plate's empty.  Only the bones remained and I'm stuffed.  This is genuinely one of those great meals where the food tastes so good you just keep eating no matter how full you are.  

Amen
Thanks yet again to the Yelp app for finding my lunch.  I typed in "soul food," and this place appeared.  It had half a dozen glowing reviews, so we decided to give it a shot.  Very glad we did.  Angie is very friendly, I stopped by before we ate and got a to go menu.  She advised me to call and order what we wanted, as the food is cooked to order, and it is not quick.  This is totally fine with me, I find that generally, the quicker stuff is, the less "real" it is.  And usually, the better it tastes when it takes some time to cook.

There are some mainstays on the menu (fried or smothered chicken, for example), and there are daily specials.  We ate at Angie's on a Thursday, when meatloaf is the special.  So, my wife had meatloaf.  This is a traditional meatloaf, tomato sauce, onions, veggies.  Very moist, went well with the mashed potatoes and brown gravy.  We also tried mac n cheese, fried corn, and okra.  Of these, the okra was my least favorite, but I still really liked it.  The fried corn has bacon and veggies in it, it was a style we hadn't tried before.  Both of us liked it.  I'd like to try to replicate this dish at home.  The mac n cheese, as expected, was fantastic.  Classic soul food mac, not based on a roux.  Very cheesy.  

I had the fried chicken.  I was glad I called ahead, because this dish can take 25-30 minutes.  Again, I don't mind since it's fresh, but I highly recommend you call first.  This is a LARGE serving of chicken, 4 pieces, with 2 very large drumsticks.  Both meals at $9.99 for the entre, 2 sides, and cornbread.  Very reasonable considering the flavor and quality of what you get.  The fried chicken was seasoned very well.  I find that a lot of places are too focused on the skin, which is certainly important, and leave out proper seasoning.  Not Angie.  The skin was crispy, adhered to the chicken, and was flavorful.  That's the fried chicken trifecta.

The employees were very friendly.  The place is small and sparsely decorated, but we felt very comfortable.  This is some serious soul food, highly recommended.
Went today for lunch and got fried chicken and pork chop dinners. Food was delicious and service was great.
Angie's mom is the best.
This place is a hidden discovery. Food was freshly prepared. So call and order ahead of time. The fish,chicken,corn bread and mac n cheese was gud. However the fried corn was the BEST I've ever had!! Oh...don't forget to top it off with some banana pudding. I will make sure to visit this hidden jewel anytime I come back to Vegas:+)
This place is great, very hidden but thanks to yelp for finding it for me! The banana pudding is awesome! I'd go just for that. Underrated place
The food here reminds me of the food I had growing up and visiting my grandma's house. I can't wait to try her other items. Next time I will call ahead and carry out as suggested in other reviews.  We ordered the smothered chicken with rice, potato salad, yams, macaroni & cheese & chitterlings.  I arrived 15 minutes after they opened on a Sunday. Next time I will wait at least an hour before going to ensure everything is ready. 

PROS: The gravy
             Service

CONS: Out of the fried corn
             Out of coleslaw
             Arrived too early for oxtails and peach cobbler
Overall, the food was pretty good. I had the bbq chicken dinner with red beans and rice, mac n cheese, and cornbread. Food smelled delicious but the chicken was a little dry and chewy, and the mac n cheese was a little salty. I will be trying this place again, though.
Best Sweet Potato Pie I've ever had. You can pre order a whole one and be the star of the potluck or holiday get together!   Angie is on premises every time I've been there and you can tell how much pride she takes in her shop.
WOW......... This place is a hidden gem. I found Angies soul food by accident and called ahead to be sure they were open. I had the pleasure of speaking with Angie 
on the phone and she told me she had red snapper today. I was on my way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Upon entering, I was greeted with a friendly smile which was Angie. I told her I was 
the one who called and I proceeded to order  small chicken plate and a side of 
Red Snapper. Both were fantastic and  this may be the BEST fried chicken                 in Las Vegas.  Perfectly deep fried with great tasting, crispy batter. Portion sizes were very generous.  My sides were Homemade macaroni and cheese, along with some collard greens. Both sides were delicious. While I was waiting for my order to cook, Angies mom came out from the kichen and she was a pleasure to talk with. I believe her and her daughter split the cooking duties.
    I will not only be returning to Angies to eat but will also be recommending 
Angies to many people as this place provides great food made by some really 
nice people.
Please forgive me for having certain expectations when it comes to  my meal. I expected to have freshly cooked chicken, not old chicken placed back in hot grease. I expected to have freshly prepared desert, not slimy black banana slices. The 2 flies would not leave us alone I'm guessing because we were the only ones there. The person I tried to give the pudding to asked if they had done something wrong to deserve such a treat. No matter how much whipped cream you fold in it; it won't change the foundation of what it's not.
So my friends and i showed up at 7:55 and they close at 8. We were going to leave but Angie insisted we at least get it to go. She gave us an awesome run down of the menu. They made it fresh and it was amazing. You can tell this place really cares about the food they make. They didn't stop smiling and she was super nice and accommodating. Customer service and atmosphere is on point with the mom and pop vibe and the fried chicken dinner was delicious
We at KCEP 88.1 LOVE ANGIE!!! This place is something like heaven! Angie Hilbert has certainly brought her Mississippi style to Vegas and she put KCEP in a food-coma. Not only is her crackling fried chicken mouth-watering juicy, but the greens, rice, beans, rib tips, potato salad, corn, mac & cheese, corn bread, peach cobbler and banana pudding is just as gut-busting! If you're ready to really experience a party in your mouth-visit Angie's Soul Food Kitchen on 860 E. Twain, suite 102 and make this your favorite soul food restaurant.
After spending an hour searching for a decent soul food joint close to Henderson I stumbled upon Angie's Soul Food Kitchen and decided give it a try. My taste buds and my belly were happy to have found Angie's to say the least. Angie herself is a sweetheart and greets you right when you walk in. The food, to note, is made to order so prepare to wait. My fried chicken dinner with a side of greens and red beans with rice was piping hot when ready. The chicken was cooked to perfection, the greens were seasoned just right, and the red beans and rice just melt in your mouth. Though I'm still a devout fan of Kathy's Soul food Kitchen, minus the lack thereof of proper serving etiquette (a whole other story), I like that I have just as good an option to choose from now when needing a soul food fix. Do check this place out if you're in the boulevard mall area, its definitely worth the trip.
One of my friends was craving fried chicken as we were leaving our Spring Break weekend of debauchery. Thankfully, I had my trusty Yelpers to assist me in finding Angie's Soul Food Kitchen, which is actually not too far from the Strip! While the plaza it's located in is a bit dingy, and the restaurant very small, the food was pretty good! I ordered the $3.99 Chicken and Waffles. Disclaimer: it really is only ONE piece of chicken with ONE waffle. I wish I had ordered the fried chicken platters that were on the menu because it was finger lickin' good! I also ordered the creamed corned, which was delicious, sweet, and had savory bits of bacon and onion in it. I wish I had visited on a day that their banana cream pie/pudding was available! It sounds delicious from the other reviews I read. 

Overall, I would definitely give this place a try if you're ever in the area and craving fried chicken. The staff is super friendly! It's like going to your grandma's for a bite to eat! Just be aware that cash is recommended and there are literally only about 2-3 tables in the place.
Super friendly staff, absolutely delicious fried chicken and okra dinner. Would definitely go back. Keep up the good work
The best soul food I've ever had!  I couldn't wait to write this review because I am so excited I finally found a good soul food place in Vegas.  

I got the catfish dinner and I got the fried chicken dinner for my brother.  I asked him how his was and with a mouthful all he said was "it's good as ****".  I got the collard greens and fried okra for my sides and both were exceptional.  The greens were cooked how greens are supposed to be cooked (with ham) and the right seasonings.  The fried okra was the best I've ever had, they were crispy and not soggy like some places.  The catfish was also fantastic!  It was fresh and breaded and fried how catfish should be (crispy, not soggy).  Whatever they use to bread the catfish and the okra is perfect.  I cannot express with words how my taste buds danced when I ate my catfish, greens, and fried okra.

Last, but certainly not least, the owner was absolutely charming and it is clear that she is the type of person who genuinely cares about her business.  Isn't it always easier to spend money places where you feel like they really appreciate your business?

If you are looking for excellent soul food, look no further!  This place is doing soul food how it should be done!
Im not religious but...OH JESUS THANK YOU.

Screw this review, im going to eat!

P.s. Dont forget to call ahead and everything on the menu is good!
The  food here is delicious and perfectly seasoned. Lisa & Stephanie look just like their moms & it touched my heart to see the working together.  This is a great place to grab a bite to eat that won't empty your pockets.  The food & service will keep you coming back for more.  Loved, Loved, Loved the chicken waffles & the hush puppies!   If you're looking for real soul food, look no further!
Tucked away in the corner of a very tiny strip mall is this ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS place. I came in and it was empty,I was the only person here. The 2 women working behind the counter/kitchen couldn't have been more friendly and welcoming and suggestive when it came to me being indecisive about what I wanted to order. Food is flavorful,juicy,and just plain ole fashioned home cooked yumminess. I just wish this place had more visible signage alone the roadside.
Today I had a friend suggest Mother's Wings & Thinks. The Staff was friendly. The food was great! I recommend the Mac & Cheese. Thank you for a great experience.
Open 7 days a week
LIES LIES LIES

I've been calling for the last half hour and it just keeps ringing!!
Maybe because of the Super Bowl ?
C'mon REALLY that's so BS
Georgia makes the best Soul Food and Chinese Infusion!  From Fried Catfish and chicken to Pork Fried Rice and Combination Egg Foo Young.  Did I mention peach cobbler to die for!!!
Just went there for the first time. Good food I had the smothered pork chops. and yes the peach cobbler to die for
Big ups to Mama Georgia the best Chinese food in Las Vegas.. The portions are great the food is good and seasoned just right. The soul food is " Just Like My Grannie's".Mama Georgia's cooking gives me comfort when I miss home....Chi-Town. Mama Georgia and Artisha much LOVE...Trivia
Las Vegas has lacked authentic soul food for years... So happy I was able to get the best of both of my favorites! Love the soul food - mac n cheese, greens but Love Love the egg foo young! Oh and the house special the Bruce Leroy - shrimp fried rice and chicken wings. Im  there every time i visit.
I came to Las Vegas and wanted some soul food and man I found the best soul food west of the Mississippi...only my Mommy's food was better...but; yes I will return 4sho!
Really good food that is full of flavor and Georgia is super sweet and funny! The wait is a lil long but sooooo worth it! Food is made to order so she makes it the moment you order it! This dive is a awesome!
This place is tucked inside a small neighborhood bar that you wouldnt find if u weren't looking. Georgia is the sweetest and knows what she's doing in that kitchen. I ordered the fried rice with 3 chicken wings (Bruce Leroy). It was very fresh and flavorful. The chicken had a really good flavor and fried to perfection. She gave me a sample of the mac and cheese and I was sold.... One side of that please. I also had a side of collard greens that came with a piece of hot water cornbread that looked like an egg roll. The greens were not cooked with any meat so they weren't as flavorful as I would've thought but with an added pinch of salt and eating them along with the cornbread, they were quite tasty too. I wanted to try the peach cobbler but it wasn't ready.  I was there again the same week and will be back probably before the weekend is up. This is my husband's new lil fave too.
Welcome back to Indian School, Stacy!

A couple of months ago, my roommate and I moved to a new house - super close to what used to be the purple building on Indian School. And my roommate lamented how it would have been so cool to live right across the street from Stacy's BBQ - too bad it's not there anymore. Well, happy day! I noticed Saturday morning the big Grand Opening banner on the new fascia of the building. I noticed Stacy's trailer out back. And I called my roommate to share the joy! I stopped in that afternoon with my latest dining companion - to grab a pound of brisket and side of greens to go.

Newly reopened, indeed! There were no menus (not printed yet!). But the gals at the counter were super friendly,  and happy to share all that was available that day. And when Stacy peeked his head out, I was downright giddy! So happy to see him back in this spot! Happily, brisket and greens were both on the menu.
The remodel improved the looks of the inside ten-fold. I am not a fan of the new outside - it looks to "clean." I love the old purple eyesore!

And the food? As good as I remember. The brisket was perfect - really didn't need any sauce at all. We got the spicy sauce - which has amazing flavor and some heat - but not really spicy enough for either of us. But it was still so damn good! The companion thought he wasn't hungry. But had NO problem hoovering half the order while I did the same. (And I am leaning toward the hypothesis that any man I can happily share my beer and BBQ with is a man worth keeping around awhile.) I got to enjoy the greens on my own - and enjoy, I did! I could practically live on Stacy's greens!

I am so happy Stacy is back on Indian School - my waistline and wallet are not!
Don't forget the fried catfish! Totally worth it!
had brisket sandwich with a side of mac and cheese. the brisket alone was great but with sauce really good added flavor.
When Stacy Phipps opened the doors to his Indian School establishment in 2008, I was his #1 fan. Stacy catered my holiday functions, family gatherings, and weeknight dinners for the next four years. I was heartbroken to see him leave the neighborhood. I sat back and watched sadly as the quality of food suffered under new management, and as the smokehouse finally shut it's doors last year.

When I found out Stacy was back, I was ecstatic! But there are some clear differences, and as much as I want to scream a five star review from the rooftops, I don't think I can just yet. As with most jilted Arcadian food lovers, he's going to have to work to earn my trust back. So today we begin with 3.5 stars, and hopefully we can work our way up.

On the pro side: the interior has improved, the amazingly friendly service hasn't changed, the spicy BBQ sauce still has that HIP TANG, and they now accept plastic for payment. The brisket was decent - I'm a moist brisket lover myself, so I was thrilled with the moist pieces but turned off by the lean. Still, the flavor of the rub and the rendering of the fat was amaze. 

On the negative side: they microwaved my pork ribs. Like seriously. I heard a ding and saw them pull a plastic shopping bag covered dish out of the microwave. The meat was still falling off the bone and tender, but the whole Chef Mike thing didn't sit well with me, mentally. Also, I wanted fried pickles. Fried pickles are on the menu. They don't serve fried pickles. Uh, WHAT? 

Now, to be fair - I just returned from a five day meat fiesta in Kansas City, so I am a little more judgey than usual about my smoked meats. However, I've become accustomed to hot meat off the smoker, and because I can still get that 'round the clock at Rudy's in Chandler, I was much disappoint today at Stacy's. I get that reasonably, Stacy's is a small operation and just can't be expected to smoke meat all day and then let it sit around gathering bacteria during the slow hours, but seriously, invent some new way to microwave your meat, or do it out of customer view.
Good smothered chicken and yams.  Peach cobbler will make you eat your tongue. Early close by 8pm.  Good location off 51 on Indian School.
very good barbacue, went in and had some rib tips and hot links. Very good sauce and service.
For a place that's been open for a few months, I was pretty disappointed. They were out of several things (beef brisket, I mean-seriously???) Additionally I took a couple to help me discover this new heavenly haven of BBQ. The sauce was probably the best part of the meal.  We had a pulled chicken and pulled pork sandwich and I had their "famous" chicken with sweet potato fries and fried okra. Additionally, I had a coupon which they would not honor (yet) which really soured my experience. Potato salad and cole slaw were good; I have had bigger fried okra at Church's and the sweet potato fries were also just ok. There's 8-10 tables set up inside and an equal amount of parking out back. Someday I may stop back in and see what their brisket is like but, I'll give them a little more time to get better prepared. I like the glassware!!
Loved it! Tasted awesome & wasn't too expensive. Ordered five plates of meat (1lb each) & three sides & only payed $85! Split between 5 people, wasn't very much money! If you're in the area, give it a shot!
Really had high hopes for this place since Phoenix has a serious lack of good BBQ. The brisket looked good, smoke ring and all but lacked seasoning! Did someone forget? Ribs were next and looked a bit like they were baked instead of smoked and also seemed to lack a good rub. The only thing I thought was pretty good was the Mac and cheese which was pretty decent and a hint of green Chile. Hopefully Stacy will look into these quality issues and correct them. I believe they can do a lot better.
Bought a groupon today, $15 for 30. Went to Stacy's at lunch & had my print out. Right away the gentleman behing the tall counter asked if that was a Groupon. I said yes, then he said very rudely "Oh we aren't taking those until Monday". I said what. He said Yeah we ain't taking those till Monday. I said it doesn't say it on the Groupon. He said Yeah not till Monday. I was like are you serious, he said Yeah, that's coming from the higher up's. 

I chuckled and said ok. I mean if you are putting a Groupon out then you need to specify in the fine print a "start date". We ended up sitting down for lunch and two other people came in with their Groupon. They were told the same thing, also in a rude manner. One gentleman was furious and stated the same thing I said, "it doesn't say that". 

The food was good, as this was my first time there. I had the lunch special, pulled pork sandwhich with potato salad. BUT.... the mac & cheese was NOT worth the $4 for an 8oz size. It tasted and looked like mac & cheese out of a box, like Kraft. That was very disappointing. Will I go back? Heck yeah, to redeem my Groupon, but after that, not really.
I bought a groupon today and drove 20 miles to give the place a try, I was really excited about trying out the place. When I pulled out my groupon I was VERY RUDELY told they were not going to accept it. He said they were not going to take groupons until Monday? I tore up the groupon and threw it on the counter and told him I would never be back. Having some kind of issue with taking the groupon is one thing, being extremely rude about it is another. I will spend my money somewhere else!
I purchased a Groupon.  The RUDE women (yes, two rude women) at the counter said Groupon made a mistake and Stacy's was not accepting the coupons anymore. They told me to contact Groupon and get my money back.  (As a business owner myself, I would have used a different tactic and turned a negative situation into a positive one.)

I thought about ordering anyway but they said they were out of beef ribs -- it was early afternoon.

When I noticed the flies on the countertop, then I knew this was definitely not the place for me -- with or without a Groupon!
Does anyone else think it's weird this business keeps opening and closing at different locations?  Anyways, here's my review from when it was on 7th st and northern.

Been here twice now, first time I got the ribs which were average at best but pretty expensive considering they weren't special. I went there today to get some chicken and Mac and cheese, I figured that at lunch this place would have been packed -- completely false. I was the only one ordering food and waited a good 10-15 mins before I had to ask them how much longer. Seriously, I could hear the 3 of them talking and they forgot about my order! It definitely doesn't take 15 min to get food ready.  The food is 2.5 stars at best, service is about 0 stars.  If you want good BBQ, you're much better off going somewhere else despite Stacy's appearance on tv.  Go to Joe's Real BBQ in Gilbert, good food and good service
I didn't even make it past the parking lot before the rude started. The catfish sign was out on the sidewalk and the open sign was lit. When I got out of my truck Stacy and a couple other people stated that the restaurant wasn't open today. There's something very strange about the way this place opens and closes. I think they are doing business with products other than BBQ at this place, IYKWIMAITYD.
Don't eat here. 

We found this place through a Living Social deal. In looking up the place online before we went, I found the bad reviews here. Based upon the one positive review from March of 2014 I unfortunately ignored them. 

Don't be like me, don't give this place a chance. 

We visited at 6:30 on a Saturday, their hours said they closed at 9:00. We waited a very long time for our food, only to have most of hit served cold. Obviously they just can't afford to keep food hot and ready to go, and re-heat pre-cooked food as it's ordered.  

The Living Social deal that brought us to the place to begin with was not honored, as it's 'under new management'. Someone took the money from that deal and sold the restaurant. it was adding insult to injury to pay full price for a meal that we could not eat. The waitress felt really bad about the fact we could not eat the food, but her only way of helping us was to offer us more food as a freebie - that was not something we had any interest in accepting.  

I'm guessing this place will close pretty soon. It deserves to. But until it does, with so many wonderful eateries in the Phoenix area, I would pass this one by. It's bad.
I had the pulled pork - tasty smoky sweet - good portion.  The sweet potato fries
were a little pricey but excellent - crispy on the outside but soft and flavorful on the inside.  The potato salad was so-so and the dcor is lower end but clean.  Overall
a good experience.
Great fast food BBQ as i think of it. Nice sweet sauce and moist pulled pork.   Ribs meat feel right off the bones and wasn't too fatty. Didn't care for the coleslaw but I feel coleslaw is such a personal thing I wouldn't say it was bad. Just not my style. Very House of Cards local BBQ.
When this was Stacey's, a little bright purple BBQ haven on Indian School, we loved it. Every time we ate here it was better than the last time.

So now they're "under new management,"  and while the name "Stacey" still shows up here and there, it's definitely not the same anymore.  It's painted a plain beige and the interior is fancier -- but the new management needs to get their act together.

The "Living Social" deal is not being accepted. Don't go expecting your special deal. 

There is no longer a large menu written up on a blackboard. You have to worm your way through the very tight interior to the five-foot-tall counter and read the little printed menu. About half of it is blacked over, showing how much is no longer available that used to be served.

The service is painfully, distressingly slow. While the beef brisket I had was pretty decent (the sauce is still pretty good), I received it on a plain plate without my side (fries), a cold bun, and  no napkins. I had already finished my soda because we'd waited so long, and no refill was offered, nor did the server ask if we wanted or needed anything else.

There was no air conditioning. Fortunately, it was "only" 101 when we went.

My regular fries and my dinner-mate's sweet potato fries were received AFTER we'd finished our sandwiches. The sweet potato fries were cold, while the regular fries were hot. No ketchup or other dipping sauces were offered. The only thing on the table were salt and pepper.

We waited after our dinners were finished for more than half an hour for our bill, which finally we went to the counter to get, as the single waiter kept going back and forth past us to help other people. It was not itemized, so we had to guess at divvying it up--when we agreed to combine our bill for their convenience!

I'm sorry to see this come to this state, since we really, really, REALLY need a good BBQ place in Central Phoenix. I think someone cursed Central Phoenix in that every time we've had a good BBQ place shows up, something has always happened to close them or destroy them, as has happened here.

It's not Stacey's anymore -- and Central Phoenix is back to waiting for good BBQ.
They cooked for my church for 400 people outstanding customer service! Outstanding product! I was so impressed with Cindy and Paul!!!
Browsing through Groupon, I found Legends Caf offering up a couple different deals. After searching online, I was unable to find any solid info on the place and decided just to go ahead with purchasing the Groupon and trying it out for myself. 

The restaurant is located near the intersection of Rancho & Rainbow, just across the street from the Sante Fe Casino. They are two doors down from Dimas Tacos, inside the lot where the old movie theater used to be . The interior is kind of basic but has a nice homey, welcoming feel and they keep it very clean. There's a good amount of seating, but they offer to-go orders as well.

We were seated by one of the owners, Yvonne, who was kind enough to answer questions about the restaurant and the food. She explained that there used to be another restaurant in this location called Dirty South, which I had never heard of either. When they took over about 7 months ago, they revamped everything and changed the name. They still offer classic soul food dishes, but after investing in a new $7k smoker, smoke complaints from neighbors down the street forced them to put their BBQ efforts on hold. Apart from that setback, they still have a decent amount of items on the menu including oxtail, chitins and even an AYCE option. 

I ended up ordering the fried catfish dinner. For $12.99, you get 4 decent sized pieces of fish, 2 sides and a dinner roll. The catfish appeared to be very fresh and was cooked well with a nice tender, flaky interior. My only complaint is they were a bit heavy handed on the coating/breading, so it was slightly overpowering. The flavor was decent and not overly salty, but I think they went to light with the pepper and spices, so it lacked that slightly spicy kick I prefer in fried fish. I was also able to sample the fried chicken and even though it wasn't as crispy as I think fried chicken should be, the batter was really good and had a nice, subtle heat in it. If they do the same for the fish, it's winner, winner catfish dinner! Screw the chicken!

Ultimately, the sides are what really stood out for me here though. They have quite a few to choose from and it tastes like they put just as much love into the sides, as they do into the main dish. We ended up trying the collard greens, fried cabbage, mac 'n cheese and the potato salad. Both the greens and mac 'n cheese were some of the best versions I've had as a side at any restaurant. They do a sweet potato salad so I wasn't a huge fan of that but the fried cabbage was absolutely incredible. It's perfectly cooked with sweet, salty and spicy flavors but they throw in fresh peppers, giving it an amazing texture too.

If you're in the mood for desserts, they have a handful of homemade offerings. Unfortunately, the lady who makes peach cobbler was out of town so we didn't get to try that, but we did order some banana pudding. I could tell it was made earlier as the bananas were starting to brown and the wafers were slightly soggy, but the flavor was still very good and I wouldn't hesitate to order it again.

I'm not sure how this place has gone 7 months without making it's way on to Yelp but I sure hope they stick around. Not only do we need good spots to eat in the NW, but Yvonne and company are great. I don't drink sweet tea and even though we were the only ones in the restaurant at the time, she offered to brew unsweetened for me. Above and beyond service like that is hard to find and its much appreciated. Legends Caf will certainly be seeing me again!
The boo found this spot! I am always excited when it comes to BBQ or soul food. (Do I say that alot? I get excited about a lot of things... lol) So we decided to give it shot. I was relieved to find out it was fairly close to us. Located in the shopping center across from the Santa Fe Station Casino where a movie theater used to be. That is now replaced by a church. The Santa Fe Mining Company is in that same shopping center, just go all the way to the back. Honestly we would have never found this place just driving by. 

 Once we got in, we found ourselves to be the only ones there. I don't know why, but that always makes me nervous. Our server, who we came to find out is one of the owners, sat us wherever we wanted. It was actually quite nice being the only ones, meant VIP service ;). So after chatting a bit we found out that there was no BBQ due to complaints regarding the smoke from the smoker. So that left fried foods. I wasn't complaining, I never turn down an opportunity to try fried chicken. (not talking KFC here either) The fried chicken dinner - I opted for white meat which came with a boneless breast and 3 chicken wings. Not the traditional way, but I was going to give it a fair shot. It also came with two sides - I chose mac n cheese and potato salad. The chicken was pretty good. I do enjoy ripping it off the bone, but I found this easy and less time consuming. The breading on the chicken was golden, crispy and delicious! Now as for the sides it was 50/50. The mac n cheese was soooo good. Cheesy, gooey and flavorful. The potato salad was good, but not my cup of tea. I am one for a mustard potato salad and this was a very sweet potato salad. I had 3 or 4 bites and set it off to the side, while I picked up the side of mac and stuck my tongue down the inside of the cup to get the last bit of cheese out. It's so very hard to find good mac n cheese, so hold on to one that you find. I am very much used to getting a corn bread muffin or some type of biscuit with my meal, but this one came with a garlic ciabatta roll. Not bad. I liked the change up. So the ultimate kicker here for me is the desserts. I am probably the biggest peach cobbler fan EVER! I have yet to find that one that will leaving me with late night cravings, so I continue on the hunt. Lucky for me they have it as an option. Sadly not available when we were there. So of course I will be back to try it! We did get the opportunity to enjoy the banana pudding. It was delish. 

I left so full, my pants almost busted. I can't wait to go back and try something else, but I do hope that the complainers in this world will let us have some BBQ soon! BBQ! BBQ! BBQ!
My Hubby and  I took my Sister and Mom to eat at Legends and everyone  loved their food. I had the pork chops, potato salad, pinto beans and yams, very delicious. My Mom loved her chicken, my Sister got the catfish dinner they gave her 4 large pieces, my Hubby had the chicken wings they were great. Everything was seasoned well, and very fresh and cooked perfect. The service was great. We will be back. our bill was less than $40 for 4 people. We will be back.