I was up north in the Cave Creek area on business yesterday and stopped by this Hot Dog stand.  What a wonderful surprise! 

The Hot Dog Guy, Jerry Vicena is indeed from Chicagoland and has a good understanding on how to make and serve a tasty dog.  But, he's not just a one trick pony with his Chicago Red Hots.  He also serves a Coney Island dog, a Polish, a East Coaster, etc.  All were very good from what the folks around me said, as we sat and ate while enjoying the cool sunny day up north. 

I would definitely, definitely come back or make a special trip to this Hot Dog Guy!  Nice job, Jerry!  You do Chi-caw-go proud!
Stopped by Hot Dog Guy after a hike today. He was located on Cave Creek Road in front of El Encanto's market. I had a Chicago Dog and hubby had a Wild West Wiener. The bill was less than $10 and the dogs were tasty. He uses Vienna Beef dogs and nice, fluffy poppy seed buns from Basha's. The Chicago Dog had lots of tomatoes, a pickle spear and some good sport peppers. The Wild West Wiener had BBQ sauce, bacon, and Frito's corn chips.

I will definitely stop by again for fast, cheap, good food!
Oh, how I have missed Chicago Dogs since moving here.  They were good, although one of my buns had a hard bottom.  He claims he bakes them fresh everyday.  The celery salt really made the dog and most of my buns were moist.  I did miss having fresh cut fries...not quite Gene and Judes...but close.
Great place for a dog!  We live in Indiana and go see him when we are in Scottsdale.  Nice to keep locals in business!
Great hot dogs, great service, and he even takes debit if you're out of cash!
Hey - All the local construction guys eat here - so you he has good quality stuff at low prices.
Nice assortment of different Hot dogs.
I was really craving a Chicago dog knew just the place to go have never been disappointed had 2 of them
Being from Chicago, I know a good hot dog.  When a friend from New York who lived in Cave Creek told us about the "Hot Dog Guy" and that he serves top-notch NY- and Chicago-style dogs, we knew we had to go.  Finding out that Jerry is a fellow Chicagoan and knows how a dog should taste was quite a happy feeling.  The Coney was phenomenal.  At the risk of sounding blasphemous--the Polish was better than Portillos'.  No fooling.  AND the best part is--you get $1 off your 2nd dog!  So, of course, we got another Polish.  Very pleasant ambiance and quick service--closed my eyes and felt like I was "home" again.  Chicagoans or New Yorkers--please stop by and give him your business.  And anybody else who appreciates a great hot dog--for that matter!!!!!
Friendly friendly service, this woman is great! She's always happy and will even give you extra miso soup if she has extras that day.

The futo-maki roll with cooked salmon, fried egg, shiitake mushroom spinach, and carrot is amazing.
great food! awseome friendly service. everything(hot) is home-made (YUM!), also sushi trays & drinks. Specials vary daily, I love the curry, but everythings good to me. A large will give me plenty for some lunxh and then save the rest for dinner. The operators are Japanese, so the cooking is very authentic and yummy, but I lived in Japan for a while so I am biased. They are really friendly there, knew me by face after 2 visits, & help me with conversational Japanese a lot while still having fast (under 1min)service time; whih is vital if rushing to catch the bus or between class. I've never had a bad meal there and only dissapointment is when they've run out of whatever I craved early, but thats hardly thier fault. Remember to get there early if you want to be sure to get your large stew or curry or your favorite, sometimes they do sell out. Also, if chopaticks arent visible, just ask; they have them. 
Im not sure if its still there as I havent been in a while, but ask about getting a card: You put your name on it, it gets marked each time(You may need to remember to get it from the box), after X orders, free lunch! 
If you dont see it right away, look for the origami cranes. Thats it, ittadakimasu!
This Japanese food cart on Library Mall is a delight. It's one of my go-tos when it appears on the mall, and it should be one of yours. There are always three specials that rotate, as well as consistent salmon and other types of big hand-rolled sushi rolls. 

I absolutely love their Japanese curry, whether it's beef or chicken. Japanese curry can be tough to find in a restaurant setting, which is a shame because it's so delicious. I like Zen Sushi's style, which means the sauce is thick, brown and a little sweet with an undercurrent of heat. It contains meat, potatoes, green beans, carrot, and corn on top of rice. You can get it in a small or large size, as well as with the other specials ($5-7). The chicken donburi was really good, too. I've only had the sushi rolls once and wasn't wowed, but that was a year ago and maybe they're better than I remember. The cart has Pepsi products for beverages.

What makes this cart shine is its exceptional customer service. The lady always makes me feel like she remembers me, always smiling with pleasant conversation, asks if I'd like chopsticks or a fork with a bag, and she's happy to check off the little customer card when I come through. She's wonderful.

This cart isn't the most consistent on Library Mall. Sometimes it's there daily for a few weeks, and then it will disappear for a few weeks or months on end. So, grab 'em while you can.
End of last summer, I was standing in a long line behind a pregnant woman. When she made it to the window, it was apparent that she only had a credit card, no cash.  It was hot, the cart popular, and the pregnant woman had that exhausted look, but the kind proprietor said, " oh free, no charge!" I was impressed ( I was going though my wallet to cover her meal too). And the food is terrific!
For those who don't know, Zen Sushi is a food cart that usually parks itself, with all the other carts, in the Memorial Library pedestrian mall - the block of State Street immediately west of Lake Street.  Zen Sushi, and all the other carts, are generally there between 11-2 Monday-Friday.

And it is one of my favorites.

When it shows up.

Pro tip:  Check the cart's Facebook page before heading down there.  They're prone to absences and likely won't show up at all if it's raining, windy, cool, etc.  They also disappear for days/weeks at a time, but they're pretty good at updating Facebook to indicate their whereabouts and the day's specials.

Despite the cart's unpredictable presence, the food and service are great.  The sushi is fresh and delicious, but where the cart absolutely shines are the Japanese stews.  The traditional Japanese curries (not as spicy and a totally different vibe than Indian or SE Asian curries) are wonderful, and the Nagasaki Chicken stew with crunchy noodles is probably one of my favorite cart items ever.  In addition, the woman who staffs the cart is probably the friendliest, most polite person in the world.  

Pro tip #2.  Show up early!  I've showed up around 12:30-1pm to find the cart already closed for the day.  Not their fault at all, the food is great and they're popular!
Went here for lunch today. I got the Greek Wrap with pesto tofu (hold the olives, please!); delicious! $5 for the wrap, $2 more for two sides and a drink. They seem to be emphasizing organic and natural food and they gave me a compostable plastic bag to hold everything when I asked. 

Better value and food than Subway (the next closest place to get a sanwich) hands down.
I don't dole out 5 stars very often, and even rarer for only having one item off their menu--but it's worth your time and money to come to this food stand if you're a UW student, staff or faculty member.

The food is fresh, good, and healthy without sacrificing anything on taste. The woman who took my order today was lively and nice--exactly what you'd want your service to be like.

I had a honey mustard chicken wrap and it's a very simple dish. Literally, just some lettuce, some cucumbers (or pickles--couldn't tell the difference), and some chicken with honey mustard in a wrap. But the wrap was a good portion size (especially for $5), filling, and delicious! The chicken was incredibly moist and tender, which made it all the tastier.

I'll most definitely be back. Especially as someone who wants to lose some weight, Good Food is great for that quick to-go food without feeling guilty.

Just a head's up though: Good Food only takes cash and is open from 11am-2pm. But if you can get in during that time, sosososo worth it.
Delicious and FAST! Unique flavors on traditional wraps. I love the homemade balsamic vin on the greek hummus wrap. And you must Try the thai tofu - the peanut sauce is so good.
Good Food is amazing! We need more places that realize that customers WANT to eat healthily. Good Food provides healthy and tasty food at a great price and in a convenient manner- right off the street! The owner is awesome and is always working to make new tasty creations for her customers. The ingredients are always fresh and local too! I had a tasty salad and my boyfriend grabbed a bag of trail mix. There are always wraps available and new soups all the time, yummy!
The temperature on my car's dashboard read 97 degrees as I pulled up to the capitol square hungry for lunch to go.  I definitely wasn't looking for a steaming bowl of chili.  I stumbled upon good food for no other reason that it happened to be close to where I parked my car.  Browsing the menu, it hit me how delicious a wrap or a salad would be on this scorching hot summer day.  

The thai tofu sounded excellent and a woman standing next to me was chowing down a wrap filled with a very generous portion of the stuff.  I asked her how it was and she started raving about how much she loves the thai tofu and gets it all the time.  She loved it so much that she couldn't even take a break from eating, instead describing it to me as she went at it.  But, I was torn.  A salad called strawberry love was calling my name.  I had to try it, and let me just say, I'm in love with strawberry love.  This was hands down one of best salads I have ever had in my life.  I was nervous about a salad from a cart given the searing temperatures, but the mixed greens were crisp and fresh.   Now, a salad can only be a great meal if it is a) big, and b) has lots of stuff in it.  This one certainly fit the bill.  The salad completely filled the large bowl it came in along with my stomach once the bowl was empty.    Generous portions of feta cheese, sliced strawberries, and crunchy roasted almonds meant this was no boring salad.  I elected not to have red onions.  There were several protein options, and I went with the chicken, which was piled high on top.  Dressing was a house made vinaigrette and it was excellent.  You won't find something with this much flavor on a shelf at woodman's.  I requested very light dressing and to have the salad tossed.  This was done correctly and quickly with a smile.  I got all of this for about $7 and they even take credit card!

As I ate my salad, the owner, Melanie emerged from her trailer to talk to me about her food.  It's obvious that she is passionate about what she is doing.  A lot of businesses use buzzwords like local, organic, natural, etc. for marketing purposes.  For Melanie, it's not just a buzzword; it's a way of life.  She knows about the farmers where she sources her produce.  She cares about the miles her food travels not only because of its impact on the environment but also because lettuce that travels less is crisper; locally sourced strawberries picked at the peak of perfection instead of ripened in a refrigerator car are sweeter.  The chickens themselves, the farmers who raise them, the employees who prepare them, and the customers who eat them; Melanie cares about her food chain every step of the way.  It goes way beyond mere marketing.  The end result is a cart that has a misnomer name.  Good Food isn't good; it's spectacular!  I will certainly be back very soon (I still gotta try that thai tofu!) and I would highly recommend this place to anyone who asked.
The chicken tortilla soup was beyond incredible.

The staff was friendly, efficient, and good-looking.
Heck yeah! This little food cart is sooo delicious! The Sweet Thai Chili wrap is definitely worth trying! Also, the soups are fantastic to warm you on a cold day. There is always a line, so get there early. Also, you can order a super huge container to take some home with you! The Vegan Dahl is one of my favorites!
This is my go-to food cart in Madison.  The food is delicious, the veggies crisp and tasty.

The sweet Thai chili is my favorite (as wrap or salad), but everything I've tried is good.

What soups I've had are fantastic.  My only complaint is that you need to arrive early (by noon?) if you want a chance to get some.
I tried the Good Food cart at New Belgium's Brewery's Clips of Faith event at Olin Park. I have to say, Good Food was great!

I tried the Sweet Thai Chili wrap. As other Yelpers have mentioned, it's definitely worth trying. Sometimes I'm wary of wraps because they can be too dry and have too much tortilla, but this wrap had a nice amount filling and sauce, and I didn't have to rip off half the tortilla like I usually do with a wrap. It was very flavorful and I could tell that the ingredients were very fresh. The addition of fresh basil leaves was a nice surprise! 

I will definitely check out Good Food again!
Reading another Yelper's review reminded me that I just had my first opportunity to sample Mel's munchies (Melanie owns the Good Food Cart)!

Kudo's to the GFC crew for feeding the masses that attended Clips of Faith. Last year's food offerings were a colossal disaster; lines were a mile long and the food wasn't anything to write home about. All of that changed in 2013, thanks to Good Food Cart! 

The menu looked awesome; I basically threw a mental dart at the chalkboard and selected the Sweet Thai Chili Wrap, to which I added chicken. It was priced extremely fair and was ready in no time. They have an awesome system in place; no confusion, no mistakes, and truly speedy.

The wrap was stuffed full - and by stuffed, I mean shut-the-front-door-stuffed. Uber fresh and tasty ingredients; the lettuce was crunchy and crisp. The shredded carrot was slightly sweet and crunchy. The sauce was flavorful, with just a touch of heat. The peanut sauce was an excellent addition, as was the basil. And the chicken was superb - super high quality, and cooked perfectly, with nary a dry piece in the entire wrap.

Wonderful stuff. I wish I worked closer to downtown so that I could visit GFC on a regular basis. I will definitely seek them out whenever I'm in the area!
Overview: Preachy, but tasty. 

Hits: Black bean hummus wrap/salad.  Perfect flavor balance.

Misses: Long lines at prime lunch time....but that is a good sign. 

Hints: You can bypass the line and have it delivered.
Fantastic!! There are several food carts to choose from around the Capitol and this one by far is the BEST! Whether you want a wrap, salad or soup, vegetarian, gluten-free or even vegan they have what you are hungry for! The Black bean hummus wrap/salad is my favorite. They also have sides to pick from. If you want something salty they have baked chips or if you are looking for something a little more healthy they have fresh fruit. Don't forget the afternoon snack and get one of their "Just Baked Cookies". There usually is a long line but that is just because they are so popular for lunch! If you have an office luncheon I would recommend their catering! Next time you are in Madison around the capitol square looking for a healthy tasty lunch try the Good Food Cart. You will not be disappointed!
So good!  Very efficient service, good customer service.I got the Buffalo chicken wrap. It was delicious definitely going back.
Delicious food and great service.  My friend came specifically for the loaded baked potato soup today but they were all out...except for a spoonful at the bottom of the bowl which they dressed up nicely with fixings and gave to my friend - her day was made.
Used her as a catering company at the last minute for a large group of diverse eaters.  The food was delicious and the service was great.  I would highly recommend Good Food and would use them again anytime.
Best food cart in the city.  I am so lucky that it is parked right outside my building downtown.  Sweet Thai Chili Wrap sandwich is AMAZING!  The soups are absolutely delicious.
DAT SWEET THAI CHILI WRAP DOE. I don't know what they put in that sauce, but it may as well be crack. 

Whole grain tortilla. Baked tofu, Mixed veggies (greens, tomato, red onion, cucumber, shredded carrots). Fresh basil. Fresh cilantro. Sweet chili sauce and peanut sauce. IT'S LIKE A 1980'S RAVE IN MY MOUTH.

Bonus fact: Good Food delivers. I don't even have to get out of my pajamas to enjoy this deliciousness. Score.
I'm with Izzy D! 
(Natch.) 
Their Sweet Thai Chili Wrap is probably one of my favorite things on the menu (when temps are warmer and they're not serving chicken and dumpling soup that is). That sauce... ohhhhhhhhhhh that sauce! I sort of want to ask them for extra so I can dip my delicious wrapped pleasure into a big bowl of the tangy sweet stuff, but I don't want to take too much if it off their hands, nobody else would be able to enjoy it.

I go sans red onion (you can pretty much personalize any wrap, any salad, anyway) which means my whole grain wrap packs fresh greens, tomatoes, cucumber, carrots, chicken (though you can sub tofu), cilantro, probably some things I'm forgetting because ALL I CAN THINK ABOUT IS THAT SAUCE! It's delicious, and I feel good about eating it. 

Now as part of their Power Lunch option, you can get a smaller version of your favorite wrap or salad with a side of fruit for $7. That's sort of insane when you consider it's great fruit. Not lame ass melon, but raspberries, grapes, blackberries, watermelon, pineapple...! 

Don't be afraid if you spot the cart and the line looks long, they move quick! I think I waited 6 minutes today for my lunch, not bad when you consider it was prepared fresh to order with stellar ingredients. Add to this the fact that they deliver, and there's really no reason to not give them a whirl sometime soon. 

Lovely people and flavorful food. 

Good food!
I eat here regularly and have never had anything that wasn't delicious. And the staff are super-friendly. It's always crowded, but they're pretty quick considering the crowd. My favorites are the Strawberry Love Salad and the Buffalo Chicken Salad. Their soups are delightful as well.
I cannot get enough of Good Food.  I have tried many items on the menu and have always absolutely loved them.  Favorites include the Strawberry Love salad/wrap and the Thai Chili wrap/salad. 

A healthy food truck option on the square with the highest quality, fresh ingredients is so refreshing.  

I look forward to days when I forget my lunch or want something different - I usually get a Good Food salad and eat outside in the summer, there is nothing better.  So tasty. 

Also, the owner is SO NICE!!!  Service is quick so don't let the long line fool you - it speaks to how loved it is!
Ahhh, Roach Coach - how far we've come!
These days, Phoenix is finally starting to get the hint that GOOD food on mobile trucks can work - and work well!

My first introduction to Jamburritos was at the Great Cajun Cookoff and Food Fest.  I would have written about the gumbo - but as I was on the planning committee for the event, thought it would be a conflict of interest.  And, by the time things slowed down enough for me to actually eat that day, only a handful of the restaurants still had food.  I didn't want to skip kudos to a great place just becuase I was too slow in getting there.  That said...the experience I had that day was certainly good enough to get my attention.  I "liked" them on Facebook and have had a great lunch with them that past 2 days.

I saw the Facebook update that the truck would be at the Ford dealership on Camelback  yesterday and today.  I made plans with Kim T to meet for lunch today...but I couldn't wait!

Yesterday I tried the special - 2 catfish po boy sliders.  Nice fresh rolls, perfect remoulade, shredded lettuce, 2 good sized cornmeal breaded catfish filets fried to perfection and a dollop of black bean salsa.  YUM!  Adding hot sauce made it perfect.  The only problem (which I was sure to share with them today), I took the platter home, left it on the table for just a minute to get a drink...and my dog Layla stole one of the catfish filets!  So - not Jamburritos fault at all, but I was left a bit hungry.

Today I met Kim T.  She had the K-sadilla with fried eggplant, I had the steak jamburrito.  We were both happy campers!  Her K-sadilla was enormous, and had to be eaten with a fork.  There was just so much good stuff in there, the tortilla never could have held up!  The steak jamburrito was HUGE, and filled with chopped steak, slices of andouille sausage, rice, beans, cabbage and cheese.  Every bite was amazing...but did I mention it was HUGE?  It's seven hours later, and I am not even interested in dinner.

Prices are VERY low for the quality and quantity of food received.  Yesterday's special was $3.99, the highest on the menu, I believe, is $6.99.  I could be wrong about that...it may be the $5.99, which was the price of my burrito.  

Fresh, hot, delicious food and WONDERFUL people in the truck!
Mark Brown, the owner, came out to chat with us - before we even got our food, we were made to feel like family.  (Meant in the good way!)

Definitely worth finding on Facebook or following on Twitter to see where they'll be serving up next!
My endless quest for righteous food truck grubble has collided headfirst with my search for great Cajun food! I first sampled some of Jamburritos offerings at the 2010 Great Cajun Cook-Off and Food Fest and was thrilled to find out that they would soon launch their food truck in the Phoenix Metro Area.

A mission was hatched to track down this mysterious Mexican-Cajun fusion food truck for a Friday lunch treat. I tried to plan ahead and noted their posted location on their website as a Ford dealership on Camelback. I talked this outing up quite a bit amongst my co-workers to prepare them for our Friday lunch field trip. However, when I checked their website on the day of our food truck picnic, they had changed locations to the Phoenix Public Market food court (on Central Ave & Pierce St). This was actually great news... since it was within walking distance from work!

I ordered the signature Jamburrito (jambalaya wrapped in a tortilla, burrito-style), but with Cajun-spiced beefsteak instead of chicken (which is traditionally included in jambalaya). The portions were fairly enormous and filling. I found my jamburrito to be a bit oily and salty, but it was still damn good! They offered a selection of Louisiana hot sauces to zip up your dish... but it is plenty spicy without it. I am a bit of a hot sauce freak, so I borrowed one of their condiment bottles for our table and added it dropwise to nearly every bite.

My co-workers were pleased with my lunchtime suggestion. We topped off this indulgence with another... a Crème Brûlée from the Torched Goodness truck--but that is for another review. I'm looking forward to more Food Truck Fridays at the Downtown Phoenix Public Market, and I hope that Jamburritos continues to be part of this exciting new Phoenix food trend!
After having read Chris B's review and then seeing them later the next day at the Wednesday evening Phoenix Market I decided to give them a try.  
Initially looking and the Cajun Steak Jamburrito, after talking to the chef I decided to just go with the Cajun Steak Jambalaya bowl ($5.99). While waiting I was given a hush puppy to sample...light and crispy just like I like 'em.  Contemplating getting an order I figured it would be too much food. 
 I received my bowl of savory rice mixed with some veggies like peas, corn, carrot topped with a portion of spicy steak and some slices of sausage.  It was very much comfort food.  I did have to put a generous sprinkle of hot sauce to add a touch more heat and flavor but it was a very welcome addition.  
While it didn't knock my socks or wow me, it reminded me of a few things I whip up at home now and again. I left content, full and happy I tried a new food truck.
If I wasn't married I might ask the chef to marry me! This is the first time that I've had a simple salad and liked so much I actually ate the whole thing.  I don't usually eat salad when out as I tend to splurge but I really needed something fresh that day. So while my husband ordered the steak burrito I got the cajun steak salad. It was a very simple salad, romaine, cheese, steak, tomatoes.  But this was exactly why this was so good the chef used  simple fresh ingredients, nothing overly complicated here except for the perfectly spiced steak which is what took this salad to a five star review. WOW amazing flavor.  My husband loved his steak jamburrito and couldn't control letting everyone know about it.  We went back a week later and were so impressed we are now contemplating becoming Jamburrito stalkers! We will definitely be back!  Thanks Chef Great fusion cooking. -
The fried catfish is to DIE FOR!  Simple but delicious...i go back specifically for that and the hush puppies.  It's a good portion for the right price.
I've been checking out the different food trucks at Phoenix Public Market's Food Truck Fridays. 

Note: Be ready for a wait at all of the trucks. But on a beautiful spring afternoon, it's not a bad thing. 

Today I tried Jamburritos for the first time. They had an interesting and wide selection of items, from fried catfish to creole chicken quesadillas. I chose the chicken K-Tacos. Three spicy chicken street tacos with cabbage and black bean salsa. Wow. Great flavor. Enough spice to clean out my sinuses without fear of burning my taste buds. 

The guy taking orders was cheerful and pleasant. I also enjoyed the variety of beverages available. I chose a Tamarind soda. Yum. I'm looking forward to trying more items on the menu before Food Truck Friday ends when the heat rises.
My sister lives in Austin where food trucks are on almost every corner, so when I heard the trucks were coming to Phoenix, I was super psyched!! My co workers and I headed down on Friday around 1pm. The trucks are parked close to my school, so we got there quickly, and there was tons of parking, and no lines to wait in. When we arrived, there was such a variety, I wasn't sure what to pick. We tried to find a money machine, but realized, to our delight, most of the truck accept credit. I chose to go to Jamburritos and did not regret my choice. I order the jambalaya and it was awesome! The dish was spicy and delicious! I will return and this time, my choice will not be difficult; I will go to Jamburritos!
Mike,

Awesome concept, excellent food I would stop and give it a try especially if your tired of your everyday burrito roach coach. It beats what any other coach has to offer. The Burrito is awesome, but the quesadilla is the best
Because I always have to copy off of my sister AB, I should toss up a review of Jamburritos as well (especially since I was the one who told her about the food trucks!). 

The addition of the food trucks to Downtown has been fantastic. There are some solid spots near the ASU campus, but adding 4-6 trucks every Friday really livens up the options. However, I have been pretty boring, because 4 out of 5 times I have went there, Jamburritos and the chicken jamburrito has been my choice. I can explain though; it's freaking awesome.

First off, the service with Jamburritos is quick and very friendly. I always walk my food back to the office (I'm SO dedicated to my job), and the truck wraps up my deliciousness. More importantly, the chicken jamburrito is basically amazing. I am always a fan of non-Mexican food in burritos (the blackened chicken burrito from California Tortilla is one of the best I have ever had), so a jambalaya burrito was a perfect idea. The chicken and sausage are always perfectly cooked and extremely succulent, and the dirty rice really adds some flavor to the meal. For $6, it is hard to beat Jamburritos, so try 'em out!
Terrific, authentically prepared Cajun food.

We stopped by the Phoenix Public Market yesterday to check out Food Truck Fridays.  It was almost 2 p.m. and they were getting ready to close so after quickly surveying the six trucks, we decided on Jamburritos.

We ordered the chicken and okra gumbo and the fried catfish special.  Both were awesome.  The gumbo was a fairly large portion that was rich, flavorful and chock full of sausage, chicken and okra.  Absolutely delicious and a steal at five bucks.  The catfish was completely non-greasy and cooked perfectly, served with rice and greens.

Highly recommended.
Solid 4.5 stars.  

I, like the review by Jeff F., stopped in for Food Truck Friday on 4-22-2011 and had almost the same thing he had:   the chicken and okra gumbo and the fried catfish SANDWICH special.  

Both were definitely super-tasty.  

The gumbo was a $5, decently large portion that was yummy, not overly salty, and full of large chunks of chicken and okra and sausage with a saucy white rice base.  I was amazed at the sheer number of chunks of meat or okra - it never ended, all the way to the last scrape of the paper-lined cardboard bowl.

The catfish in the sandwich was coated with your basic cornmeal batter, served on buttered Texas toast, with some kind of mayo sauce and lettuce and tomatoes.  It was large enough that I saved half of it for part of  my breakfast on Saturday.  I'd like to add that the catfish fillet was VERY THICK.  One of the thickest catfish cuts I have seen in this town.

One of the best uses of $10 I have seen in a while.  Worth the money, tasty as all get-out, and a signal that eating again off this truck is in my future.
"Wow, this is better than Chipotle!" my friend said, before I had the urge to deliver a swift kick to her face.

"That's not saying much at all!" I replied in disgust. There is NOTHING I can compare this to. Basically, it's 'Creole' food wrapped in a tortilla, or made in a quesadilla, or in a bowl by itself. I thought the idea of chicken + andouille sausage in a wrap wouldn't work, but I was proven wrong bite after bite. I haven't bought from a food truck in years, and I think I'm gonna follow this one around for a while. 

5 stars because it's better than I expected, and there's nothing I would change. Delicious!
Maybe it was an off day, but I thought the food today was not very good at all. The BF and I each got a 'k sadilla,' I got the steak and he got the chicken. Maybe this item isn't the best thing to get here... I don't know. It was soggy and had waaaay too much cheese. The steak was chewy and flavorless despite being labelled as 'cajun.' The k sadilla had cabbage in it.... but the cabbage wasn't cut at all... there were huge pieces of it in this thing. Overall, the flavor was off putting (and I like Cajun food), it was greasy, and the whole thing fell apart while trying to eat it. I would not get this again, not when there are 3 other very good choices in the same parking lot (the bbq, the hot dogs, and the grilled cheese).
Coming from Portland just a few weeks ago, it was a surprise to hear of Phoenix's entry into the Food Cart/Truck arena. We received an email telling us of a close location (Whole Foods, Scottsdale) that we could experience the things we have come to enjoy and love. Quick, gourmet plates of saucy goodness with just the right amount of spice and flavor that would make us talk about the trucks for weeks, counting the days until they rolled onto that welcoming asphalt off Raintree Drive again. Being a lover of the tastes and smells of New Orleans, I opted to try Jamburritos Cajun Grille Express. Note now that the temperature was 106, high noon, standing on black asphalt. 

I ordered the hush puppies and a Chicken Jamburrito. Wash it down with a tasty beverage and I would have been set. The "Express" part of the name in my opinion should be dropped. Many of us waited over 30 minutes to get our food, some people just getting a simple Chicken K-Taco plate. As I waited, to my horror, I saw a prepackaged frozen bag of hush puppies heading to some vat. Maybe they have a hush-puppy machine at home? I was expecting hand rolled pup's like mom used to make. Instead, over fried golf balls. By the time I got my The Jambirrito, it was soft, oozy and a little cold. The flavors that I expected to explode my senses tasted like they took a little McCormick Cajun Seasoning and kicked it up a bit with some cayenne pepper. I really wasn't tasting anything that I would associate with jambalaya, and thought the chicken may have been a little undercooked. The cheese was simple melted pepper jack, and the lettuce wilted. Waiting in the hot Arizona sun for 30 minutes only added to the disaster we called lunch. Had it been the best damn meal I had all week, I would have instantly forgotten the wait.  I give Jamburrito's 3 stars for trying something new and being on the forefront of the Phoenix Food Truck scene, but am giving them a single star for efficiency and taste.
I may be a midwest-raised boy (Indiana), but I LOVE cajun/spicy food; the hotter the better. This place (truck) manages to help me get my heat fix and still have a TON of flavor. 

Came across Jamburritos at the Phoenix Public Farmers' Market on a Saturday morning. Now with all those food options around (Hey Joe, Short Leash, etc.) you may ask what made me pick this one (besides the heat); Catfish! I hadn't had catfish (scratch that, good catfish) in quite sometime. 

I had a couple options for the catfish; grilled or fried/sandwich or bowl. Over a couple of visits, I have all the combinations. There is no wrong way to have Chef Michael Brown's catfish. 

The catfish was perfect, and what I mean by that is: 
- Perfectly cooked, tender and flaky 
- spiced perfectly (wife finds it a little hot for her, but still tastes so good she is willing to endure) :) 

If they don't have the catfish, I usually go for a chicken jamburrito with rice, andouille sausage, pepper jack cheese, and lettuce. The make a great red/hot sauce you can put on any of the menu and kick the heat up a notch. 

Lastly, can't forget to mention the hushpuppies. I consider myself a foodie, but I eat these little deep-fried puffs so fast that I don't take anytime to figure out what is in them. I know for sure though, they are NOT like any hushpuppies you have had before (oh so good). 

Phoenix Public Market on Saturday mornings or 
Phoenix Public Market for Mobile food court on Wednesday 4-8pm. 

check them out!!
Really good fried catfish!  I was not really fond of catfish until I tried Jamburrito's way of serving it. The jambalaya rice makes the perfect accompaniment for the crunchy delight. The people serving the food are very friendly and the total experience definitely makes Food Truck Fridays a weekly event to look forward to.
Let's just say, if Jamburritos had a creepy song that played loudly from their truck and cruised around residential areas on the regular, I'd be running barefoot down the street with my mom's change purse in hand. 

Honestly, who would even mourn the demise of the ice cream truck with the evolution of the Creolexican truck? 

P.S. If you had the nerve to say, "me"... Well, I couldn't even hear you over the pleasant crunching of my Jamburritos hushpuppies anyway.
I was lucky enough to score a big plate of jambalaya from the Sun City Festival event on Saturday, Nov 12.  The flavors were fabulous and it had just to right amount of kick!  Can't say how delightfully surprising it was to find all the sausage and big hunks of chicken... Quality + quantity= AWESOME!!!!  Run now and find that elusive Jamburrito truck!!!
Went to Food Truck Friday for the first time and after 10 min of reading every food truck menu, I decided on Jamburritos mainly because I was in the mood for some hushpuppies. I was eyeing the chicken jambalaya in a bowl, but then I saw a grilled catfish sandwich go by and changed my mind instantly. I was so happy with my dish. The fish was flaky and full of spices. The hushpuppies were to die for! And even the Fanta was a nice add to the greasy, yet yummy dish that I had. I love this food truck craze and I hope it sticks around. I still need to try Hey Joe Filipino and the Torch food place.
1st time experience ... very positive. Great atmosphere, high energy, a little bit of a wait but that was expected. Seafood Gumbo was very good only surprise was the use of Fried Catfish bits (vs shrimp or scallop) but it fits with the rest of the menu offerings. Very tasty, use of Okra was great to see, just a bite of of spice for my taste, so I did add more from selection of Hot Sauces available. Pricing was reasonable for the portion. Service staff were friendly, fast and accurate. Overall ambiance at Public Market also good, clean with people coming around to help clear tables, area was packed so seating at a premium but everyone looked to be having a good time, very much like a street fair. Looking to go back soon
Jamburritos is like an ice cream truck for adults. I was fortunate enough to encounter my newest addiction at the Phoenix Food Truck Festival.

The Jambalaya burrito had the perfect blend of heat and spices. The catfish is expertly breaded and fried. The hushpuppies were delightfully fluffy, moist balls of crackalicious magic. I honestly had not considered the potential of Creolexian until now. I'm fairly convinced Jamburrito can do no wrong.

I wish these guys lived in my neighborhood so that I could conveniently drop by for dinner. Phoenix needs a fleet of these trucks so that I can happily grow fat.
It's pre Saint Patrick's day and everyone in the building is eating corned beef and cabbage. I think corned beef tastes like Alpo smells and cabbage gives me bubble guts so I opt out for Cajun.  I stroll up Central Avenue soft breeze in my face sun kissed all the way and I pass a couple friends returning from where I'm heading, Food Truck Friday, oh yeah!

The Jamburrito truck had the longest line of the fleet which only made my cravings for Cajun much-more stronger. I was torn between the chicken jambalaya bowl and the fried catfish jamburritto. The guy ahead of me in line was raving about the catfish and that was all the indirect intervention I needed to make my decision. The fried catfish jamburrito is a girthy handful and loaded with chunks of freshly fried catfish, jambalaya rice, Cajun tartar, black bean salsa, shredded jack cheese and shredded lettuce.  I call it Cajun Gold!  I added on an order of hushpuppies because I'm cool like that.
High B+ to the chef! My worst complaint is that the portions were so HUGE! The flavors were good and spice heat just about perfect. One member of our group complained about too much "Italian Seasoning" taste, but the rest of us yelled him down - can't please everyone. Should have tried these guys months ago!
The taste of Louisiana literally on the go!  Being only a little more than a year removed from a Mardi Gras trip to New Orleans, this truck brought back some fun memories I thought I had drunk away.  Jamburrito's is a regular staple at Food Truck Fridays at the Phoenix Public Market, and on my latest visit to the weekly roach coach festival (I say that lovingly) I decided it was finally time I give it a try.

I had to go with a catfish jamburrito.  In addition to the menu saying it was famous, the uniqueness warranted a try.  Catfish jambalaya wrapped up in a burrito, how do you go wrong with some cajun-mexican fusion?  The catfish is cooked well and the spices are hot!  The hot sauce served on the side only makes the dish better!  The lone issue I had with the catfish jamburrito was the cheese.  Every time I got a bite of cheese and fish together, it just didn't taste right.  Despite the culinary faux pas; For just $8, it comes in a very generous portion which will fill you up for the rest of the day.  I probably should have stopped after eating half, but I wanted to get my money's worth!

Another cool thing about Jamburrito's.  It's not a cash only truck.  They take credit card, and will text you a receipt if you desire.
Living in Louisiana, you always want to have something that reminds you of your childhood.  Well, Jamburritos also brought some innovation to the table too for the new age/ adult in me.  I went to the Great Cajun Cookoff and was amazed at what I tasted.  Red Beans and Rice and Jambalaya intertwined into burritos/tacos?  Also, the Catfish was cooked to perfection too.  I just wanted to tip my hat off to this express truck and excited to try something else on their menu!
Yum.
You should try this.
I split the steak Jamburitto with my husband ( and still had leftovers for lunch)  and the very friendly man taking our order urged us to get the hush puppies.  Glad we listened 'cause Yum.  Really liked the hush puppies.
Oh yes, you gotta go here on Food Truck Friday! The guys are so friendly and they play the best music too. Super blues-y, Creole, Old Louisana style. Had the longest line so you know it's worth it! Their glass coke bottles are the tall ones so you get your moneys worth too. I got the Chicken Jamburrito and couldn't finish the whole thing in one setting. This is a big deal because I'm a midwestern girl and you always finish your meal out there. 

Highly recommend anything with their creole sauce or cheese, just melts in with the rest of the ingredients!
If you see this truck in town you need to run it down and experience this wonderful cajun goodness that is run and owned by Chef Brown. If you have trouble finding this truck around town, you'll have no trouble finding it at Food Truck Fridays. (Additional Info. below).

Chef Brown's truck is infamous for its legendary Jamburrito. Legend has it that the Jamburrrito is  jambalaya wrapped in a tortilla. Intrigued by what I had heard about this Southwest Cajun Fusion, I had to experience it for myself, and I took my husband along for the ride. Just like Indiana Jones looking for the lost arch, we journeyed downtown to Food Truck Fridays on a quest for the Jamburrito.

We discovered the Jamburrito three Fridays ago, and have returned often.The truck serves up food that is fresh, addictive, top quality, reasonably priced, and packed with a lot of punch. You're left full and satisfied because of the cajun flavors and portions. I can see why this truck was given high marks in AZ, and was almost selected for the Great Food Truck Race on the Food Network!!

Recommendations: 

CHICKEN or GRILLED CATFISH JAMBURRITO
We usually order the chicken or grilled catfish jamburrito and some hushpuppies. Oh my gosh!! Heaven in our mouths. One of the things I am particular about are tortillas, and the tortillas Chef Brown uses are spot on. While eating the Jamburrito I felt like I had one foot in New Orleans, and the other in Texas. 

BELGIAN WAFFLES AND BUFFALO WINGS
This order includes one waffle, three buffalo wings, and some hushpuppies with dipping sauce. Best waffle and wings ever!!!! The waffle is crisp and is dusted with bacon and powdered sugar that can be dipped in syrup. Yummy!!!! The wings don't look like your typical wing. They look like mini lamb chops with a little bone sticking out. The wings are meaty, juicy, and have a crispy skin. The wings are placed in a rubb and sauce. Amazing!!! Oh my gosh!!!! My mouth is watering while I type this up.

Stop reading...go and visit..and tell him that Tenisha says hi!!!


Additional Info:
The truck is a part of a food truck coalition that can be found  in the Phoenix Public Market Parking Lot on Fridays from 11am-1:30pm and Saturdays from 8am-Noon. 

14 E. Pierce/721 N. Central
(NE corner of Central Avenue and Pierce Street)
Jambalya= Cajun stew, usually good but not very accessible or common (at least not in AZ)
Burrito= kinda good, some people love them, I think they're usually too big and unwieldy...just give me some tacos or an enchilda

Jamburrito=....Out.of.this.World! 

Tried it at Food Truck Fridays and man was it worth the wait and $. It was $9 for a chicken Jamburrito, hushpuppies and a soda. Not bad, and you get a lot of bang for your buck. I only finished half and am still full 3 hours later. At the same time, it wasn't as overwhelming to me as a Chipotle burrito. Maybe because they cut it in half so I can easily save the other half for later.

Anyway, this is one of those fusions that just works. It's a great tortilla and good jambalya, and together they combine for a really tasty and unique meal.
J and I decided to go to First Friday, just for the sake of trying out the food trucks!  We discovered the little gem, Jamburritos!!  

$6 Chicken Jamburrito = tasty and very filling!!  :) And more than enough food to feed both J and myself.  I will say though, that the burrito could have been rolled a little tighter. 
$2 hush puppies = Super tasty!!!

The jamburrito had a nice little kick of spice to it.  Very Tasty!!  J and I were stuffed after each of us having half of the burrito (along with sharing half a hamburger from Ralph's).  Well worth the $8.00 for the burrito and hush puppies.
So while my in-laws were in line to order plain hot dogs because they weren't willing to even try the combinations this particular food truck was offering, much less see which other trucks were at the festival, I wandered off and settled on Jamburritos.  

I returned to the band of boring and enjoyed my catfish plate.  My perfectly seasoned catfish was served with a spicy jambalaya rice and crispy hush puppies.  I ate every last bite far beyond the point of being full just so everyone could see what they missed.  "Is that catfish?"  "Yep (with full mouth)."  "Is it good?"  "(Swallow) Yes."  "Where did you get it?"  "(Takes another bite) At a truck that was not at the entrance so you didn't see it."

Thanks Jamburritos.
Friendly, fast and huge portions
2 catfish burritos (one grilled, one fried) and 1 basket of cajun popcorn (crayfish tails).

OMG!!! Awesome. 

The two catfish burritos are surprisingly different. With the fried fish you can really taste the deep, complex flavors of the rice and beans. With the grilled fish, the blackened catfish flavor really steps up to the front. Either way, this is the best cajun food I've had--I'm no expert though--my taste buds were in love.
"Jamburritos Cajun Grill" has a nice little place at Food Truck Friday event in PHX. This is the place to be! Get there early or you WILL have to wait in line!  It was my first time at the event and I did have to stand around a bit, but it was so worth it.  
The grilled Catfish Jamburrito was my order of choice and I found it to be quite a work of art! There was sooo much food neatly wrapped up in the oversize tortilla (burrito) that I couldn't wait to dig in. The succulent catfish and a spicy rice mixture (Jambalaya) was quite the thing I needed, as it put a little "pep in my step!" 
I ate the entire first half of burrito, but had to slow down and use a fork when it was time to devour the second half. The burrito and myself were bursting at the seams at that point. I eat a lot of food but this thing was gigantic! I washed it down with an ice cold Fanta soda and for dessert, the lemon lollipop was a surprise, but also refreshing. 
I was quite impressed with the way the cashier was handling the crowd. During my small wait time, I enjoyed watching her work! The Chef was quite gracious and when he handed me the large food tray. His nice comments, and his reminder to pickup my forgotten soda, put a smile on my face. So I decided to write this review. Yep, 5-stars! I'll be back!
The boyfriend & I decided to grab a bite here after checking out the local shops off of Roosevelt Row. We split a Jamburitto and I must say that it was *awesome*. The rice had great flavoring and the chicken was tender- but most of all the side of hot sauce was DAMN tasty, can't say I've had anything like it! 
And they sell xtra long neck (ie. mexican style) Coca Cola sodas :o 
Hellsyea I'm coming back!
Y'all don't know good eatin' 'til you stopped at Jamburritos!  My tastebuds died, went to heaven.  

I'm a southerner.  I DO NOT, I DO NOT, order fried catfish in restaurants outside of certain states in the south.  It just doesn't happen.  Something about folks in other states putting beer batter or breadcrumbs or  flour based breading on it that runs me outta the restaurant.  But I figured, this Mex-Cajun fusion way would  be something to try.  I ordered a fried catfish jamburrito... that's fried catfish, with jambalaya (2 staples in my kitchen) and all the other fixin's of a burrito.  I got the fire hot sauce on the side and I also ordered up the hush puppies.  They had Faygo pops (yep, I said "Pops", that's cause I'm from the South.  If you're from other southern regions, you might call it a "cold drink".) That took me back years to my childhood and I ordered up the orange Faygo.  Whoop Whoop!  

So, what does this southerner say?  They killed it.  The hush puppies were absolutely delicious.  A bit on the small side in comparison to what I'm accustomed to having back home.  But exactly the taste you want in a hush puppy!  WOW.  I'm bringing my mom to the truck, I bet she hasn't cooked hush puppies since I was a kid.  

The Jamburrito was something out of this world.  The taste of the jambalaya in every bite of the catfish was an amazing mixture of spiciness with the delicious cajun flavor of the rice.  And don't forget that there's also beans and all the fixins of a burrito.  The lettuce and fresh veggies help to cool the zing of the spice from the hot sauce.  if you don't like spicy, don't get the hot sauce on yours. 

Here's a pic of my plate: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jamburritos-cajun-grille-express-phoenix?select=xh1Ac9X35EPQywGj9QZbnA#7gSc9b6Jr19CHMRtb40tmA

What a creative fusion of the Mexican burrito and cajun food.  I was so satisfied and  thrilled with the tastes and flavors.  

I have to go back and try their friend crawfish and perhaps some other things that will take me down the Mississippi river of memories... Bravo Jamburritos!  Bravo.
Went to the Phoenix Public Market this Wednesday evening to see what it was all about.  I thought the event was a little weak overall but a "Chicken Jamburrito" from this place was killer diller!  It was BIG, & filled with Chicken Etouffee, Jamabala Rice, Smoked Andouille Sausage, Creole Sauce, Jack Cheese and lettuce, wrapped in a flour tortilla.

This tasty, unusual treat is a meal in itself & goes for $7.     :-)
Wow. This has got to be the best food truck experience I've had in Phoenix. As we walked through food truck Friday during First Fridays, we scoped out our options. We checked with Yelp and found this was highly rated. Best decision ever. Thank goodness Yelp warned us that each burrito was enormous because we almost each got our own. We decided to go with the fried catfish and jambalaya burrito and it was soooooo amazing. No lie, they were generous with the catfish and the jambalaya had some awesome sausage too. It came with a side of this amazing creole sauce and I needed more, it was so good. The staff was super friendly and asked for our feedback (which of course we told them it was delicious)!! I was definitely in pain due to fullness even though I shared it with Eric, but I just could not stop eating it! Can't wait to try other items on the menu but it'll be hard not getting the catfish burrito again!  The burrito was $8 but it was well worth it!
Oh yum. I was driving around with my little guy asleep in the car, new to Downtown Phoenix and hungry. The friendly food truck person waved with a sign as I passed and I quickly made a loop around to see what they had to eat. 
Purchased a catfish burrito and the only thing that bothered me about it was that I wish I had 3 other people to share it with because it was huge. I got through half of it and was beyond finished. 
Delicious stuff and friendly people. Good street marketing.
I get the fried oysters every Saturday morning when they are at the Farmer's Market in Downtown Phoenix. I'm addicted to them, they are big, juicy and to die for!
Jamburritos is by and far my favorite food truck. The chicken jamburrito is amazing, their hush puppies are perfectly spiced, and their homemade lemonade is tart and refreshing. The guys running the truck are unfailingly nice, which makes the experience even better. It's absolutely worth your time to visit them at the biweekly Phoenix Public Markets or wherever else they might be that day.
I went here a couple weeks back after heading over to the Food Truck Fridays, I had a catfish poboy sandwich and got a catfish plate for my coworker...it was great, crispy, fresh fish, excellent seasonings, just really hit the spot. Went over today after my coworker bugged me the entire week and simply got catfish filets for the both of us and a side of texas toast.

I don't know if it was bad fish, bad cooking or a combination of both but I ended up throwing my food away, the fish seemed undercooked, but greasy at the same time and the toast was extremely greasy. I even tried to eat it by dousing it in hot sauce and that couldn't save it either. I received 4 pieces of fish (instead of 2 filets as expected) and my coworker received 3 pieces instead of 4..all for the same price. My coworker even complained about her food, kind of turned off by this experience so I won't be back. There's another place over there with catfish I guess the next time I'm in the mood I'll give them a try.
Love this food truck.  Had some burritos the morning (well ok it was almost afternoon) after a long night out with friends and it totally hit the spot.  The service was great and I even got to sample a hush puppy.  The quality of food was not what was expected from a food truck it easily could have been served in a four star restaurant.  The Cajun sauce was amazing and really brought the whole burrito together with a flavor explosion.
The BEST Red Beans And Rice With Andouille Sausage I've ever had!  So delicious. .. check them out!
They were sitting front and center at the Street Eats festival in Scottsdale, so I decided to give them a try.  Well, if you want the mall food court equivalent of food truck food, this is the truck for you.  The tastes were decent and they had a good selection, but the preparations were not the freshest and the prices were steep.  The grilled catfish was falling apart from sitting around in juice too long, the fried catfish was dry from sitting in a warming pot and the hush puppies were like jawbreakers.  I'm guessing this one would be better to try outside of an event like this...if this truck pulled up in front of my office, I might give them another shot.
We visited the Scottsdale Food Truck Festival this weekend 4 days after arriving back from our "home" city of New Orleans. We saw, or better yet, smelled this truck right away making us miss the spices we love so much. Ran right over and ordered the Mardis Gras combo platter with chicken Jambalaya, red beans and rice, fried catfish and hush puppies. We had to wait a few minutes for a fresh batch of fish which resulted in us getting an amazingly tender and moist fillet that tasted as fresh as you can get in AZ. The spices in the Jambalaya were in point, variety of hot sauces readily available and the service was very friendly. I can't wait to try the rest of their menu!
Super authentic red beans and rice with andouille sausage. It made me feel like I was walking the streets of New Orleans. Super delicious, highly recommended.
Visited this place as part of the Food Truck Friday experience at the Phoenix market.

I got the house special: Fried Catfish PoBoy with the Creole Cabbage/Cole Slaw with hush puppies. It was fried goodness and definitely filling. I didn't eat all of the bread, but I ate all of the fish and pups. This plate is served with two sauces that really pulled everything together.

I wish I would have found this place sooner. So good. Just note be prepared to wait because they are making it to order so your food is fresh with you in mind.
I  went to food truck Friday and was faced with a number of options and ended up choosing Jumburrito based solely on their deep fried oyster poh boy.   The wait seemed to be on the long side so I asked how long and was told 7 to 11 minutes which proved to be about right.

For the price tag of 12 bucks I thought the serving size was small especially for the truck repping  Nola food.

The sandwich came on a grilled hot dog bun to give you all an idea of the size of the sandwich.

Grilled hot dog bun with plenty of butter, delicious fried oysters topped with cole slaw.

The sandwich was delicious and I was satisfied but would've liked to see the traditional toppings such add lettuce and tomatoes.  Other than the size and the price I enjoyed the sandwich.
Chef Michael and Gregg catered a delicious small menu of  food for a very special fundraising event on Apr 13, 2014 at the Stand-up Scottsdale Comedy Club. Feedback on the Chicken Etoufee and Hush Puppies was wonderful and everyone went home with full tummies. Food was delivered on time and the team came back to clean up just as promised. Will definitely recommend Jamburritos again! And I'm sure so will our other 100+ guests! Thanks, Chef Michael and Gregg.
Jamburritos was kind enough to come to our apartment complex and serve our residents. 
 As a vegetarian I was thrilled to try their veggie bowl and I was Not disappointed! I could smell the truck before I saw it- it was making my mouth water! 
The bowl was $8 and when I picked it up I thought it was a little small but when I started eating it I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of food. :)
 They even gave me a little spicy sauce on the side and I poured it all over my bowl. Perfectly spicy, but not too hot as to overpower the flavor of the cabbage, beans and rice. 
I am so glad I tried it! Wish id gotten the hush puppies for $2 more! Hopefully they come back and ill have a second chance! 
Yay!
How is there not a business profile for this? Today I got to try them at the Costco Food Truck Fest. 

This truck features types of  meatballs served as "ballwiches".  You can get 1 for $5, 2 for $9 or 3 for $12. I thought they might be tiny servings since they had multiples pricing, but the portions are fair I think for what we got. 

There are 4 types currently on the menu (Godfather, Zorba, All Thai'd Up, and Porky(, sides like skin on fries, sweet potato tots, and truffle mac&cheese. There was something on their handout about a "blue ball special" but I didn't inquire about the funny name. 

The BF and I tried the "All Thai'd Up" which is turkey meat, veggies, sweet chili sauce in a lettuce wrap. One serving came with two wraps with maybe 4 meatballs in each. The meatballs were small, but juicy and the thai sauce was pretty good. We also got the sweet potato taters ($3) and these had a great texture with a nicely crisp outside and moist, sweet inside. I'm normally not a fan of plain sweet potato fries, but these were slammin on their own without a dip. 

So far, my impressions were pretty good. I will come back to try other ballwiches and the truffle mac&cheese for sure on my list. I am a fan of the tots and for just that alone even I will return.
The Haulin Balls Truck arrived a little later than most of the trucks that were at the Costco Food Trcuk Fest #2.  So my stomach capacity was mostly already spoken for with food from other vendors.

After checking out their menu, which made everything sounds so delicious, I ended up ordering the All Thai'd Up. Which was an Atkins diet friendly turkey balls with veggies in lettuce wraps, dressed with Sweet Chili Sauce.  One order comes with two wraps with a slightly larger than golf ball size turkey ball in each wrap (although Jade mentioned in her review she was getting maybe 4 small meatballs in each wrap). The overall flavor was good, kind of like a Thai or Vietnamese salad featuring ground turkey balls as the protein.

The concept of selling meatball sandwiches from a food truck is definitely a unique one (thus far) in Las Vegas.

A fellow Yelper who ordered the Zorba (Lamb Balls) really enjoyed his sandwich, especially after making sure it was not lamb 'balls".  Although some others were decidedly disappointed at this.  Or maybe they were disappointed that the Blue Balls Special were not on the menu today.

Anyway, like Jade W wrote in her FTR review of Haulin Balls, their pricing is petty simple. One sandwich for $5, two for $9 and three for $12 ($4 each) and you can mix and match your sandwich order.
I recently tried them at StrEATS and I was honestly a little disappointed with my selection of The Zorba, which was suggested to me by a fellow yelper. When I first received my sandwich I was already discouraged at the size because it was rather small. It had 2 balls and was probably half the size or a regular sized hoagie. For the price of $5, this should have been at least long enough to hold 3 to 4 balls. The flavors were good, but were a little weak. A cucumber sauce would have been nice. Although the worst part was the taste of the meat because it was a little off. I've had lamb in gyros and this taste was very different. Unfortunately it wasn't pleasant. The bread was practically on the verge of being soggy, maybe they should toast it on the grill before serving? I will definitely be giving them another chance in the future, but probably with different selection.
Haulin Balls had us sold with the menu, being big fans of lamb we went with the Zorba. By the sounds of it it should've been a homerun, meaty lamb balls, fresh herbs, feta and tzatziki. It was fine, but pretty unmemorable. Had it not been our least tasty bite at StrEATS it might have been forgotten altogether.
My family and I were privileged to be the very first customers for Haulin Balls when they launched their truck service at the first El Cortez Vegas Streats Festival.  

We tried the Godfather and Blue Balls Special and both dishes as we say in Hawaii was "broke da mouth" or "simply delicious!"  

It was a definite change from the normal massive plate lunches that were so accustomed to eating growing up in the islands.  Every once in awhile you crave that change in taste and Haulin Balls served that desire!  Their unique meatball wraps were fresh, very light, healthy, and extremely tasty.  The portions were perfect and left the three of us content.

Ultimately, customer service for me makes or breaks a business.  Everyone from the cooks to the cashier were very friendly, genuine and sincere, in Hawaii we call that the "Aloha spirit."   

Hoku in Hawaiian means Star and 'elima means 5.  

My final rating for Haulin Balls = 'elima hoku
This was our first time to try a ballwich...We found them parked outside Khoury's WIne Store on Eastern whcih was pretty awesome as we live a couple of miles away!   My daughter loved sitting on the sidewalk to eat... My 7 yr old loved the Mac & Cheese and my hubby said it was the best meatball he has ever eaten (I am trying not to be offended) and my Zorba...seriously excellent!  However I have to say my favorite thing hands down were the Sweet Potato Tots!
Tasty balls...as in the meatballs that is....! Fast & super friendly staff! The Mac & Cheese is divine & goes perfectly with the Godfather sandwich.
Love it, love it, love it!  They have renewed my faith in food trucks.  I tried them at the Great Las Vegas Beer Festival.  It took a while.  But, OMG, the Zorba, Godfather, and mac and cheese are sooooo delicious!!!!   So worth the wait and the friendliest staff ever.  Plus a frequent buyer card!  I'm hooked!!!
I am a total fan of the Zorba and the Porky. I follow them on facebook and when they are downtown at the El Cortez or somewhere close to the downtown area I go to where they are. I can't get enough of my two favorite sandwiches!
Since my first review we have become Thursday night regulars  - they are at Khoury's Wne Store on Eastern (Henderson) and could eat the All Thai'd up daily!
This might be a bit bias, since I am not a fan of meatballs, but I wanted to give it a try.

I tried the Godfather sandwich, which is actually pretty good. The meat seemed a bit dry though. 

I have to say though... that the pulled pork sandwich was GREAT!!! My friend got one too.. and he finished it within seconds. It was in his hands one min... and the next, it was gone. 

If you are a pulled pork sandwich fan... you have to try theirs. 

Nothing too special I say. I would go to a few other food trucks before I would go to theirs.
Greg and the group behind Haulin' Balls are great! I have hit them up a few times either at Khoury's or one of the food truck meetups around town.

I like that they have different flavors for everyone and are always working on new things. 

I've had the Godfather (italian style, beef meatball), Zorba (greek, lamb), and All Thai'd Up (thai, turkey), and the Porky (BBQ, pulled pork).  The leaner meats are a bit drier than the beef and pulled pork, but the garnishes and sauces really punch the flavors to match the themes. The ingredients always look, smell and taste fresh (a happy five senses makes a happier meal, eh?). Make sure you get plenty of basil, it always seems to be so pungent (in the best way) and set off the rest of the food.

I order them all protein style, so no bread for me, and the additional lettuce adds an extra freshness/crispness that really makes it for me. Meatball sandwiches aren't the lightest fare, but this is an easy and delicious way to alleviate some of the heaviness (especially in the summer!).

The sweet potato tots are tasty and their mac n' cheese is really a treat. I might like it with a little more crunch on top but, even as it is, you get a creamy, cheesy, and very flavorful incarnation of an all time favorite.

As the Haulin' Balls people will tell you... you need some balls in your mouth!
Forget about all the ball jokes. This is one food truck that should be taken seriously because of their tasty eats. The Godfather was a hit -- 2 ground beef meat balls with fresh basil, parsley, garlic, onions, pomodoro sauce, pecorino romano, and plenty of melted mozzarella in a soft, chewy bun. The savory meatballs had plenty of depth in flavor and were perfectly tender, not mushy.

The Zorba (ground lamb, fresh mint, oregano, parsley, garlic, served with a tomato-olive spread, lettuce, feta, red onion and homemade tzatziki sauce) was decent, but the taste of the lamb wasn't overly appealing. I did enjoy the olive spread and appreciated the subtlety of the mint, but I don't think it's a sammie I'd get again.

The pricing is as follows: 1 for $5, 2 for $9, or 3 for $12. Two sandwiches should be enough for most people, but if you're really hungry, add on a side. I was starving so I got an order of skin-on fries ($2). I have no idea if they were made fresh or were frozen, but the portion size is quite large and they were crispy, light, and delicious.
I didn't ever think I could like meatballs as much as I like the ones from Haulin' Balls. I love the Godfather. Tender juicy meatballs covered in tangy marinara, melty mozzarella and a chiffonade of basil. The bread is soft and holds the sauce well. Its still a bit messy, but I don't think it would be a worthy meatball sandwich if it was not. I like putting extra garlic on mine and for me one is enough. I cannot say enough about the "crack and cheese" as they like to call it. Truly is quite addicting. The noodles are not overdone, the cheese sauce is nice and creamy (garlicky too!) and the breadcrumbs on top are a nice touch.

My bf had their Zorba with the lamb meatballs he said it was good but after tasting my Gotdfather was quite impressed and liked it much better. I have had their magic bars for dessert and they were yummy, lots of chocolate and coconut. However, I am still waiting to try that yummy looking lemon bundt cake that keeps flashing across the top of their website ...
My first Balls experience...Can't wait to try it again.
I had the Zorba...the lamb balls were light and tender, the topping brought the whole Greek taste together. Bun was soft and fresh. Yum.
I really try to support local cuisine so I'm sad to write a less then positive review, especially because Haulin Balls has yummy food and the service was friendly.  We tried the Godfather, thai balls, dragon balls and the mac and cheese.  The problem with Haulin Balls isn't their food or menu - it's their high prices and stingy portions.  Delicious as they were, $6 for 2 dragon balls that were the size of donut holes is a rip off.  The Godfather was really fresh and tasty and the meatballs were moist and tender but it was priced at $6 for a small, 4 inch sandwich.  I'm not fat and have an average appetite...I would need 2 Godfather's to make a meal, which amounts to $12 and no sides for an 8 inch sandwich.  I have no problem spending good money on food but I felt ripped off.  Bummer!
GOT BALLS?

Haulin' Balls is one of my favorite food trucks! The thing that made me try them for the first time was their truck...I see a big black food truck with a mural of a badass flamed out '50 Mercury on the side and I just couldn't resist! And meatballs are such a simple premise, yet this truck shows with a little bit of creativity and fine ingredients you can turn them into a delicious dish.

I'm a big fan of their All Thai'd Up. Who would've thought how tasty a turkey meatball with pickled cucumbers, carrots, daikon, and thai sauce would be when wrapped in lettuce? These guys, that's who!

The Porky is also very good. Their smoked pulled pork is better than you'll find at 95% of restaurants. And they put spices in it, then top it with a chipotle mayo and BBQ sauce, all on a delicious roll. Very tasty indeed! The Porky Nachos are the bomb too! It's hard to eat regular nachos now after either the pulled pork nachos from here.

Their Blue Ball special is always changing. Sometimes it's Crab Balls, sometimes it's Buffalo Chicken Balls(which I am a HUGE lover of). 

I also recommend their Sweet Tots, which are super tasty sweet potato tater tots with an Asian spicy flair. The Mac & Cheese is also a good side, the truffle bread crumbs separate it from all the other similar dishes you'll find out there.

If you EVER see this truck out and about, do yourself a favor and come place your order. Your taste buds and your stomach will thank you, that much is for sure!
What a difference!
Visited Haulin' Balls while at the Tivoli Village Food Truck Throwdown, since I hadn't had any Zorba balls in so long:/
There was really no line. Ordering process went smooth, they added free fries for checking in on Yelp. I unfortunately tipped them prematurely.
I waited and waited and waited til I saw someone that was behind me in line get their food. My husband inquired about my order and they told him they didn't have any Zorba's. What!? Okay I want my $$ back. The guy that took my order heard the conversation and apologized and cleared things up, I wasn't willing to wait any longer so I said forget it and that I still wanted my $ back. The woman serving the food was apologetic as well, said she'd give me my money back and get a Zorba to me as well if I was willing to wait 1 minute. So I got my $6 back. Never got my free fries, they got $1 tip for wasting my time.
 They were very nice to give me a Zorba, it did take 1 minute but somehow it was cold.
The Godfather is a great meatball sub.  I was just introduced to it at the Gourmet Food Truck Block Party held at Suncoast.  Two savory meatballs bathed in a rich and mild Marinara Sauce are nestled in a soft 6-inch bun, with Mozzarella Cheese melted over all interior contents.  I just wish this fine sandwich would be bigger, but one can always buy and down two of them.

French Fries here are made with frozen skin-on potatoes, but they tasted very good with Heinz Tomato Ketchup drizzled on them.  The ketchup and napkins were thoughtfully provided by a Haulin Balls staffer.  Both the order taker/money collector and cook were friendly and hospitable.  Ordered food was served up 10 minutes after the order was placed, but this will largely depend on how large the crush of patrons is.

I like food trucks in general, and have very little of a negative nature to say about any of them I have sampled thus far.  But, from now on Haulin Balls and its delicious Godfather will be one of my favorites for mobile vendor comfort food.
The food truck craze seems to still be holding on strong and Haulin Balls is no different. They've got great service and some pretty tasty balls (har har). They like to liven it up by playing some good ol' rock/alternative music too.

As for the food, 2 of us shared the Zorba, Porky, Mac n' Cheese, and fries courtesy of the Yelp check-in.

Zorba: Quite tasty! It has all the traditional flavors of a classic Mediterranean dish packed into 2 compact balls, shoved into a sandwich. The tzatziki sauce was well flavored and the red onions in the sandwich weren't too strong or overpowering, as they can be sometimes. My only complaint was that the lamb meatballs were a little smoother in texture than I like, but they still tasted good.

Porky: This is a pretty standard pulled pork sandwich. They pile on the meat and it's super tender and juicy. The sandwich was so juicy that the bun was falling apart beneath it. Definitely be prepared to get your hands dirty.

Mac n' Cheese: It's flavored with truffle oil and I really liked this one because it had a light hint of truffle, but it wasn't too strong. It also has a nice crispy crumble on top of it for a little crunch.

So far, it seems like Nevada has some pretty good food trucks to offer. I can't wait to be back to try their BBQ pork nachos next time!
They were at Khoury's last Wednesday and I ordered their Blue (crab) Balls. It was $8 for two crab balls, which I initially thought was a bit pricey. However, when I got my order I was pleasantly surprised. They were about the size of a golf ball and were so moist and delicious that I was hooked. The order comes with Bibb lettuce (for wrapping) and a phenomenal cole slaw.  If this were served in one of the "upscale" restaurants on the Strip, the price would be double.  The Haulin Balls team were extremely friendly and I loved their music. I highly recommend this truck!
Finally tried Haulin Balls at Vegas StrEATs recently.  I was unfulfilled from the special at Slider Truck, so I figured I'd try something I've never had before.  The guy working the window was friendly, and he convinced me to try the tuna balls.  He said I'd love 'em.  Well, I didn't.  They were ok, but I was hoping for something a little rarer than the deep friend tuna I ended up with.  Even worse, it was $10.  Seems a little pricey for what's a snack at best.  If it was half the price, that'd make much more sense.

A friend of mine tried the same thing at a different event and was only charged $9.  What's up with that?
I got the opportunity to try Haulin Balls when they were at the Monday Night Fundraiser at Johnny Fontane's Beach House last night. It was really great of them to be willing to donate a portion of their sales to the Red Cross for Hurricane Sandy relief. I ordered the BBQ pulled Chicken on top of french fries. It was pretty amazing actually. And really filling as well. But a couple hours later I seized the opportunity to try their actual meatballs since they were still there. I got the Godfather which was basically a meatball parm hero. You get a couple massive balls on a hoagie roll with sauce, parm, mozzarella and parsley. Overall, it was a good sandwich. The meatballs were great, the sauce was pretty good and the cheese wasn't melted. I guess that's part of the territory being on a food truck. If they had an oven to toast the roll a bit and melt the cheese, this would probably change a really good meatball parm hero into a fantastic one. I definitely would recommend trying Haulin Balls if you ever get the opportunity. The guy running it, Andy, was awesome and very friendly. I'm glad I got the chance to finally try them and will definitely order from them again.
Very cool of these guys to come out on Monday night to the Fundraiser at Johnny Fontane's Beach House. They were very friendly and served up some good food! Tried the "Godfather" and the BBQ fries. The "Godfather" was good but melted cheese on top and maybe a toasted roll would have made it that much better. The BBQ fries were awesome and would absolutely get them again. 
Big props to them for contributing to this event and donating a portion of their sales to Red Cross for Hurricane Sandy Relief. Very friendly staff and look forward to grubbing with them again!
Haulin Balls was the BEST Holiday addition to our corporate party!!  Friendliness, customer service, and BALLS...were above and beyond!!!  Multiple employees approached me and complimented them to me on how they even remembered our names!!!  Highly Highly recommend them for food and fun!!!
I've eaten from this truck numerous times both at different event/festivals and at a few of their lunch stops.  I enjoy the Zorba sandwich, which is the lamb, the best.  great flavors, great service, friendly, clean, fun.
find them and try it
I really wanted to like Haulin Balls.  I am a big food truck fan.  I've tried them 3 times now and think I am done.  

My first visit I drove across town only to find they closed/left early.  At least send out a tweet or something. It was disappointing but things happen.

My second visit I caught them at Saturday Night Truck stop and got the Maryland Crab balls.  I believe they were $8 or $9.  Crab is expensive so I went with it.  I got two very small balls on a piece of wilted lettuce.  The balls were bite size.  The flavor was good.  I just felt they were to small for the price and the lettuce was unappetizing.  

I decided to give them another try.  I kept seeing people tweeting about their bbq pork nachos.  I went to Vegas Streats and they were sold out.  That made me want them more so I finally tracked them down a few weeks later and got a order.  The flavors were good.  Maybe it was built up to much in my mind I expected more.  They advertise fresh homemade chips but I got cheap yellow tortilla chips.  I mean if your going buy store bought at least get some good ones.  They really ruined the nachos.  I really wanted to love them but they were average.  I might give Haulin Balls another try in the future, but I won't search them out.  There are to many other food trucks out there.
Breakdown of Haulin Balls when I had them a few days ago: 

FOOD:
I ordered the Zorba, Fried Ravioli, and Fried Mac n Cheese bites (not listed on their website).  The Zorba didn't have enough seasoning, too much olive, and was only on half a sandwich roll.  When the food was ready, I was so confused on the size of the Zorba for the cost (of $8).  You get two meatballs and half a bread roll... great... 
The fried ravioli and mac n cheese bites were okay but then again they didn't make the food since it was pretty much store bought and they just deep fried it for you.  

SERVICE:
The service was okay.  The employee that took our order was polite but it what i didn't like was that she took forever doing the math.  She actually made circle dots on her order sheet and counted them to give me the total... really?!?!

With so many food trucks out there, I definitely will not be going to eat here again.
When I first heard about Haulin' Balls, my inner 12 year old boy giggled and was determined to check it out. A few First Fridays ago, a friend and I went on a quest to find the food truck with a funny name, but couldn't find it. We asked at the info tent and they said they saw the truck pull up, but there wasn't enough room, so they left. We checked Facebook/Twitter, but they hadn't posted anything. That would have been a good way to let people know they weren't there! We ended up at Roamin' Dough and had delicious meatball sacks (she said sack.)
This Friday, we finally found our balls! (Heehee.) They had two types: Godfather and Zorba. We decided on the Godfather. We asked the gal how big her balls were (heehee, I'll stop now) and she said they were big enough to share. We were glad because $10 for a meatball sandwich sounded a bit high. She then informed us they were out of cheese...mozzarella AND feta. Blah. We went ahead and ordered it to share, along with some sweet potato tots.
Are you kidding me? Ten bucks for TWO average sized meatballs on half a sub roll? It needed more sauce and the cheese sure would have been nice. The meatball itself was flavorful, but the texture was a bit gristly (granted, I am super picky about my meat.) The sweet potato tots were fine, but nothing magical for $3.
I'm bummed. I REALLY wanted to like Haulin' Balls. It's not that it was BAD, it was just overpriced and I don't get how you run out of cheese at 8:30pm at First Friday! You kind of know it's going to be busy!
Let me start by saying that Carefree Catering has 11 trucks around the valley so your experience may differ.  I believe these are the trucks that typically service the construction sites but have branched out because of the recent food truck craze. Also, when there were two Carefree Catering trucks parked within a block of each other outside my work (the courthouse), I noticed that the menu items and prices were different for each truck.  The trucks that come by my work are all white and don't have any distinguishing characteristics.  I know there is one that is painted but I've never eaten from it.  I have no idea how to distinguish the plain white ones.  

I ordered a California burrito for $5.50 at one truck.  Maybe California burritos have been bastardized outside of San Diego, but, in San Diego (the home of the California burrito) a California burrito is carne asada, French fries, cheese, salsa, sour cream, and guacamole.  This was ground beef, French fries, and a little bit of sour cream.  The ground beef did not taste good so I stopped eating it and I ended up getting sick later in the evening.  

Later, I did notice that another Carefree Catering truck was selling California burritos for $5.  No idea if they differed in any respect from the other truck.  I wasn't willing to risk it again.

Basically, this truck chain is a crap shoot.  I have encountered some people who enjoy the food from their neighborhood Carefree Catering truck.  If you have a favorite Carefree Catering truck, stick with it.  But don't expect consistency between the trucks.
I've learned there are several food trucks under this name, but I have only been to the one outside the RJC on 3rd Street.  I had a 5-Speed breakfast burrito this morning that was AMAZING.  I don't think I'll eat breakfast anywhere else before work. It had eggs, hash browns, bacon, ham, sausage...delicious!  The girl in the truck is very nice too, and they take phone orders in case you don't want to wait outside in the cold for your food.  I love this place!
We stumbled upon one of these trucks by accident while trying to find another restaurant. However, it was so hot outside we gave up trying to find the other place and ate here since we saw a lot of local people ordering and eating around the truck. What a happy accident! The food was so good, it's probably one of the best food trucks I've been to! Highly recommended if you can track them down... they said they move around several times a day, so may be hard to find, but well worth it if you can!
Carne Asada Nachos. The best nachos I think I've ever had.  Moved them from the RJC and my life hasn't been the same.
Our cafeteria at my work has been under remodel for a couple of months now and we have had several food trucks that have been brought out.  This was one of my favorites so far!  They had a large selection to choose from and the prices were reasonable too. Quick service as well!

I ordered the three beef taco plate.  It came with three snack or street tacos, beans, rice and chips.  The tacos were filled with beef, topped with lettuce, tomatoes and cheese.  They were delicious!  The meat was well seasoned and was grilled to perfection!

The second time I had a beef burrito.  Perfect size for lunch!  

These guys were quick and were brought back several times to our location, which says a lot!!
Due more to scheduling conflicts and lack of short term memory, I have had the privilege of eating only one Frenchy's Carribbean Dog.  Regardless of infrequency and time elapsed, I still have delicious memories.
The tasty, piping hot dog and soft bun were a perfect foil to the perfectly spicy and flavorful mango habanero salsa.
I encourage anyone who happens to run into the friendly owner while he is working at crafting a gastronomic masterpiece to order one.  The only downside is the lifelong cravings that are a result of this hot dog.
I only wish he would set up permanent shop by our clubhouse.

Matt AKA "Redline"
Best dog ever...

Spicy polish dog, chicago style, with the caribbean sauce/spread = fire breathing hell in heavan
Super Bomb dot com!!! One of the best polish dogs I have ever had!!! Thanks frenchy for the blissful mango sauce and spicy mustard covered dog!
Alright, so 1st off, my husband and I had parked so my husband could make an interview so we let our Great Dane, Odin, out to walk around a bit and Frenchy came over to ask if it was alright if he gave the burnt dogs he was gonna throw away to Odin. Of course I said yes, so than we started up a great conversation and I decided I had to try a Caribbean dog since Im from Alaska, I went with the Pineapple Strawberry dog and I can not describe just how delicious it is! It's got a great spicy kick to it, but it was cooled down by the chilled sweet fruit topping and once all the flavors came together my tounge exploded into a mouthgasam! It was eaten before we realized it and were both sad when it was over, but look forward to finding Frenchy again in the next few days! You won't be disappointed!
O Frenchy's; Love that spicy sauce!

At the behest of a trusted source of hot dog deliciousness, I was convinced to give Frenchy's a shot at the title of 'worlds best dog'.

I really enjoyed the spicy sauce that makes his Caribbean Dogs worthy of competition for a top billed dog. Frenchy is a great guy and was a pleasure to chat with, he'll brighten up your day with just a few short minutes at his cart! If you're bold and don't mind a kick to your taste buds every once in a while, tell him you want it spicy and he'll kick it up with that awesomely hot, peppery concoction.

While I can't say I loved this hot dog, it definitely is one of my top picks, just behind number one. Over all, my lunch was spicilly delicious and I ended up with the hiccups to prove it.

That caribbean sauce, IMO, is good enough to bottle and sell - I'd definitely buy a bottle or two. Lunch behind the AZ republic building on 2nd street and taylor is all the better because of Frenchy and his fine caribbean flavors.

Happy Yelping Phoenix!
Frenchys has some of the best hot dogs I've tasted in Arizona! You better check this place out before long lines start forming because it is diffidently working up a fan base fast!

You can't really write an in-def review on this place. If you like hot dogs and are looking for the best hot dogs in Arizona go to Frenchys. Sorry for sounding like I'm advertising the place haha. 

You go try it! You won't be disappointed!
I absolutely loved your Chicago dog ! Thank you so much for your great dogs and fabulous service ! We will love to have back at our bar for special events !!!
THE MOST AMAZING DOGS EVER!

Frenchy is an awesome guy and like I already said, the dogs are amazing! You MUST try the Caribbean Dogs, so flavorful! It is so worth the drive (or ride) wherever he is at for the day! :)
The worlds best hot dogs I will drive as far as I need to for these !!!! Awesome prices for these amazing dogs.
So, I'm not a huge hot dog fan. Occasionally, I'll get a craving. But I've committed myself to never eat hot dogs in public. But Friday I was jonesing a dog in the worst way, and Frenchy answered that call. I'll echo the praises for the Caribbean Dog. That spicy, meaty concoction is amazing! He was at the corner of First Ave and Wash, so I guess he bounces around downtown.
I was driving around one day and i was very hungry!!! I searched "hot dog" and this guys popped up . He was happened to be at Bell Toyota. Which meant all you can eat for free.. hahaah but i meant to pay.  Anyway the sauce are what made his dog good... nice guys too. always laughing.. haha
Frenchys was awesome! The Chicago dog tasted authentic and the dude running it was super nice who I think may have been frenchy. They took a card too which was sweet because I had no cash. If I see these dudes around again, I'll be ordering some dogs!
Mmmmm I got the traditional Hot Dog with Caribbean Sauce damn it was like I wasn't eating a hot dog it had just a little kick and fresh flavors, it was quite refreshing hahah. 
Awesome dude!!!! 
Thank you :)
Had the Caribbean traditional and it was amazing! I never had a Caribbean hot dog before but I was very impressed. The dog had lettuce, tomato, onions and a spicy sauce. The sauce was very good - not too spicy but just enough kick to make it delicious. Will definitely be returning to try more options!
What a great idea! I love trying new things and having a Caribbean hot dog was something I haven't tried yet. Needless to say I was thoroughly pleased. I had the Italian sausage dog with traditional and super spicy! Next time I want to try one of the fruit relishes like mango or papaya with the hot dog. It wasn't overbearing hot but had a great kick and good flavor. Frenchy is such a great guy who is super friendly and really genuine. Met him at Grand Canyon University where he had his cart set up. I will definitely give him my business in the future when I see him around campus! Give it a try!
I have enjoyed a Caribbean dog or two while out and about in Scottsdale.  I highly recommend it regardless of whether you are drinking or not.  It is legitimately just a tasty snack and one no one else is offering.  Has always been great for conversation too.   Glad to see others are leaving reviews to get a bit more exposure.  

Tip: forget what you want, have him make it his way.  That is what you need.
Amigos!

I'm excited to tell you about very good Mexican food in Madison, WI! I'll be back to add some more info, but El Burrito Loco has been on this corner since about 2002 and what's this?! No Yelp review?! It's time.

I had a the huge chicken burrito special at $7.  It could be the best tasting value in town! It had all the usual ingredients inside including, cheese, pinto beans, rice, a lot of fresh (stewed...don't be afraid - its good!) chicken and salsa. They are all wrapped up in a soft huge flour tortilla. yumm. I asked for the spicy salsa and it was just about right.  Oh and don't let me forget to tell you that it had a pretty big side of guacamole...and it was good!  Did I mention it was big?! See pix.

I'm pretty sure they are only at this Capitol location during lunch time, but it's worth the trip. Tell Maggie Hi and that Raul (From San Diego, living in NYC since 2001) I said Hola!

Let's open up a stand in NYC! Come on!

Orale! 

See you next time I'm in town!

~r
Just got the carnita special (with corn tortillas) from the food cart on the Capitol square.  The price was $8.

The señorita taking my order was attentive and polite.  A couple customers stopped by and chatted with her briefly, so they must get regulars.

The carnita meat, hot sauce, cilantro and guacamole were really good.  No radishes or salsa verde like I'm used to, which is fine - might just be a regional thing.  However, the tortillas were a bit stiff, like they were taken straight from the packaging or were just microwaved, not heated up on the griddle. In any case they stuck together in a way that it was clear that if they were heated up, they weren't heated separately. The beans tasted exactly like the Rosarita "spicy jalapeño" brand you get out of a can, and didn't have any cheese on top.  The rice was good, but was just regular Mexican rice - for $8 would be nice if they went a little further and put some veggies in there like onions, potatoes, carrots, peas or something.

I'd give the experience about 3.5 / 5 stars on the whole.  I'll stop by again some time and try a different menu item.
Got the bean tacos with hot sauce for lunch yesterday. The sauce was super spicy, which I absolutely loved, and everything tasted very authentic. The tortillas were some of the best I've ever had.

My only complaint is that it was a little heavy on cilantro, but that's not keeping me from going back for lunch again today.
Finally got to try this food truck at the Midweek Munch on Wednesdays at the El Cortez.  Super yummy!  My favorite is the philly tots - tater tots covered in grilled onions, peppers, and thin slices of beef.  They also offer a BBQ pork sandwich which is pretty darn good.  I can't wait to try their philly cheesesteak.

Everything tastes very fresh and the people running the truck are very nice.  Gonna be back soon!
This is a time I wish there were 1/2 stars, it was 2.5 star worthy. Had the Philly Cheeze Steak ($8). The bread was dry, but meat was tender and the cheese was nice and melty. However, overall, it was pretty unmemorable and hardly worth the wait.
One word ~ Rib eye. Yep you heard right, there steak and cheese sandwiches are made with fresh rib eye. 

This is the best steak and cheese sandwich in Las Vegas right now. They use fresh rib eye meat and chop it up even more as they grill this glorious sandwich to perfection. 

Things that make a great Philly: 
1) good meat - well food slingers uses fresh rib eye so that is one of the best available meats for a Philly and it's always a nice portion of meat not to stingy. 
2) Soft bread - There rolls are very soft and have just the right texture to enjoy this delicious treat. Not flaky at all. 

I have had at least a dozen of these sandwiches and will continue to eat their Phillie's until a better shows itself in Las Vegas.  At $8 it's a good deal because your eating rib eye that is filled with plenty of flavor.


P.S. after typing this review my mouth started to water for one of their Philly cheese steaks.  That should help better understand just how good they are.  

The Vegas Villain
The first time I actually got to try Foodslingers was at the trick or treat food truck fest last month. Lately, I haven't been in the mood for burgers or red meat but my sister & everyone kept going on about how good they were & how they they use fresh rib-eye & grind their own burgers. 

The owners are a very friendly cute couple. I ended up ordering a cheeseburger & a philly. I don't know what took me so long to try Foodslingers because it was soooooo good!! My companions & I agreed on how amazing the burger was. You could just taste the freshness of the burger. From the bread to the meat to the cheese to the veggies. Good stuff. My family, sister's family & my 2 cousin's families are hooked. Ever since I tried their cheeseburger, I haven't stopped thinking about it.
Big crowd+Huge carousel of Al Pastor=Gotta check this place out!

Heading out from the 51's game at Cashman Field, we were searching for a quick bite . Located on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd. and E. Bonanza, Tacos El Pastorcito has been serving up tacos on this street corner for just about two months.

They offer the usual meats-Asada, Lengua, Cabeza, Chorizo, and the fan favorite, Al Pastor.

The service/pick-up is pretty simple:
-How many tacos you want
-The type of meats you want on them(ask for the diced pineapple with the Al Pastor)
-The guys quickly get your meat selections and tortillas give them a few seconds on the flat top grill, and hand you your undressed tacos.
-Off to the right side is a condiment bar with all the fixins to dress your taco up to your liking-3 salsas, onions, cilantro, limes, radishes, the works...
Off to the left side, you pay the damage for our tacos, and don't forget  some homemade horchata to compliment your tacos. At $1.50 a taco($2 for Lengua)
and horchata for a buck, this is some econo eats, but SERIOUS street food definitely worth returning for, and somehow tastes better eating it on the streets.

They also have Quesadillas, Burritos and other specialities, but definitely do not pass up the Al Pastor.....just as tasty as El Gordo's Al Pastor... CASH ONLY...ALOHA!!!

**FYI...Hours of operation 11am(I think he said am???)-3am Thursday-Sunday, Closed,Mon.-Wed.... call in before you plan to stop by...(702)325-4020 or(702)306-5910
I normally hate al pastor meat but what first started out to be 1 taco ended up being 3. The men cooking were very nice and asked if we wanted pineapple in the meat mix, heck ya! Awesome awesome awesome street food and the crowd says it all. They also have lengua, asada, cabeza, and chorizo. The horchata drink hits the spot and no imitation powders used here. I highly recommend this stand $1.50 tacos anyone?
Finally they were open for business again, so we stopped by for some al pastor action.....Tacos were killer, but there was no horchata this time!?!?!
Oh well, I'll still be back horchata or not 'cause their al pastor is the $hiznit!....ALOHA!!!
Stopped by yet again for some bomb al pastor tacos, and this time there wasn't a huge crowd. Tacos were onolicious as always. How bout' giving this place a shot? Still at 3 reviews???....ALOHA!!!                                                                              YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(3/365) Best Al Pastor Tacos!
Yum Yum Yum Yum...........   I am from southern California and lived in San Francisco before Las Vegas and I have be fortunate enough to have eaten lots of amazing street food.   Since I moved  here 1 1/2 years ago I have been searching for great street tacos and I have finally found them.  The Al Pastor is not like any I have had before and all 3 salsa's were so delicious that I had to keep alternating to try each one with my tacos.  This was a fantastic you will never be disappointed Al Pastor.  I can't wait to pass on this hot spot to all my foodie friends.  I will for sure be back!
MISSION: TO FIND THE TASTIIEST TACOS ON LAS VEGAS' STREETS

WHO: STREET VENDORS ALL ACROSS LAS VEGAS (Brick and mortars like Los Tacos and El Gordo DON'T COUNT)

Stop #4, First discovering this spot after a 51's game a while back, we stopped by here again to see how it would compare to our previous stop.
Now called Taqueria El Buen Pastor,  these guys serve up some of the tastiest Al Pastor in town.

Also in business from Thur-Sun, 6-late, these tacos are $1.50 each and are bigger in size and flavor compared to El Gordos. Compaired to Taqueria El Pastorcito, its a toss-up...they both are equally good.

Again, we see funny names on their menu, so we go ahead and try a Gringa, a medium sized flour tortilla with melted cheese, al .pastor, pineapple, and avocado ($5) which kinda looks like an al pastor pizza. That's also delicious, especially for those who love flour tortillas.

Still only at 3 reviews!?!?!?!? Y'all are missing out!!!

PROS

Quick, efficient service

Bilingual staff

These Al Pastor Tacos kick the s@#t out of El Gordo's too


CONS

none I can think of...


**RECOMMENDATIONS**

Al Pastor Tacos

Gringa

Horchata from scratch (when available)

ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(168/365) "Street Taco Scramble Part 4"
Cheap, fast, fresh and efficient taco stand posted right by a tire shop, across from a community rec center. Folks the taste buds do not lie and I gotta thank the Goyamonstah once again for a recommendation. I recently brought a friend who enjoyed it the first time around so much that he was strongly considering going again dispite the possibility of missing his flight! Damn that's a mean taco! The pastor tacos are on point I think the only miss that I had was the mulita (sp) which was a little too plain for me. The gordita on the other hand, while somewhere around 5 bucks (?), is topped with so much and along with the various condiments they have to offer it can be a meal within itself. Don't know if it knocks Gordos outta the ballpark but its still damn good and got me wishin' we had something like this on my bougie azz side of town *cough*southeast*cough*. Mos definitely going back for more.
Want authentic DF tacos? well this is the place! They cook the al pastor stacked up on a rotating spit and you eat your tacos standing up. The salsas are are excellent along with all the other condiments you would expect like sliced radishes, cilantro and unions. I had the al pastor the lengua (tongue). The pastor was great! juicy and crunchy at the same time. The lengua was ok as the shred their lengua and i prefer it  cubed. 4 tacos and a water was $8 which seems a bit pricey to me hence why i didn't give it 5 stars.
Snaps!!! A hop, skip, and a jump away from the jobby job!!! Thank you Mikey elite for bringing me here.

This taco stand is on the south east corner of Bonanza and Las Vegas blvd. Grimey.

Cheap eats at this taco stand. $1.50 tacos has me coming back for more every time I hit the spaghetti bowl. Cuatros tacos is enough to scratch my itch. 

So far the asada and pastor tacos are the business.  They only give you the meat & tortillas. You can stack all the makings of cilantro, onions, and hot sauce on your tacos. Their "hot sauce" sets this place on fiyah! It's not too hot, but the after taste lingers in your grill for a good minute.  EYE LIKA!!!

If you're in the spaghetti bowl/downtown area and got that taco itch, Tacos El Pastorcito is the way to go.
HOLY CRAP!

After my volunteer shift at The Neon Museum I was heading back home when I noticed their trailer opening, I decided to check them out after hearing good things about their tacos, let's say they did not disappoint.

My first plate was 2 El Pastor, 1 Asada, and 1 Chorizo taco.  The chef cooked them up in a hurry and before long I was standing over a plate of awesome. The Chrosizo was good, a nice little kick but not too much spice. The Asada was probably my least favorite, it was good, but out done by the other tacos. The El Pastor Tacos were INSANE, seriously I asked how much for me to take the entire roast off the spit.

The fixings/toppings bar was nice, I went with only a splash of lime, but the salsas and other options were all fresh and everyone trying them seemed to like the offerings.

After Plate one I knew there needed to be Plate 2, so I ordered up 3 more El Pastor and 1 Lingua. The Lingua was really good (probably my 2nd favorite to the El pastor).  

So in the end I had 8 tacos, I probably could have had another plate, but I needed to get going. I can say I will be eating there again, it'll be a great place to grab lunch after my shifts at the Neon Museum.

Oh I also forgot the tacos are $1.50 each, they come on top of 2 tortillas, and are served with only meat and tortilla, there is a bar you can add salsa/veggies if you want, but I kept mine simple
A part of me wants to keep this spot a secret, but it is way too good not to share.

IMO, best tacos in Las Vegas, especially the pork.  

Served on a street corner from a portable food cart.  

This isn't the safest part of Las Vegas, but the food makes it worth the trip.
My hairdresser is from Guadalajara, and about a week ago she and I started bitching about how bad LV Mexican food is. We even bitched about how the Tex-Mex sucks ever since Margarita's Cantina got blown up in 06. Well, she told me that the only good Al Pastor in Las Vegas is located on Bonanza road near the "shitty part of town". I drove down Bonanza from Rancho all the way to Hollywood, and this was the only street taco stand I could find. I just assumed this had to be the place. She was right, it was really good. Just out of personal preference, I still like Taco Taco on Trop better because of the unique seasoning. But, I enjoyed the slices of pineapples that TACOS EL PASTORCITO put in my al pastor taco, and they had this special salsa that was bright orange and tasted like Mexican Tan Tan Men. 3 Al Pastor tacos only ended up being $4.50, and they were pretty big compared to other street tacos. The service was extremely friendly and one of the cooks was really good at setting boundaries for the large homeless population in the area. TACOS EL PASTORCITO is located in the parking lot of a Llantera place, right across the street from a Siegel Suites and what I believe was possibly the wreckage of a UFO(you will see what I mean when you get there). When you wait in line, you will be confronted by multiple druggies and homeless who will either ask you: "You got a cigarette I can borrow?", or "Got 50 cents so I can catch the bus?".  Well, the cook does a great job screaming aggressive things in Spanish to these people and getting them to run back into the alley for a while. Usually a couple of minutes later they come creeping back out and then the angry cooks starts yelling again... this cycle continues all night long.  I also  liked the regular customers. Most of them are older Mexican men who like to talk about professional boxing. I had a fun conversation while waiting for my tacos.
Taqueria El Buen Pastor...aka Tacos el Pastorcito! Little taco stand on LV Blvd and Bonanza, near 95. 

I have been overhearing that they have one of the best al pastor in town...So I finally got to put it to the test 

First of all, tacos here are pretty cheap. Almost every meat is $1.50, with the Lengua at an even $2.  Pic of the tacos! :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tacos-el-pastorcito-las-vegas?select=qW-Q6OtVPQMb_-RHQNV7mg#qW-Q6OtVPQMb_-RHQNV7mg

The Al Pastor here was good but not the best in my opinion. The taco felt a little light on the meat, but you do get what you pay for. It had lots of flavor, but not quite as good as the other two spots I have recently tried. I think you will like it, I'm just looking for the best in town!

But what was great was the Lengua! As you can see in the picture, they shred it instead of cubing it, which gave it a nice Barbacoa like consistency, and packed with juices and flavors! I really liked this...the best Lengua taco I have ran into so far!

The Chorizo was nice and flavorful...slightly oily like it should be. Lots of other places in town serve it practically dry...I like juices in my Chorizo!

Lastly, they have a salsa bar area to DIY, and the salsas have plenty of depth and not watery and boring like some other places. Give them a try...they are open late!
WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS PLACE IS A GREAT NEW FIND.
    I travel all over valley for food and this is definitely one of the best Al Pastor
tacos in the valley. What made it great is it wasn't overseasoned or salty like 
most places. It was perfect and cut into generous portions. They also have 
a side cart with salsas and cucumbers slices, radishes, cilantro, etc..
   They also have Carne Asada, Tongue, Chicken and Chorizo.
If you looking for great tacos and great prices, this is the place.
I'm no rookie when it comes to street tacos...and thank sweet baby Hayzoos there are options here in LV, otherwise known as East East LA.  These people just do it right.  Their commitment to fast, fresh and fabuloso is spot on. You won't be disappointed.  Oralè.
Best al pastor tacos this side of the border, I grew up in Mexico, and I gotta tell you, is really hard to find authentic Mexican flavor.  I followed the advice of yelpers in the search for the best place for tacos, it was right on, so juicy, tasty, I'm going back for more. 
It is a very short walk from Freemont, and I felt safe as well. Highly recommend!
Great tacos. From now on when I  am in Las Vegas on a food bender, this is the first stop. 

The El pastor was amazing, juicy and plentiful. But it was all good. Full accompaniments of salsa and what not.

These guys work hard. Constant line of customers. So you know the food is fresh. 

Some of the best street tacos ever!
So we were driving away from the Cashman Center and my father-in-law (who owns a few taquerias in California) goes, "hey, pull over; those are going to be good tacos." We did and he was absolutely right. How he could tell that from 3 lanes away with the windows rolled up, I don't know - but I'm happy that he has psychic taco finding skills.

Hands down, Tacos El Pastorcito has the best al pastor in Vegas. I've been across the city from the chain stores to the street-corner taquerias whose menus aren't even in English. This place ranks at the very top. Yes, it's on a street corner in the parking lot of a tire shop -- BUT it has an "A" rating from the heath inspector (most mobile kitchens are "B"s at best). Yes, it's in a ghetto part of town, but it's 30 seconds off the freeway, so suck it up, jump off the 96 and risk your personal safety for 5 minutes while you pick up some of the best tacos in Vegas. 

The carne asada is worth the risk and the al Pastor will make you completely forget that you are surrounded by drunken creepers staggering home from Fremont Street.

Delicious!
Wow. Al pastor is amazing. Authentic and delicious tacos and salsas. Definitely going back tomorrow!
Official name: Tacos El Buen Pastor.

I guess they changed their name from Tacos El Pastorcito to Tacos El Buen Pastor a year ago, but their Yelp page fails to reflect that. Combine that with another taco stand's Yelp page that claims the same name and I am completely confused. The good thing is that they will always be at 530 N Las Vegas Blvd, regardless of name. 

The taco stand is situated on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Bonanza, which is home to Payless Tire Shop (open 24 hours). The space is unfortunately small, so parking sucks. There's usually a gentleman directing traffic and helping you park in tight spots, but he wasn't available when I arrived. I had to circle the block (not an easy feat on Las Vegas Blvd, home of no U-turns) and the only space that seemed plausible was the 7-11 parking lot across Bonanza. There are several unsavory folks that hang out there, so the key is to move quickly. Thankfully, there is a crosswalk at the light.

The tacos here are small, but just $2/each (except Lengua for $2.25). Their menu seems more extensive than other taco trucks in the valley, but primarily the same offerings. The salsa bar is also standard with three types of salsa, radish, cucumber, and toppings like diced white onions and cilantro. The mild salsa, made with green chiles and avocado, was particularly delicious.

I tried two tacos with Pastor and Lengua. The pastor comes with the perfectly sweet chopped pineapple that they heat up on the flattop as well. The pork is very flavorful with great spices and importantly tender. It made me appreciate Pastor and forget all about my love for Carne Asada. The Lengua was really great too; super tender! Their Al Pastor is definitely the best of the street vendors.
Best tacos in Las Vegas hands down! You though tacos el gordo or taco y taco were good? Then you need to be here. Perfect for the picky eaters who don't like too many ingredients because the meat itself is extremely satisfying. I honestly cannot get enough of these tacos.
Warning! This is a drunk review! 

So my coworker took me to the hood of Las Vegas claiming this place to be the best taco place in the city. To be honest, I was terrified and am still terrified. But after inhaling the tacos (al pastor with piña-pineapple, lengua, and buche), THESE ARE THEE MOST AMAZING TACOS I'VE HAD MY ENTIRE LIFE. Mind has been BLOWN out of my skull socket. So effin delicious!!!!!

Bring a friend (preferably a Spanish-speaking one) and some mase and come down to the hood to try these tacos. So F*CK*NG GOOD!
I don't know what the name is. I don't care.

The thing is, I was on my way somewhere else this afternoon and realized as I was getting off the highway that the intersection of Las Vegas Blvd and Bonanza was really, really close. So I went. And I found the trailer. And I ordered one single taco al pastor ($2.00 untaxed).

Best al pastor I have had yet.

There were no issues with saltiness, which has become all too common an issue at Taco y Taco as of late. There was also just savory, and sweet from the pork and pineapple, as well as the perfectly portioned complement of onions and cilantro, and some sort of green salsa. Side note: you have to add the onions and cilantro yourself from the condiment area, so I guess I know who to thank for all of that.

I will try other tacos when I can convince friends or family to go. But for now, I have validated for myself the hype from Yelp (and mainly Nelson Q.): this is definitely the spot for al pastor.
La comida bien nada mas la cajera  como q nesecita. Secretaria para q le. Conteste el cell y pueda. Atender. A los clientes
Best Pastor Tacos this side of the Border period!  I have tried to find good pastor tacos here in vegas for years, some that would be as good as the street tacos I had in Monterrey, Mexico every place has failed miserably except gordos tacos which are decent but not as good as these.  These matched the tacos I had in mexico, they also sell the "Gringa" taco which is the way many of the street vendors sell them in Monterrey, MX which is,:flour tortilla, white mexican cheese, lots of pastor meat, avacado slices.  I highly recommend the "Gringa" taco, it's big so one is usually enough.  In mexico they also sold one called a "Campechana"  which was exactly like a "Gringa" but it had pastor meat and bistec/steak meat mixed.
TACOS AL PASTOR WITH PINEAPPLE, ONION, CILANTRO AND THE ORANGE SALSA BOOM! Thank me later. Of course I stumbled onto this little taco cart after a night of partying downtown a few years ago and now I'll drive across town for a taco. It's on the corner in the parking lot of a tire shop and the parking can be crazy but who cares. The juiciest, most flavorful al pastor I've ever tried. I could drink their orange salsa it's so good. Make sure you scarf down your tacos in the parking lot because you'll go back to buy a couple of more, trust me!
to put it simply. when you are craving for tacos. this is a great spot to get that fix. pastor was marinated very well, pineapple with it is always good also, had the cabeza. taco truck in the hood, what more could you ask for.
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(163/365) "Still The Al Pastor Kings


Still the Al Pastor Kings IMHO, and you can double up the enjoyment by coming out on Wednesday which is two for one Al Pastor taco night! I found that out by accident on a recent visit ordering three Al Pastor and some bomb horchata.

The lady handed me my plate loaded with 6 tacos then told me what the deal was. No complaints here! At $2 a taco, you can't go wrong here, especially if you are looking for a good taco, they are found on the streets....Las Vegas Blvd. and Bonanza 
to be exact...and soon, their first brick and mortar location at Decatur and Meadows right across Cardenas!  ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter: \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  5
I came here on the 5th day that they were open. This little cafe is located inside the Touch Spa and Salon on Tropicana and Decatur inside the same plaza as Walgreen's. A bit hard to find, but well worth the hassle (if you're a little Vegas direction ignorant like I am.)

Chef Sheridan (the owner) is very nice and really seems to know what he's doing and talking about (without being a know-it-all.) I had no idea what to order, so he recommended the pork belly bao and one of the rice bowls. So of course, my boyfriend and I went with his recommendation and went with the pork belly bao as well as the beef steak bao and the chicken rice bowl.

Both the baos were great. I really liked that the pork belly was so fresh and the texture of the meat was nice and soft. It wasn't gamey at all either (I've experienced some extreme gaminess when eating pork belly at traditional Chinese restaurants.)  The pork belly bao had a little bit of sauce in it (I think it could've been hoisin sauce?) I would've preferred it with just a tad more of the sauce, but overall, this bao was deeelish.

Then I tried the beef bao, and the beef was nice and tender too. I thought the pickles were a very nice contrast to the meat here. The beef was very good, but the pork belly is better in my opinion.

Then we had the chicken bowl, (which actually comes in a box) and it was a lot bigger than I expected. It also came with a little side salad which I thoroughly enjoyed -- that dressing is like CRACK. The chicken was very tasty. I enjoyed it more so than the beef but not as much as the pork belly. The rice had a little broth on it, which is a nice change from plain white rice.

I did notice that the prices here are a bit steep, but you definitely get what you pay for -- good service and premium ingredients. Chef Sheridan took his time preparing every little thing and it really showed when eating the food, not to mention how everything was so fresh -- from the bao itself, to the meat, to the green onions and so on.

I believe they are also working on getting a truck started, hopefully it'll get started soon!! Can't wait to try it the next time I'm in Vegas.

Anyway, I highly recommend this place. It's cute, authentic and really hits the spot.

Love.
All I can say is NOM NOM NOM!!
I have always loved a tasty steamed bun (not like that perv!) I don't eat pork so normally I'm sh*t out of luck. Great Bao is awesome because they have pork belly, chicken, and a tofu/mushroom bun! WINNING! I tried both of my non porky options, and loved both. If I had to pick I would day the tofu is actually better, but again both good. The owners are so sweet and make a point to get to know everyone, which is great. The only downside is how small the space is (only 1 two-top table,) so you wouldn't be able to bring multiple friends for lunch or hang out forever and ever and stuff your face with deliciousness all day long...yes that IS my life..deal with it. 
In closing it's yummy, and if you like things that are yummy you should go there...now!
Wonderful authentic food with the chefs personal touch! 
Great service from very knowledgeable staff who takes the time to explain ingredients, and sources which makes the food so fantastic!
I tried one of everything since it was so reasonably priced! 
The Bao combo is the best deal. My favorite was the duck Bao, which was perfectly seasoned duck cooked to perfection nestled in-between fluffy Bao that was nice and airy with a hint of sweetness... just the right balance of everything! Then washed it all up with a Peach Italian soda... one of their many selection of refreshing beverages!
I highly recommend this place to people who wants to grab a quick bite and still enjoy exquisite cuisine... or those who have the time to sample an entire menu as I did, personally cooked and presented by the chef! 
Definitely The Great(est) Bao!
This is one of the more unique locations for an eatery -- inside a hair salon. But, make no mistake, what you'll find amid the massive space filled with hair products and styling stations is a tiny counter just past the reception desk that serves up some delicious food.

Don't be scared. It's ok to ignore the receptionist as you walk by her -- although a smile might be nice. Make your way to the counter and what you'll find is one of the nicest chefs in town, who also has an impressive resume. His previous position was as executive chef of Comme Ca at the Cosmopolitan. The intimate setting of the Great Bao café allows you to chat with the chef as he's cooking up your order. Think of it as a personalized foodie experience unlike any other.

The sesame noodles ($6.48) with chicken, cucumbers, carrots, bean sprouts, and sesame vinaigrette is excellent and a hefty portion if you're hungry.

The duck bao and tofu bao are very good but, the real show stopper is the pork belly. It's as tender, succulent, sweet and savory as you'll find. Together with the peanuts, cilantro, and greens it makes for a delicious dish that will make your mouth water. You can get three bao and a drink for $9.25.

They do have a couple two-tops in the salon you can eat at and they're planning on getting additional outdoor seating soon.
Food here is amazing!!  From the presentation of the food to flavor of the different meats, you can tell the expertise of the chef that prepared it!  Just awsome food period!

Highly recommend everyone to try the pork belly bao its very tender with great flavor!
Tucked inside the Touch Salon, we got a pedicure while waiting for our Bao, super nice people in a little Bao Cubby Hole.  Three bao, mix and match and a drink $10.  Duck was to die for good, Chicken and Beef went down well also with my commrade Bao virgins.  A portion of sesame noodles rounded us off.  Delish....I wish we had a Bao window/truck in Nashville.
So I meet up the homie at this spot. First time for both of us. POP!!! I tells her, "Where in the Hell?!?" The spot is located right in the cut of a salon. Weird. 

We both got two combos because we were hungry. $10 gets you 3 baos and a drink. 

This is my first time eating bao. Bao bread is this fluffy white wonder-looking-bread that tastes like it was baked right out of heaven. FOR REALLY DOE!!! We sampled the 4 different baos: chicken, beef, roasted duck, and pork belly. (My hunger made me forget to take pictures of all the different baos. Fail. I did remember to take a picture of the pork belly on round two)They were all good, but I'm a fan of pork belly. PORK BELLY GET IN MY BELLY!!! Coming in second place was the roasted duck. The chicken and beef both tied at an honorable third. 

This was definitely a great eating experience. Great company, great food, and a very unique venue for an in-the-cut cafe. There are like 3 areas to sit at. Don't bring a big party yo. The homie doing the cooking was very professional. Great job ninja!!! 

Coming back for more pork belly. EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!

Update 11/3/2011 - bao bread is the same bread as manapua. It tasted and felt familiar.  This place has the fluffiest kind I've come across so far.  Now you know, and knowing is half the battle!
Went over to one time only late bite event last night.  As usual, service n the food was amazing!

We never seem to make it home to eat our bao cause we end up finishing it even before getting to the freeway!! LOL!

If you haven't tried it yet, don't wait its that GREAT!  GREAT BAO that Is!!
There are certain Chinese snacks that are just downright sexy, and I think it's no accident that two of my favorites have the word bao, one being the xiao long bao (soup dumpling) and the other being the Taiwanese bao with braised pork belly.  Every time I see a photo of either one of these delectable treats, I feel like some food porn music should be cued in from the background (bao chicka bao bao!)
 
As much as I like the burgers at Bachi Burger, their rendition of Taiwanese bao recently bummed me out (nothing sexy about hardboiled eggs).  This indirectly prompted me on a quest to find a place in Vegas that delivered the goods, and little did I know my quest would be completed within a true hole-in-the-wall inside a beauty salon.  Upon walking in I am greeted by various ladies asking if I need a haircut and when I mention I am here for food they direct me towards the back where a pleasant gentleman is literally standing inside a space much like Lucy Van Pelt offering 5cents for psychiatric advice.  

As a first-timer, he recommends that I get the pork belly bao and sesame noodles and the food is prepared fresh to order.  As I am chatting up Chef Sheridan Su, I learn that he used to work in the kitchens at Comme Ca, Society, and Wazuzu on the strip, as well as in Mexico City and Barcelona.  I am inspired by the fact that he packed up his knives upon deciding he wanted to be his own boss and took up his savings to invest in a humble project making food inspired by his heritage, perhaps as a starting point to generate capital for something greater(incidentally, he chose the venue simply because it was the cheapest place available for rent on Craigslist)    

When my order is ready, I take my first bite into the bao and all is right in the world.  The white pillowy bun is perfectly steamed, the salty and unctuous pork belly fork tender, and the critical part missing in the Bachi version is the tartness of the chinese mustard greens and sweetness of the crushed peanut crumble (almost like a streudel) which synergize in perfect harmony.  The sesame noodles are a nice accompaniment with a healthy spring upon chewing the noodles, and freshly grated carrot, cucumber, wood-eared mushrooms, and tofu go well with the sesame dressing.  I probably would have added some chili oil or additional sesame paste to really perk up the flavors, but that's probably personal preference.   Price point for the noodles is a bit high at 7 bucks, but if you want value, probably best to get the 3 bao + drink special at 10 bucks.  I don't know if Chef Su is on his way to becoming the next David Chang, but I admire his spirit and plan to enjoy his handmade bao until he inevitably moves on to bigger and better things.
Bao down to great food!

I have been eyeing this fab joint from Clint's and others' reviews, and when in the area today, I stopped by for bao!

Greeted warmly by Chef Sheridan and Jenny - she immediately answered my questions with what to order: the special with chicken, beef and duck.  I told her the tofu sounded great, so that will be next time!  I got the mango passionfruit tea too (yummy!)

While I waited, we chatted about their business and other general stuff, and I learned that bao is from Taiwan.  I got to sample the seasonal butternut squash soup (it is almost like dessert!) and learned that their chicken rice bowl is a twist on Hainanese Chicken Rice.  Chef Sheridan told me to try the sesame noodles too.

I was served each bao one at a time (I sat at the counter in front of the register and saw the cooking and prep in action) - first duck, with its crispy skin and chives, then the juicy chicken with cilantro, and lastly, the beef which had a nice brisket texture.

Overall, I loved all THREE!  I need to get back for the tofu bao, the sesame noodles, the chicken rice, the smoothies....mm!  I hope I can get over here to make this a regular spot!

Credit cards accepted on slick phone app thingy and receipts are emailed or texted to you!
BAO CHICKA WOW WOW

Holy mother of god - I have just had multiple bao-gasms.  

The dynamic duo of Chef Sheridan of Jenny are like MJ and Scottie Pippen in the world of Bao's.  Each bao is specially hand crafted to perfection.  For 10 bucks, you get 3 steamed buns of goodness with a drink.  

I'd recommend trying one of each but in my opinion, the Peking Duck and Braised Pork are the star of the show.  You really can't go wrong with any of their Bao's but i am so partial to the duck with the smokiness and crispness from the skin.   I'm getting a little excited just writing about this right now.

Chef Sheridan and Jenny are extremely personable and are great people - they even write your name on your order like you're ordering a cup of Joe from Starbucks. 

Just a word of caution - this is not fast food.  Masterly trained and former disciple of Joel Robuchon, Chef Sheridan is perfecting art by steaming each indivdual bun and combinging the sauces, meat fillings and other tastiness.  While you're waiting you can scope out the scenary and even perhaps set up your next hair appointment in their salon.

I am definitely a fan of Great Bao - so much that I will be leaving shortly for my third trip.............in the same day!
After reading Clint's review, next lunch trip ( rarely eat lunch during week anymore ) was to Great Bao.  It's only a mile or so from the office so very convenient.  Gotta admit, this is up there as far as quirky locations for a restaurant.

the food - i went with the 3 bao combo ( includes a soda and chips though i didn't get the chips )   Went with the duck, the pork belly and the beef.

Shot the shit with the owner as he prepared the meal.  I like the guy, good attitude, entertained by his food truck adventures but what about the food ?

The duck was very flavorful, the beef, decent, the pork belly was the winner.  My only gripe - you don't get much for $10 - gotta take a star off for that.  Will i still come back - for sure !
The question of all questions after sharing with friends that I have eaten in a hair salon......can pieces of hair end up in your food?!  And the answer is NO....the place is legit and clean.  The setup is like a little side cafe/bistro....with 6 seats total next to the hair appointment check-in area.  

Chef Sheridan seems like a very humble and genuine chef.  He has a food truck that is out of commission...thus the need to continue his business inside the salon.  Points to him for thinking outside of the box and making the most of his situation.

The food is the BOMB DIGGITY and I do reserve this term only for special occasions.  The Taiwanese pork belly bao is my favorite, with the perfect combination of acidity with the pickled mustard greens, crunch of the peanuts, and melt in your mouth goodness of the pork belly.  Runner up is the Peking Duck Bao which is equally tasty with tender duck in hoisin sauce with a little crispy skin and a some crunch from the cucumbers.   The braised beef bao was good...but definitely not as good as the other two.  And there was a chicken option...but chicken is pretty much a vegetable in my diet....

Overall, I will be back many times to this establishment....and I hope Chef Sheridan gets a restaurant some day to match the quality of his food.
This place is outstanding and unique.  Not any place I can think of in Las Vegas to bet a bao of the caliber you get at Great Bao.

Run by Chef Sheridan and his fiance Jenny - I knew it was in a hair salon but upon seeing their space it was even smaller than I thought it was.  So what?  The food is awesome, the service is friendly, and the nice couple running the show deserve your patronage for the outstanding quality of their food.

Tried 2 different baos - pork belly and duck.  The pork belly was good though I think maybe the sauce could use slightly more acidity or flavor.  The duck, however, was absolutely perfect.  Crispy skin, perfectly cooked duck, hoisin sauce, and just enough veggies to give it texture and more flavor.

I love this place and will be back many times.  Also, Jenny went to Cal just like me.  Go Bears and Go Great Bao!
Holy Bao Great Bao!

Did you guys know that one of my favorite snacks when I was little (even up to now) are BAOS?  Not only is saying "BAO" fun, eating it is ever more exciting!  So what the heck is a BAO?

To be correct on the actual term, in Taiwan it is actually referred to as "Gua Bao".  The term bao can be generally described as a completely enclosed steam bun or some sort of a bun, but "Gua Bao" is more of the direct translation for the steam bun that is open faced.  (Imagine it as a fluffy taco bread would be the best description)

So how did I discover this place?  Heading into Vegas this past weekend I wanted to make a point to at least try out a local eatery that is high on the list and interesting.  Recently I've read the location in Studio City called "Take a Bao" and so since the term BAO was in my head and this listing popped up on yelp, I decided to go for it.  So what do I think of this?

1)  Very cool idea!  I'm extremely high on Taiwanese food and snacks not only because that I'm Taiwanese, but I truly believe that Taiwanese food scene is absolutely ridiculous in terms of their creativity but also  the flavor profile, therefore, I love this idea of bringing in food from Taiwan and China region where it is not the norm.  (I actually hate Chinese Restaurants.. they are all the same!)

2)  Flavor was good!  Fluffy white buns with filling just like I've imagined...  They have 5 flavors and we tried all of them!  (chicken, beef, duck, tofu/ mushroom and of course, Pork Belly)  All the flavors were delicious with the standout being the original pork belly, and the least liked which is the tofu/mushroom)  Pork belly was tender, soft, and delicious while the tofu/mushroom seem to lack some flavor which was expected though...  All other meats were also pretty tasty.

3)  Very intimate atmosphere in a very strange location.... it looked like a small temple/asian setting... cute little window and a tiny little spot.

So were there cons... of course...  (we never expect anyone to be absolutely perfect right?) So what are they?

1)  Location.  Despite how the decor looked, it was actually located inside a beauty shop of some sort...  It was tough for me to find in the beginning but good thing we found it.  

2)  Seating... not much... maybe like 4 chairs?  It's a tiny start up joint with great food but extremely limited seating... so having it to go may be a better idea

3)  Quantity....  The filling was a bit less for my taste as the Taiwanese version usually comes with a big slab of pork belly.  This just seem a bit small for my appetite.  However, it was enough to keep me going and not hungry.  (So it's just me... not you BAO!  LOL!)

4)  Price... it may seem a bit on the high side to you guys... but the one in Studio City cost more!  But if you have never tried it, it's great to give it a shot. (Baos ranged from $3.00-$3.50)

Overall experience:  Great idea, Tasty food, and hopefully they will have their own dedicated place soon.

Would I go back when I'm in the area?  Of course I will!  This niche snack conjures up childhood memories with every bite into the marhmellow like warm soft buns and it is definitely delicious!  So for all those yelpers in LV, go check them out!  And for those in LA who is visiting LV, give them a visit and compare them with Take a Bao and see which one is better!

Enjoy your BAOS!
It's been years since I've had hair on my head. So what am I doing inside a salon? Late on a Friday night, no less?

The answer involves three simple letters. BAO.

I've been wanting to check this place out for a while. I was in the area and found out via twitter that they were open late this Friday evening. (They've been staying open late on Friday nights for the past few weeks).

This cute little cafe is the epitome of random. Nestled within a pretty large salon, you will find Chef Sheridan Su and Jen Jen (it said that on her t-shirt) behind a small hole-in-the-wall counter. It's a very intimate setting and you get to watch them preparing your food. As such, I think I picked the perfect time to try this place for the first time. With no one else around, it felt like I was in their home and as they were fixing me a late night meal, we chatted back and forth getting to know one another.

With a couple as friendly and adorable as Sheridan and Jenny, I was immediately a fan of Great Bao, but how is their food?

I went with the ComBAO. This allows you to pick any three bao plus a drink for $10 (tax included). I opted for duck, pork, and chicken. The bread was so light and fluffy. I like theirs better than The Chairman truck. Each bao had something I liked and I fully enjoyed them all. But if I had to pick one, I'd probably go with duck. Honestly though, that's only ever-so-slightly ahead of pork, followed closely by chicken. According to Chef Su, I was the first to try a chicken wing version--the chicken bao is usually made with breast and thigh meat.

As for the drink, I went with a peach Italian soda with cream. It was surprisingly delicious. For some reason, it reminded me of a guava drink--very refreshing. After I was done with my three bao, Jenny asked me if I was ready for three more bao. What? I was so confused. Then she hands me a basket with three tiny balls of some sort of honey-biscuit-something-or-other. Funny and cute. Well played Jenny.

So a big thumbs up on the delicious food, the tasty beverage, the friendly service, the intimate atmosphere, and the quirky location inside a salon. Plus, I always love meeting awesome small business owners. Everything about Great Bao Asian Cafe is simply fantastic.
Great Bao is a hole in the wall extraordinaire.  It's located in the most unique location of all - in a small corner of a beauty salon.  In my opinion, Chef Sheridan takes the approach much like IN-N-OUT, taking a few items and doing it right.  Of course the restaurant names says it all on his most popular items, but he also serves other delicious sides.

On his bao's:
Have you ever been to a family dinner where you had the peking duck served with only 8 fluffy baos to 10 people, so you really couldn't indulge in the juicy meat with the light and sweet bao?  Here at Great Bao, you can definitely get as many bao's as you want and NOT have to share.  Hubbie and I tried the duck, beef and pork belly.  The pork belly bao was my favorite - it was juicy and warm.  The duck bao was my next favorite.  Chef makes it so that there is a little bit of crispy skin to tease you to want more.  I also overheard that he gets his bao's baked fresh from a local bakery, so no, no, they are NOT pre-packaged or frozen.

The other goods:
His sesame noodles are a light and tangy.  His chicken and rice give me the comfort food fuzzies.

Conclusion:  Great Bao - you've got it right.
This place is so good, its in a salon and there is one rickety table in front of a window with a kitchen the size of a closet. It must be good.

We ordered 2 of each except the tofu.
2 beef 2 duck 2 chicken and 2 pork belly. We inhaled all of them. 26$ i then i preceded to have 2 more duck, because they are legend....wait  for it....dary. my honey had another pork belly and tried there handmade sesame noodles with pork belly on them. anothe 17$ We will defiantly be back. The people that run the place are so nice and even asked our names.
Wow. This place just blew me away! Excellent food!!! Thx Jenny and Sheridan for a wonderful lunch experience! :)
It's aBAOt time someone opened up a restaurant dedicated to this delicate Chinese steam bun. The best way to try all the delicious type of bao is to go with another person. Between Vanessa N. and I we each got a duck bao and split the tofu, chicken, beef, and pork belly. Each were magnificent in their own right. The tofu and sauteed mushroom were tender while the fried garlic and scallions gave it a nice crunch. Pork belly is the way to go for melt in your mouth, fatty goodness. The chicken was ok, but nothing special. I could have eaten another of the beef or pork instead. The beef reminds me of a braised dish my mom makes and even more so after I got a taste of the pickled veggie. It was superb. The duck was good, but I was hoping for a little something more. The strip on duck skin was nice, but I would probably go with more scallions. I like a lot of crunch with my duck. It doesn't hurt if I could knock someone out with my breath as well.

For $10, you get a choice of three bao and a drink. Add a large bottle Coke for $1 or a smoothie for $2. Any other hot or cold drink is fair game. While Sheridan is working on these fluffy pillow-like masterpieces, Jenny will mix up a delightful drink. Reading Paolo D.'s review, I went with the Peach Italian soda. I asked for milk instead of cream and Jenny used soy. Always a good substitute. The drink was not too sweet and they use Pellegrino Sparkling Water. Fancy... 

Check in with Yelp and you get a free bag of chips. For a mere $20, you get a substantial meal with a drink for two. Amazing. 

To ease the minds of Sheridan and Jenny, I wasn't watching with hawk-like attentiveness to recreate their bao or to steal their recipes. :p Just a food enthusiast. When they produce such a great product, I cannot see myself do better at home.
Beware, this place will leave you wanting for more.  

Such weird location can only mean one thing.  SUCCESS FOR DELICIOUSNESS.  I figured if this place can stay open in a freakin salon, it must sell some dam good BAOs.

My favorite is the duck.  The tofu and mushroom was ok and pork belly was dam soft but not enough flavor.

However, after eating these, It just made me want to savage a Chinese restaurant for all their Peking ducks.
Mind you I'm not Asian and have never been to Asia, BUT, I can say this is the best Asian "sandwich" (bao, bahn mi, or otherwise) I've ever eaten!!! I'm concerned long term that word will get out and the scant 4 chairs available will always be full. Mind you, I love these little baos enough to eat them at my desk, or in my car... but I just don't see this place as having enough space to serve the demand that this place deserves ! For now, the space works, but once word gets out, I worry. 

I tried the 3 baos + drink for $10 combo. Tax is included and he has a nice variety of drinks to choose from. I felt the price/value was reasonable. I had a delightful mango passionfruit (?) iced tea with my beef bao, duck bao, and pork belly bao. 

I hate to rank them, because all 3 baos were incredible and I'd order that exact same order again and again. Each was served on a perfect bun brought in from his favorite bakery in LA.  If I had to choose a favorite - it would be the duck! The duck had a lovely consistency and he served it with 3 tiny pieces of crispy skin on top. YUM. The beef and pork belly were also amazing.  If I had to offer any criticism at all, it would be I'd prefer the pork belly a tad more crisp, but that's just my personal preference. 

The chef/owner has got serious credentials, and he puts a lot of love into these little baos. Luckily I work nearby so this will become a regular indulgence for me !
Next time I ask one of my friends to go to a hair salon with me, I hope they don't think I want to go get a haircut, because I'm taking them to go eat ! 

I know it goes against every fiber in your body to actually believe that this place is located inside a salon... or maybe that was just me. What? Who the heck wants to eat their food inside of a salon?! 

I DO !! 

But only because the food was amazing, as was the service. And despite what some may think, you do end up forgetting that you are in a salon.

Like most others, I did the three bao special that comes with a drink. I got a duck, beef, and pork bao. And while they were all good, I probably wouldn't get the pork one again. It just wasn't AS good for me as the duck and beef one. Hell, next time I go I'm probably just going to get 10 of the duck one. That one was by far my favorite. 

The only down side to this place was that unless you get more than three baos, you will probably leave still a bit hungry. I was left wanting more, but unfortunately did not have the time to wait for another order. 

I hope that they eventually expand out of the tiny space they have at the salon. The food and service is good enough to have their own space, without having to share it with people getting a haircut who are probably judging those of us trying to eat in a hair salon.
So what if its in a hair salon...worth the drive from the east side for some great tawainese (sp?) steamed buns! I had the pork belly, duck and chicken....and unlike the other reviewers, i'm not even going to try to pick my favorite....they were all super fresh and yummy, made right before my eyes in their teeny tiny kitchen.   Rumor has it that they're open late on friday (midnite) and you can byob.......sweet!
With all the hype and media that Great Bao has been getting lately, I had to check it out. My foodie senses were tingling when I heard of a hole-in-the-wall (literally) place that specializes in steamed bao sandwiches. You'll have to walk through a hair salon to get to it though!

I am a huge fan of the most delicious fluffy bao buns. Whether they be Cha Siu Bao stuffed with delicious BBQ pork, some savory Peking duck, or a delicious variety of sauteed vegetables--I'll eat it!

I chatted a bit with Jenny and Chef Sheridan--a couple of the nicest people I've met in a while. I ordered their "combo meal" of sorts: your choice of any 3 bao + any drink for $10. I opted for 1 beef, 1 pork belly, 1 duck + peach italian soda. The beef bao was my least favorite. The beef was flavorful but in comparison to the size of the bao bun, I felt it ended up being a bit bland. The duck was meaty and had just the slightest bit of crispy skin. GO FOR THE PORK BELLY! The pork belly was melt-in-your-mouth good. Flavor was awesome. Texture was awesome. And it was the perfect pair with the fresh bao.

I'll be back for another Pork Belly Bao and to try the rest of their menu. They've got smoothies, salads, and some noodles I hear are pretty awesome. 

Support local Las Vegas owned businesses! Visit Great Bao.
Baowow! 

I love myself a weirdo among the bunch. A food stall in Touch salon? Then I heard it's bao and I had to try it. I have always loved bao. I remember trips as a kid to Hong Kong and I would eat bao all day at this one particular stall where we can see them steaming the buns from the street. Every opportunity I see bao, I have to try.

 ABAO-t time we have a place in Vegas!

As far as baos go- these are solid.

The BF and I tried all the types. Personally the winner for me was the duck. The surprise standout was the chicken which was flavorful, moist..not something I would think I would like 2nd best. The tofu and mushroom would be great for fans of hiyayakko (raw) tofu. Beef was tender and reminds me of delicious braised stew I make. The pork belly is for people who love melty fat but I wanted a tad more salt on it. Good little snack or light lunch.

The purveyors of this tasty treat were very nice people. I heard of a bao truck in the works months ago and didn't know what came of it. Apparently, they did buy a truck and inherited a myriad of issues and it never took off....so here they are at a salon. I'm all for little dreamers and can't wait to see them take care of their debts and see there they take these buns. 

Will be back for sure to try the noodles, bowls and of course, more bao!
This bao is indeed great.

Very impressed with this little food shop inside a salon. Sheridan was incredibly friendly and even asked my name and made some chit chat with me while I waited for my food. He made the bao and sesame noodles with such care. It was fun just to watch. 

I ordered the combo (pork belly and beef, since he was unfortunately out of duck) with iced tea and a sesame noodle bowl with tofu. The food was delightful and very delicate. The noodles were spicy and delicious. I really enjoyed the tofu and mushrooms on top. They had great flavor and texture. The tea was fantastic too. Freshly brewed and had great depth. Like others have said, I wish the pork belly was slightly crispier, but it was still a solid dish!

I was really looking forward to the duck, but I guess that just gives me all the more reason to return.
The pork belly was my favorite!  Clean and cute inside.  Very interesting to sit and eat bao in a hair salon, but hey! It works and it was fun and yummy!
Holla!  You can get vegan bao!!! Tofu and mushroom.  Tofu = raw, mushrooms = fancy, like shiitakes and some other lil cute thing, not those gross ones that show up in every veggie stir fry. Bao = soft pillowy goodness.  I'm not a mushroom fan, so I was not completely wild over these (not their fault, I had to give it a shot without modification.  But I'm just saying, if you don't like mushrooms, this is not gonna be the time you change your mind.  If you do like em, you'll be in heaven.)  One bao $3.  Also got a noodle salad w/ sesame dressing, same tofu + mushrooms, and some cucumber and carrot ($7).  I totally dug this dish.  Simple but very tasty.  Between the two items, I was acceptably satiated.  Will definitely be back.  The owner was super nice and friendly too.  Good for a take out lunch.

I'm sure everyone else's review will say this too, but just in case -- it is kinda hidden inside a salon.  When I was there, the outside sign that said Great Bao, had come a bit loose from the building front, so you really could't see where it was til you got right up to the door.  But don't be afraid! Charge right in.  And if you're in the mood, get a pedicure while you wait.
My adventure bug hit one slow afternoon at work, and I was determined to try something completely new for dinner.  So I perused my trusty friend, Yelp, for some ideas and that's when I came across The Great Bao.  They offered a veg-friendly bao, was located right near where I worked,  AND it was in a beauty salon!  I just had to go!  So at 5 o'clock I hopped in the car with the husband and was off to an adventure.

"It's in a salon," I said.  "What do you mean *in* a salon?" asked the husband.  I responded, "I mean, you go inside a salon and it's supposedly somewhere in there."  "That doesn't make sense."  No it really doesn't make sense, but you have to trust me- there is a large beauty salon with a small nail salon right next to it.  Do not peek your head in the nail salon like I did; this is not correct.  Go through the beauty salon, walk past the nail polish, and find the literal hole in the wall.  

We were greeted by Jenny and Chef Sheridan who were both very friendly and happy to answer my questions.  We ended up ordering a bao combo (all tofu) with the mango passionfruit iced tea.  We also ordered the sesame noodles.  The tea was refreshing and not too sweet and went really well with the tofu bao.  The sesame noodles were flavorful and topped with little slices of raw tofu, cilantro, and green onion.  The dish had a nice little spicy bite to it without being overpowering.  My husband and I both really enjoyed it.

But to the star of the show: the great bao!  Now I used to be lame in my younger days and wasn't too adventurous with my eats.  I never had Chinese buns before let alone a bao, so this was my first go at anything like it.  Holy crap it was amazing!  I loved the taste and texture of the bao and it worked so well with the tofu and mushrooms.  There were a variety of mushrooms, including some adorable tiny ones, and they were very fresh.  The sauce was fantastic.

I went to bed that night with dreams of bao in my head and wound up stopping back a couple days later.  I wanted to dine in, but didn't have a lot of time. So I called before we left and they graciously made the order ahead for me.  I got to The Great Bao a few minutes later and everything was ready to go and just as delicious as the first time!

If I could make any suggestions it would be to maybe marinate the tofu to give it a little more flavor (yes, yes I know...it's tofu...please no smart comments).  Also, more veggie bao options for me to devour, please!

Give yourself a little adventure and hit up The Great Bao -that way you can say you ate at a restaurant inside of a beauty salon.  And do it soon because I have a feeling they'll be getting a bigger place any day now!
The lady that attended to all our needs was very friendly. She also looks familiar, but I can't quite remember from where.. hm.

My friend and I got the comBAO for $10 (including a drink). It's in these buns that I've been familiar with when I was younger and living in China - or someplace like New York. I got duck, beef, and pork belly. I preferred the duck the most. I'm going to try the tofu and chicken next, but definitely will be getting duck again. Not so sure about the chicken and pork belly. I love pork belly in general though.. but chicken's not my thing so it's okay.

Their drink choices seem pretty extensive for such a small joint. Awesome. It's in a salon so after you get used to the smell of all the hair products, you'll be able to enjoy your food :D. Plus, service is awesome so that's always a plus!

I'll be back soon.
The first time I went here, I had the 3 bao combo for $10.  I had two pork belly baos, one with duck and Sprite in a glass bottle.  Although the pork belly baos were good, I have to say I liked the duck bao a little bit better.  The skin was crispy and the meat was great.  Unfortunately, after I left, I realized I was still hungry and went home hungry.  So, I actually ate leftovers at home.  Overall, though the food was good, the portions are a little small for me and was left unsatisfied.  I suggest they have a 4 bao combo for $12.  Also, I was the only one there and had to wait a while to get my food.

During the second time, I thought I would try their sesame chicken noodle dish and also had a duck bao.  The noodle dish was good and filled me up a bit more than the first time I went.  It had the right level of spiciness for me as well.  The duck bao was still good.  There were a few more people there when I went this time.  I was second in line and a few more came after me.  Again, I had to wait a while to get the food.  I felt bad for the people that came after me, as their wait was longer (20 min and counting when I left).

I wish I could give this place more stars like the other reviewers.  I have no complaints about the taste, but I don't think it is worth the money and time.  With the size of the baos and the meat portions, I think it would be a good price if it was 50 cents less.  The sesame noodle is a better value at $6, instead of $7.  Contrary to another reviewer, I thought The Chairman food truck's pork belly baos were way better.  Though it was a little more expensive, the taste, bao size, and meat portion was worth the price.  Unfortunately, they were only visiting Vegas for a special event and reside in San Francisco.

I would still recommend people to try this place out, if you want to try bao sandwiches.  They are good as a snack.  Expect a little wait.
Haven't been to the salon yet, but having read the highly rated Yelp reviews and hearing great things about Chef Sheridan, his wife Jenny, we immediately booked spots
for Great Bao Asian Cafe's Pop-up restaurant/dinner, Hawk'r.

This sold out event held at Bread and Butter featured a six- course meal provided by Chef Su. My favorites of the evening was the Hamachi course as well as the popular Great Bao. Overall,  great concept, but kinda left me expecting a little more. Looking forward to trying more of  Chef Su's creations in the future. +1 star for the huge bag of Red Velvet Bagels Chris gave us on the way out!....ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(134/365) "Poppin' Up at Bread and Butter"
We heard about the Great Bao Asian Cafe from Las Vegas Weekly. My husband and I are totally about trying new places, and hole in the walls. This certainly feels like a hole in the wall. You have to enter into a salon, where the cafe is the center of it. It is quite interesting. 

I wish the smell of acrylic from the nail salon was not so strong. It is very strange to smell delicious baos, mixed with acrylic and hair dye. 

But as for as the food, my husband and I tried all their baos! These baos from Great Bao are delicious.  I actually think we had about 2-3 of each kind... individually! The pork bao was a bit fatty for my husband's liking, but I thought it was still very good. Our favorite has to be the duck! The crispy duck skin is just fantastic. My husband does not like duck, but he really really liked their duck. 

The service was excellent. We dined in, since we didnt know that you could order on the phone for pick up. The owners were so nice, and they gave us duck consomme (like a duck broth) to  have while we waited. The baos are very reasonably priced also. Be careful if you are a late-night eater. They are usually only open till 7pm... and I have seen their status on FB say they have even 'sold out for the day' a few times.

Thank you for the baos!! WE WILL BE BACK!
We stopped by for dinner on a Thursday right a 6:15PM.  

Upon entering Touch Spa Salon, the scent of chemicals attacked me and I wonder if that will interfere with my dining experience at Great Bao.  There were two small tables with padded chairs under each table.  

Jenny was very helpful with the menu.  After little to no hesitation, we ordered the sesame noodle and the baos.  

Sesame noodle, choice of chicken or tofu:  We chose chicken.  Wowee.  After the first bite, the chemical smell I had inhaled and worried about was not on my mind at all.  Yes, this noodle was that delicious.  The noodle have the perfect texture, neither soggy nor hard...Perfecto! The noodle is tossed in a sesame vinaigrette, along with julienne cucumber and carrots.  Jenny asked if we want it a little spicy, and a bit of satay was added on top of the noodle.

Choose 3 Bao + Drink:  We chose the mushroom and tofu, roast duck, and pork belly.  We also chose the mango passionfruit tea and that can be made sweeten or unsweetened.  
-mushroom and tofu:  there were three types of mushroom in this bao.  Very refreshing.
-pork belly bao:  the pork belly has a nice crisp to it.  So GOOD.  
-roast duck bao:  duck chicharron w/duck meat.  This is the BEST roast duck bao I have ever consume.  

At the end of our dinner, Jenny bought out to us pieces of sweet creation by Chef Su, bao topped with condensed milk and crush peanuts.  Simple and Sweet.  Love it.

We are fans of Great Bao, and I am pondering right now if they are open...

Thank you Chef Su and Jenny!  You guys ROCK!!
The buns deserve 5 stars!   But it's not exactly located on the strip, so we had to take a taxi roundtrip to get there to try out these great buns, so if you don't hv a car rental, transportation can be costly unless you wait for the bus.

Jenny was very nice telling us the ingredients involved in the great buns, I also tried out the smoothie, and it tastes pretty healthy!  Love it, will definitely go back if we rent a car next time!
Roast Duck Bao is roast duck with pickled radish, scallion, and hoisin sauce. The duck is tender and reminiscent of Chinese roast duck. The pickled radish adds a sweet and sour component balancing out the duck flavor. The hoisin sauce ties the components together. The flavors complete the ying and yang component. It's the star of the dish - soft, fluffy, slightly sweet, and perfectly steamed with a glistening glaze on the outside. Thumbs up, way up!

Tofu Bao is sweet shoyu (soy sauce), tofu, roasted mushroom, and green onions. Wow! For a vegetarian option, you never even miss the meat. The tofu is soft like pork belly and just melts in your mouth. The roasted mushrooms add a meat-like texture and a smoky flavor. The creaminess of the tofu and the nuttiness from the mushrooms are a dynamic combination and would make any vegetarian or carnivore happy. Thumbs up, way up!

Pork Belly Bao is pork belly with pickled mustard greens and crushed peanuts. OMG! This bao is to die for! The pork belly is soft like butter and is melt-in-your-mouth delicious! The crushed peanuts add a crunchy texture and flavor reminiscent of Asian cuisine. Thumbs up, way up!
The Look and Feel of the Restaurant
This place is located inside Touch Spa Salon just in the back.  The only thing that really bothered me was the smell of chemicals from the salon.  The place has a few small tables and chairs so you can sit and dine, but the last time I checked, there were only about 3 tables (with two chairs each).  

The Service
The service was outstanding.  The owner of the place is very friendly.  The food took a while to come out, but someone would let us know every few minutes the status our order.  For the most part, after you order your food, you service yourself as there are napkins, straws, condiments etc. whatever you need at the cashier's counter.  

Ordering
I had the bao special which means 3 small bao + drink for $10 (that includes tax).   These are not like the traditional ball-like bao you see in regular chinese restaurants.  They are more like bao sandwiches. I ordered:
Roast Duck - This was delicious.  Very tender.  It's kind of like the stuff they have at chinese restaurants.
Pork Belly - Nice and juicy, full of flavor.
Beef - The least of my favorite as the beef was dry and cold.

Each bao had a little bit of scallion, cilantro, oyster/hoisin sauce on it, but could have used some more sauce.  The order took about 20 minutes to come out (which is a long time considering there weren't too many orders made at that time).  The presentation was really nice.  The bao came lined up on a wooden shopping board. I felt so fancy eating it.  And even when we got our food, it didn't seem like it was piping hot or anything.  It was just warm and some parts of the meat were even cold.  The flavor was definitely good though.  
At the end of the meal, I was still hungry.  It was like I just had an great appetizer and was ready for the main course.  Even my girlfriend finished her whole order of the bao special.  This almost never happens and is a sure sign that the portions are too small.  Usually after finishing my food, I look forward to my girlfriend saying, "babe, I can't finish this.  Can you finish this to me?"  But this time, it never came.  It never came.  On a serious note, outstanding bao like this can be found at any dim sum restaurant and for cheaper (which is strange considering this place is located in a nail salon; you'd expect prices at Great Bao to be a tad cheaper since operating costs should be lower).

Conclusion
I'd give this place a 3.5.  Their bao are delicious, but it's not anything extraordinary.  The price and the portion is really what put me off.  I know 3 bao + a drink for $10 doesn't sound like much money, but honestly each bao could be eaten in 2 bites.  I left still hungry and wondering if I should go get more food elsewhere.  I probably would not return unless they lower their prices ($7.50 max for bao special) or offer bigger portions.  My reasoning?  I would not pay any more than $2/bao.  The drink should cost around $1.50.
Tried the combo and had to return for seconds on the belly pork bao. It was that good. The sesame noodle was also great. Will definitely return. The owners were both so friendly and helpful.
Arrived at 11:15am, no lights are on in the cafe...

"Are they not open Today?" I asked,..

Receptionist at the counter answers after a long pause- "They usually come in at 11:30"...."Huh?????"

Waiting in the car, another couple comes in wanting to get their Bao on...No dice...
11:20...11:30...11:45am

Check the Yelp App for their hours...11am-7pm.....in green letters, Open....

Oh well, Plan B........ALOHA!!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(144/365) "Out of Order"
omg YUMMY ;p
The food here is really good! I loved the pork/duck buns and LOVED the noodles. However, I'm going to take a star out because the location is just so awkward.. I love to sit down and eat a good meal, but there is VERY little space to sit down. First off, it is located in a SALON so while you eat these delicious buns, you have to smell all these different hair chemicals that just do not go well with your meal. The tables are tiny so you have to put some stuff on your lap. You can also hear the ladies of the salon talking to their own customers about perms, colors, and cuts. I wish they had an outdoor seating area... Or if you guys dont mind, take it to-go.

The owners are super friendly and explain well what goes inside each item. I would only come back here to see the owners and eat the good food (TOGO).
Bao chicka wow woww.. okay, I'm done.  Great Bao is hidden in a salon and would've never knew it if my friend hadn't directed me in the right direction.  But, alas, we found it.  Jenny and Chef Sheridan was very nice and greeted us immediately.  Jenny gave us a few suggestions off of the menu and we got to ordering.  I opted for the tofu & mushroom bao but they ran out of tofu!!  So, I prompty opted for a mushroom only version and also ordered a tofu-less tofu & mushroom salad to grub on as well.  They have a variety of drinks (including smoothies) but I opted for some hot jasmine green tea.  Jenny asked me for the names of the peeps in our group and she went on to write alliterative adjectives (how's that awesome alliteration for ya) in front of our names.  I believe mine was 'Brotherly Bronsen'.  I have a brother and my name is Bronsen.  Spot on, Jenny!  Haha anyway, they cooked up the bao for me and my group and it was grubbin'.  Annnddd if you check in on any social site (yes, including yelp), they give you a free bag of chips.  Not bad.  Good food, great service, and awesome convos.. definitely will be back.  Hopefully they save some tofu for me next time!!
Sure, I read about this place from some very wise sounding yelpers.  It's about 10 minutes west of the strip on Tropicana in a strip mall next to a sushi and chinese restaurant.  Yet there's only a sign for a salon, but due to a yelp photo I recognized it and found nirvana.  You walk by the salon's reception desk, pass the foot soaking tub room and hair products inside the interior window and find this little food counter staffed by two perfect hosts.

Sheridan is about to be one of the region's top chefs- the next David Chang.  I felt so lucky to get in here while he and Jenny (correct?  I sure hope so) can still socialize and seem so happy and relaxed while making some of the BEST FOOD I'VE HAD IN MY LIFE.  This place is only 4 months old.

I took their recommended 3 buns and a drink for $10.  While I could have chosen a $5 smoothie for my drink, I had a perfect jasmine tea while watching Sheridan make my perfect Sesame noodle dish.  The noodles were the BEST tasting I've ever eaten- a sublime fresh taste/feel.  The pork belly bao bun was crispy, juicy, fatty, and cooked to perfection.  I normally don't eat duck but one bite into this masterpiece had me ordering a second one posthaste.

The skin on the duck was indescribably crispy.  It was truly without compare.  In fact all foods should use this duck as the reference standard when describing crispy.  The duck itself was soft, moist, and tender.  The bun was a perfect compliment.  Here in Vegas I took a gamble and drove out here and not only found amazing Taiwanese food, but some of the finest quality food on the planet.

Fly to Vegas ASAP to come here!  Otherwise drive here!  If you don't have a car, then start walking.  If no legs, then crawl.  Leave now before this magical experience changes.
I came in here because I heard so much about it on Yelp and different local weeklies. I'm glad Yelpers told me that it was in the Spa Salon because I would have never found it. 

It was evening when I came in so it was rather quiet throughout the place. I like quiet. I walked up to the counter and recognized Jenny. We volunteered for a Yelp event the week before. I tell you she's good at sales and passing out Yelp flyers. 

Ok, back on track, she explained the menu to me and I ordered the sesame noodles and the combo bao special. As I was waiting, I was served a duck consomme.. how fancy. Did not expect that at all and it was the first time I've had duck consomme. It was surprisingly good especially with the mini diced carrots. 

Noodles next, I did not think the noodles was going to be such a large portion but I finished it all, really quickly mind you. It was simple and to the point. I know it's not traditional but I would have liked mine to be really spicy. Nothing like spicy noodles to open up your appetite. 

And next the baos, I had pork belly, duck and vege. Because I'm generally not a bun/white bread eater, I ended up eating the inside and left a lot of bao. Insides of all the baos I had were seasoned perfectly and had great flavor. Of course my favorite one was the pork belly. You can never go wrong with pork belly. 

Looking forward to my next visit. Hope you are well Jenny and Sheriden. Like I said you have a niche business and thank you for opening and providing us with great baos!
I celebrated my birthday in Vegas. Now that I am 21, I am able to roam freely without being denied entry to a casino ground or anywhere else. I stayed with my sister who recommended this place to me. Let me get going on the review!

As I walked into the shop location, I came across this extremely strong scent of chemicals; It is located in the back of the salon. I was a bit iffy. I thought the scent would have affected the shop's food. I stepped up to the counter and was greeted by young lady name Jenny. She told me the history of why she and the chef, Sheridan opened the place. Ask them yourselves. They won't bite (you). Haha.

Food I ordered:
Roasted Duck Bao - This bao wasn't as messy as I thought it would be. I thought it'd be a typical chinese restaurant bao. Their bao's at warm and fluffy.
Pork Belly Bao (2) - Unbelievable! I've never had such a crispy pork belly bao before! The pork belly is thinly sliced and cooked to a crispy perfection. Each bite I took was more delicious; I would be able to taste each ingredient.
Green Smoothie - Absolutely delicious and refreshing. I highly recommend this even though it costs a couple bucks more. Sure you're grown up enough to eat your vegetables but the way they made the smoothie will absolutely have you wanting more.

This is a good stop for someone that wants to enjoy their food; It does take a bit of time to get your food but good for takes time.
Had the 3 bao combo + ice tea.   Loved every bite of it!
We tried every bao, and we loved them all! The duck was the best one. It was crispy and not too fatty...we had to order a second. Pork belly was the runner up. Even the tofu bao satisfied these two carnivores. If you appreciate fresh food and don't mind eating off a tv tray, then this place is for you! Think of it as an indoor food truck.
I'm not aBaot to get started on any idioms with the name.. Great Bao is simply just an honest to god, whole hearted food stand that serves Great Bao from the soul.  Next time you have a $10 bill, spend it on the comBao of roast duck, pork belly, beef and a drink with tax already included.  Forget the fact that the place is nestled in a hair salon.. what better place to get your fill and a make over all at the same time!  Chef Sheridan and his wife make a fantastic duo which adds on to the personable and Baontiful experience at Great Bao.  The chef creates each individual Bao using only chopsticks with precision equaling perfection.  Just make sure you eat it while its Hot!  The only thing I have to say is I wish the price could either be a little cheaper or the portions a little bigger... Nevertheless, Bao me up!
Incredible "Chinese sandwiches"!  (I promise I'm Asian).

There is no other way to describe the excellent, deeply flavored pork belly, chicken, and roast duck, perfectly balanced with pickled and fresh veg, sandwiched in a Chinese steam bread.   (I know, its called bao).

It sounds like this food is served from a food truck right?  It's not.  It's served from a hair salon and day spa.  Very logical.  

Regardless, the quality of the food and its presentation are excellent.  The steam bread, perfect.  Gently flavored, moist, chewy and pillowy at the same time.  The pork belly is well rendered.  Juicy but not greasy.  Tender pork, fatty heaven!  The roast duck, dense and moist, with smoky ducky goodness capped by crispy skin.  With the addition of the veg, each bao achieves the sweet, sour, salty, bitter flavor and textural balance.  Other versions are also offered including a vegetarian tofu and mushroom bao.

Really good eats that can be appreciated even by those who think Chinese food is General Tso's Chicken with shrimp fried rice.

Prices are reasonable for the quality.  $3 and change for a single bao.  $10 for three bao and a drink.

They do sell out so check their Facebook page or Twitter feed before going.
Great Bao reminded me "secret pizza at Cosmopolitan hotel" all the time because its secret location (located inside hair salon in 24 fitness plaza on Tropicana / Decatur). Every time I came back here, food just got better and better!  Both food quality and price are great. Bao combo is $10 comes with 3 baos with a drink. I pretty much tried everything on the menu. All their baos tasted amazingly good especially the pork belly one. Chef Sheridan seared fried the pork belly right before serving on the bun. I just loved so much about the texture of pork belly. It tasted just a little bit crispy from outside and buttery from inside. I probably could eat 20 of it if it wouldn't affect my weights lol ...  Desert bao is their secret menu item (fried bun of bao with condensed mik and peanut powders) which is also very good.

I also like their green smoothie a lot. Its made with Spinach, Banana, Berries & Honey. It tasted light & little sweet and matched perfectly with greasy comfort baos!
The Prince of Taiwan had just eaten lunch at another joint but had to invest some time in coming to this delightful hole in a wall type place located inside a hair salon place..yeah..you heard that right. You can get your bikini wax and some chinese food all at the same place..or even the same time if you are adventurous enough.

The P o T has been to many exotic places to eat in the past years, from sashimi off the bodies of nekkid chicks to Thomas Keller's Bouchon in Napa, but his heart will forever be given to small mom and pop type places whos passion for cooking spills forth in their service and food. 

I demand everyone who goes to Las Vegas to give this tiny place a try.  I met with the chef and wife (?) who were very nice and friendly. We chatted about their business, and how they got started, to the food scene in Vegas and my native San Francisco. They apparently know the folks over at the Bay Area Chairman Bao, but I have to say thier stuff is a notch above. Everything is made to order, and the chef, a big bald dude that can probably twist me into the shape of a pretzel, was making my stomach beg for mercy while he seared my meat. That sounded dirty...sorry.


Get the best deal, which is the 3 bao plus drink for 1o bucks. boss/Wife and I got the pork belly, mushroom/ tofu, and the duck. each was delicious and off the chain. so good Jeremy Lin can be bribed to lose a game or two for some of these bad boys. 

Pork belly is seared perfectly, as was the mushroom cooked to a T. but it was the DUCK DUCK DUCK that had the Prince of Taiwan howling at the moon, scaring all the white folk in the salon. tender morsel of duck with some pickled veggies gave it a perfect bite and crunch. It is most worthy. Crackhead worthy. 

They say they are soon filming a show for Food Network next month and I wish them the very best. 

All my loyal padawans out there....go now and get bao'd.
Everything tasted fresh and well seasoned. Service is friendly too. Definitely worth going back for more!
I'd like to officially thank yelp and my GPS for this find!  This restaurant is more of a pass through between the chef and his little burners and you and a couple teeny, tiny tables, all located inside a sprawling beauty salon in a huge strip mall.  They close early - like 7pm - but act like your Grandma and eat your dinner early, damn it!

The 3 Bao + drink (delish Italian soda) special for $10 is a steal for the fun, fresh uniqueness.  I chose three different bao fillings:

 - Peking Duck, complete with crispy skin, crunchy veggies and Hoisin sauce
 - marinated chicken with cilantro and lime
 - Pork Belly with cucumber, green onion and Hoisin sauce

Whichever I was shoving in my mouth at the time was my favorite.  And the buns, so soft and squishy, were utter perfection.

I got to speak to the owner and his wife (?) while he was preparing my food.  I told him yelp had brought me to him, and he said they're getting huge press from us and local papers (I just went on their website and saw they'll be closed for a week coming up for filming a TV show!  Get in there now before the mad rush!!).  Now that I've tried their bao, I can see why they've already got a devoted following.
They have great baos, too little choices thou. It was kinda hard to locate since its inside a salon with a window counter next to the receiption area. If you have a huge party, I suggest you order take out since their won't be enough room for more than 5 people. 

The server girl is really nice and the chef too, but he doesn't talk much! 

The $10 combo is a great deal, you get 3 baos of your choice and a drink!!! 

Hopefully they will have their own restaurant when we come back for a visit next year!!!!
delicious! absolutely a must when ever you're in town. prepare to have your taste buds rocked!
I must say, this is the most awkward set for a cafe/restaurant.  It's located next to a smoke shop which is located right next tfo 21 Sushi.  BUT you would still have a awkward time finding because it's located inside a hair salon which is the actual business next to the smoke shop which is next to 21 Sushi.  AND there is merely a banner displaying below the salon which is half falling down.  So, if you all these business's don't  fret, you are headed in the right direction.

Walk into the salon that accommodates nearly no seating.  So, be ready to get your food to go or sit in the car and eat it.  Each Bao is over $3 and they are small.  The flavor is merely ok, for my tastes.  This is what we had:

- duck bao
- pulled pork bao
- pork belly bao
- chicken and rice bowl
- sesame noodle w/chicken (this dish was my fav but over priced)
- italian sodas (vanilla and peach)  Most of us preferred the vanilla

All three bao's had very little meat.  I am no bao connoisseur and compared their bao's to the Vietnamese tacos I've had at the Cheesecake Factory.  The Vietnamese taco's are full of meat and much more flavor.  Granted you only get pulled bbq pork as an option but I'd much prefer to have those.  I really get that happy satisfying feeling after eating those...and I'm quite content after eating them, which was not the case for this place.

The service was impeccable.   They explained what everything was and even how to eat to my brother. They messed one of my orders and then tried to give me someone else's.  But they were so sweet about it.  The messed up order ended up being a good mistake for my daughter.  She preferred the pork belly over the pulled pork that we originally ordered.

The food wasn't bad, I've just had better.  I don't think I would go out of my way to eat here again.  But if I'm in the area I might pop in for the sesame noodle bowl w/ chicken.
This place is on of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas.  Tucked away in the Touch Nail Salon at Tropicana/Decatur, do not judge this book by its size or cover.  The chef is a very nice and humble man who cares about his customer satisfaction.  The prices are reasonable for what you get.  The food is excellent and the ingredients are fresh and flavorful.  I get the combo platter due to the value (choice of 3 bao and a drink), and the option to mix and match bao.  I have tried the pork belly, duck, chicken, and pulled pork bao.  I am not going to get technical with all the ingredients and flavors in the bao, but let us just say that I have nothing bad to say about them.  I cannot pick a favorite because they are equally great.  When the Great Bao food truck opens, I will be sure to follow it.  I wish the owner the best of luck with this business, and I will be sure to return to this establishment often.
Great food - had the duck bao, the chicken bao and the pork belly bao - every one of them was excellent.  If pressed, I would have to say the pork belly bao was my favorite by a slim margin (but the crunchy garnish on the chicken bao was amazing, unique and excellent - so consider me on the fence here)  Chef Su (Sheridan) was very friendly - this is truly one of the great food experiences in Las Vegas - the 'urban irony' of such great food and service in such a simple, unassuming and unexpected setting adds to the great quality of the experience in my mind.  Definitely worth a visit, and I will return, without question.
This place is okay. The thing that bugged me about it was that it's located inside a hair salon and the fumes from the hair/nail products made me nauseous. Plus there are only like 2 small tables and if those are filled you have to sit on the couch. Food is good, the 3 bao special is excellent taste-wise, but in my opinion it's a tad pricey and doesn't really fill you, and the Italian soda they pushed wasn't all that great. I give it 3 stars for now, but I heard they have a food truck...I'll wait to see how that is! So taste-wise I give it 5 stars, but atmosphere I give it 2.
Amazing Chinese Bun sandwiches.  The place is kinda hard to find its inside a nail salon.  He is starting a food truck in addition the store soon.  I would highly recommend trying this place. $10 dollars for 3 buns and a drink great value.
Yummy baos in my belly! 

I honestly found it quite odd to find it inside a salon. Anywho.

Both of the people behind the counter were really nice. They actually started a conversation with me and asked me questions while cooking. I ordered the comBAO, which gives you 3 baos and a drink for $10 (which is a great deal since each bao is $3). I got pork belly, roasted duck and pulled pork. My favorite is the duck (second would be pork belly). 

For my drink, I got the Italian soda with raspberry flavoring. It's a great way to cleans the palate after eating such flavorful baos. 

I'm honestly hooked! These baos are so yummy! Each different kind of bao has its own distinct tastes and the right ingredients added to enhance each flavor. Definitely a place I'll stop by whenever I want a quick lunch otw home from school.
Came to Great Bao's solely on a recommendation from my friend who is a chef. He was taught by the owner of Great Bao's, Chef Sheridan. Who also cooked at Michelin Starred, Sona and various other restaurants around Las Vegas.

Great Bao's is tucked in a shopping plaza and inside of a hair salon. Yes you read right, a hair salon. Searching for this venue was like playing a RPG game. It is in a hair salon and literally the restaurant is in a shack. NO more than 2 people can fit into the kitchen and maybe 5 people at most can eat at a time. But don't let the exterior decor fool you. Chef Sheridan is no joke on his tiny electric stove. It shows. People will line up just to try one hell all of his baos. 

I absolutely love his concept and his food, obviously. Simple items made to perfection. Order ANY of the baos. They are all great. No lie. I just ate whatever he flowed to me. He started me off with the sesame noodle salad as a starter. A great crisp appetizer worth every bite. Pork belly, Duck, Pulled Puck and a drink for $10. Really can't beat that. Special shoutout to his lady for making those mocha shakes cause we had to hit the road back to California right after. We even ordered another round of 3 bao's for the road. They are THAT awesome!

The bao's were as good if not better than David Chang's Momofuku buns and a clear competitor to Ippudo's in NY's.

Make it a point to visit Great Bao. I rec' friends to go and they are overly impressed.

Happy for you Chef Sheridan. Best of luck with your endeavors!
I was stressed and depressed the day I visited Great Bao.  Once again, I was starting to say farewell to yet another great friend leaving this forsaken desert of a town for a more wholesome and fulfilling place to live.  My usual love-hate relationship with Vegas took a turn for negativity and I could hardly remember why I'm still breathing this sandblasted allergy-inducing air.  My Mr. who has a relentless propensity for optimism (thank heavens for him) decided to cheer me up by taking me out to Starbucks, which didn't help, until I realize that Great Bao was footsteps away.

This place renewed my hopes for Vegas, its random location inside a hair salon makes you think you're in New York or San Fran, it's perfectly quaint and quirky.  Arriving shortly before their closing hour, I was the only one there, a perfect time to meet Chef Sheridan and his fiance, a couple so adorable you'd want to start planning their wedding.  6 seats total, 2 at the counter, the environment is minimal and intimate and all about the food.  While Chef Sheridan makes the food, I stand at the counter and read the various articles written about their story.  You can't help but start rooting for him!  Once an executive chefs at celebrity restaurants like Wazuzu and Comme Ca, Sheridan followed his dream to a Bao food truck, only to discover that following your dream can take you down rocky paths, so now they're at the Bao food stand.

Story aside, the food is absolutely delicious.  I did the ComBao and got three different experiences, all equally tasty.  The Pork Belly was traditional and sumptuous and reminded me of New York's Ippudo.  The Duck had great quality and creativity.  The Tofu and Mushrooms featured three different kind of mushrooms, and have you wondering how they can make a profit with this kind of effort and freshness.  All 3 Baos plus a drink for $10.  Yes, the chef makes the buns when you order them and his cute fiance makes the drink.  It's the kind of story that writes books, no kidding!

Full and happy after three buns, Vegas and me, we're working things out.
Awesome flavor!!! been wanting n craving "gou bao" in States and the chef totally pulled it off! super friendly too! Chix noodles has great flavor too! thumbs up! :)
Finally...made it over today -- not too far from UNLV and with two of my favorite eaters in tow, tried the 3 bao combo and shared some sesame noodles.

Today's chicken was his tsukune...which was actually my favorite -- but the pork belly was delicious, as was the duck.  All in all, definitely worth the trip west for something fun and interesting as well as supporting a chef, who seems like a genuinely nice guy, and his dreams!

Good luck with your new truck!
Had a "com-bao" for lunch...3 delicious bao's and a drink!  It was AAAAAMAZING.    Each bite was better than the last and I was only sad when I finished my meal.  The bun was perfect and fresh. The meats were juicy and flavorful. The accompanying herbs and veggies in each bao were chopped fresh and perfectly paired. 

I definitely will be back.  One of the more delicious meals I've had in quite some time. :)
We where in Vegas for the easter long weekend and just had to find some great food.  Well finding this place wasn't easy but in the end it was like finding a great hidden treasure.  We ordered a sample of three Bao's (Pork Belly, Pulled Pork, and Duck)  with a Italian soda.  After that great meal we just had to order more due to the great taste.  So we ordered our favorite pulled pork and duck Bao's and just had to try their mushroom/tofu Bao.  Let's just say I am a picky person to please but this food was out of this world.  Great food, great service, good prices and great people.  Jenny and Sheridan are a amazing team and their food is fit for a kingor queen.  GO THERE AND EAT, and you will thank me later!  Great job guys!!!
I LOVE the bao here! For $10 you can basically get yourself a sampler platter. I come here everytime I'm in Vegas now and it's something that I crave when I'm at home.

Yes, the location is kinda off-putting, but once you have a bite of the bao you'll be hooked! I can barely wait until I get into the car to start munching away!
Gourmet food. Everything has its own unique taste! Crispy duck with thin slices of Persian cucumbers and scallions, chicken meatballs with sauce so delicate but perfect, mushrooms & tofu had at least four kinds of mushrooms including shitaki, oyster, and button mushrooms(can't identify the other), and pulled pork also pan seared with sauteed spinach. We had the sandwiches with italian sodas, raspberry and peach. Perfect to clean your palate.  Gourmet for $10 (thats 3 baos and a drink).
Who would have thought that some of the best food in Vegas would come from the smallest restaurant in town...a 6 seater inside a hair salon? You guessed it, Great Bao.

Pork Belly Bao - softest steamed bun you can find, imagine eating a cloud. Crisp, fresh, veggies. The star of course is the Pork Belly. Fatty, juicy, but not overpowering, i could literally eat 15 of these. it's like crack!!!!

Offers noodles, and smoothies too. Kudos to Sheriden Su. A real gem of Vegas!!
I was at Tommy Rockers today to do one thing EAT! I stepped into the lot between the food trucks and Jenny from the Great Boa truck came right over to tell me about the items on their menu without me even stopping, now that is service. I walked around for a minute and came back knowing the Great Bao was my choice. Had the Duck, Pork Belly and the Pot Stickers.
Pork Belly was good but the Duck steamed bun stole the show. The Duck was right on with some great flavors, the tiny cuts of cucumber stuck out and complimented it very well. The pot stickers came out late and they gave me an extra one for waiting.
Can't wait to go to their hidden location next!!
Definitely lives up to all the 4 & 5 star ratings!

I walked into the salon and was greeted by Jenny. Very friendly and hospitable, asking and addressing every customer by name. I ordered the trio for $10, which includes a drink. She even asked how I heard about Great Bao, so of course, I told her from the rave reviews I read on Yelp. :)

Very tasty. The bun was extremely soft (I'm a bread/carb lover). Even though the pork bao was very tasty, I'd have to say I liked the tofu-mushroom one the best. I know, I know, I should've ordered the duck. What was I thinking, attempting to be semi-healthy with my ordering?! Next time, I will.

There were no other customers while I ate, so Jenny spoke with me about their food and business. She was very nice and I'd have to say, I probably received better service from her than the 5-star restaurants I've recently visited. She explained the ingredients, thanked me for giving their food a try, and invited me back. Being from the service industry most of my life, you'd think that sounds easy, but you'd be amazed how many food industry employees do not do that these days. She made my first visit here very enjoyable!

Highly recommend it. It is strange to be in a salon ordering food, but you won't regret it. With some time & great word of mouth about their awesome baos, hopefully they won't be in there for long! :)
I am a big fan of the new gourmet food trucks I see everywhere.  I saw this one at the new farmer's market downtown they have on Fridays.  I got the duck bao and man was it delicious!  It came on a soft little white roll, kinda like what dim sum is made of, and had duck meat in a kinda sweet sauce and vegetables.  I would like to try the pork belly bao and the chicken on a stick.  The waitress was nice, even said bye when I left and had remembered.  Very cool and classy little food truck!
Finally tried the Great Bao Truck last month while they were at Tommy Rockers for a Food Truck Event. I was a bit disappointed to be honest. I had high hopes. I had never had bao before so maybe its really good for what it is and I just have nothing to compare it against. I had the Pork Belly Bao and it was just ok. The pork belly seemed a bit dry to me the flavors were so-so. I feel bad giving less than 3 stars because I have nothing to compare them to. I'll try again sometime I'm sure and update my review from there.

The staff was very friendly!
Service: 1.5
Don't really review much but because of my experience had to write something. First off, this is the strangest restaurant I've been to. It's inside a Hair and Nail Salon/Spa inside a strip mall. Couldn't find it initially, then after 5 minutes of looping the parking lot, found a small sign next to the Salon sign. We walked in and there were two gentlemen in front of us waiting to order. They ordered, then we ordered. The lady who took our order told us it would be a few minutes. We waited for 15 minutes then the lady came up to us and said there are two other orders in front of us so it would be a few more minutes. So we decided to go out and come back. We waited outside eating ice cream because it took so long. She came outside with two bottles of water to apologize then another 15 minutes went by before we got our meal "to go".

Left Office: 12:55pm
Arrived in Parking Lot: 1:10pm
Got Lost for 5 Min: 1:15pm
Ordered our food: 1:20pm
Left the restaurant: 2:05 pm
Got Back to Office to Eat: 2:18pm.

Didn't know this was going to be a journey....

Food: 2.5
The food was ok at best. We ordered all the BAOs on the menu. 
1. Duck Bao - Good flavor (probably the best there) Could add more meat though. Just one slice of duck.
2. Pork Belly Bao - Two slabs of 1 inch thick slabs of pork belly. A bit dry.
3. Chicken Bao - Extremely dry chicken. Crispy skin but tasted like they definitely overcooked the chicken.
4. Tofu & Mushroom Bao - Combination of ingredient blended well. Fried tofu but the sauce made it softer. 

Also ordered the Chicken salad because they ran out of sesame noodles. The chicken salad was not good at all. Dry chicken meat with cucumber slices and spring mix? To add to that found a hair in my salad. I know it's not my hair because I don't have hair on my head and it was longer than an eyelash.
I live close to Chef Sheridan's Great Bao establishment now. This place is perfect for an after-the-gym treat. 

Chicken, roast duck, pork belly, and never before sampled tofu and shrooms was ordered. The tofu and mushroom bao was suggested by the Chef.  Adding the tofu and mushroom bao to my favorites. The combination of the different mushrooms and tofu made a lasting impression with my palette. Thank you for the suggestion.

Solid food.  Will keep up the support.
This place is delicious.  I stopped by after the gym and ordered Sesame Noodles with Tofu and the Tofu & Mushroom Bao....Delish!
Thanks to my fellow Yelpers for another great find in Vegas! I didn't get lost looking for Great Bao which is a pop up, literal hole in the wall in a beauty salon. That is so cool!

Friendly staff and chef. I ordered the 3 trio plus drink. I stuck with 2 pork bellies and a duck. Mmm mmmm. Made to order and all good. Now a must stop for me as soon as I land in fabulous Vegas!
After all the buffets and overpriced mediocre food, the wife and I were ready for something different and genuine.  Options off the strip included Great Bao located in a beauty salon.

We had the Pork, Chicken, Hawaiian (spam) bao, and sesame chicken noodles  Unfortunately the duck bao was sold out (tip: go early!). 

The baos were very delicious with layers of savory and hints of sweetness.  Each bao was meticulous assembled and wrapped for perfect hand-held eating.

This is now a must-eat whenever we go to Vegas in the future.
Read about this place on Yelp Monday and dropped by the next day to try it out! 

The baos were delicious, tender in the dough and crispy in the skin (for those of you who avoid the skins for health reasons, they only put one piece of it on there to give the bao some crunchiness). More meat was in the chicken than the duck, but both were fantastic and well worth the wait! The seasoning isn't overpowering and all the ingredients complement each other (I especially enjoyed the cilantro). As I found out first hand in person as well as on Yelp, you are discouraged from taking your food to go unless you live close by to the establishment. At first I asked to take it to go because it seemed like there was no where to sit, but Jenny talked me into sitting at the bar. I wasn't in a hurry to go anywhere and I figured, why not. The food is less likely to get soggy and it won't be necessary to reheat it.

I highly recommend ordering the combao- trust me you won't regret it! Because if you order just one, you'll be like me and wish you had ordered it upfront.
OMG! This place is pretty darn adorable. It is a tiny little store front in the middle of a beauty salon. Who would have thought such tasty little baos would come out of place like this. 

What a great deal 3 baos and an italian soda for $10!! We ordered the pork belly, pulled pork and roasted duck. My favorite was the duck I devoured it, literally. The special of the day was the pulled pork bao which I highly recommend as well. We also ordered the sesame noodles however, they were a little bland they could have used a little more garlic or sesame something to give it a little more kick. 

The best part is the little extra term of endearment they add to your soda.. he he!! (Lovely Lauren, that's me.)  ;) A must try when in Vegas.
I had bought almost all flavor on the Great Bao.  Pull Back pork, Pork Belly, Roast Duck.  It was delicious, but the portion is too small in my opinion.  Its awesome they offer you free chip when you check in.  I didn't provide the fifth star because the food handler was not wearing glove while he was preparing the food, that's something they should consider doing.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  I admit I was a little skeptical when I walked into the salon and their was not really a dining area but hey, that's what you can call a hole in the wall.  We ordered some pork belly, pulled pork and chicken.  It was delicious.  The bun was fluffy and soft not like some places where their buns are dry and gives you cotton mouth after you eat it. 

The pork belly was amazing.  I thought I wouldn't like the fattiness of it but when you eat it all together, it was perfection.  I love the chopped peanuts in it because it gave it texture.  

The chicken was delicious.  The chicken was moist and the skin was crispy.  

The pulled pork was good as well. 

So glad I found this place on yelp because I would have been stuck eating food in the casino that was very salty.  I don't know why most of the restaurants you eat at in the casino, they were all salty especially at the buffets.
I have to admit that the cafe being in a hair salon type of establishment is a bit odd, but my boyfriend and I both agreed it made the first time experience more interesting and fun! I can't remember either people's names, but both the chef and his female helper were both friendly and informative. The chicken, island, pulled pork and pork belly bao were all tasty. My favorite being chicken and my boyfriend's I have no clue since I was too busy stuffing my face and laughing at how cute one of the salon worker's daughter was. All in all, it's a great little place and I recommend it to anyone who is in the mood for bao or willing to try something new.
Just have to echo the general sentiment on this restaurant, which is exceptional.  All that I will add is the husband-wife team are the owners/operators who put their passion for creating delicious food into their small restaurant.  The baos are all made ready to order, so exercise some patience.  Good news is that the restaurant will be moving to a larger location as some point once Jenny finds her ideal location.  Maybe get your hair and nails done prior or after an exceptional meal at this unique location....btw - ask about their restaurant logo for some mindless triva.
Well, I don't know when do you people go to this place (off peak hours for lunch & dinner?), they did not open on Thursday June 28 (5pm - reason - sold out) & Friday June 29 (12:15pm). 

As far as I know, they listed their hours from 11am to 7pm.  

Coming from out of town to try this stupid place is a joke. 

First  is to find this place inside this salon off the Vegas Strip, if you don't have a car, forget it because most likely by the time you get there, it won't be open. 

Disappointed but still hopeful that maybe next day I'll have better luck.

We were there around 11:30am, not open, what a surprise. 

Went on to Yelp & realize they change their hours for today from 11 to noon.

I don't know what kind of business does that? Changing hours the last minutes, as if they just woke up & oh, SH*T, it's already 11:10am, let's just post our hours today from 12 to 7 instead. 

If I live in LV, I'll go back to give the owner of this place a piece of my mind in person but since I'm not, it's better for me to just warn you people coming from out of town, try some where else, save your time & money.

I don't care how great his "bao" is, they've lost me on punctuality.

This is how you generate bad press, BTW.
Tried roasted duck, pulled pork, and egg + spam bao. Fresh and delicious. Would definitely go again when we're back in the area.
Love! 

We tried everything but the tofu.. but I definitely want to try it the next time around.  Me and the husband went for dinner last night and it was perfect.  Not to heavy... just the right amnt of food.  I loved it.  If I could have great Bao everyday for lunch, I would do it.  I swear it!

Our order:  We did the YELP special!!! 10.00 for 3 bao and a drink.  
We had 1 of each just to get the pallet going and be able to try everything.  

1. Pork Belly
2. Roast Duck -- FAVORITE
3. Chicken

Each Bao was a different flavor w/ different accents.  

My favorite...  roast duck with cucumber, scallion, hoisin sauce .  They leave a little of the skin for crunch... and the texture and flavor was perfect.  

pork belly... the fat just melted in your mouth!  WOW.  This is something I would want to get once in awhile because.. well, it's pork belly.   It's a guilt trip for sure.  The pickled mustard greens and crushed peanuts gave it that extra umph... but the pork belly was definitely the star of the show.   

Chicken-  Was good chicken... hahahaa.  I'd love to say something great about the chicken... but I am in love with the Roast Duck.    I should have eaten it first just to give it a chance, but I had the Pork Belly first., then the Roast Duck and I was just...... wanting pork belly and roast duck!  Sorry chicken!

To top it off... as soon as we were coming to the end of our bao journey.... I decided I NEEDED the sesame noodles.  I'm glad that I did because it was so flavorful!   Cucumber, carrot, sesame vinaigrette with tofu OR with chicken.  1.00 more if you want both!  

I forgot about our drinks!  I can't say much about the husbands tropical smoothie... but the pb&honey?!?!?!? It was delicious.  Each smoothie including at least 1-2 servings of fruit.  3.00 more with the yelp special which isn't bad at all.

We left Great Bao with a "GREAT" Bao order... TO GO!  :P  

I love Great Bao.. and it's close by.. and I loved meeting Jenny and Chef Sheridan... they were inviting, very kind, and definitely helpful in letting us know exactly what we were ordering.
Brilliant idea!

I am a huge fan of duck and pork belly and combine that with baos... equals amazing! Yes, it is located in an awkward location (nail salon) but whatever. For 3 baos and a drink of your choice its only 10 bucks. I got two pork belly's and a duck. 

The make everything right to order so it does take quite awhile... our group waited for about 30 minutes or so.... then again it was two people taking orders and making the food all together. I have to say i liked the duck more but the pork belly was really good as well. It was very flavorful and they aren't stingy with the meat. 

Wish we had a place like this in OC. So for something different I suggest driving here and off the strip and trying this out! Be prepared to wait though.
There are 101 reasons why I love Great Bao, and I'll share 10 reasons first: Tastes delicious, quality ingredients used, patient chef, creative dishes, clean, amazing value (if that is even the right word to use - I'm trying to say tastes far more expensive than what it actually costs), attentive service, interesting smoothie combos, fresh greens in salad, and finally, delicious (oh, did I mention that already?).

Pork belly and duck baos are a must. I wish they deliver around the world. I heard that they are moving to a food truck, which means what? They just might be in around the corner!

Looking forward to coming back for more, and also to watch the business grow! Well done!!
I tried the yelp deal here, which comes with 3 baos, a drink of your choice, and a bag of chips for $10.

I tried the duck, chicken, and pork belly baos, a raspberry italian soda, and received a bag of sun chips.

The duck and chicken were relatively similar and delicious, though I preferred the duck a little more than the chicken since it was slightly more tender.

In terms of the pork belly, if you like the salted mustard greens that come with most taiwanese dishes such as minced pork and rice, then you will like this bao. Otherwise, you may not be a fan. Since the mustard greens aren't one of my favorites, I wasn't overly excited about this bao.

The raspberry italian soda was great. Get this if you aren't sure what drink to order.

Overall, I was pretty impressed with the experience of gourmet food and drinks served here. If you're confused to the location, it's in the hair salon in the same plaza as the 24 hour fitness. Not sure why they are in the hair salon right now, but good food is good food regardless of the location.
NOM NOM NOM. Is that enough? Made from scratch, cooked to order. Soft bao buns. I think the tofu bao is my absolute favorite and the pork belly is my very close second! It's a good deal too - one drink and three bao for just $10!
Great Bao was closing their brick & motor location; which up til now I wasn't too keen on going due to its odd location inside a Salon...(I mean, how does that actually work? Food and Hair products just sound so wrong).

But seeing that they were closing (due to lease issues)  it was our last chance to support them. (they still have their food truck where you can have their most heavenly Baos).  We thought it would be cool as ice to take a stroll over to their soon-to-be defunct operation inside the 'house of hair'...

We were at a loss for words....wow.... It's really inside a Hair/Nails Salon and Massage Parlor, and not just by the entrance, it's waaaay inside, past the front desk and the cutting stations.  You can see a small opening with a menu board and paper lanterns like a guiding beacon...oh and yeah, a THRONG of people lined up in an otherwise empty space (thank god, cuz I don't think I could handle hot blow-dried hair and products with my food).  It's really awkward as you're walkin towards it, and the lady at the front desk tries to wrangle you in to get a cut n' blow....

And the Salon is HUGE, it basically has two wings: the right wing for Nails, the left wing for Hair and Massage down the hall past Great Bao counter....It was just so confounding as to how this arrangement came to be...And why the hell did the Salon decide to kick Great Bao out.....they're the only ones bringing any customers in.  It was a multiplying topic of conversation for us as we ordered through a claustrophobic counter window and then waiting for our food to come out.....

Realizing just how makeshift this operation was, it was a fun experience, there were folding chairs and tables by an aisle where we sat, which was close to the Order counter, so we were stuck in a bottleneck of customers waiting and ordering in this confined space, while the rest of the barn stood completely bar of breathing entities.....  Anyways onto the food!!

It's really about the Bao, a taiwanese snack with a white spongy bread that's usually sandwiched with a multitude of various meats. But we started with an order of Sesame Noodles: cold Lo Mein noodles with Sesame Sauce, Chicken, Cucumbers, Carrots and Scallions.  it was alright, maybe not our favorite; the sauce was very light, almost runny and the toppings didn't seem to be marinated or mixed in with the Lo Mein and Sesame.

But whatever, now onto the piece de resistance!!!  We had the triple order of Bao:  Pork Belly with Pickled Mustard Greens and Peanuts, Roasted Duck with Cucumbers, Scallions and Hoisin Sauce and the Chicken with Onions, Lime and Cilantro. I love their presentation, the Baos are aligned neatly on a wooden paddle board wrapped in wax paper for easy pick up and handling!

Their Pork Belly Bao is so delicious!  Thick, fatty Pork Belly that's braised with a thick Soy glaze, it works phenomenally well with the Bao Bun and the Mustard Greens with Peanuts heightened the flavor profile to create a mouthful of savoriness!  This is their home run dish, I could eat about ten of these in one sitting.  But alas, too much of one thing wouldn't allow us to sample their entire menu, so we regulated ourselves to just one...

The next was the Roasted Duck, another favorite and close second, it's as close to a Peking Duck as you can get: with a crispy skin and juicy Duck meat, you get the feel of the authentic Chinese classic with the Cucumber and Scallion balancing out the fatty protein.  And in my book, Hoisin works on everything!

The last one, the Chicken with Onions, Lime and Cilantro was unfortunately, just ok.  We've had the Chicken Tsukune (Japanese Chicken Ball) before, which was incredible, this one was just the breast of the Chicken which was plain.  The condiments helped, but it was just didn't overwhelm us like the the other two did.  Which is alright, you can't always have all three be spectacular.

Overall, we're glad that we were able to support Great Bao on their last day in their shop, and will always seek out their Foodtruck, they consistently deliver great, amazing Baos and We love the Chef, Sheridan Su and Jenny and with them luck at their next location..without the surly Salon!


Ratings (Out of Five Stars)
Food:          4
Ambience   2   (I just can't get over that it's in a Hair Salon!)
Service:      3.5
The great bao makes great baos. My favorite bao is the pork belly. Duck bao is also a good choice. Hopefully they find a new location soon, wasn't really feeling the location they had before as it was in a salon kind of weird. The two that run it are super friendly. Both explain what are in it.
Good flavors but small portions. The filling inside the Bao had very little.
Tried great bao for the first time a week ago. I came with an open mind and heart, especially hearing so many wonderful things about this place. I was left disappointed. 

The woman working the food truck was not friendly at all, never said one word to us. No hello, how are you, or even hey this is what is popular on our menu. My friend and I got the pork belly boa and we weren't fans. I had never had such a doughy bun, it was pure white and looked as it wasnt cooked. im sure it was. The pork was completely fatty and i usually like that but paired with the weird douchy texture i wasnt a fan. Loved the little carrot and minced toppings on top but it wasnt something i would try again.

If i do comeback, i'll br trying something else for sure.
Attended the First Food Truck Smackdown held at the  grand opening of Fairway Chevrolet. Great Bao was one of the competitors. The staff at the truck were friendly. The Pork Belly Bao we got to sample had good flavor, loved the soft bun and crushed peanuts on the pork was a pleasant surprise, but the pork was half fat, and the fat was slimy, white and cold, we all pulled the fat off and ate it without. I've had pork belly before and it was nothing like that. 
They ended up losing the Smackdown, I wasn't surprised.
So delicious, I'm so sad it's closed :(
The food is delicious and the chef is a really nice guy......... BUT  


Don't actually count on these guys to be there. 3rd time I checked their blog to make sure they were open and they just weren't there. So if you're on lunch don't waste your time driving there and hoping they will be open.
Have eaten here several times and have to say that it's been great every time.  My favorite bao is the duck, but I do like getting all three meat baos (chicken, duck, pork belly) for the variety.  Jenny is always very nice and helpful with the menu which is especially great for first timers.  It's true that sometimes they aren't there at opening time, but when that happens, they're usually only a few minutes late.
Another Great lunch at Great Bao!  Each bao is made so perfectly with just the right amount of meat and accoutrements so that each bite is deliciously balanced!
great food. you got to try
If this is a new trend of having tasty steamed buns ("bao" if you read it in Cantonese) following a foot race I'm loving it!  

I had the pleasure of ordering and eating from this food truck (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/great-bao-las-vegas?select=IYXd86zCnkTdXHihCywYNg#RRkCwVYiUUhxC2gY4bScQA) back in December after participating in the Las Vegas Great Santa Run as it and another dozen or so food trucks were all lined up in the race assembly area ready to feed the nearly 10,000 Santas who turned out for the event.

The Great Bao truck was easily one of the more popular trucks with a steady line of people ordering food and another group waiting for their orders.  I waited too, but it was until the crowds diminished before I put in my order.  The menu was pretty simple (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/great-bao-las-vegas?select=IYXd86zCnkTdXHihCywYNg#nLQH80BQIF9oW2S7iGVl1g).  They basically had four types of steamed buns, bagged chips and refreshments.  The buns were pretty inexpensive at $3.50 each or 3 for $10.  The 3 bao combo also included a drink and a bag of chips!

I'm not sure what I was thinking when I placed an order for 2 buns instead of 3.  I didn't realize my mental breakdown until I had paid for my order.  Maybe it was the temporary meltdown of having run hard for a short distance race or maybe I was just wacky from seeing all that red from the people in Santa suits at every direction I turned.  Anyway, I ordered 1 Roast Duck bao and 1 Pork Belly bao and nothing else since I had collected an armful of race refreshments from other event sponsors.

By this time the staff had their routine down to perfection, and my made to order steamed buns (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/great-bao-las-vegas?select=IYXd86zCnkTdXHihCywYNg#Sd1ztJyGREFdt-vAbJi7ng) were ready lickety-split.

The Roast Duck bao was delicious.  The plum sauce was just sweet enough as to not overpower the taste of the roast duck, and I loved that they included a piece of green onion which reminded me of the Peking Duck and steamed clamshell buns we enjoy at Chinese banquets.  The piece of duck I had, however, was a bit dry and slightly burned as you can probably notice in the photo that I've posted.

I lucked out on the Pork Belly bao as they gave me a huge piece of pork belly with very little fat on it.  Even though there was a sauce, a smidgeon of what looked like minced pickled veggies and a sprig or two of fresh cilantro all I could really taste was the delicious pork belly and the subtle sweetness of the steamed bun.

This was my first experience with any Las Vegas food truck and I liked it ... a lot!
Simple, delicious, inexpensive, freshly prepared food. Can't get better than that.
It seems that the Great Bao has relocated to the Fat Choy restaurant in the Eureka Casino. This is at least what the waitress had told me in the restaurant.  I enjoyed the bao and the Fluffy ice at Fat Choy. But their service seems to be disorganized. The two waitresses/hosts/bus boys/cashiers were running around trying to do everything at once. I hope Fat Choy seeks out Robert Irvine and his Restaurant Impossible team to get them organized. I do not think Fat Choy is losing money based on the crowd of people on Sunday but I am sure they can make more.
Not a fancy place but good stuff.
This is by far one of best bao places that I have ever been too in my life. I still think about eating the pork belly bao when i'm back in LA. I really wish that they had something like this in my area. This joint is definitely one of the hidden gems in Las Vegas. When you take the first bite of the pork belly you'll first taste the crispiness of skin and when you get to the center, the belly just slowly melts in your mouth. The pork belly is cooked perfectly, not overly cooked or too crispy. It doesn't taste fattening like other places where they would keep a big chunk of fat to just get rid of it. This place is different, it really doesn't have that fatty taste to it. And the chef makes sure to utilize that part of the belly so that it brings out all the favors of the dish. It is so good. I still miss it. I tried the duck, belly, and the asian noodles, ice coffee and the tea. The asian sesame noodles was so good too. It has this tropical kick to it. Mmm.... The noodles tasted so fresh and the sauce I really don't know how they made it, but it was good. I highly recommend this place it. If you are tired of eating out at buffets, definitely checkout this place out. I've been to about 5 buffets here and yet I can say, this place left a lasting impression.  Everything that I ate and drank here was really top of the notch. Now that I'm back in LA I wish ate more of it.
Big City Burrito is downstairs of Vista Del Sol, so right across the street from ASU on Apache Blvd, close to Rural.  I've been here twice.  The first time I ordered the vegetarian burrito.  It takes a little longer than having a meat burrito, because they cook that to order.  it took only about 5 minutes.  So the wait was not long at all.  There are many types of tortillas to choose from.  There is White, Spinach, Tomato-Chili, Wheat, and more! There are also two sizes, regular (which I think is 10 in) and super (which I think is 12 in).  Then you can choose what salsas you want in your burrito, black or pinto beans, rice, and guacamole and sour cream for an additional cost.  

The first time I had the vegetarian burrito, as I mentioned before.  It was very good.  I came around 9pm. (They are open really late). The food was very good and the service was great.  The girl who works there is a vegetarian, so she recommended me to try the potato burrito next time.  When I went in there today, it was a complete different staff.  The service was still good, just not as great as the first time.  I ended up ordering the potato burrito on the Tomato-Chile Tortilla, which was great.  I will definitely be coming back to this place. 

PROS:
Good food
Quick
Good Service
Reasonable Prices

CONS:
If you do not go to ASU, hard to find parking.
I LOVE big city burrito! There's so many options and great fillings to choose from. Even the regular size burrito is super filling for only $5. I go at least twice a week and never get tired of it. I usually don't even like burritos they have options for every one. Definitely go for it!
awesome burrito's
I stopped by "Big City Burrito" as I was walking to Wendy's to get a chocolate frosty and a Double Stack. I was only going to check out the menu to see if there was something that I may want to try on a future trip. It smelled so good in the restaurant that I decided to skip Wendy's and get something at BCB. I was going to get a bean and cheese burrito until I realized that they didn't have refried beans. No problem. There are lots of places where I can buy a bean burro, enchilada style. I had a breakfast burro with eggs, potatoes, cheese, bacon, and chorizo. It was excellent. It was something I haven't had in a long time. It was likely twelve(?) times larger than the breakfast burritos that you get at McDonald's for $1.00. I look forward to going there again. I read that parking is difficult unless your an ASU student. I personally parked at Apache Blvd. and Price at the Park & Ride. I then took the light rail west to the station at Rural Rd, and walked south to it's location. There is also a southbound #72 Scottsdale Rd/Rural bus that can get you from the light rail station to Rural and Apache Blvd. You can then walk west to the restaurant at Paseo Exchange at Vista Del Sol, which is just east of McAllister Avenue on the south side of Apache Blvd (681 E Apache Blvd.). I have to leave the library now. I will check this review for errors later. I also took about fifty photos of "Big City Burrito" with the owner's permission. When time allows, I may tweek some of them to make them lighter, etc.
Awesome! Just like the one in Fort Collins, CO! Way better than Chipotle and better priced too! 
Really good, not crowded and the burritos are way way better than the other burrito places in town.
Only thing that sucks is parking if your not an ASU student, which I am not...thank god!!! 
Love it.
My roommate at Vista Del Sol was raving about this place so I figured I'd give it a shot.  I was very impressed.

I love chipotle so I figured I'd love this place too, and I was right.  I've only been twice but both times were very good experiences.
 
First time I had the pork carnitas on the workers recommendation and I was not disappointed.  Seasoned perfectly, and tasted awesome.

My second time I had the breakfast burrito, for $5.30 this was an absolute steal!  Cheese, eggs, beans, potatoes, salsa and your choice of meat (highly recommend the chorizo).  Very good!

And when you sit down they have numerous hot sauces for you to use, thought that was kind of neat.

All in all, highly recommend this place.  Only down sides are it's only one person working so it takes awhile if theres a line and they stop serving breakfast burritos at 2.
Wow! Another new truck in the Vegas street food scene. Awesomeness! I was able to try them at the last event of Yelp Geeks Out. I ordered the Milwaukee and it was pretty good. Lots of flavor from the grilled onions and the mustard. I also loved the fries, I'm guessing they hand cut them from the potatoes. And if not, I still love the fact the potato skin is left on, which adds to the texture contrast. This truck has the same concept as Haulin' Balls, but with sausages. From trying both, I would definitely have to say I'd prefer these sausages over balls. Hahaha! Can't wait to come back and try the other sausages they have to offer.
Being a straight male, I am not into Sausagefests. That could be fun for you ladies that roam Vegas in packs, or you gay guys looking for a cruising selection.

Actually, speaking of Cruisin the Sausagefest, that is exactly what this is, a Food truck, named Sausagefest, cruisin downtown, looking for wiener eaters!  

It is only about a month in business, and when I saw it, it was parked right in front of the wiener cart on Fremont street. I don't think Fabian of the Cheffini's cart liked that. 

In the Sauagefest, Oliver runs the truck, and had his cook heat up the wieners for you. They serve eclectic Asian fusion type dogs, pretty good flavors to mix with that round steak to stuff in your mouth. Like Curry flavored, Italian, Langunisa Banh Mi, or other eclectic ethnic flaves, sauces and ingredients.  

It was pretty darn good. And like most late night food trucks, they get a lot of good reviews, people love them. Why? Because reviewers are usually drunk out of their minds and anything tastes great! 

But these really do, even sober!
Finally tracked down Sausagefest at StrEATs. Originally, from Chicago's southside, we put the Polish and Hot Italian to the test. Both measured up! The Vietnamese rolls untraditional, but they totally work. It's a great bun to meat ratio. It's soft and chewy yet strong enough to hold all the tasty bites inside. The fries are skin on and fried crisp just like we could get back home, too. Rock on, Sausagefest! We'll be back for more.
Disclaimer: I'm rating this establishment as a food truck.  Of course it can't compare to certain establishments that offer a dine-in experience, but the food is excellent for the price (You can get a very satisfying meal for less than 10 bucks), so I'm rating it as such. Things such as schedules become really important to me so that I can adequately track down the truck and plan to go if I'm in the area on a particular day.

Review:
Sausagefest.  It's the 1:30AM phenomena that happens to a good majority of clubs on the Strip.  As a straight male, it's when all the eye candy leaves the club, and all that's left in the club are a bunch of drunk dudes that push and shove as they try to find out where all the girls are.

While not a fan of the name of the truck, it's definitely a place that has great sausages.  Oliver says that all his sausages are made by a German shop in LA and has them shipped over. (He's right, I haven't really found any exceptional fresh made sausages from the local meat shops here.) 

But wait, it's not just the sausages, it's the extra toppings that make them even more amazing.

Example: The Bollywood: Take a nice fresh chewy bun, put a sausage in it, top with ground beef curry and raita.  Yeah, it looks like it could kill you, but it gives your tastebuds life.  I assure you that even though it looks like a chilidog gone wrong, it tastes much better than a chilidog.

Other sandwiches I've tried are the Bahn Min (really good, one of their signature dishes), and the Italian job (also good.)

Fries are pretty good too.  They're the skin-on type fries.

Does the food keep well if it's take-out?  It does reasonably well for trips less than 10 minutes (actually tested).  Fries, not so good (but they're pretty hard to keep in prime condition, no matter who's serving them).  They come in Styrofoam boxes if you order it to go.

My only real gripe about this truck is that scheduling is a bit haphazard.  You basically find out about where it's going to be probably 2-3 hours before they're there (if you're lucky you get overnight notice).  Not ideal for planning. (-1 star here.  If they correct, they can earn it back!!!)
These guys dish up sausage that would make Linda Lovelace blush. 

& OK, I'll just come out and say it...I Love Sausage. There...now that that's out of the way.

I caught the truck a while back for the first time during lunch hours just as they were setting up. As far as the truck goes...well, it's a food truck. Not much going on. They hit up the StrEATs parking lot across from El Cortez during lunch hours some days. It's right next to my building which is super convenient for me.

These guys really serve up a quality product. The sausage as previously mentioned is huge. This thing can only be adequately handled by a french bagguette bun.
I opted for the Polish with grilled onions, kraut, and a little fresh onion on top with a good spicy brown mustard and some hot sauce.
Wow. Great black & red pepper flavor to it without being too spicy. Very filling. I don't think I would ever need a combo meal there. Just the sandwich is good for me.
I did get the combo the first time, not knowing how big this John Holmes inspired meal was going to be.
As I recall it came with some fries and some sort of mayo based side. Mac salad probably like most of the trucks do. (Are they co-op buying that stuff?)

The only reason I won't give it 5 stars is that it's a little bit pricey considering I don't want the combo really. I just want the sausage. I think I remember paying $8 for the combo & I wasn't even that hungry at the time.
If you want the fries it's probably right up your alley, but when I'm getting something like this i just want to carry & eat on the go. I don't want the styro container to contend with. I'm gonna hit it up again and see if I can get just the sausage.
& I'll try more of the menu & decide how this place really measures up.
We were lucky that these guys were the ones that were serving up the grinds at last nights event at The Royal House. It smelled amazing.
After a few drinks we needed something to absorb the booze so we walk outside
and order up some italian sausage with onions and peppers and an order of chorizo french fries. The sausage was pretty good but the fries..well thats a whole different story. They were amazing. Perfect shoe string fries covered in an amazing sauce. They were so good.
I have to find this truck again..soon..just so I can eat those fries again.
Do you like the sauseeege?! If so this is a great food choice, you have to follow these food trucks on twitter or Facebook or you'll never find them. Half of the venture is finding them, the other half is the great food. The customer service was awesome!! The chorizo fries are awesome!!!
Gave this place a try at work a few weeks back, wanted to give it a try and feel like I possibly choose the wrong sausage to give a real try.  Ordered the 'lunch special' 1/2 chicken sausage and fries.  It was reasonably priced (been to long to remember exactly how much, but hey they brought it to the door at work!)
Chicken sausage with onions and green bell peppers on a bun, but just seemed to be lacking flavor.  Looking back chicken doesn't have a lot of flavor, unless it's added I don't feel there was much added but the casing in this instance. Fries were a bit to greasy and lacking salt...but I've decided I'll give em another try based on the reviews and the rave from my fellow co-workers who have tried more than I from this truck and were very pleased.  Looking forward to giving them another try in two weeks!
Every time I see this truck I want to try something different, but at the end of the day I get the Longunisa Banh mi.

Vietnamese style bun that's stuffed with the filipino sausage longunisa with the traditional bahn mi accompaniments of pickled radish and carrots, cilantro, and spicy peppers. Spread with a spicy chili sauce. Bomb. The owners are really cool guys and have done a great job tearing up the social media to advertise their truck. Whenever I see this truck around, I always order something.
i tried the Longunisa Bahn Mi today at a food truck meet up at Tommy Rockers. I was torn between that and the Sonora but a person who may have the owner picked for and he was spot on. I may not be Asian but my belly is! The sausage was delicious and the bun was awesome. Some chili paste and jalapenos were tasty and not too hot as i thought it was going to be, which i was fine with. The ranch fries were very tasty. FRESH CUT FRIES with some ranch seasoning..Yeah Buddy! Love fresh cut fries.
We ran into this truck at the Foodie Fest over the weekend.  We tried the vegan sausage with peppers, onions and mustard.  It was just as expected, nothing fancy but we're greatful that they recognize that not everyone eats meat.  I did really enjoy the bread.  It was fresh, soft and the perfect size for the fillings.
I love sausage! ;^)

SITREP

Haha!  And obviously I'm referring to the products of the Sausagefest Food Truck (I hope!).  Meeting some local Yelpers the night before at Yelp's Fremont Street Experience, I had a hankering to go back the next night to Fremont Street and take in more of the local sights since I pretty much stayed put the night before where our Yelp party was.  And boy am I glad I went out the next night.

SETUP

Like most Food Trucks, they employ at best a very random schedule that takes them all over Las Vegas (to maximize their coverage - and possibly avoid violating local ordiances requiring a food truck to not stay in one location for more than 60-90 minutes.

As luck would have it, the Sausagefest Food Truck was making the rounds and I was able to catch it, and grab a great sausage with grilled onions and peppers.  Along with some fries we were looking at only $9.  Well worth it just to have something different and not associated with a Casino buffet for a change.

PRODUCT DISTRIBUTION

The vendor told me that they actually get their links from L.A. and they are delivered to them.  I can believe that since their spiciness rating from my tastebuds puts them on par with some of the best links I've had in L.A. when hitting the clubs their in Hollywood.

I wasn't too crazy about the soggy fries, but that is just one thing mediocre amongst so many things done right.  A solid 4-Star experience.

THE LOWDOWN

The Sausagefest Food Truck is a great local tradition here in Las Vegas!
I first had Sausagefest at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest @ The SIlverton. 
It was so tasty and had so much flavor that we went back for 2nds.
Now I follow them on Facebook to find out when and where they will be next!
I just wished they came to the Summerlin area because we would be in heaven.
Our sausages were $6 each and had what looked like maybe sauteed celery and onions?!?! Either way it was just yummy flavor.
I recommend following Sausagefest on either Facebook or ( I don't tweet) twitter so if you haven't tried them you can give them a try and see for yourself.
Across the land there is food being made in large, brightly colored trucks with hardly a vegetable to be seen.  This vegetarian girl wanders from truck to truck, hoping to find something to tame her hunger but she finds disappointment more often than tasty, meat-free food.  Until one day, a beacon of light shone by a bar and led her to: Sausagefest.

Ok, I may be a bit dramatic, but it's hella tough for this veg girl to get some meat-free food truck goods.  So imagine my surprise when this meat-heavy Sausagefest truck showed up at Tenaya Creek Brewery and served up not only a veg-friendly sausage- but a vegan one!  And better yet- they had two flavors!

So they may just be Field Roast vegan sausages but that is perfectly ok with me.  They are high-quality, full of flavor, and ready to take on whatever toppings you choose.  

My husband had the Tenaya Creek Special, which had a Sage Apple sausage, sauerkraut, grilled onions, and grain mustard.  The regular version of this also comes with bacon (we of course nixed) and is cooked in Tenaya Creek's Calico Brown Ale.  I'm not sure if the vegan version is cooked in beer too since I only took a small bite of his to try.  It's very good, but I've just never been a sauerkraut fan.

I got the Smokey Robinson (without bacon).  It has a spicy Chipotle sausage with barbeque sauce and grilled onions.  It's also supposed to have cheese, but I think they left it off of mine to keep it vegan which I thought was thoughtful.  Since I'm not vegan and pretty obsessed with cheese, I think next time I'll specifically ask them to leave it on.

The bread for these sandwiches is great- a nice doughy inside with a slight crust on the outside and it's perfect for holding all the ingredients of your sandwich in place.  Also, the fries are a great deal (only $1 extra) and really tasty.  I only wish they offered bigger containers for ketchup.

Don't worry, meat eaters, Sausagefest was popular with everyone I saw, so you should give them a try too.

The employees (or owners?) are friendly, the food is good, and they are veg-friendly!  Peace and harmony has finally reached the land of food trucks!

Note to vegans:  There is a $1 surcharge for vegan sausages.  Also, please check to make sure the bread is vegan before ordering (I forgot to ask).
Tried this at the Foodie Fest!  Overall a decent choice.

I forgot what I ordered, but it was essentially a sausage wrapped in bacon, which had a nice crispness to the dog.  This was worth a 4 star.

But we also tried the chorizo fries and it was very dry...not very fresh tasting at all.  All the oil was dried up, and it seemed like a dry topping almost...this is what brought the review down to a 3.  I don't know how you can mess up chorizo, but this wasn't the way I expected it.

I'd skip the fries and go for the other options next time around.  You would probably have a much better experience.
A lot of us at work have been making fun of the name Sausagefest.  It is a rather amusing choice for a name, although some people are offended enough to not want to try the place!  

Anyways, I was only brave enough to try the hot dog and fries. They were hot and tasted fine. I enjoyed the fries in particular. 

(BTW: Someone's review mentioned fishy tasting fries. Mine didn't taste fishy, but I've heard others at my job mention it from time to time, and someone said they're supposed to taste that way. I"ve never heard of such a thing and don't think I want to taste it!)
I've always smelt goodness walking to and fro in between classes, but never stopped to get lunch at the food trucks in the UNLV's free speech area.... 

Until Today! I walked out of class and found people with food truck lunchwares and saw sausages, fries, a table of condiments... 

I wasn't hungry, hungry so I opted for some Chorizo Fries (without sour cream) and was delighted to find yummy-chorizo-burrito flavored fries ! I managed to scarf the whole thing down before I even thought to take a picture :(

Looks like its a must-try with their sandwiches next time they're around.
Sausagefest made another appearance on the UNLV campus last week.

The menu had some promising choices; I had a hard time deciding what to order.  I settled on the longanisa banh mi and ranch fries. My two girlfriends got the longanisa banh mi (she broke my rule of ordering the same thing in a party!) with chorizo fries and baja chicken with fresh cut fries.

There were two registers open which helped speed along the checkout process. One sandwich and fries set me back $7; so I can't complain too much.  The food came out super quick too.

The ranch fries were super salty, and they were just okay. They were just fries tossed in hidden valley ranch powder. My friend's chorizo fries were good though. Maybe it was the slew of goodness smothering the fries (chorizo, cheese, jalapeños, etc.) but I wished I had ordered those instead.

The sandwich itself was just okay. I didn't think it was that spicy honestly.  The longanisa was overpoweringly fatty and I felt the sandwich was a tad one note.  It was missing the spicy jalapeno kick and salt from the pickled vegetables.  Although I could see garlic chili paste on the sandwich, I couldn't really taste it - and my heat tolerance isn't even that high.

Overall, it was okay. I would probably try something else off the menu if I ran into the truck again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to find them.
Saw this fun looking food truck parked outside the entrance to the convention center while I was attending the NAB show a few days ago. Decided to give it a shot for a quick bite as I had little time running back and forth between client meetings.

Holy crap are they kidding me? All sandwiches were $10? Are we being held hostage here or what? I have to admit the Milwaukee Brat sandwich was pretty tasty but it was not all that large and not worth ten bucks. All drinks were $4 so for a brat and something to wash it down with was $14! If I would have gotten regular or ranch fries it would have been another $3. Yikes!

I'm all for free enterprise and everything but why did my butt hurt when I walked away from this truck?
Sausagefest is a great food truck!! I love their Chicago Polish and the Sausage and Peppers. Also make sure you order the ranch fries; all they do is put Hidden Valley powder on them, but they are to die for! The customer service here is top notch. My first visit to this truck was lacking, and Jynx apologized for the 30 minute wait and gave me a free soda. Can't beat that. 

Good sausages, great prices, superior customer service. This is a must for all.
Tried Sausagefest for the second time this past weekend. 

The first time I found them at a fundraising event and ordered the Milwaukee Brat... 
YUM.. Nice brat topped with sauerkraut and served on a fresh toasted roll. 

Saturday, they were at Greenfest.. I wanted to change it up and they recommended 
the Baja Chicken. Chicken sausage topped with chipotle sauce and avocado. 
Unfortunately the sausage was overcooked and very dry. The chipotle sauce was very flavorful so it made eating the sausage a bit better, but it was then served on an average bun... nothing like before... or so it seemed like it. 

It was served with a side of fries, which I wish there were more.. Fresh with skin on the outside, crisp and soft on the inside.. 

We'll be sure and try them again and something new the next time I see then truck!
I had high hopes for this sausage truck but they definitely did not deliver! My overall experienced can be summed up in one word, bland. Seriously nothing special really. I honestly can say I could whip up better dogs in my own kitchen with my sausage stuffer!....

Coming from California where i have had food trucks galore in both San Francisco and LA, this truck would not survive...there is simply no wow factor.
I'm sold! Got to try this truck at the 2013 Las Vegas Foodie Fest even though it initially was never on my radar.  Casually passing by, I noticed that aside from the obvious meat options, they also had veggie sausages for sale too.  Now, it's very rare that I find a veggie sausage to be somewhat of a departure from the usual soy- or gardein- tasting fake meat.  But, after watching a few people come back asking if their veggie sausage was really veggie or if someone in the truck jumbled their order and having the gentleman out front confirm that it actually was veggie by the look of the sausage, I was intrigued.  So I ponied up some money ($8, I believe) and ventured to try out the vegetarian sausage.  I had the Mexican Chipotle sausage "S & P" style with grilled onions and peppers and I was pleasantly surprised.  Retrospectively, I should have taken a picture of my sausage sandwich but it was so good that I just kept eating and forgot.  It was pretty tasty that I would go out to say that this was the best meal I had at the Foodie Fest this year.  Simply yums.  Yeah, it was a little pricey.. but the veggie option here cannot be outdone.  Not sure how the regular sausages taste, but the veggie sausage sure is a treat.  Nice job, guys!  See you around UNLV if I'm ever in the area.
Soggy fries and burnt franks. How do you manage that? Good thing they give such tiny portions so we don't have to feel guity about wasting much food by tossing it in the trash. That was a pretty insulting $7 spent. Go to 7-11 instead and get a spicy bite in 20 seconds instead of waiting in front of this crapdog truck for 20 minutes.
I am generally not a food truck person because I don't like standing in a long line to order food that you then have to balance on your lap or eat in your car.  There was a bit of a change yesterday when I tried the Sausagefest truck at the Ugly Sweater run in downtown Las Vegas.  There was no line and I could bring my sandwich back to an area where there were some seats and be comfortable eating.

I walked over to the truck after fellow Yelper Edwin P. walked over.  I was looking at the menu boards when the gentleman said they had a breakfast burrito.  I looked at the filling and decided that would be it.  He gave me a choice of chorizo, bacon, or half bacon - half chorizo.  I went with the 1/2 and 1/2 option.

In a short time, my burrito was handed to me.  It was quite large and it was very hot!  The burrito was filled with scrambled eggs, potatoes, onions, cheese, peppers and both chorizo and bacon.  I had asked for it spicy and the sauce they used was spicy although I could have walked back and gotten some Sriracha.

The sandwich was very tasty and very filling.  I will look for the truck at CES where he'll be out front.  It will give me a chance to try something different.
I love it when food trucks come to UNLV because that means I can easily walk outside the library to grab something tasty. The Sausagefest food truck has been on campus for awhile. Yes, the name is suggestive, but the food is good. One day I had the baja chicken sandwich meal and another day I had a longanisa banh mi sandwich meal. A sandwich, regular cut fries, and a drink currently costs $9. They also have a card that's "Buy 9 meals, get 1 meal free!" and you can purchase a meal either at the Sausagefest food truck or their sibling truck, Tacofest for it to count.

baja chicken - baja chicken sausage, avocado, tomato, onion, chipotle salsa

longanisa banh mi - longanisa (Filipino sausage), carrot, daikon, cucumber, jalapeno, cilantro, chili paste, mayo

I feel like there's too much bread/too little sausage in the sausage-bread ratio, but the food is delicious and I'm left full afterward.
Five star for a food truck.  Love the sausage and fries. 

Food, service, and experience all melded together for great experience.  I had the polish with fries and it met the expectations like the old Chi Town feel. The buns and fries were excellent. The sausage was thumbs up.  I will definitely return for more when I'm in Vegas.
I tried Sausagefest at last year's AFAN's AIDS Walk, but wasn't really impressed with my selection. I don't recall what I had, but I just remember that it was underwhelming. After the Ugly Sweater Run, I was hungry and still had my beer in hand so I figured I should get something to eat. After reviewing their menu, I was intrigued to give it another whirl.

I went with the Mexicali ($7) which has a bacon wrapped beef hot dog, chorizo, cheese, tomato, onion, mayo, and mustard. It's served with fresh cut fries. Really good flavor and completely satisfying. I also tried their special, Pulled Pork Fries ($6), made with 12-hour smoked pork, cheese, BBQ sauce, sriracha aioli, cilantro, and onions. Good stuff! I love all the flavors in both selections. 

The dog is pretty pricey, but I'd much rather have this type of food at festivals, etc than stadium food! The guys were also really friendly and helpful with selections. It's a worthwhile choice for a food truck!
And they are lucky to get one star! I ordered a Chicago style dog, it came with grilled onions and grilled peppers. OK, well I guess they have never been to Chicago! Well I guess I'll roll with it, so I went back up and asked if I could get a little sauerkraut. The guy said sure and started to reach for it when the super friendly female worker (sarcasm) said, "no that makes it an $8 hot dog!" seriously, for 10 cents of sauerkraut? I said "well this really isn't a Chicago dog"  she said "too bad, it's what you asked for" really? At this point I just asked for my $7 back which she was more than happy to give. Advice to this Roach Coach... If you are going to sell something called a Chicago dog wiki it at least, second if someone wants 10 cents of a hot dog topping on a $7 hot dog, it's FREE.
We went to the Brews & Blues Festival at the Springs Preserve (an awesome event, BTW) and decided to grab a bite to soak up some of our beers. Although there were several food vendors to choose from, the Sausagefest menu was most appealing.

My husband had the Smokey Robinson, which is a hot link with bacon, cheese, and BBQ sauce. A little too much sauce, but that was one tasty sausage. I wasn't as impressed with my bahn mi sausage. The longanisa was fine, but there wasn't enough of the toppings (cucumber, daikon, and carrots) to give it much flavor. We both enjoyed the crunchy rolls the sausages were served in, but we didn't care for the bland, overcooked fries we ordered as a side.

I'd give this place a lower grade except service was friendly and super fast, and the prices weren't bad for a food truck ($7 per sausage). If you see the Sausagefest truck rolling your way, stick with the Smokey (or maybe the Mexicali, which looked good as well), and avoid the fries.
When I got to the South Point Gourmet Food Truck Fest, they were out of everything but pumpkin cheesecake and pozole.  But the pozole, a spicy chicken soup with cabbage and lime, was pretty damn good.  Fresh ingredients, super hot, great flavor.  Apparently this truck will have guest chefs.  Can't wait to see them around town.
I was super excited to hear that Ichi Mas Truck was going to be at Tommy Rocker's weekly Saturday Night Truck Stop Event. So last minute planning.. a group of us went  after work to check them out. 

Instead of food first... I dived right in to dessert first. I read and heard many great things about this.. San Leche Cake. The sponge cake was Super moist and drenched in what tasted like a tiny bowl of refreshing, melted delicious milkshake!!! The whipped cream frosting was so light, fresh, and fluffy... the juicy, fresh diced strawberries sealed the whole flavor together! The cake tasted so light, yet the flavor gave this richness that embodied what looks like a simple looking sponge cake... but easily became the most delicious cake you ever came across. 

Eyes poppin', happy dance movin'... a bite full of smiles. I was hungry when I came to this truck strop, but having that cake... I could skip happily back to my car and head home. It was enough for me to be full! I was so jolly after eating this.. I was glowing with delight!!! I was beyond impressed and bought another one to go, so my Mother can taste this cake greatness. I even got all my coworkers to buy this dessert, since I couldn't stop raving crazy about it. Even one that wasn't milk friendly couldn't resist!!! They all enjoyed it as much as I did. 

Ichi Mas Truck knows how to make a statement with their San Leche Cake. That screamed volumes in my taste buds. Service was friendly and fast. Always had a smile every time I came back. Love this cake!!! Dreaming about it ever since...
All I ever read or hear about is this San Leche Cake. Which only added to my sadness when they did not have it. My first experience with them was at the most recent South Point Food Truck Festival. With the guest chef, we got Wong Wings, Spam Musubi, Braise Pork Sandwich, and Ebi Ceviche. I ordered the last item and thought it could have used jalapenos or more citrus to liven up the bland flavors. 

I want to give them another try since I love Spam Musubi and any soaked cakes. The concept of having a new guest chef also adds to the fun. Even if a customer does not  enjoy one visit does not mean that they will dislike their next one. A bit of Russian roulette never hurts anyone. Actually, I will retract my previous statement...
I was lucky enough to find this little gem at the Truck Stop last night.  I didn't get to try any of the actual food b/c I became obsessed with the cupcake.  Holy Cow!  I don't remember what was in it....Boones and some other alcohol I think, (I had too much of some other alcohol in me to remember)!  But it was the BOMB!  Can't wait to try everything else!

Welcome to the Vegas Food Truck scene guys, you ROCK!
I love fried pickles and was so excited about getting them. Waited for over 20 minutes to finally get them and I received 3 measly spears that were over cooked because the pickle was chewy and lacked the crunch I was craving. Came with a side of ranch straight from the bottle (where's the special sauce that should come with this?) 4 dollars for this?? Not worth it. These are not typically on their menu but they should not have it at all. If you do something subpar, just don't do it at all. Not impressed by the menu or prices.
The Buttermilk Pie is fucking awesome.  After biting into it for the first time, I had serious concerns that I may have shit myself from its deliciousness.

Awesome selection of hot sauces as well.
Yum!  I tried the pork bowl and the steak bowl.  Both were awesome.  The pork bowl had a very smoky flavor.  They have a variety of fresh hot sauces ranging from mild to very hot.  The hottest one is Ghost of Granny, meaning ghost peppers, which has a surprisingly good flavor but kicks in about 5 seconds later with the heat.  Brillant!  Get everything loaded.  Guac, sour cream, cheese, jalapenos, etc. Don't be a picky wimp.

The chocolate pork balls were also delish.  Chocolate, granola, and BACON! Friendly folks.  Got a yee-haw out of them for something . . . not sure what though.  Definitely a keeper.
Save room for the pork balls. They are surprisingly good.
While I was enjoying Fried Pickles in the form of deep-fried discs at The Rusty Pickle Food Truck during the Las Vegas Foodie Fest, a lady who was unknown to me tipped me off that if I really wanted to taste a great fried pickle, I should visit The Redneck Kitchen Food Truck that was not very far away.  So, although not really hungry for more pickles nor very enthused about the name of the company but intrigued nevertheless, I decided to not let this opportunity for a head to head comparison pass me by.  So, I strolled over to The Redneck Kitchen Food Truck, and ordered the only pickle dish on the menu: Deep-fried Irish Pickle Spears, and a Coke.

Before I got my completed order, I was summoned by name to the truck window, and was handed $4 as change that I had forgotten to wait for just after I placed my order.  This alone was worth an extra star.

And when I received my pickles soon afterward, what initially came to mind as I first saw three fairly thin pickle spears resting in a small paper basket was "This is all I get for $3?!"  But then I liked crunching down on the warm battered spears and tasting the thin length of pickle inside each one, and by the time I was through noted how very filling and delicious they were, with or without ketchup or a mild white remoulade applied.  I don't know how Irish pickle spears are different from other pickle spears, but these deep-fried beauties were mighty tasty--even though priced at $1 a spear.  In fact, they narrowly won my personal Fried Pickle Throwdown pitted against The Rusty Pickle's more lightly battered but also tasty, deep-fried slices. 

And, the friendly employees of The Redneck Kitchen didn't seem rednecky at all.  I am now an enthusiastic fan!
This Year, Redneck Kitchen was servin' up their tasty grub in the VIP Tent which knda hid them from public view.

On Friday Night, They served up a Meatloaf Spring Roll with two sauces, a ketchup-mayo one, and some kinda gravy based one. The crisp outer texture was nice, and the meatloaf inside was well seasoned.

On Saturday night, We got to try their Deep Fried PB & J Sammies which was pretty grub-not too greasy and not overly sweet either. The batter also had a nice crunch to it without being soggy which was great. Looking forward to trying other creations in the future.....ALOHA!!!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(92/100) "Upscale Redneck Grub"
Dirty, delightful, heaven!
My fiance has been raving about these tacos, so this past weekend they were at the Scottsdale pavilions and so I had to go try them! at first I thought it was strange that it had a Japanese flair on their truck and had Japanese drinks as well. My fiance ordered three different tacos (for him self) and since I'm a fan of chicken I got the chicken. they were AMAZING!!!!! my chicken ones were so awesome I wish I would have gotten more, I had a try of the others which were pork and beef and they were equally amazing. Even tho it is different they are awesome!!! next time we know where they are we are sooooo going back, Id highly recommend finding them and getting yummy good awesome food!!
I was thrilled to discover this food truck in the Phoenix Metro Area... at a point when almost all hope was lost! I have never forgotten the first time I tried an Asian/Mexican fusion taco off of a food truck in Austin, Texas, and have been searching in Phoenix ever since. Mind you, this is Japanese/Mexican fusion, not Korean, but the idea is the same: delicious combinations of Asian-spiced meats and pickled vegetables transformed into an amazing street taco.

My buddy and I each had a three-taco sampler (one of each: chicken, pork, and beef) for $10 along with some tasty craft brew at Sleepy Dog Brewery. Sleepy Dog is a great place to sample food trucks ever since they teamed up with the Phoenix Food Truck Coalition. Shinobu Diego also features some great packaged Japanese treats like biscuit/cookies that you dip in molten Nutella. For $2, it's a perfect dessert.

I will continue to look for this food truck when in my neck of the woods. The combination of delicious Japanese spices packed into tiny corn tortillas is my idea of heaven.
I tried this when they had the food truck event in The Whole Foods parking lot last Thursday- so good!! I believe they have these events on the 3rd Thursday of every month- I will be going back for sure. I had the 3 tacos combo- it was excellent. I first had an asian-mexican fusion taco at a famous food truck in Austin, Texas- and Shinobu was just as good! Go try this place out, you won't be disappointed!
When I first started my Food Truck venture back in January, I tended to look for trucks that the one-of-a-kind flare.  Luckily, for me, I found it when I discovered Shinobu Diego's Tacos y Burritos.  These tacos are quite frankly the best infused street tacos I've ever had in Phoenix.

I came across Shinobu Diego's in front of the Phoenix Ale Brewery a almost a month after Mark and his mother, Mary, opened up.  I stepped out of the car and, instantly, I was hit with a vass aroma of Japanese flavors.  Everything is made fresh-to-order, his sauces are all homemade, and the meats are bursting with so much flavor, it is like a Tsunami after the first bite.

After my first outing, I was definitely hooked.  These tacos are so legit and delicious, that when they used to be at the brewery on Tuesdays, I would drive from Queen Creek all the way 40th St. and Washington... just to get these tacos.  Mark really knows what he's doing when he steps in the truck.  And Mary is such a sweetheart.

Mark recently relocated to Los Angeles and his truck has been out of commission because he needed the means to keep it going.  I talked with Mark a while ago and he says that he is eager to get Shinobu's back up and running and hopefully within a year.  He has amazing tacos, a growing fan base and with everyone loving the asian fusion phenomenon, he is going to be very successful, especially out on the streets of L.A.

I'm looking forward to the day that the "Flavor Tsunami" hits the streets again...
Brown Bear BBQ-is so good! I first encountered the dry rub BBQ at the Scottsdale Barrett Jackson car auction. It was so good that I had to make the trip to try it again! 

The Brown Bear BBQ joint is inside the Chevron gas station at the corner of Ironwood and Baseline-or you just may see the big school bus yellow BBQ trailer somewhere at an event. If you see it stop to eat!

The portion was very generous-I had the rib tips as well as the ribs with a wee side of brisket and pulled pork on a telero roll. I also ordered small sides of potato salad and coleslaw. The price is low for the large portion.

The BBQ is cooked slow and low-it has 3 levels of  flavor from the beginning bite on the bark ( that dry rub spice crust) to the smoke ring just below the bark and finally into the tender fall off the bone meat.

There were a variety of sauces to  try-I tried them all and find that the Ironwood Special is the best in my opinion-spicy hot!

Its very clean inside, there are a few tables to eat at, and Brown Bear BBQ serves breakfast, lunch and dinner starting at 4 a.m.!

If you ride a Harley-this is a great trip east of Mesa to have a good meal. 

p.s. if you like hot-I mean really hot, hot sauce-make sure and have some of the Extreme Hot African Ghost Pepper BBQ sauce-and have a telero roll on hand to help soak up the heat!
We came here because of the 5 star feedback and they were nearly walking distance from where we live. We were very excited to see a BBQ joint nearby but were highly disappointed with the food. Being from KC I know what good BBQ taste like and some of the best places are set up like this one but this wasn't even close when it came to good or even acceptable BBQ. They had a huge smoker in back but it wasn't used for the BBQ we had. Since we live very close we really wanted to like this place because the closest decent BBQ place is 20 miles away. 

We bought a sample plate because we love BBQ and wanted to get a good idea of what their's was like. The food tasted old, like it was warmed up from days before and it had a lot of grease on it. The beans had a weird aftertaste to them and also had an old burnt taste. The smoker in back was for show only because the food tasted like it was done in an oven a week before. 

Like I said very disappointed... don't waste your money.
Great stuff , give it a try!  Go to their website for current location, they move around,

brownbearbbq.com

Oh ya, they cater and its awesome !
If i'm in the mood for a curry i often visit the Bollywood box, The currys are made to order and are great and so authentic. I would recommend the Vegetarian curry chickpea curry it is great and i usually have the onion pakora which is just lovely.The lovely lady that runs it is such a ray of sunshine to all her customers and passers by.

It is so refreshing to taste different indian dishes than the usual dishes that all indian takeaways seem to churn out!
I keep forgetting about this place and I wanted curry for breakfast as I dragged myself out of bed early one afternoon. Wandering over to Bruntsfield is pleasant in itself, but the welcome you receive from the lady behind the counter makes a visit here that little more special. The place is a kitchen in a converted policebox / coffee box. The seating options are the bruntsfeild links, the meadows or if you live close by. Suits me really. 

They offer a selection of curries and after a bit of banter with I presume the owner, my missus and myself about various things we settled on  some chilli dal and pakoras. The curry is prepared fresh for you in the tiny space of the old policebox and is adjusted depnding on how hot you like it. Nice is microwaved but I think many places do this as I cannot notice the difference. All in it was less than £8 for 2 curries, a can of coke and a portion of pakora. We grabbed a bench on the links and tucked in to our bargain lunch while making a note to do this more often. The food is basic I guess but tasty, quick and inexpensive. Sometimes this is exactly what I need though. :D

Also remember to check some of the poetry that gets attached to the sides of this place. The lady inside the police box posts bits and peices up. Currently there is a cool poem about comparing love to ikea furniture. :D
I felt like a bit of a walk at lunch time so took a wander through the meadows and the links, unsure of what I fancied food wise but knowing I wanted away from the office. Then I came upon the pleasant aroma of curry and my decision was made... This Tardis like (well it is a police box) Indian takeaway is something a bit different, selling inexpensive curry, freshly cooked and made to the heat you want.

The proprietor is a happy cheery sort and seems genuinely interested in how your days been going. All in all the Bollywood Box is well worth checking out and ideal for a quick lunch on a nice day.
This hole in the wall establishment is probably the best way to sample real home-made Indian cooking in Edinburgh (unless you have family ties to that subcontinent).  

The Bollywood Coffee Box is absolutely outstandingly unique in many ways.  The bubbly person inside the former police box quadruples as chef/waitress/singer/conversationalist (she does all of that in parallel).  If you are in a bad mood, and even if you are not so hungry for Indian dishes, please safe yourself a trip to the shrink and just visit the Bollywood Coffee Box, have a chat with the owner while she is preparing a dish for you.  She will find humour in anything that will come up, and soon you will have forgotten about your woes for some time.

While you listen to some hindi-pop and sample the owner's qualities as a background singer, you can observe her throwing ingredients together, frying them up in a little pan on a little cooker.  She might ask you how spicy you want your food, and if you seem too Western to handle the spiciness you requested, she will give you samples to eat while she cooks your dish until it tastes as you like it, or can handle it.

Although everything I bought there was fantastic, I strongly recommend the vegetable daal.  Usually, I buy this and some chicken dish. But you can also just walk up and ask her to surprise you with one of her creations.
Of all the places I can think of that do good Indian food, nothing compares to this police box sized cupboard of wonders.

I have been here a few times and have never been disappointed once. If you are the type to enjoy your food on the spicier side then you can tell her and she will do exactly that in a way that you can still enjoy the meal without it tasting of nothing but chilli.

A wonderful girl who is usually listening to music and dancing about like a loony is your server but no matter what way you are feeling that day you are always left feeling like you're the most important individual in the world. 

Beautiful little place.
We went with the all American, the roast pork tenderloin, the chorizo , sloppy Johns , and finished it off with the garlic herb fries.  Great taste and quality.  Finished our meal off with a cupcake.  You guys nailed it, great job!!!!!
Hoh. My. Gawd.

Still thinking about this. If calories didn't count I'd marry the Mac n'Cheese Balls. 

They're HUGE! But oh so yummy. (Think two very large sized oranges.) Somehow this wasn't greasy. How anything fried can taste so healthy seems wrong. Which is the dangerous part kids!

AND get this - I ate the last ones tonight. (Yes, there was a bit of sing song to my voice. Na na na na!) If you want some you better get your butt in gear. When you see the orange flames on the black truck "Run Forrest, Run!"

But I'll probably trip you.

First come, first served ;)

Found this blessed truck of Godness at the Scottsdale Food Truck Caravan.  If I hadn't been intent on stuffing my face (pie hole) with the many samplings the slider menu looked RAD. I had a nibble of the pulled pork. OH BOY. 

Oh Boy.

(Still having a moment over here.)

You better save space in that belly. Seriously.

Dave, the owner/chef, is such a nice (AND FUNNY!) guy too. Say hi for me!
Mac and Cheese balls were delish and the pork sliders had a sweet bbq sauce on them that went perfectly with the tangy cole slaw topper (see pics I added)!  The guy running the truck was very friendly and even opened up a touch early for us since we were hungry.  We will definitely be hunting them down again.
Oh my goodness indeed! I just had a buffalo bird slider and it was amazing! It was a spicy ground chicken patty with blue cheese and carrot and cabbage slaw. So so good! Nice and friendly service too! They even were able to wrap my order to go. Now I just need to try their Mac & Cheese balls. They were all sold out tonight :(
I have eaten off GGGBS quite a few times and felt compelled to write this review for something other than the obvious.  The All American Slider is fantastic and if you are lucky enough to encounter them after they have slow cooked their pulled pork - do yourself a favor and try it.

So... why was I compelled to Yelp it?  As I continued to interact with GGGBS I have gotten to know Dave G. the owner.  I have to tell you - He encompasses everything I LOVE about the small businesses and that entrepreneurial spirit.  He is always smiling and is a great guy!  I love that about food trucks... the interaction with great people and Dave leads the charge.

Keep up the good work buddy!!
Food is great. However, it is very very small portions. It is not worth for the value. I will recommend different place.
Terribly overpriced.  Maybe 2 bucks a slider at the most would be in the vicinity of fairly priced.  I really just got overcharged (ten bucks!?!?!?) in cash and (an absolute ton) of calories for a subpar eighth of a meatball on a dinner roll.  No matter how fancy they try to make it, and the toppings sound,  it's a tiny, wholly banal hamburger.  Period.
Love the carts. Pretty much love all the carts. But whenever I eat from any of the carts this must accompany my meal. She has a really large variety of fruits to make smoothies and you can mix and match. There are also non-fruit things that you can add like chocolate but I always stick to the fruit. MmmmmmmMMm.
Nice smoothies but this review is more a plug for their spring rolls-- not sure if these are a regular item (there was a sign taped to the straw dispenser advertising them), but a single spring roll here was nearly as big as a burrito-- so a spring roll and a smoothie will pretty much set you up for lunch!
We generally head to Madison a few times per year to hit up the Dane Co Farmers Market (because it's amazing!). The Natural Juice cart is almost always on the agenda because, let's face it - the market is CROWDED. The sea of humanity can get overwhelming, especially on a hot day.

Enter "break time" at the Natural Juice cart - the ladies that work here are fast and pleasant. Their juice is fresh and delicious and reasonably priced. The Mister generally gets a smoothie but I stick with refreshing, tart limeade.

One other plus - you can get creative and design your own smoothie flavor. Want a soursop and blackberry? Chocolate and avocado? Blackberry and jackfruit? No problem - they'll make it for you.
Tried this place only once, but then again...I don't live in Madison and just come to visit as often as possible :) The place opened up in April so they are still pretty new.  

I asked if they had a restaurant too since most of the food stands do, but this is just food stand so if you like their food you'll have to get it there and then.  We shared the Tea braised pork and while it was pretty salty and left us satisfied again to definitely eat from this stand again. 

The dish came with a pretty large portion of white rise, cucumbers/celery and an egg. Everything was good, but everything (besides rice/salad) was also a little bit on the salty side. Too much non-sodium free soy sauce I believe. 

They also carry bubble tea, which I haven't tried.
Seriously!?!?  How in the HEII am I the first person to write a review for Sandra Dee's Catering!?!?  Crazy!  But woohoo ~ First Review!!  :)

I had made an executive/birthday decision last night for dinner.  It was either drive down to Fudds in Tempe and use a birthday coupon or do something else.  I decided to check out the Phoenix Street Coalition's facebook page and see if there were any food trucks gathering.  Lo and behold - Sandra Dee's was going to be right around the corner from us in Old Town!  I inform J...let's skip getting stuck in traffic and check this place out.  I'm certainly glad we did!!

Sandra D is very friendly and when I asked if I should get the Shrimp or Catfish Po boy, she suggested the shrimp and trying a basket instead.  So I could try the shrimp on their own.  I decided to go with her suggestion.  

OMFG - The shrimp was AWESOME!!!  Lightly coated.  Not undercooked.  But not rubbery.  Awesome seasoning.  The sauce provided to dip, tasty too, but not needed.  The shrimp stood on their own.  :)  Seriously, these shrimp were so good that J enjoyed a few pieces too, and he's not a big fan of crustaceans!  

As we were getting ready to leave, Sandra comes out of the trailer and I inform her that my dinner was amazing!  J, SD, and I get to talking and she mentions her gumbo.  We end up getting a sample of it to try.  That too was flipping amazing!  

J's take on the Gumbo - "I'd describe the gumbo as sensational.  Well seasoned with a broth that puts others to shame.  The andouille was spectacular.  Firm and savory.  The shrimp perfectly cooked and every bite balanced"

We look forward to visiting Sandra Dee's Catering truck again!  :)
This food truck/trailer is a must visit. Creole Cooking that is Oh So Good! The gumbo was phenomenal as is the shrimp, and I am not a shrimp fan in the least. To say I'd order a Shrimp Basket for myself should speak volumes about the skill with which Sandra crafts her offerings.

From Shreveport, Louisiana, Sandra bring a wealth of Creole knowledge and you'll be glad you sought out her truck with every tasty, savory bite! Sandra, herself, is such a nice, personal, ebullient lady, serving up heaping helpings of friendly chitchat along with her catfish, shrimp and porkchop po' boys done the right way.

Be sure to follow her on Twitter (@SandraDeesFoods) to find out where she's parking the trailer and get yourself some Good Eats!
A welcome new addition to the ASU Food Truck Block Party.

Id heard about Sandra Dees southern fare for a while now. My hubby ordered their southern fried chicken (comes w/ fries) and I had the creole hot wings. They were out of water they day we went, so we drank the koolaid (ha ha).

My wings were....average. I didnt taste any creole seasoning, just hot buffalo sauce. My hubby, however, loved his fried chicken. The one taste he allowed me to have was very good. The chicken was moist and the breading had just that right crunchyness. Great seasoning too.

While I was disappointed in my meal, it wont stop me from going back to try something different.

See you next week Sandra Dees!
Great food and Southern charm - can't get any better than that.

Catfish done perfectly.  Cannot say good enough things about the fried fare; shrimp, catfish, chicken baskets all delicious and a must try especially for first timers.  Creole sauce and hot sauce are amazing accompaniments.  

Some of the best gumbo I've had in Phoenix and also a must try if it's on the menu.  Poboys are awesome - go for the catfish or shrimp.

If Sandra has crawfish available, give it a try.  Absolutely delicious and fun to eat!
UM Yum!!!! 

Sandra Dee's was parked outside of my office today. The advertisment sent by our complex via email was very unassuming. It simply stated Sandra Dee's Catering with a picture of a truck and a short list of menu items. Benigets, coffee, biscuits and gravey Chicken and waffles. I thought hmmm not everyone can do biscuits and gravy justice maybe I'll check it out. 

Then I looked them up on Yelp and found that Sandra Dee is from Louisianna! Jack pot! It's against the law to be from Louisianna and not know how to cook B N G! Well at least it should be. So now fueled with this new information I am on a mission to hit up this food truck!

Wow the flavor! A few bites of biscuit were dry however the generous serving of very flavorful gravy moistened it right up! I will definately keep my eye out for more goodies from Miss Sandra Dee! I think the Dee is for Deelish!

Might have to go back for a Beniget!
For me, Sandra Dees exemplifies the true essence of a small business / food truck. She is not trying to be anyone she is not, her food is genuine, and she takes pride in making sure her product is top notch.

Had the shrimp which was seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly. It came with a little ramekin of some delicious sauce I would drink on its own.  Keep up the good work!!
Fantastic shrimp po-boy!  The ingredients were really fresh, the bread was soft and tasty, the shrimp crispy and the sauce was delicious.  It will be hard getting anything else.  I'll have to though since their other dishes look great as well!
I found my favorite Mexican food finally. 
Went here Friday night and came back Saturday for lunch. I told the manager that I'd see him tomorrow.
Went here today and got the pork burrito. The burrito was mostly beans and rice and hardly any pork. My burrito was really bland and had no flavor except for a little sweet bite of pineapple every once in awhile. If I am going to spend 7 dollars on a burrito I will go up the street to Chipotle, at least that has flavor. I got their Brushfire salsa which has a flavor I don't care for (kind of plastic flavor). The girl taking the order was really nice and the fact they just opened I gave them 2 stars. I know sometimes it takes a little while to find your footing. Hopefully they will invest in some seasoning or at best some salt.
EXCELLENT TACOS!! My first vist, this place is friendly and the food was great. They even have a fountain outside that keeps the atmosphere under the tent cool. Good location next to a Coffee shop that has great coffee and the help speaks great english and doesn't get mad becuase you're white. Drive thru so yea I love this place already!!
Stopped in for a bite while visiting family. The tacos are a good size and the meats are well seasoned and tasty. The star of the show though was the empenada tapas and spicy mayo! They were bursting with flavor and generously stuffed! Service is great and food came out quick too!
Muy delicioso! I've driven thru several times and each visit has left me happier than the last. 

Brushfire offers a wide selection of tacos, each with specialized toppings. I swoon for the adobado pork, which includes juicy bits of pineapple, spicy peppers, and cotija cheese in a flour tortilla. If you want corn tortillas instead, ask. 

Other tacos include chicken, carne asada, shrimp, and veggie, which has roasted peppers, red potatoes, mushrooms, and other bits. Tacos can also be upgraded to burritos, bowls, or added to a flight. 

Flights include your entree, fresh chips and your choice of five fresh salsas, a tapas and drink...and they not only have coke zero, they also have decent unsweetened iced tea. 

Tapas options seem smaller recently, but are still crunchy bliss. I love the shrimp, like the croquetas and empanadas, and haven't tried the roasted potatoes. 

Service is speedy and super friendly. This is a eat in the car sort of place, so ask for extra napkins and just relax. You may just want to drive thru again for churros or flan.
For a while, I've been wanting to go to this famed taco trailer as I've heard from Nelson Q. that this was the place for cabeza and lengua tacos.

 It was a bit confusing so I've had failed attempts so let me try to clear up as much information as possible. Firstly, it used to be called Karinas 2 and it is now Sinaloa. So if you're looking for that, then what you're looking for is Sinaloa. Way before, they used to be by Oakey by Luv- Its then moved to this side of town. .Now it WAS on the corner of Vegas Dr and Decatur Blvd.but it has since moved... You will see a cart at that gas station and that's some new vendor. They are now at Billy Macs Auto lot on Decatur and Lake Mead. Now my goal for next time is to get their hours, but for now the best bet is to go later in the day. Oh yeah, they take cash AND card which is unusual for a taco cart. 

It is pretty basic what they offer. Meats : carne asada, al pastor/adobada, chorizo, lengua, cabeza. You can get it as tacos, tortas, burritos, quesadillas or mulitas. They have some sodas and horchata. 

So the positives - 

HANDMADE TORTILLAS. So when corn tortillas are fresh they tend to soft and fluffy of a consistency than mass produced ones, even the better brands. They also make fresh flour tortillas, but I did not try them on this visit, but will one day. I love that they offer fresh tortillas here, which separates them from a lot of taco spots. 

We tried

Adobada - pretty solid. It's not my favorite one in town, but pretty good. 
Cabeza - really nice and now sinewy/fatty like some can be which was a plus for the BF. 
Lengua - theirs was good. The BF is weird about how some can be a bit gelatinous, but this was meaty and none at all. He just prefers a smaller dice than big cuts like this, but it was tender and delicious to me. 

Packed ours to go and it stayed well the 5 minutes to get to my MILs place. They packed up salsas for us, but we hit the salsa bar for some of the extras like the diced up pineapples, pickled carrots and peppers, pickled onions, more limes, etc. 

It was pretty fast and efficiently run and seemed pretty clean inside from what I can see when their side door was open. The meats are solid, the fresh made tortillas are a huge plus. Definitely one of the better taco carts around and I will definitely be back to try more. First impression and first visit though was very good so go! 

If you need more convincing and some pictures, check out the old reviews of the previous locations. I made a new one because it is really hard to convince Yelp to change addresses for such a small, barely reviews place-

Karinas when it was at Decatur/Vegas - http://www.yelp.com/biz/karinas-2-las-vegas-2#query:Karinas%202
Karinas when it was in Downtown - http://www.yelp.com/biz/karinas-2-las-vegas#query:Karinas%202
Sooooo happy that these guys didn't disappear for good! They just outgrew that space at the gas station and have now been situated at N Decatur and Lake Mead in the slightly bigger parking lot of Billy Mac's Auto Shop. They even brought their regulars with them, because even this lot was PACKED!

The items at Sinaloa are the same, and they even have a little hot dog cart off to the side, but it ain't anything like those yummy LA street dogs! Prices are also the same:

Tacos:
Asada, Al Pastor, Cabeza (*Their specialty), and Chorizo $1.50
Lengua and Tripas $2

Burritos, Tortas, and Quesadillas:
Asada, Al Pastor, Cabeza, and Chorizo $5.00
Lengua and Tripas $6.50

Mulitas: $4-6

According to the girl taking our order, their business hours are:
6pm-Midnight  Monday-Thursday
6pm-1am Friday-Sunday

If you haven't been yet(of course you haven't! So far, only Me, Jade W., and Amanda M. have!) Sinaloa is one of the best street taco vendors in town, and they make fresh flour and corn tortillas on the spot....Can't get fresher than that!

Tacos are just as good as I remember, and get them TO GO....they'll pack it up nicely on a plate with radish, lime, and salsas for you...If you're in the area, they are not hard to find. They are just a few blocks up from Komex, and across the street from Thai Grill. Use cash if you got it, but they do take plastic. I would avoid that $1.00 credit card charge and get a bottle of sangria to go with your tacos instead...ALOHA!!!

***When the weather starts getting cooler, this will be the starting point for the "Street Taco Scramble Part 2!!!****
I came here last night with about 20 people from Yelp as the first stop on Nelson's UYE Taco Trek and Cool Down #2.

I got two tacos, one cabeza with a hand made corn tortilla; the other was lengua with flour tortilla.  After stopping at the toppings bar on the side of the wagon, I enjoyed these tacos a lot.  I like the sliced cucumbers and their spicy hot green salsa.  It was very good.  On the lengua, I put some pineapple which made the flavor of the tongue stand out.

I think this would be a place to which I'll return and get some tacos to go.  I find that eating at food trucks is problematic because you don't have a place to sit nor a table.  Of course, I could have gotten one of my folding chairs we use for after hike Guinness Time but today's not the best time to think of that.

This is a good street taco place and I recommend it if you're on the west side of Las Vegas!
When I stopped by Sinaloa the other night with a group of friendly Yelpers on what happened to be the first UYE (Taco Trek) I have attended, I went simple and safe.  I ordered just two tacos knowing this was not our first stop.  I had one carne asada and one al pastor taco.  I was not brave enough to try the tripa, lengua or cabeza.  Those are too foreign to me.  I stuck with what I know and I was not overly impressed for the most part.  I was enjoying myself but more because of the company rather than the tacos.  That is not to say the tacos were bad.  They just weren't especially flavorful.  I suppose I could have used some of the salsa and condiments on hand.  But I like to taste the flavor of my food rather than cover it.  I heard the salsas were pretty good though.  All that being said I must say the fresh made corn tortillas cranked out by hand are outstanding.  That is a nice touch.
Great sinaluence tacos! Probably the best in town. They always serve fast, and have a variety of salsas. They also have those good ol bottled cokes. Make sure to try the mulitas, absolute deliciousness!
This is where we met up to start our taco trek UYE and the best of our stops in my opinion. I was so impressed watching them making fresh flour tortillas right on the truck! Nice! The line was long at Sinaloa so I found that to be a good sign. Sinaloa offers a variety of tacos, burritos, mulitas, tortas and quesadillas. Here are some of the current prices:

*Tacos*
- Asada (beef), Al Pastor (marinated pork), Cabeza (head), Chorizo (pork beef) are $1.50 each 
- Lengua (tongue), Tripa ( intestines) are $2 each.  

*Burritos, Tortas and Quesadillas* 
- Regular $5
- Lengua $6.50
- Tripa $6.50

I decided to try a "Al Pastor Taco" and after ordering it took about 10 minutes for my taco. They make everything you order from scratch so it might take an extra minute, but it is worth it. The fresh tortilla is worth it alone! The pastor had great flavor. My hubby noticed the condiment bar (salsas, sliced cucumber, etc.) right next to where you order, but I didn't see it! I think there were too many people standing in front of it for me to notice. While I watched my hubby make a Mexican flag with sauce across his 2 tacos, I was glad to just have the cilantro/onion mix on my taco. The pastor had such good flavor that it really didn't need anything more then a good fresh tortilla wrapped around it. 

They have Coca-Cola in glass bottles (score!) and there is even a hot dog cart right next to the truck. I don't get the hot dog cart, but there were a decent amount of kids eating hot dogs so whatever works!
Started out here as the first stop on a taco  trek UYE. There was a good sized crowd including yelpers. The smell coming from the truck was so good that I couldn't wait to try a couple tacos. There was also a hot dog cart next to the truck and coolers with drinks for sale. Since the line was long and they make the food to order I had to wait a bit for my tacos but it was worth it. After I got the 2 asada tacos I ordered on flour tortillas, I headed over to the condiment bar and loaded up on several salsas. I was surprised there was a lady on the truck making flour tortillas fresh for each order. major kudos on that! The flavor of the asada was good. I liked that my tacos were only $1.50 a piece and I could still add whatever salsas and veggies I wanted on my tacos. I will stop here again and recommend it to everybody.
We have been eating tacos at Sinaloas for a while and then we lost them for a bit as they moved locations which was a great move but they had me scared for a while. 

I'm pretty sure all they serve here is great but I personally come here for the tacos de cabeza! Yes sir/mam and don't knock it till you've tried it!  I'm sure you can get cabeza in a burrito or quesadilla but I go for the tacos since the handmade tortillas you see being pressed out make it that much better. One thing i would recommend is to get them to go as they pack it up nicely which keeps them warm until you eat them and they include a red and green salsa.  

Now don't expect tables and chairs to get comfy in while you eat but do expect to keep wanting to come back for more tacos deliciosos!
I was expecting a low key taco truck....but it seemed like a big party was going on when we pulled up to the auto shop lot where Sinaloa is parked! The parking lot was packed and there were people hanging out and eating tacos on top of their cars.  I would say this taco truck has the equivalent atmosphere of a night market in Asia.  The line was pretty long, all the way back to the curb when we got there with at least 20-30 people milling around eating/talking.  We were by far the odd ones out....there was not a word of English to be heard while we waited.  The tacos were $1.50 each and come with onions/cilantro, except for a few specialty items like lengua/tripe which were $2.00.  They have the assortment of tortas/burritos/quesadillas/mulitas, etc as well.  But I was there to try the hand made corn tortillas, so I went with my favorites, al pastor and lengua.  You can also order grilled onions and jalapenos for your tacos as well. The lengua was the large tender chunks that I like and the al pastor was tender and flavorful. Both were delicious even after packing them to go and driving the 20 minutes home.  They also have a condiment bar off to the right of the truck with pineapple salsa, cucumbers, beets, lime wedges, green and red salsa, and this guac dressing.  Look for the little plastic baggies to put the goodies in....being a rookie, I started packing sauces in the baggies but later was informed by the workers that the to go orders come with the red chili sauce and guac dressing on the plate.  Expect a little bit of a wait time since the tortillas are made in the truck.  The man handing out the orders was also kind enough to realize we couldn't understand Spanish...so he made it a point to get our number and bring us our order =) 

A few side notes, they also take credit cards and a hot dog cart is over on the left if you have a child who won't eat tacos, and you can even pick up a boot leg DVD from the hot dog cart =P.
I have nooo complaints with this truck!! Don't let the location Decatur @Lake Mead in front of auto shop fool you! I been here several times, the food is super yummy! Ive always been sceptical of taco trucks cleanliness but they have an."A".rating in there window. Always clean when I go. Did I mention home made corn tortillas! Don't ask me how they fit that machine in there! You can't beat $1.50 carne tacos abd super delish. $5 Tortas!! This truck is a must try!
This place is by far the best taco truck I've had here in Vegas. The flavor is good and you can't beat the hand made tortillas. Recommend to any body who's looking for great tasting tacos!!
I'm not going to lie, the whole thing feels a little sketchy and I order in spanish to try to blend in, but it's all worth it for those burritos al pastor and fresh tortillas.
Was on my way to Pepe's and pulled over when I saw the crowd gathered around this taco truck.

I liked...
- Handmade corn tortilla.  Yum.  
- Salsa bar.  A good spice red sauce and an even better greenish red sauce.  A tasty avocado sauce too!
- Fresh horchata on ice.  Nice and sweet.

I didn't like...
- No rice in burritos??
- High prices for a food truck.  $2 for tacos and $6 for burritos.
- No tables or chairs for sitting.
I am pretty sure I have never rated anything on Yelp. However, with that being said I was so satisfied with this place that I am writing this review as I drive home. I couldn't wait to give it five stars. It was my first time at a taco cart and I was a little nervous. However as I walked up I was warmly greeted by a man who turns out to be the owner. I ordered a chicken taco. While I was waiting for it to be prepared he presented me with a taco on the house of their specialty, the pastor. After eating both which were both equally delicious I am left speechless about how wonderful this place is.  Hands down the best tacos I have ever had and a gracious owner to boot. What more could you possibly ask for?!?!
The best tacos in Las Vegas Period! Al pastor with cheese and pineapples or no cheese are the best :) I visit frequently (3+ a week) and always consistent, I just want to rob that spinning meat thingy and take it home with me!
Great great tacos.  Place very clean.  Perfect seasoning and right amount of grease on food and tortillas.  Preparation and placement of salsas, onions, cilantro was immaculate.  But the meats were  by far better than any tacos in Las Vegas.  A Los Angeles native that loves street food....A+.
One of the best taco trucks in the city! Their al pastor is spicy and full of flavor. The employees are extremely friendly and passionate about what they do. I recommend getting their al pastor con queso for a delicious yet heart attack inducing meal! Viva el Pastorcito!
I have to say this Colombian spot located on the southwestern corner of Sahara/Torrey Pines Dr, carries one of the most unique flavors in Colombian appetizers. I would strongly recommend #6 Patacon de Carne desmechada! You can't go wrong with it, and comes along with a very humble friendly staff! Enjoy!
Arepa Xpress is the only place in Vegas to get your fix of so many great Colombian treats!  I strongly recommend the Colombian style hot dogs, definitely a must! The best hot dog you've ever tried, I promise! It's colombian fast food at its best. U can even call in or text your orders ahead of time so they can have them ready for u. And now with the cold weather upon us they will bring the orders out to ur car, can't beat that!
I have never had an arepa before. And now, I am a big fan, we especially like the cilantro sauce served with it. The vegan arepa with the plantain and avocado is worth going to find this truck. Prices are good, the people are nice and we are happy they have such a lovely vegan option.
Food is amazing!!! Typical Colombian Arepas and much more!! I highly recommend it, can't wait to come back!!
Authentic Colombian food and it tasted amazing as well! Don't let the little truck fool you! Highly recommend it! Will definitely be coming back. Had the salchicha (hot dog) and it was perfect!
Great and easy place to stop for a bite right on my way home from work down W Sahara. It was my first introduction to Colombian food and now I try to go once a week! Really friendly and helpful staff; they make you feel like family. If you're a first timer, they'll explain the different items and make recommendations, but really, everything is delicious!