pretty good, but too much smokers in there. the business owner is a good friend of ours. good place, recommended. i haven't been there for a while, but the food i remember is really good.
I only like one drink here, but it's enough for me to come in occasionally.  I love their green milk tea, other than that I am not a fan of the drinks here.  The fruit drinks aren't made of real fruits and sometimes they taste powdery.

As for the food, there is only 2 things I like.  The taiwanese sausage ( I don't know where else to get this in Vegas) and the spiced pork chop plate is a pretty good price for lunch.

I don't like going at night though because that's when all the young teenagers come out...and I hate the smokers too.  I wish lung cancer on all of them.  :oP
Well because of the smoking law...no smoking here. Tea Planet is a great place to get different flavors of Boba from Milk tea, hot, fruit, etc. There's a wide selection of different teas. The other cool thing is there's a bunch of tables where people can just hang out and socialize, play cards, read, etc.
They also serve food but I've never really eaten much here. My favorite is the Almond Tea. They also have really good ube tea(purple yam). 
I would like to come here more often but the parking really sucks especially late at night due to Ichiza traffic.
I'm surprise about the rating about Tea Planet....it should be more stars....cos to me...is really good...they have a good selection of drinks...I pick different drinks all the time...and is always good...I love their thick toast...and their food is great...I've been to a lot of these Taiwanese boba places..in NYC and SF but this one is my favorite...=)
The only thing I like here is the main thing they serve, the boba teas.  I like almost all of them.  Not a big fan of the thai tea here though.  The food is below average.  I wouldn't get any unless you were really hungry, and couldn't wait to eat some asian food even though there's PLENTY of other places right next door to it to eat better food.  There are a lot of younger people who go there.  Hey, at least no smoking though which is a plus for me.  If you're bored, ask for a deck of cards which is what everyone else seems to do.  Also, it's cheaper to order a boba "To Go."  Maybe it's because there's limited seating so they want you to get the hell out of there?
Our out-of-town guest was in dire need of some boba before she returned back to Wisconsin.  Seeing Tea Planet all the time after my many jaunts to Ichiza, it was my first time in.  This place is always popping in the late evenings, and it's no exception on a weekday night.

We grabbed a table by the window and perused the menu.  It took us all awhile to order since we didn't know where to start.  After getting our orders in, we were able to get a deck of cards so we can be part of the crowd.  The BF and I shared a large Mango Snow Ice ($6.25) with no tapioca.  Good stuff, mostly because it tasted like mango puree.  Our other friends order the Chrysanthemum tea, which came with two tea cups, a medium Lychee Snow Ice with tapioca ($4.75), and a Iced Black Tea.  When ordering the black tea, the waiter asked if he wanted it hot or cold, and he opted for cold.  He didn't expect it to be sweetened though.  It ended up being okay in the end, but took him by surprise when he tasted the sweetness.

To grub on, we ordered Fried Spicy Chicken ($4.50) which is deep fried with basil.  The BF and I like to grub on this from various boba places that offer it.  We also tried the Fried Tofu ($4.50), which is pretty basic and comes with hot sauce.  But decent when you want fried junk.  We tried ordering the Taiwanese Pork Pacman ($6.50), but the waiter strongly discouraged us from ordering it.  We ended up with the Fried Squid Balls ($4.50), which is exactly what it is, squid balls!  (Not those kind of balls, duh!)  Food is pretty pricey when you look it over, but you're really here for their beverages.  They also serve random things like Chicken Alfredo Pasta ($7.50) and Squid Jerky ($4.50). 

The cool thing about this place is that you can chill and hang out.  You can grab a deck of cards and just have a good time.  (Apparently we were having too much fun though 'cuz they told us to quiet down.)  You'll find people of all ethnic backgrounds here as well, which I always think is a cool thing.

Service is just okay.  They never cleared our table, so we had to put the plates on the shelf next to us.  We were there for a good couple of hours too and ordered throughout our stay, so that's probably why they allowed our loud selves to stick around.  

Overall, I do like places that allow you to hang out and play cards.  Serving some cool beverages and good snack foods to share always makes it a decent place to kick it!

Sidenote: $3 minimum per person.

(I added pics of our drinking and snacking in the business profile!)
It's an okay place if you're under aged and can't get in to the clubs.  It's just your small "coffee place" look but serves boba-tea.  I like the fact that you can sit down and be served.  While waiting, you can play cards and board games since they provide it.  

I've taken people here on a first date just to feel them out.  It's casual and not intense.  I can be myself here and just be comfortable.  My favorite drink here is the Lychee Boba Tea with Lychee chunks.  As for the food, it's just okay.  Nothing special but if you're hungry they serve.
This is Las Vegas' version of Tea Station I guess.  The sign said "Tea Planet" but everything inside had the Tea Station logo.

I think it's in the Tea Station employee hand book that the servers are supposed to be rude.  We got the same crappy service in Vegas that we would normally get in the San Diego and Los Angeles locations.

Our drinks took a long time to come out (the place was not packed).   We ordered green tea, green milk tea, and peppermint milk tea - they were good though, they tasted the same and the boba had the same consistency as the other locations.    

Their spicy chicken wings were pretty good, I would have to say better than the San Diego locations.

This location gets 2 stars because of the bad customer service and the lengthy time it took us to get our drinks.
The selection is amazing, and it's perfect for a late night outing. Lots bring games to play with friends while they're there.
I'm the only remaining member of my family that regularly goes to Tapioca Tea Rooms, even though I was introduced to them by my kids when they were teen-agers. The best Boba Joint back then was Tea Planet, as the place known as Tea Station is now called. 

What makes a good Tapioca Tea Room? A wide selection of Teas, with or without the Tapioca Balls. A good selection of snacks... and the Tea Station provides an ample selection of snacks to outright meals. And an ambiance that is not aimed at the teen-age crowd - the decor will tell you when you walk into Tea Station that you don't have to be a teen-ager to frequent this establishment. In fact, you don't even have to order Tapioca Teas. There is bench seating against the right wall as you enter that runs the entire length of the establishment... with handsome teak tables and chairs that further define seating spaces. Very classy and nice atmosphere.

My favorite Tea with Tapioca is either the Green Milk Tea or the Green Milk Tea with Honey... both with Tapioca balls.

My favorite snacks are...
   Tea Boiled Egg
   Chinese Sausages
   Fried Tofu
   Bean Cake

   Braised Pork with Preserved Vegetables
   Instant Ramen with 1 Egg
   Picked Ground Pork with Rice
   
Why doesn't my kids like Boba anymore? They're in their mid-20s now and they've graduated (with their friends) to finer eating establishments. The main reason they give is that the crowd at the Tea Station is mainly non-Asian now... to them it has been taken over by a different crowd.

After five years of not having a Tapioca Tea from the Tea Station... it seems to me it has definitely changed. I ordered a Green Milk Tea with Tapioca from there right after dinner at Ichiza upstairs from the Tea Station. The wait-staff seems a little older, and a little less friendly. Of course, they could have been mad that there were only two persons waiting on a 70% filled establishment - In the past there could be up to four persons waiting on customers. There is also a rule at all the Tea Stations that a person can't sit at any of the tables without ordering a snack or meal... ridiculous! The crowd is getting a little older also... the age of the crowd on a weekday at 11pm seemed to be more in their late 30s than the predominantly teen-age, college-age crowd back when I lived in Las Vegas. But the ethnicity of the people there at that time of night contradicted what my kids said about the declining Asian audience... over 70% of the people there at 11pm were Asian.

One thing hasn't changed, though - the Tea is as good as ever.
They were open on Thanksgiving.  Four stars off the bat.  Then again, the Chinese places are the only ones open on Thanksgiving anyway.

This is a sister store to TenRen, so you know it can't be one of those awful places where the boba tastes old and crusty...  Mmm.
I just got a Tea Planet card after my first trip 4 days ago and we've already gotten 7 punched holes in our card!  Crazy!!  But seriously..love the boba.  I am not into the fried food so much but most menu items aren't bad.  Their "pacman" pork is prob my fav.
the milk tea is made from scratch. (oolong tea and condensed milk) vs your normal, made from powder crap you get at your local tap x or quicklys. the boba is fresh, nice and chewy. 

the mango snow ice is also very good. nice at tangy. made from fresh fruit of course!

the spiced fried chicken, (is not spicy), its pretty good, its seasoned well and has a nice crunch, nice small size, and cheap snack.

the pork chop fried rice was pretty good. i think the one place i like better than here is sinbala in so cal, but its pretty good here. 

portion size is pretty good. you get rice with ground pork on top, a big piece of deep fried pork chop (seasoned well), pickled cabbage, egg, and this other cabbage type thing. nice and filling. 

i also had the green dumplings, very cute presentation of green and white skinned dumplings, they taste the same (whether its green or white).

the hot teas are brought to you in a clear glass tea kettle on a tray. all the other boba drinks come to you in huge glass glasses (think like those beer glasses w/ handle, if you get the large size).

service was good, the girls working there are cute and nice. 

our drinks and dishes came out pretty quickly too. 

decor: i'd have to say its one of the nicest looking tea places i've been to, probably can accomodate around 50 people, pretty clean, and plays fobby chinese music. 

if you're jonesin for some boba in vegas, you MUST come here. 

location is pretty fair, its not too far from the strip, its pretty close to wynn and TI.
Places like this remind me of how much i miss San Jose and places like Tapioca Express. 

Ordered a Peach Yogurt snow with pears. larges are...LARGE but expensive San Jose i can expect to spend about 4.50 for one that's just a quarter smaller but here it's 6 bucks. 

Other then being a penny pinching bastard i can find anything else wrong with the place, will try to come back to try the mango everyone's raving about as well as the chicken.

This place is MUCH BETTER then that other Taiwanese place down the road that everyone, employees and customers included give me the judging eyes for a foreigner. Note, i was born in CALIFORNIA and spent an enlistment in the Marines, i also practice my 2nd amendment right by owning a Springfield 40cal so if I am to be considered a foreigner, we got serious issues....

:: UPDATE ::
Okay just bumped this place up from a 3 star to a 4 star.
- The spicy fried chicken wasnt really spicy at all. it has as much heat as a chicken mcnugget
+ Finally found something i liked that made me go up a star and that's the Iced Bubble Coffee with pearl
- Everyone raves about the mango snow ice i believe, to me it's not bad but i'd never order it again, it tastes too artificial and lots of it.
+ Seaweed wrapped chicken rolls are HIGHLY recommended
Maybe this place just isn't my cup of tea?

Honestly, I'm not much of tea drinker and the food on this menu was well out of my comfort zone, but I was looking to try new things.  Squid jerky was definetly a new thing to try.

It's been awhile since I'd eaten seafood, so the taste of the squid in my mouth took some getting used to...as well that it was jerky so I couldn't eat it quickly or swallow...the taste had to linger in my mouth for quite awhile.

This business is located just underneath the popular Ichiza sushi restaurant, our first choice for this evening, but with an hour wait, we chose to go to Tea Planet instead.  The smells were excellent when we walked in though I can't quite say what it was; it was quite sweet.  Many young adults or older kids were sitting around playing card games and drinking tea or consuming some type of rice-based food.  

The menu is primarily tea in many forms, from hot to cold, mixed and plain.  The food is almost an afterthought, yet what you get when you order something from the menu is a complete meal.  I ordered the squid jerky as an appetizer (or not, heh) for $4.00, my Spiced Pork Slices were $7.00 and came with sticky rice, onions and greens.  It was an interesting meal that I cannot say I totally enjoyed, but did not hate, either.

The tea was way too sweet but I could drink it.  My friends drink seemed a lot more enticing with boba and plum in her tea.  Next time I may want to try one of those instead.  The prices on the menu are all quite reasonable.  I would go here again, maybe, if Ichiza had a long wait, but at least I can say I tried something new.
Totally cute place with so-so service. I always get my boba tea to go so I don't really take advantage of the cuteness of the establishment.
And when I say cute,... it's cute in that Starbucks of boba kinda way.

I think this is a chain.
I want to say that I've seen one of these in New York.
But... whatever.

The lychee crushed ice drink was delish.
I had the medium and it was actually pretty big.
I'd drop in here again after a visit to Ichiza maybe.
But I wouldn't make a special trip to come here.
The quality of food and drinks at Tea Stations all over has always been consistent among each other. It's pricier than your average boba chain, but you get what you paid for.

JONASAPPROVED!
Really slow service but great boba the food is okay.
I love Tea Station...who doesn't like a cheap rice dish and a tasty refreshing drink to wash it all down. Grew up hanging out at Tea Station with friends back in So.Cal, when I moved here I still come here once in a while by me self....when I crave the taste of minced pork rice with pickled veggies and a large cold honey green tea to cool off in this hot desert heat. I also like the selection of small snack/appetizer dishes....which doesn't break your wallet.
This is actually the only good boba place here so far (unless anyone has any suggestions)! I like their milk green tea, and maybe the mango snow ice (although it could be very sweet!). The prices are higher than most places, but it's ok for a better quality of drinks...

I've heard that their popcorn chicken is good...

They also have lunch specials before 2pm where you can get a FREE green milk tea, green tea, milk tea, etc. with your meal!
6 years ago, we did the American FOB thang and flew to Las Vegas to see the Taiwanese and Hong Kong R&B sensation version of J-Lo at the shitty Mandalay Bay Events Center (at ticket prices that would make U2, The Cure, and Radiohead blush), I suppose you can call her C-Lee, or stage name Coco Lee (real name ahem....Ferren Lee, gotta love Hong Kongers who try to get too creative with English names). 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coco_Lee

(the pic in the link is old btw, you can probably find some more recent material on youtube if you want an idea).

Coco is 100% Chinese, speaks fluent English having spent much time in the US since age 10 (attended UC Irvine at some point) yet somehow through vocal training can belt out (in her prime which has sadly past) a voice that almost sounds like Mo Town, and somehow managed to develop some serious badonkadonk that looked like it came straight outta Puerto Rico. 

So we sat down for the whole show, and Coco had to work on the crowd, most of whom were older A$Ns and younger AZNs who came from more conservative families and didn't seem to have a clue as to how to behave at pop concerts, and needed cues from the pop $en$ation herself that she needed more encouragement from the audience via louder screams, or some AZN announcer trying to work the crowd again at the end of the first set for an encore (when the reverse is true at western rock concerts, the audience automatically goes buck wild for encores without cues). At some point we were a bit worn out and jaded at this pseudo imported A$N pop concert experience and how lame it turned out to be (where half of the songs had no live band backing, and one song was lip sync'd to the studio album playing in the background, sorry Coco ain't Janet Jackson who in her prime sang AND danced) and immediately thought about where we could unwind from the madness (or lack thereof).

So Tea Planet came into play. We knew about this place as TP (not toilet paper) is actually Tsing Shong Xiao Dzan, aka Tea Station Cafe. It is also owned by the same group or family who operates a chain of them across Southern California (and two locations in Nor Cal, Fremont and Newark) with them mainly stationed by the location by San Gabriel Square on Valley. (SGV).

We had no set of wheels of our own, so we cabbed it here within less than 10 minutes. 

Don't remember too much about this place, except the menu mirrors the Tea Stations in Southern California, but not quite the same quality and vibe. My iced mixed fruit tea was overly sweetened (was my favorite drink at the Southern Cal TS). I suppose this location is better than the one in Nor Cal Newark, decent and passable and for sure way better than Quickbux or some other tapioca tea joint. Then again I'm a bit biased as I'm a fan of Ten Ren, straight outta Taiwan.

In the words of a friend, TAIWAN ROCs! (Republic of China lolz).

And Coco's a$$ got really big when we saw her again at the Shoreline in Mountain View CA  September 07 (actually we were there for opener Alex To, former druggie who at 40 going towards 50, still kicked a shitload of ass, like a stripper working overtime for that dollar). F******K still the same schtick from her about "I'm so nervous I need some encouragement", "are y'all cuh-rayzee AZN muckafuthas ready to par-tay? Lemme hear ya scuh-reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeem b*tches!"

At least Tea Planet and Ten Ren are much less predictable than a Co Co show. $ave your money and get some OG Tea $tation sippage.
Happiness is...Holding a luscious Tea Planet beverage in your hand!  I was craving a Green Tea smoothie so I headed down to Tea Planet to get my fix...I love this place!

There's so many tasty beverages to choose from it's hard to decide, so I guess I'll have to keep going back and experimenting these delicious concoctions!

It seems like the perfect place to bring your lap-top and just chill out while getting your Boba on.  The food is pretty darn good too.  Check it out, you'll be glad you did!
Good tapioca drinks, well, it's the main thing they sell.

A big plus was the food, it's pretty tasty for a boba place.

Before 2pm you get a free green milk tea, green tea, milk tea, etc. with your meal, that's an excellent deal.
I spent the better part of my high school life here. This place is phenomenal. I have incredible memories here and have loved it forever. This place is open until 2am in the morning, serves the best boba in the city (I will ONLY order taro boba here -- no one else gets it right), and never cares how loud or how much fun you are having. The food is exactly what you expect it to be, made to snack on at midnight, though there are a few other good entree dishes. They will give you a discount for takeout. Favorite place in the world. Would not have it any other way.
I love tea and I love boba! This place is the best because they have a large selection of hot tea, iced tea, milk tea...et al and curiously random japanese dinners, appetizers, and desserts. 

Free Wi-Fi is a plus and it's opened until 1 am or 2 am. I come here when I am feeling very adventurous and asian - there's nothing like drinking a sweet fruity tea concoction while chewing at the same time.
This place is ok, prolly the best i think in Vegas, i was reading other reviews and yea Cali does have better and cheaper places for the same amount or price.  

This place is usually hella busy, and Ichiza is right upstairs so going on the weekends or during hours where people just got off work is not the best time to go.  Tonight was busy, its not the weekend and it was around 10, but i take into consideration that there is no school for most students.  Service is lacking because its too much for two people to handle, and theres big groups, and no one ever leaves cause they are busy talking or playing cards.  Hey, if theres no parking, you can park in handicap cause no one ever checks.  And sorry to anyone physically disabled if i stole their parking space.
I love this place. 
My girls and I are always here.  Taro balls, snow white snow ice and tea-flavored spiced pork chop are my favorites.
Tea Planet - OMG! The only real Tea place in Las Vegas!!!! I frequent here often. Even the food is pretty good here. I like the pork knuckle here. My bf likes the tea flavored chicken and this place is known for their pork chop. I also like to get taiwan ice here. The tea is good; they use TEN RENS. Not all the dishes come with minced pork so you may want to ask for it if that's what you are used to. If you don't see what you like on the menu, ask them. They can make it for you!
Whenever I crave authentic taiwanese/HK food, I come to tea station. We had some friends who were visiting from HK for awhile and we came here 5 days in a row. My favorite dish is the tea minced pork, and my favorite drink is the mango yogurt. My bf gets this drink with red bean and a scoop with ice cream on top which is delicious but with a million calories. All the appetizers are fried though. It's a good place to chill, play cards, get a drink and hang out. Totally HK.
Absolutely the worst service I've ever gotten. Unfriendly, unattentive & made us felt like we are the most unwelcomed customer ever! But I do have to say their food & drinks wasn't too bad and I might just order togos instead of dining-in so I can still enjoy my bubble teas while in Vegas.
This review is base on my first visit to this place. It said Tea Planet here but i dont know why there drink and menu said " Tea Station " , weired !

I was craving for some milk tea while i was in Vegas so I decided to try to find a milk tea place over China Town. This is the first place that draw my attention while i was looking for the bubble place.

I order a green milk tea which is good , I like how they mix the tea and the milk ratio. The tea favourite is strong. Price is a bit on the pricey side compare to bay area. 

This place is clean and server is nice enough. Would come back again if i visit Vegas again. Might be i will try some of there food next time.

To go drinks got 15%off

:)
The tea and snack-like appetizers are amazing. I've been here many times, and never had a complaint on the food.

The service *ussually* isn't all that great. However it generally doesn't take away from the experience.

This is a great place to meet up with a friend, grab some tea, and bullshit about your day.

Try the squid balls!
This is my 1st time while in Vegas that I am off the strip.  While my brother got off of work, we stopped by this center so he can grab a bite to eat.  I saw Tea Station and went in to grab a milk tea. Tea Station has an extensive menu with a lot of snacks, rice bowls, hot teas and milk/boba teas.

The milk tea was great, lots of tea flavor with just the right amount of milk and sugar.  However dont expect too much service as with many of these Asian joints, but heck I sure dont mind when the milk tea is that good.
I'll preface this review by saying that I spent a month in Asia recently and was absolutely spoiled by authentic Taiwanese and Chinese food. I also live close enough to LA to drive up whenever I crave good old Asian food. So those who gave this place 4 stars, don't hold my rating against me just because I am spoiled. 

4 stars for the tea, 2 stars for the food, our total bill was $60 for 4, so one star for price (given the quality of the food). I would definitely pay more for better quality. 

We ordered: 
1. Tea flavored pork chop -- greasy, fatty, and didn't taste fresh. The rice was not cooked well either, I can make perfectly fluffy white rice with my eyes closed (w/ a rice cooker of course), so I have low tolerance for bad rice. Also, the sour cabbage that typically comes with pork chop rice would have been a nice touch....the veggies that came didn't taste good. 

2. Slow-cooked Pork -- not good. Again, fatty and greasy. 

3. Lavender Milk Tea with Boboa: VERY GOOD! 

4. Rose Milk tea with Boboa: not too shabby 

5. iced Green Tea: good 

Again, using Las Vegas standards, this establishment probably warrants higher rating given the lack of boboa places. I just wish the empty calories I consumed was for better tasting food. Maybe they will work on it and it will be better! I sure hope so!
I was happy to see a tea station in Vegas, for my tea craving, I ordered a plum green tea with aloe.  They used real plums, and the tea tasted great.  They also serve authentic Taiwanese food plates and snacks here .  This is probably the best place to get boba pearl (bubble) tea in town.  Minus 1 star for the price and service.
There is no reason to doubt Tea Station's plethora of delights. This place reminds me of Starbucks but with  boba or steaming bowls of ramen. This Las Vegas location lacks in comparison to the Alhambra spot, but if you see a Tea Station, don't hesitate to order a mountain of shaved ice and call it a day.
This tea station pales in comparison to the one in San Gabriel Valley. I don't know why, but it's lacking totally on the flavor of the taro snow ice with boba. Still a great drink, but not the mind blowing milkshake I had at my first Tea Station experience in LA. The environment is a lacking too, but when I'm just here to pick up a drink and bounce, I am not too concerned about that.
I love teas.

I love sweet teas.

Therefore, I like Tea Station.

I've tried the Tea Station in Newark several times, and happened to stumble upon the Vegas location on our departure home. Of course, we had to stop in for a drink.

This location was not as packed, but that was because it was around 2pm on Monday. 

We ordered our green tea with aloe and were on the road! It was yummy, of course. The aloe is very fresh and crunchy as opposed to the canned green tea with aloe bits that are mushier.
Ahh Tea Station. The first time I went was almost 10 years ago! This is one of the hot spots for boba in Las Vegas. On the weekends they're open until 1am. The only food I've tried is the pork chops, which is a good portion of food for about $7. The drinks are always good. I usually order the snow white or taro smoothies. I think that most of the fruit smoothies are syrup? The tapioca is the best in Vegas. The staff is friendly, nothing out of the ordinary. The only thing that would get me is when I wouldn't have cash. If you have to use your debit/credit card, there's a minimum of $20, so be sure to order enough!
The atmosphere of the place is kind of neat, there are cards on the table and they're open pretty late, so it's a nice meet up place for those who work swing shift. However, in my opinion, the tea is lacking. I like milk tea, sweet and delicious a la Volcano Tea (which is conveniently within walking distance to this place) and Tea Station just didn't deliver. Their milk tea had an overbrewed tea flavor, that nearly choked me. I think my tea had been sitting stale just brewing and brewing for hours. and don't get me wrong, I LIKE strong tea! I also ordered tea eggs when I came in, which were absolutely vile and were untouched after the first bite. I cannot comment, however, on whether it was their version that was gross or whether I just hate all tea eggs. I remember my sister ordering a teriyaki chicken bowl or something similar, and it was also mediocre. Service is bad, you have to chase someone down to get any service, which made me feel like I was more of a burden than a customer. I won't be back, I'll just keep visiting my beloved Volcano Tea.
So I decided to try Tea Station today since I was at Cafe Noodle to get some take out.  I had read some of the reviews here at yelp and figured it should to pretty good.  I was disappointed with the place.  First thing was that they don't use fresh fruit in their drinks.  I ordered a honeydew melon snow ice with boba for my hubby and a rose milk tea with boba for me.  Both were mediums.  The boba were good, but I felt for almost 5 dollars for a medium they could use real fruit instead of powder.  Second the service was not very good.  Well, actually the service was good for me but I think not that good for a couple of Caucasian ladies that walked in after me.  The waitress got very impatient with them because they wanted to know if they used real fruit or not and so just kept talking about how annoying they were in Chinese.  I felt that their question was a legitimate question and she should not have started talking about them even if they didn't understand.  
I will definitely be sticking to Ay Chung or the place in the China Town mall because they both use real fruit for their drinks.
I LOVE the drink flavor options here! Some places are better, but don't offer some of the oddities that I like.

List is extensive and I get to have fun with my flavor moods but Taro (blended), Honeydew (blended), Rose (hot or cold), Lychee (blended) Lavender milk (hot or blended) are some of my favorite drinks/flavors.

Snackies are alright- fried chicken, fried squid balls are pretty standard, good to snack on. I would skip out on the meals as there's so many options close by tastier and bigger portions for the price. I would rather go upstairs to Ichiza or an restaurant nearby and then go end the night with a yummy drink from here.

3.5 stars because they have a $10 card minimum, and sometimes their Asian pop music is a tad too loud. Still it's an alright place to get a cool drink.
I tried my first boba tea here on my first date with the boyfriend. I was a little apprehensive at trying a tea with dark little balls in it, but I'm glad my boyfriend got me the lemon green tea with boba. This place was nice and the teas were large and delicious. Perfect for a hot summer night in vegas.

I hunted for the right boba place in Los Angeles for over a year, not realizing there is a Tea Station 5 minutes away from home. Glad I live in an Asian neighborhood haha. Anyway, great place!
I agree with the other Yelpers, something about this Tea Station doesn't compare to the ones in So California.  I'm not sure if it's the service, the environment or what, but it just doesn't compare.  One thing I did notice is that it's always MORE expensive than the one in Irvine, CA.  I was charged more than the price on the menu and the guy told that he hasn't updated with the new prices.  It irked me a little...I guess it irked me enough to where I have to vent via Yelp about it. 
It's still good tea. Darn them!  I just like Iced green tea half sweetened...sometimes with boba or without.  No frills or anything.  It's true though, as much as 2 star bugs me to go, it's the only Vegas spot with green tea that like.
So many drinks to choose from...I can never decide. They have green tea, black, milk tea, mister T..... The boba is a little hard. The huge drink selection makes up for the poor mediocre quality of the boba. I forget what kind of tea I got with lychee jelly, but it was good. If your drink is too sweet, try ordering it with 1/2 sugar next time.

The food is good too, but the portions are small. I think most of the food is cooked with tea. 

They have free wifi. They used to have playing cards but I think the cards got so beat up that they threw them out. It could also be that they don't want people to stay a long time just playing cards. I always have a deck in my car so it's all good. There are some tables outside so you can chill outside and watch the cars go by.
Me memememe highly recommend:

Drinks:
1. Passion fruit egg honey juicy
2. Rose black green tea
3. Honey lemon
4. Coconut grass jelly ice
5. Hot grass jelly ( under Hot Healthy Drinks )
6. Lavender beauty tea
7. Mixed fruit tea ( if you are dining-in )
8. Lavender milk tea
---------------------------------- make sure ADDED:
1. Aloe 
2. Egg pudding
3. 3 Q jello
4. tapioca-boba

I mean not added all of these 4 into one drink, it's all depends on which kind of drink u gonna have. 

Try to get Egg pudding alone with drink or Aloe + Jello with one drink :)


Food:
1. Sweet butter toast
2. Tea flavored spiced pork chop
3. Tea flavored curry chicken
4. Fried sweet potato ( Hot n Juice provides a great dish too )
5. Tea flavored fried spicy chicken ( or tell them no spicy at all )
6. Tea boiled eggs
7. Tea flavored fried tofu
8. Cream corn croquette


and prepare cash
and take out has discount
and ask for the BUY 10 GET 1 free promotion card
and don't mention I tell you about the free drink ............ ENJOY! :)
In Cali, Boba places are like Asian Starbucks, one in every corner. The boba places in Vegas has nothing on the places back home in Cali in price, quality, and service, so you just have to drop your standards.

Tea Station only really sacrifices in service and price. Its an Asian establishment, so I'm not expecting much in service to begin with. The waitress may forget your boba straws, not be attentive, or seem like they don't want to talk to you.

This is probably the most expensive boba place in town, with some drinks starting at $5 for medium! The appetizer can easily go up to $6 or $7, so not a cheap after lunch or dinner meal. 

However, the teas is what really set this place apart. There is a more apparent tea taste than the other boba places in town and the ingredients just taste better.  I've only ordered the coconut jelly, it comes with an scoop of ice cream on top. Ordering it will make everyone around the table envious of you. The menu # is C66. The others around the table order stuff from lychee to taro to mango. All meeting their approval in the taste department.

Tea House probably has the best boba place in town if we're only talking about taste. Service and price could be much better, but if this isn't a big concern for you, this is the place to get your boba fixing in Vegas.
We will no longer go to tea station until they decide to properly handle their German cockroach issue. A few months ago my husband who is a licensed exterminator found they had roaches...GROSS. His company has given the onwers several quotes but the onwers are too cheap to handle this serious problem. I feel like calling the health dept!
With No 1 Boba Tea just a few yards away , I won't be returning to Tea Station:

*No fresh fruit drinks. Just artifical "snowball" drinks. EW.
*Rude staff
*My mango green tea wasn't very tasty. 
*The bobas were ok, but I like the hot,fresh ones at No 1. Those hot bobas in a cold drink are so incredible.
*$.50 fee applies to use your credit card?! 
*Insanely expensive. My coworker got a plain milk tea, I got mango , both with boba, our bill was over $13?!?!? 

Yup, it's more Americanized. Yup, it's "classier" inside, but sorry in the end I'd rather tastier drinks that cost far less. When you're so close to No 1 why ever come here?
got some peach green tea with boba! tea was a little on the bitter side, but guess that means they didnt put much peach syrup as other places (less calories...yay!). cost us 9 something for 4 drinks (one reg size and one large)!!! yeah i am appalled!!!
ive had some rice dishes here b4. nothing impressive, but a great place to come and hang out. saw lots of people studying and congregating outdoors.
I HAVE to go there when I happen to be in Chinatown and I would definitely suggest the "rose" or "lavender" milk tea with boba...Just the right amount of sugar and totally addictive!

My favorite boba place in Vegas so far!
I liked the Tea Station near where I used to live in Fremont, CA.  And was glad to find another one out here in Las Vegas.  Their menu is pretty much the same as the one I remembered from California.

The drinks are good (but again made from powders like most other boba tea places), and the bobas are cooked well.  It is a pretty relaxed and chill place to hang out, get some snacks, play some cards or surf the web while you kill some time.

Service is usually good, but can sometimes be rather poor if you end up with a rude server that is most likely a mainland China transplant.

What I like about this place:
the snacks I have tried have mostly been good (Sweet butter toast, tea boiled eggs, Tea flavored fried spicy chicken-can also be prepared non-spicy).

Dislikes:
2 waitresses that can be rather rude.
Cost less to order the drinks to go, but these orders do not count towards their Buy 10 Get 1 Free promo card.

And prepared to pay in cash, or they will charge a small fee for paying with credit cards.
Can you say overpriced? I avoid this place at all costs because in all my experiences, I have never felt welcome. The customer service has always been very bad and the staff has always pressured me (and my friends) to order something right away. I do not recommend this place to anyone. Although they serve good boba, it's not worth it. You can find better cafes in Vegas.
You think they only serve boba drinks and tea here? Wrong! They have a pretty big menu including snacks like fried taro balls- delicious!!! (We love taro! If you're a fan, you should try it.), spring rolls, and soup. I like the mango hot tea, just enough sweetness. I'm a big fan of fruit teas as well as green tea. Large selection of drinks here- hot and cold. Perfect place for dessert.

But if you're trying to have a conversation on a weekend night, it can be a little hard to do that since this is a social kind of place where games are played, like cards (iem noisy) and there is a lot of smoking (not a smoker so this bothers me and sometimes my allergies don't like it either).  Service is good but it's not like they're smiling and happy about being there. At times it can be hard to get a seat on the weekends. If parking is a problem, just park in the back.
My favorite place to get boba in Vegas. They stay open fairly late, we have ridden our bikes here a few times. I like boba tea, but I prefer the yogurt drinks. They have a few different flavored yogurt drinks with the boba in it.  I get the apple cinnamon ice yogurt or something like that. It always fills me up.
I was expecting more... better... I'm not sure why, but I was. We got a large coffee milk tea with boba and a large peppermint green tea with boba. Hubby liked his coffee milk tea but my peppermint green tea tasted like I had swallowed some spearmint gum. I thought it was supposed to be peppermint? In any case, almost $12 for the two seemed a little pricey. And what's with the attitudes? I felt like I was an inconvenience for asking to place an order. I think I'll go elsewhere for my Boba tea next time.
Yeah this place is A-OK, but prices are pretty steep then their competitors around town. I do like their warm Coconut Tea with Boba,
but I'd rather spend my money at #1 Boba or Boba City Cafe, where real fruit is used....ALOHA!!!
Bad service, lots of drinks, and buttered toast. This would be a one star review if the butter toast and drink menu weren't available. 

They also charge extra for using a credit card. I EFFING HATE THAT!! You all know that if you bring up how it's against their merchant account rules they almost always let it go right? Good ;)
We had the hot tea with sticky rice balls and green beans.  The soup was really refreshing and the rice balls were pretty sticky and good.  I haven't tried the entrees here.  This place is pretty clean and the service is decent.
Pretty much standard with the other tea stations. The tea recipe is good and the tea is more authentic than a lot of the other boba places in the area. If you're looking for authentic tea, come here.
I'm not a big fan of this place cause the price is too much for a basic milk tea (almost 4$)!!!! The milk tea is too sweet too.

The setting is nice though, as there are quite a bit of tables for everyone. Nice decorations with their wide assortment of tea on the shelves for display.

I'll take Quickly over this anytime.
you people are insane... this place is the MOST AMAZING boba place in las vegas. Number one boba, volcanoe tea, DONT STAND A CHANCE. The waitress there are helpful and very friendly, the place looks clean and really cool. the people there also got rid of the 50 cents extra charge for credit card use. lets just say TEA STATION BOBA IS AWESOME!!!!
I give this place such high reviews because I've been coming here since I was in high school. This is, seriously, Las Vegas' only boba joint to just chill and hangout in a cool and big environment ~ the closest thing to California or any other big city you'll get.

The service sucks. The food is expensive - albeit - pretty good for the most part. And boba sizes are also overpriced, but you're paying for the experience of hanging out. Flavor of things isn't bad though so that won't disappoint you.

This place is one of those long-standing Vegas institutions that usually only locals would go. If you're a visitor, it just might be worth checking out if you want that full local experience. 

* BTW * they don't accept credit cards unless it's over $20. The closest ATM is Wells Fargo across the street and Bank of America also across the street.
In all honesty, this place isn't that amazing... 

It is over priced and over iced. But I can't stop coming back! 

This is a good place to catch up with friends and plan where to go to next. Thai iced tea with boba or iced lychee green tea with boba are my staples. They are yummy, but nothing incredible. 

I recommend getting your tea "to-go" because then you wont have to sit around waiting for someone to take your orders, or to get the bill.. nor will you have to tip;]. Now if you're ordering food, that's another story, and another review (not from me). 

Perhaps I am drawn to this place because sitting outside on a nice night, people watching, sipping on tea, & planning the night feels pretty good... I guess it's worth the few extra bucks.
A treasure on Spring Mt. Thought the teas are a bit pricey, it is STILL just a couple more dollars. I am a big fan of tea. Definitely recommend rose tea with milk. If you get it with boba, suck with caution. Those things are dangerous.
Ok, so I haven't had a lot of experience with different tea houses.  I haven't had the need to try anything else!  I've had several of the teas, including the mixed fruit drink both as a tea and blended, the barley boba tea, and the almond boba tea.  I'd have to say that the mixed fruit one is my favorite!  It has lot of pieces of strawberries and apples, and its nice and sweet in a fruity sort of way.  The smoothie version, which I think is better, reminds me of Tropical Smoothie or Jamba Juice, but better!  

The service is always awesome here.  The girls are friendly and always willing to help you make a decision (the menu is huge!).  I haven't had the food, but there are quite a few dishes here that at least look yummy, particularly the soups.

Even if you don't like traditional teas (like me), or have had bad experiences with boba tea elsewhere, try this place out.  You won't be disappointed with the mixed fruit tea, trust me!
Every time I spend time in Las Vegas, I feel like the luckiest girl in the world.  Not only do I get to explore really cool hotels, Yelp event venues, and foot massages, but Misti and Bobby Y have introduced me to some really unique restaurants too.

During my last visit, I was introduced to Tea Station, and I felt like a little girl in a candy store as I took in all of the tea and snack options on the menu.  Iced Teas, Milk Teas, Iced Coffees, Jelly Ice, Snow Ice, Shaved Ice, Hot Teas, Traditional Teas, Tea flavored Noodles, Snacks, and Meals... I hadn't heard of half of these things before... you see, we have extremely limited boba options in Phoenix, let alone all of those other fun things!

I ended up ordering a green tea with milk and boba and it really hit the spot... so I'll end this review with a request to Tea Station: can you please open your next location in Phoenix?
Had the almond milk tea and it was just okay.  It was watered down and lacked flavor.  

The service here is definitely not the best, but it stays pretty busy.  I suppose you have to know the right thing to order.

I prefer Volcano because the the service is outstanding and the boba teas blow this place out of the water .
I have been here awhile back with my cousins and I could of sworn it was Tea Planet. But it's stll the same and still great. I really enjoy the honeydew snow ice w/ boba. The taro snow ice w/ boba is good too. I never ate here but i heard it was good as well. Great for desert, after a meal.
When I first moved to Las Vegas, my newfound friends took me here for some boba. I never knew such a drink or dessert existed until I was introduced by them and I'm grateful they did because I'm able to share my favorites with yelp* and anyone who's ever been will agree with me 100%!

Boba is "slimy, yet satisfying" -- (c) Timon, Disney's Lion King.

First off, I'll warn you that parking is the biggest problem. When a place gets real popular, parking is always a battle! Parking tip: Right next to Tea Station, behind the east side wall, is Harbor Palace (stay tunes for a review!), is some parking and you can walk right on over to Tea Station no problem! Once you've won the battle of parking, you'll walk in and often times, especially after 8pm, the tables are taken and crowded-- exactly what happens when I wear skinny jeans: TIGHT! They offer a discount of 30% off when you take your drinks to go (good business move and idea!) so take advantage of it if you don't have a party to entertain. Take your drinks and take a stroll on the strip that isn't too far away from Tea Station. If you decide to ignore the 30% discount and stay, grab a deck of cards to entertain yourself while the Asian "baristas" throw your drink together.

I came here a few times and a few bad experiences with the service. The waiter tends to get your order wrong if you don't explain clearly what you want or point to the menu.  Should I fail this place in my book if I've grown numb to the bad service I get here sometimes? I'm not the only who's said the same thing, but then again the drinks are the best boba drinks I've tasted here in Las Vegas. Sigh... What a love/hate relationship! What am I talking about again?! Oh yes, Tea Station! Here's a list of my favorite drinks and dishes served! Stick with this list (that will keep growing) and you can't go wrong! Try:

*fried taro balls
*hot taro milk tea
*hot honey black tea
*honeydew ice with rainbow jelly
*pork chops and rice!

Note: Taro is like the potato of the tropics. It has a starchy consistency with a different distinct flavor. Trust me! You'll like it.

Enjoy!
I got honeydew snow boba.
It was the best I ever had.
I didn't know the tapioca could be so soft and chewy.
The drink didn't flake and clog up like icee either.

Then again, I'm from Arizona where they have NO good boba.

They treated the customers well and acted like they appreciated their business.
The entire plaza alone is a whole different kind of culture just sitting on the streets of Vegas. So I guess it sorta is a little 'get-away' or 'vacation' from your typical ol' starbucks coffee house. What makes it better than a coffee house, is the fact that they serve full on entre`s of actual food too. Usually when I do go, I'm just there for the hot taro tea w/ boba on the side. I haven't come across any other place that serves HOT taro tea.

Of course like everything else in an asian-crackin' place, it's SUUUPER packed like UPS. Usually mostly during the evenings tho. But don't let that stop you from trying it.. I mean just being in a crowed room, with people who love what you love is all part of the experience.
milk tea, fruit tea.. all good. we ordered snacks like peppered chicken and toast that were really good as well. Wanted to get their shaved ice with tapioca strips, but they were out unfortunately. This is my hang out spot almost every night while I was in Vegas!
This is to place I go to for jasmine green milk tea with boba.  The boba is soft and chewy, like how it should be.  There are so many boba places out there where the boba is hard because it has been sitting out too long.  When that happens, it kills the drink for me.  Now talk about the jasmine green tea, it is brewed here.  Many other places have the powder kind, which again, I dislike.  

I had taiwanese food here before but only remembered that they all taste a little different, not as flavorful.  I tried the chicken nuggets, and other stuff.  Have not ordered any food here since.

Service...They could do soooo much better.  Sometimes, it feels like they don't want our business or something.

Until I find another boba joint that brew their own tea, I am sticking to this one.
I live in Cali, and I always go to tea station in Cerritos, so I decided to try the one in LV. Bad bad service, one of the guys name is see or ce I don't know. But one of the reason they said they werent welcoming to my cousins and I is cause they were so busy, that shouldn't be an excuse. Aside from that there tea is really really good. Too bad I didn't get one at the one in LV. FYI they only accept credit card if you spend over 10.
my first time here at this tea station in Las  Vegas. upon entering no one greeted us or even smiled. no welcome at all, compared to the one back home in Cerritos. CA. when we took a seat. some Asian girl with a pony tail asked us " if we we gonna eat here or to go?", so I said " here". so then she was like " oh were about to close in 10 min", and it was barely 130am!!! knowing that they close at 2! ugh never again!! so glad I don't live here. very unfriendly staff the night me and my family came in Sunday 11.28.10 around 130am!!!! so who ever was working that night, shame on you!!!! also my sister asked some girl with shirt hair why they didnt greet us, the staff told her " because were busy!"!!! absolutely no excuse!!!!!!!
Wouldnt be a bad idea to fire all the waitresses and hire all new ones. Ones who dont treat their customers like they're the ones that ripped the heads off all their dolls and spit into the stuffing when they were little.

Just wanna copy and paste a buddy's review of this place from 5 months back. 
---
Elnino F.
2 star rating
6/10/2010

i take it back!!! a business cannot prosper if their employees are snippy, impertinent, and unpolished!!
---
Yo El! it's 5 months later! guess what dawg. the employees are STILL SNIPPY, IMPERTINENT AND UNPOLISHED!!

Yes Tea Station is a respectable chain in California
Yes this location is a franchise
Yes the teas and food are quite nice

No that doesnt mean they can treat paying customers like scum when all we're asking for is just a little extra attention.

I guess i should put some details in. Okay here we go.

It seems every time we ask for the bill they take their sweet time bringing it to us but never want to retrieve it. On two separate occasions i thought about just walking out on the bill and waiting outside to see how long it'll take for them to notice.

On one occasion i got fed up with waiting for them to collect the money that i walked up to the register to do it myself. The cashier didnt even look at me, no eye contact, no face contact, no general direction just grabbed the bill from my hand like it was money i owed her, thrust-ed the receipt in my general direction and turned away to avoid more human contact. Not even a thank you.

Another occasion the waitress acted like she was a servant that just got called away from her one moment of rest when we asked for more napkins and by her body language and slouch of her shoulders she REALLY didnt want to bother with those napkins but was forced to.
i love this place!!! their drink is awsome!!!
when i camein, they always know what i want
about the service, they are pretty nice to me:)
sometime they got busy, i will excusedf
why people complain a lot? 
if u don't like this place just don't go there then.
The girl that took our order is nice and patient. I ordered my fave, jasmine green milk tea, medium size, and it was strong.  Definitely real brewed tea.  

I upped a star this visit, and do wish that they keep their service at this level consistently.

It was crowded, like usual.  The only thing is that you must spend over 10 bucks before they let you use your credit card, so we have to order another drink that we didn't want since we don't carry cash.  Boo.

I will remember to bring cash fo sho next time.
VERY QUICK TIP!  If you're willing to experience the worst service ever, don't ever go here.  Don't get me wrong their boba is delicious, and if it wasn't I wouldn't come back.  But the thing that kills this place is the service.  For one, you have to be Chinese and speak the language in order to get some respect around there.  

I know the place gets pretty packed sometimes, but they do rush their customers out once they're finish with their boba so others can be seated.  It's something I don't find right, but I get the whole wanting to make business aspect of it.  

Today was a usual day of you know, coming in and being ignored until I actually spoke to them to get my order in.  Even when they did so, I always seem to get attitude. For what? I have no idea exactly, perhaps I don't speak their language.  I always seem to get jipped on my Milk Teas, and sometimes I never receive my Taro boba fresh.  I don't understand how people can run a business, with workers that are rude.  

This place is lucky to have good boba, otherwise....I would've bounced and gave this a no STAR rating if I could.
Tea station is a very Asian chill spot off the strip. They serve Chinese appetizers, noodles, and ice bean desserts. My favorite thing here is the hot brown sugar milk tea. It is amazing! Once you have this, nothing will be as good. It's a perfect spot to catch up with friends.

www.anitaeat.com
This place has completely horrible service. They come to your table about a minute after you sit down, and if you aren't ready to order - they won't come back for another 10 minutes, unless you can somehow flag one of them down [ but they usually pretend not to see you].

Their drinks are mediocre at best. And they don't seem to cook their boba on a consistent basis. They also have a minimum purchase amount for each person at the table. And you get charged a two dollar fee if you don't meet it.

The only reason I really go here, is because it's one of the only places in town where you can get boba after 9. Other than that, I wouldn't waste my time.
What a great late night date with a friend or even just meeting someone! With the bowls of tea that will last into those late hours. Rose milk with boba hot helps bring a little bit of spring to cold Las Vegas. Brown sugar milk tea is like a big cinnamon roll!! Can't go wrong with this gem :)
Ok, I love places like this. I can never say no to tea or boba and together, they're a powerhouse team. 

I just can't get over how expensive this place is. Not saying it's not worth it, because their creations are good. I just have a hard time paying $7-8 for a drink (off the strip) when I could buy one for half the price at most other places...that are just as good, if not better.

I have been to many of the places in this chain of stores. I'm actually originally from around the area that this company was started and headquartered, so I'm quite familiar with this place. 

The atmostphere in Tea Station is nice. Cool, hip, relaxed. I actually enjoy quite a few of their tea soaked foods as well. They aren't extraordinary, but they offer a solid product in their own right.

Aside from the price, this place is a great place to sit and hang with friends. Just be prepared, you will most likely have to beg the servers for their attention or else, just order at the counter. Service can be pretty slow.
So I you have "boba" drama and it's a late night, Tea Station is the place.  Although they are kind of expensive and chippy when it come to using credit cards (if it's under $15 they charge you extra), I'm still a fan.  They have some great stuff on the menu so it not just tea that they do here.  Try the pork chop and teriyaki chicken if your hungry.  My favorite tea is the hot mango black tea, it's delicious ;) It's a great place to hang out late night and while I haven't been there earlier than 9pm I'm guessing it's still the same and would be good then too.
I have made it a habit of stopping here for boba milk tea on my way home from a delicious meal at hot and juicy crawfish.

This place can get pretty crowded, but the to-go line is reasonably quick. I've never eaten in, so I can only comment on the boba. I am never disappointed with the texture or the taste of the boba. The consistency and yummy taste keep me coming back for more.
I have to admit.. they are the best boba place in Vegas. However, they probably have the worst customer service - but then again, what else can you expect from a restaurant in Chinatown.

love their milk green tea & mixed fruit tea and pork stew rice for dine in :)
Good boba. Don't really treat the white folk too friendly sometimes, but I would go there. Minus the awful health code rating and demerits.
I really enjoy this place. The floral smell of tea just makes me happy! I am not a fan of boba so its nice to exclude it from your drinks. Just try not to sit by the door because if the door sensors are on you will most likely trigger the annoying welcoming or departing sound. Otherwise the food's yummy and the teas are swell.
The drink is good but the food is bad. Comparing with LA store. Vegas store is not good at all.
A fine place to get your tea and boba cravings satiated, but there are too many faults in this place and location to barely give a recommendation.
Located in Chinatown, the place is apparently a hot spot for the college Asian crowd on my visits on Saturday nights. Parking is atrocious. Tea Station is located in a two-story plaza with several businesses with limited parking. On a crowded Saturday night, expect to circle the perimeter to find that elusive parking spot. Service is so-so and a bit rushed. As for payment, it's annoying how there's a minimum to use your card. Ugh. 

Drinks are good and food is average. It really depends how familiar you are with tea and other items. I love taro and their hot taro milk tea (without the boba) is simply, going back to 90's slang, the bomb. I like their ginger and jasmin tea. It's a bit strong, though. Prices are a bit high for some damn tea. I always buy the smallest portion available. Food isn't good enough to be recommended, so stick to drinks. 

Lastly, I have an issue with their bench seating against the wall. Maybe it's me and my bony ass, but it's extremely uncomfortable and hard. They put cushions to mitigate the problem, but it's doesn't work. Bruised behinds aside, it's an alright to place to have a convo with your bff or loved one. Otherwise, I would rather stick to a coffeehouse.
As the name suggests, it's a great place for all kinds of tea.  The milk tea here is as close as it gets to the ones in Taiwan.  Although the bubba tends to be slightly overcooked.  I am not a fan of the food here......it's really just a drink and dessert place!
Tea Station is a bit overrated in my opinion. The drinks are great, but very expensive. $4.50 for a small and $6 for a large. 

The food is a bit expensive, but the portions are large. Unfortunately, my Pork Chop was dry and hard to chew. 

Overall, their specialty is not food. Go here for drinks and a merry time, not to eat.

Oh yes, the stupid electronic door greeting system constantly goes off even when somebody does not open the door. They seriously need to get rid of it.
TEA:
If you want to get the best tea in Las Vegas, this is the place. I tried various teas and they were all good, but the tapioca milk tea is by far the best. If you order teas for to-go, you will get 15% off the price. One tapioca milk or milk green tea will be free when you've purchased 10 to-go drinks in total.

FOOD:
I don't care for their food. I've had lunch at this place a couple of times with different friends, but none of us liked any of the food.

SERVICE:
Not so impressive. If you want to chit-chat with your friends for a couple of hours, this place is good because they don't bother you at all. But if you need a regular attentive customer service, you almost always have to ask for service. Without knowing that, one time we had to wait for 15 minutes for a waitress to bring a check.

OVERALL:
This is the best place for to-go teas.
I love going here for the flavored shaved ice.  My favorite is the mango, but it's seasonal.  My standby, green bean shaved ice, is good as well.   This time my husband got it with lychee jelly (without consulting me, btw) and it was really good! 

Coming from Socal, I thought Tea Station locations were more common.  There were two locations in San Diego.  But actually, there are not a lot of these around and I feel lucky to have one in Vegas.

$10 minimum for credit cards.  I bought some hot tea so we could meet that requirement.  Great place to just hang out.
Tea Station... since when did they change the name lol. I use to come here when the place was called Tea Planet back in the day. Great place for some delicious milk tea or some boba drinks. Super bombsies, my favorites the honey dew slush with boba, try it. It's also a pretty cool spot to hang out with friends late night and just chill and have conversation over some drinks and cards. Oh and they have pretty good food too try the M10.
Stopped by for some boba after dining at Ichiza.  
Though it's a bit confusing the first time coming in since everyone was busy behind the counter on the left and it looked like a restaurant.  Stood there a bit bewildered...walked out...looked at yelp again...yeah they serve boba, this has gotta be the place...walked back in and got our drinks and happy again.
I came here for the first time a couple of weeks ago with a small group of friends. I shared a pot of the hot taro milk tea with pearls with my cousin and it was pretty good. The place seems to be hit or miss though as the other people in our group didn't really like what they got. The passion fruit tea/juice was too sweet and the black barley tea didn't taste good. I'm sure there are better pearl tea places out there.
The food was great. Although customer service is a bit fuzzy but over all I like this place. They kept me coming back =D
My friends and I usually hit Tea Station as a late night hangout spot when we don't feel like drinking alcohol. The service is kind of hit-or-miss with how friendly and attentive your server is. Sometimes they're quick to take your order and bring you your item, other times you have to call the server over before you can place your order, especially if they're busy. The place is usually pretty steady in its number of patrons per night; on a weeknight, the place is 70-80% full, and on weekends, sometimes groups have to hang out for a bit outside before being able to find a place to sit.

Some of the most popular items are the shaved ice, the snow ice (taro, or purple yam, is my favorite), and the regular boba milk tea. They're pretty quick to get them out to you too, especially if they have more than one person making the drinks.

Their food isn't bad; we usually stick to the appetizer items so that the group can each try some of everything. I've had their eel on rice before, as well as their marinated chicken, but they're nothing too spectacular. I would suggest eating somewhere else and then coming to Tea Station to hang out afterwards, rather than eating here.

One last thing: Bring cash; it's easier. There's a minimum $10 charge for cards, so save yourself the issues.
Pretty good tea, including hot tea to cold boba drinks. They mix them very well and they have a good taste. 

However they are kinda pricey but I guess you pay partly for the environment and for the awesome mixed drinks.

Ok so about the atmosphere, this place is hella chill, so relaxed its pretty awesome. They truly do not care, as long as you buy something.
One time it was a group of 5, two people bought just regular drinks, and we sat there and messed around for about a good hour and a half, and not a word or glance of impatience by the people working there.

It is a very chill environment and a good place to just kick it..

now here is the best part, they are open to 2am everyday, 365 days a year. including any major holidays. That is such an awesome trait for a restaurant to have. And on top of that they do not alter their prices just because it is a holiday, and I guess that keeps the people coming.


Ok enough about that, they also serve food as well, little snacks to go with the boba drinks, but they also serve actual food. It is not the greatest but for a late night dinner or snack it does the job. 

OH and if you go there for good let me recommend the chicken curry. -delish-
Service has VASTLY improved since my last review about four months ago.

Four months ago my general attitude of this place was pretty much 'burn it down and build a new one' now it's 'hmm...didnt i use to hate this place? oh well...'

So yeah staff is MUCH more attentive to customers despite being full or being empty. 

They no longer have decks of playing cards available for loan nor a lot of places to plug in electronics for juice but the free wifi isnt too bad.

Been coming here enough to establish a few favorites:

Mixed Fruit Tea (hot/cold)
When it's served hot it could be a little on the sweet side, and the 'omg my mouth is burning but i dont want to spit because it kinda tastes good but holy crap this is causing me lots of pain' type of hot. A nice little perk is if you finish the tea you can open the little pot up and have at the pieces of fruit used to flavor your tea
Served cold with boba and you got yourself a treat. 

Ginger Logan Tea (hot)
Got it when i was feeling sick during the winter months. Very mellow soothing tea that tastes a bit like honeydew melon. Again you can open up the pot at eat the re-hydrated logans inside.

Instant Beef flavored Noodle with Egg and Ham
It's instant noodle with a fried egg and a slice of thin processed ham. It's 5.50. Who in the right mind would pay 5.50 for instant noodles with cheap enhancements. Normally i wouldnt but i cant identify what brand of instant noodle and the cheap enhancements just make it taste so damn good...Will keep ordering only to replenish my occasional craving for sodium.

Honorable Mentions:

Spicy Chicken Wings
Yeah 'spicy' is an understatement...Are they really spicy? if you're used to eating Korean food and sucking crawfish and shrimp heads at Hot&Juicy then no these wings are as spicy as a glass of milk. Still they're seasoned nicely and juicy on the inside while lightly crisp on the outside.

Been there, Yelp'ed it, Possibly Never Again:

Fried Wontons
Bland, Not a lot of flavor, nothing special

Teriyaki Chicken
Where to start...Chicken had grill marks but very little grilled flavor, also very little teriyaki flavor. The rice and the teriyaki sauce didnt go well together. The rice was too moist and instead of soak in to the sauce it just blanded the sauce up. Looked good in the picture but i'll grab the instant noodle next time

Tea flavored Japanese Style Ramen
Yeah...didnt taste like tea at all...Broth tasted heavily of pickled bamboo which also floats around in the soup. Priced higher and larger serving compared to the instant noodle with egg and ham but didnt tastes as good.

Spicy Fried Chicken
Another case where 'spicy' is an understatement. The pieces lack consistency. One will be big, meaty, and juicy on the inside, another will be too small and dried out but crunchy, and there's a bunch of others that float in the middle. The breading is a little to heavy and not seasoned enough.
the order.
milk tea

good milk tea and adjusted to taste.

boba was not what i've come to expect from tea station.

enough to satisfy my boba craving!
I enjoy going to this place for tea. their food is decent as well. i usually order the large milk teas. i havnt tried their pearls since i dont like pearls to begin with. for the most part ill just add red beans.

overall its a nice place to go and relax and enjoy a snack

they also have free wifi
Tea Station is a solid spot in Chinatown late at night when you're in the mood for tea/boba drinks, but other boba shops have closed for the night (*cough* Volcano Tea *cough*). This place is also good when you're in the mood for tea and free wi-fi. It's true that their prices are higher than your average tea/boba shop, but spending a few more dollars to get a tasty drink along with free wi-fi is worth it. 

Their menu features an extensive collection of tea and other drinks, along with tea-inspired appetizers and dishes such as tea-infused eel and tea-flavored noodle soup. They also have shaved ice desserts that look perfect for a hot summer day. I want to come back to try one of the Hot Healthy Drinks because they look so darn healthy (not to mention the serving bowl looks cool). 

After reviewing the menu, I opted for the Iced Honey Green Tea on my most recent visit. My first initial sip left me disappointed- the tea was way too sweet- but after drinking more of it, I began to like it more. I've also tried the Iced Hibiscus Spice Tea- a pretty red colored tea that is lemony yet sweet- and the Iced Barley Powder Milk Tea w/ boba (I like the taste of the barley milk tea, but I prefer Volcano Tea's boba). Their hot teas are good as well. On one visit, I tried the Fried Spicy Chicken (located on the Tea Snacks page), which was pretty tasty. I would love to try some of their other menu items on my next visit. 

Service has never been an issue for me- the servers are friendly and the orders come out fast. I'll be back again when I feel like sipping on tea while surfing the Internet in a nice, clean environment.
Boba. West coast boba.

We were craving boba after dim sum, so off we went down the street to tea station. I got a hibiscus something black tea, and man, the boba was good! A simple midwestern girl like me...happy with good tasting boba. Who would have thought. The boba was the right amount of chewyness. I mean, don't get me wrong, tea station isn't like your Joy Yees, but still, definitely good.
TAKE AWAY:  You definitely can't go wrong if you come here for the milk-tea drinks; I haven't found a better place in Vegas.  The food and service here is maybe just a little above average.  My table smelled like dirty washcloths.... Eww.  Tea Station is a franchise, and the other locations in the San Gabriel Valley area are better, overall.  The drinks at this location are pretty good though.  And you usually can't go wrong with the Sweet Butter Toast here - Yum!  Remember to ask for extra sweet butter!  :D  

RECOMMENDATIONS / TIPS:  Stay away from the Chicken Curry - it's definitely subpar (at least the one time I tried it here) - it's overcooked, looks (and tastes) like TV dinner food (or leftovers) - gross.  ALSO, come during lunch instead because their lunch specials include a reduced-priced milk-tea drink of your choice.   

DETAILS - DETAILS - DETAILS:
-----------------------------------------------
Atmosphere:
Even with just one dining area, there's hardly ever a wait.  People come here for some fast and authentic Taiwanese food and the atmosphere reflects that.  It's a no frills place that serves up drinks to-go and meals for those who want a place to sit when it's hot (summer) or freezing cold (winter) outside.  

Service:
Like most Chinese restaurants or eateries, my biggest complaint is when the food arrives.  If you have a party of 5 or more, don't count on eating at the same time, because they serve you the food as it comes out for your table.  And there always seems to be the one lagging entre, appetizer, drink or dish that prevents me from having a completely satisfying meal.  The servers are sometimes "shy" and neglect to say "hello" or "thank you."

Food Quality / Selection:
The food here is just average.  Depending on what you order, you may get "above average!"  LOL  The portions are generous enough for the "Asian" diet, but may not be enough for others, so consider ordering appetizers as well - perhaps the Sweet Butter Toast and Fried Tofu.   If you order their Dumplings, be prepared to have it be the last entre served up because of the time it takes to steam them.   

Pricing/Value/Convenience:
Overall, I would say that this restaurant has a good value for simple, fast, authentic Chinese food in Las Vegas.   I find myself coming back every time I come to Vegas because of the value.  It's well priced and the food is comparable.  And although I think I will venture out to other restaurants in "Chinatown" in Vegas, I would probably return here for at least the milk-tea drinks, still probably the best in town.
I stopped in here after a busy morning for some tea. It really just blew my mind - I got the Tapioca ice milk tea (with the boba!) and a bowl of noodles. Tea-flavored beef noodles, I think they were called? Both were amazing. The broth was very flavorful and rich, and it had soaked into all of the contents (beef, carrots, noodles) making them both very tender and complimenting their natural tastes very well. The boba in my tea was very chewy and had a nice, delicate flavor. It tasted fresh. My server was quick with getting things out and very polite. I'll definitely be stopping by again!
Decided we wanted boba after eating pho and this was the closest place (down the street). We ordered our drinks to-go but they do have sit-down if you wanna order some food. I ordered the Green Milk Tea w/ boba and the hubby ordered Milk Tea with boba. Both were good but kinda pricey for a drink, $6 for large. Service was kinda slow, took awhile for us to get our drinks.
So this was a pretty random trip after friends and I visited the Pawn Stars pawn shop (History Channel show) in Vegas. We felt like having boba tea, so we went to the chinatown area. 

Tea Station is more of a tea house than any tea shop i've been to; they serve all types of leaf/loose teas and sell alot of their own tea leaves to take home. We had:

Shaved ice: good
Boba Milk Tea: REALLY GOOD. Best boba I've had! QQ, as they would say in Taiwanese; perfectly chewy and al dente. Most places make them either too hard, or overcook them/leave them out too long and they get mushy. Tea Station's boba was really QQ and had great flavor; in Taiwan after they cook the boba, they'll mix it with some brown sugar and sometimes honey; they definitely did that here too and it was sooo good!
Mango Black Tea: Pretty good, but a little too sweet. 

I'm actually a little bummed that the boba was so good, knowing that I won't be able to have such good boba until I go back to Vegas or Taiwan. Boba tea in LA didn't even compare. Sigh... And of all places to find great boba...
When in high school this was where all the Asian kids would go to hang out, order boba, and play cards. They have a different prices for dine in and take out. I like the taste of there drinks, but I have two complaints. One, their boba is a hit or miss. When they are fresh, this place is delicious, but it is the opposite when you get the bottom of the container remnants. Sometimes it was so difficult to chew that my friends and I would use them as ammunition in our parking lot wars. Maybe I should not be complaining because we got a drink and entertainment for the night. My second issue is how expensive they are. Compared to all the other tea shops around, they are by far the most expensive. 

I like that they do not use too much syrup to mask their teas, but that can backfire when the tea has been sitting around for too long and become bitter. It has happened on a few occasions, but overall their green and black tea are strong and not watered down. 

The taro slush is my drink of choice and of course one of the more high in calorie drinks. It is rich, creamy and everything bad for you.
I enjoy Boba Tea from time to time and this establishment is open late and has a convenient location on Spring Mountain that's fairly close to my workplace.

The inside is gleaming, very modern-esque with tables and booths on the floor, tea and sets availble.  Tea Station is actually a chain with this being the only one in Vegas.  

Onto the tea! 

So I like the milk teas a lot.  They're not SUPER sweet but they're rich, tasteful and I enjoy it without the actual "boba" in it.  The syrup teas are all very sugary and sweet so if it's your first time, I recommend an almond tea with a few boba so you can try it.   I would try around at different tea houses on Spring Mountain because one or two of them actually made them with fresh ingrediants and not artificial syrups.  

They also have tea flavored snacks and hot treats such as the soups and takoyaki (WOOOO TAKOYAKI!).  Beware, takoyaki is HOT in the center even if the exterior seems cool.  The fried Tofu is also nom nom nom, but remember: this place is meant for snacks and comfort food.  Go get a meal elsewhere but having a quick bite here is more appropriate.

You can take your Boba tea to go for a discounted price as well.

I do not find the night crew to be anywhere near on par with the day crew.  The day staff is pleasant, talkative, and cheerful.  The night crew will rather forcefully shoo you out close to closing time and is very short and sometimes difficult to talk to.  My roommate can't stand the staff to the point that she won't go in past five.
Go there frequently for boba and to play cards once in awhile. Great hangout spot for young people to just chill and have a drink. The boba is made wonderfully. Not too chewy and not too hard. Tea drinks are also legit. Just the right amount of bitterness with a hint of fruit. Shaved ice is alright. Not the best since the ice isn't really that smooth.. kind of chunky and sometimes they overload on the syrup and what not.

They do have some snacks which I guess are okay. The sweet toast is alright and so are the fried taro balls. Everything else is what you would find at other boba places like: french fries, fried chicken etc. They also have meals which are not the best in the world.  Wouldn't not come here for legit chinese food. 


Pros: great boba and tea
Awesome hang out spot + wifi

Cons: No legit chinese food (as in meals) 
Servers can sometimes neglect you at busy times (night)
Ok customer service
Prices are a little high when you get the non traditional stuff, but the milk tea, and its variants are good here. Service is pretty fast, but the no credit card under $10 policy stinks.
I love this place!
oh so many teas to choose from. If TEA is your thing.. then you need to come here.. this is like walking into an "Asian Starbucks". It has that hip feel and people just chillin and chit chatting over boba and other tea and dessert.. I love it!
the fruit blends with boba and the almond milk tea are oh sooo yummy! the toast with sugar is sinfully good the only reason why they get 3 stars is because the service is so so.
I am a big fan of boba tea, and have tasted it wherever I have been able to find it in the world. I have been to two branches of the Tea Station in San Diego, and two others in Irvine (now there is only one there, I think), and the one here in Vegas, of course. All have consistently excellent boba, with the right consistency and flavor, which is not so easy to find. My favorite tea is the "boba milk green tea," which is a jasmine green milk tea, which is also consistently excellent. I have to say that this tea and boba are the best I've had anywhere, although I admit that I have not been to Taiwan or anywhere in Asia. I have had my share of bad boba and bad tea, and it is nice to know that it is excellent 99% of the time at any branch of the Tea Station.
While this place is worthy of four stars, I unfortunately agree with many others who say the service isn't as great as it should be (thus the reason why I give it a three; well, technically, I wish there was a 3.5 option!) With that aside, their menus are full of options to where you have a variety of teas, milks, bobas, and even plates of appetizers and meals to choose from. I've been coming here since high school, and this is a perfect environment for locals to come and sit down in a group, play some cards, and have a light snack/tea for the afternoon/evening. This place is usually mobbed at later hours of the day, but otherwise I always find this to be my place to go when catching up with old friends or discussing business matters.
My friend and I were on a mission for boba... at 2am, so this was the only place that was open. One that would satisfy our craving, I mean.

I had the milk green tea with boba, and it was perfect.  The only thing not so perfect was the increasing prices! I came here about a month or two ago, and the large teas were 4.75, which is now the price of the regular teas! The large is 6 whopping buckaroos!! 6 bucks for a large milk tea?! AND I payed for it!! Can someone please tell me what went wrong in that situation?!! Wahhh!!!

On a better note, if you order your boba to-go, I believe you get 15 percent off your purchase?

*NOTE: if you like paying for expensive and tasty boba, please remember to ask for a stamp card. Haha, thank you.
For some strange reason, I've always had something against Tea Station. The thing is, it's been such a long time since I last went, I don't really remember what it is. But it's something that has stuck in my mind for years and I avoided the place like the plague. Was it bad service? Reading other people's reviews, that could be it.

Anyway, I finally returned this evening to hang out with a friend. We didn't order anything demanding - just a couple of drinks. The waitress took our order quickly, the drinks came out in good time, and then they left us alone as we talked for a couple of hours. When it was time to leave, it was easy enough to flag the waitress down, get the check, and be on our way.

Other people have mentioned that their service has vastly improved. I'll second that. It certainly was fast, accurate, and then invisible when we didn't need them. I'll still choose other boba places during the day when everything is open, but if you need a late night fix or just a chill late night hangout spot, Tea Station is a solid choice.
This is my usual stop area when I'm craving for milk tea.  Same menu as San Diego but customer service definitely needs improvement. I found a new place in LV called Tea Time Cafe by centennial & customer service and quality is superb! Should check it out sometime.
Tea Station is consistently good for me, but this one was a little pricey compared to the others. First of all, parking was easy. Being from LA-- this has to be mentioned.

I get the curry chicken and rice = great but the drinks is where they shine. Boba milk tea and blueberry green tea are good but for $6+ each ... yeah, no thanks.

There are cheaper, more delicious places. Sorry, Tea Station.
Seem like a great place to hang out and talk with a group of friend.
I'm a tea lover and they have a great variety of tea available. Wish I can try them all. 
I usually order the green apple tea.
great milk tea! Fun place to hanging out anc chilling with your friends. I love there a lot! and i usually go there with my friends however i dunt think it's really clean :(
We had the green boba tea, and dawggone - this was definitely green tea - I've never had such intensity in the stuff - I suppose I could make it as strong too but I doubt it would taste as good.  

Their menu is extensive; also expensive.  Hopefully the rest of their offerings will be as succulent as this one.
A nice place to hang out with friends over tea or maybe share a shaved ice dessert. I'd recommend the taro milk tea (hot or cold). Unfortunately, aside from the honey toast, I haven't had much luck with their food. With so many better places around, I would skip eating here.
Karen was super helpful. 

Green apple yogurt ice tea was my choice today. A little sour kick to it. Delicious. 

Almond ice tea. Pretty good. Normal. Haha.

will Definitely go again next time i'm in Vegas!
I decided a change of pace was in order so I stopped here today instead of heading to the nearest Starbucks.

I got a bubble black tea, unsweetened, and it was quite good.  There was a bit of a language barrier.  She was asking if I wanted sugar and at first I wasn't understanding at all.  Finally I understood, and I got my tea without sugar.  

The place is close to Las Vegas Little Theatre where I spend a good amount of time, but I think I'll stay nearer to Schiff Drive where it is.  The location of the Tea Station makes heading west out of the lot a pain in the neck.
My fav boba joint.  They are almost always packed, especially late night, so consider waiting for a table, or taking it to go.

Very flavorful teas and drinks, with some good food to boot.

Try a yogurt snow ice or jelly ice...my favorites are probably strawberry or passion fruit.
This is my first run in with Taro tea and it's yummy! It's milky, purple and sweet. I enjoyed that with some crispy chicken appetizers. I thought it was pretty good and I love that it's open late. It's a great place to catch up with friends over drinks and snacks. If I knew this place was open so much later than other places in town I would have come here first instead of driving  all over town.
Wow. Late night hot spot. From a sip of tea to a full meal, this is the place to be. Sweet Potato Balls!
Love this place. It's crowded at night but I find this place lovely for an afternoon. I'm always ordering takoyaki, so I have yet to try anything else. I absolutely love their lychee snow, it's going to be hard ordering a different drink!
Just came in for a snow ice and a boba tea, we didn't realize they have food too! Nice atmosphere, good service. Next time I come I am getting the ice with black beans and sweetened condensed milk, that looks great!
AWESOME place to read a book and "chill" out- no rush, just like a good ol coffee house!
June 28, 2011

  It's been quite some time since I last visited Tea Station.  So long in fact that I got the name wrong while I was looking for it on Yelp to review.  Tea Planet is what I typed out for some reason.  Any who...

Pros:
  Pretty good selection of flavors. 
  Chill ambiance
  Quick service
  Outdoor seating
  Friendly crowds
  Open late

Cons:
  Parking sucks. (Chinatown..what do you expect)
  If you hate the smell of smoke, don't sit outside... It's smoker's delight.
  Did I mention Parking sucks?

Verdict:
  A pretty chill place.  It seems like they are always busy.  I went here after dining at Kaya Sushi for some milk tea with some out-of-towners.  I really liked the ambiance  Everyone there (staff and customers included) seemed to have a very down-to-earth attitude.  Sitting outside at night, I was able to enjoy the nice breeze coupled with the warm temperature... perfect during this time of year.  They are open late too, so if you are looking for some late night tea, don't rule out this place.

Tips:
  If you are struggling to find parking.  Just post in one spot.  People are always leaving.  Nevertheless, the parking situation is a hassle.
  This place doesn't close til 2 am (at least the night I was there).  The crowd is pretty loud.  Lots of younger people.  It was a fun night.  We just hung out outside had a nonalcoholic bevie and just reminisced some good times in Cali during my teen years.
I've recently became a Tea Station fanatic, so I go to one whenever one is in the area. After entering the store, there's a sign on a bulletin board that reads, "Different locations. Same great taste." It assured me that I wouldn't be disappointed before I ordered but after I ordered, I was disappointed. I ordered the usual boba green milk tea but it lacked that strong taste that I loved. It even tasted a bit watered down even. I thought I got my milk tea fix for the day but guess not!
This place is ok. It's open late, they have food, and there are lots of places to sit, all which make for a great boba establishment. However, I was a bit disappointed with their actual boba! It was just a little too chewy for me... The texture just wasn't quite right. And the tea - I just ordered a plain black tea w milk and it also was a little off. There wasn't enough milk and it was too watered down. Sweetness level for normal sugar was ok but overall it tasted like when u leave ur drink out too long and all the ice melts. 

I'd still come here again though for the atmosphere, and maybe to try some of their other drinks or food. :)
My recommendation: Taro Boba Smoothie

With god awful customer service, higher than usual prices and some of the slowest preparation time I've ever seen in my life, the only thing saving this place is that their boba smoothies are the best in town. Many a times have I had a craving for Taro Boba that can only properly be satiated with a Tea Station smoothie. Just make sure you come with cash because they do not accept card for orders less than $10.
Loved this place. The honey lemon boba teas was excellent. Fun feel and we will be back.
I'm one of the people who comes to this place late at night, either right before or right after a delicious meal at Ichiza. You might think getting tea in the middle of the night is for the birds, but it is not: it's for the cools. 

I really like the tea they have here. I usually always get the mixed fruit tea, which is a mix of different fruits steeped to flavor your beverage. The tea is really good and comes out piping hot, so it kinda forces you to spend some time there. The place is cool, and they serve things other than tea. They have boba, shaved ice-type things, and other things I haven't gotten around to trying yet. Plus, the prices are right, though I dislike that I have to spend $20 or more to use plastic. 

The only reason this place doesn't deserve a five-star rating? Some of the girls who work here are kinda mean. Or just in a perpetual rush. Even on days when I've gone and it's kinda empty, they're always kinda mad at me. One time, my friend asked one of the girls what something tasted like (I believe she asked what taro tasted like) and the waitress says "I can't describe it. It's like describing what an apple tastes like. Can you tell me what an apple tastes like? Because I can't" It's funny in retrospect, but it wasn't so funny then. 

I'll continue to come here because I like the place so much, and I think it's a great casual date spot, but I just wish the waitresses would be nicer.
This place is the proper place for the person who likes to meet and talk with people at any time. It opens til really late and their teas are so fragrant and great! They are selling Hot tea, Ice tea, Fruit tea,  Herb tea etc. I will also pick this place as the best boba place.
Whenever there's nothing special, and Whenever I don't want to eat a lot at night, but whenever I want to meet my friends or when I want to have your own time, I go there and have a really good time with tea and playing card game that they have. 
Different from my home country, South Korea, I couldn't find a lot of  tea cafe place that runs til late at night in America. But I finally found here and I enjoy going there. They're also serving good asian dishes. I love them too.
This place is mostly crowded especially friday and saturday night. but you can get seats soon and they have some seats out side too.
Decisions, Decisions.

I swear the menu is larger than the Cheesecake Factory's.  They must have every possible permutation of tea or boba drink at this joint.  Unfortunately, I never really venture past the tried and true here.  Perhaps it's because I have no idea what some of those things are (what exactly is grassy jelly?)  Too bad, because I could come here every day for months and never have the same drink twice.  

My favorite is the plain old iced honey green tea.  It's never too sweet and it's always got that nice stiff green tea flavor with tannins to boot.  I could probably live off this stuff.

I do love to come here and hang out.  On my most recent visit, a friend and I plopped ourselves in a booth, ordered a couple drinks and chatted.  No one even so much as bothered us and if we wanted something, we just waved someone down.  They did eventually ask us to pay, rather than just dropping a check off, which kind of surprised me until I realized it was past 3am.  We had been there for 5 hours and never felt any pressure to leave that whole time.

One of these days I will have to order a desert.  Some of those concoctions look pretty tasty.  Oh, now which one?
Standard place to get boba.  Nothing extraordinary and I have nothing bad to say about this place either.  I ordered the Iced House Coffee with Boba and it was pretty good.  The boba's texture was soft and chewy as it should be.  I also tried the small shaved ice.  It was way too sweet, but good for a couple of bites.  I can't remember what I paid here, but my experiences at other Tea Station's make me want to say that they are a tad bid overpriced.  One thing I could say is that they could move the tables around because it's an awkward set up in there and it gets crowded when trying to order something.  If I go to Vegas again I will come here because it's the only place I know of to get Boba.
Tea Station addict confesses...relieved to find one in the desert. Yes it's home away from home.  

Kudos to franchises!
Service takes forever. It is a pricy place just for boba.
It's good! but.. expensive and they use syrup and or powder for their fruit drinks.

If a boba place is going to use syrup and or powder I would expect it to be cheaper not expensive.
Good drinks.  Service is kinda iffy.  but whatever.

A bit on the pricey side, but it's Vegas.

Drinks are a tad sweet.
This place has a pretty extensive menu. There are pages upon pages of various teas and smoothies... who would've thought? There is also a selection of snacks made to order. 

I had the passion fruit green tea with lychee jelly. Dang this is some strong green tea! I can actually taste/feel the tartness. I was caught off guard because I'm used to overly sweet drinks. The jelly could be better, though. I prefer the clear jelly that's used in philly and new york drinks instead of the white opaque one that was given. Overall, this is not a  bad spot to quench your thirst, especially in this hot weather.
Came here with a few friends visiting from LA.. One of my friends, has an obsession with this place..

Butter Toast and a side scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream: If you like Butter and Vanilla Ice Cream, then you might just find yourself a new habit!.. A fat slice of Toast that tasted like a sugar crusted bar of butter! The slice of toast came warm and with the cold ice cream.. 'Ahhh'.... (Kinda reminded me of the Lava Cake from Chart House or at Morton's..) Just melted in my mouth.. I felt pretty guilty eating this but it was worth the sugar fix or butter fix?! 

Watermelon Juice with Boba: I had a tough time choosing a drink since they had so many combinations to choose from. I noticed a chalkboard hanging on the wall with their special items written on it. I saw watermelon, I love watermelon, especially during the blazing summer heat! I thought it was the most refreshing choice, I just added boba. Fresh, tasted like sticking a straw into an actual watermelon! and the boba itself had the right chew and sweetness. A nice choice to cool yourself down! 

Place was Clean and Simple, happy bright colors.. typical boba restaurant decor. Service and prices were fine. Decent spot to have a drink, cool off, and get high off butter!
I love the Passion fruit jelly ice drink that they make but they chrger $1 extra for aloe! I wanted to replace the boboa with aloe and didn't mind paying 50 cents extra. But $7 bucks for a med ice drink is expensive!
My bf's relative from Vegas brought us here. If you happen to go to Chinatown during your Las Vegas trip and like tapioca then it is definitely worth your time to try this place. I had their boba milk tea, and the milk tea was better than ALLL the boba places in San Francisco and comparable to Verde Tea in Mountain View, Ca. The drive was quite far from our hotel on The Strip, but if this was on The Strip, I would get it every time I visit Vegas. Oh yeah, it was very refreshing for the 107 degree weather!
i use to think that there is no other place other than tea station. despite their horrible service, i still continued to buy my tea there. One day, i just couldnt stand it anymore, they had new people working and twice they made my drink wrong. when i have to pay $6 for my boba, it better be my money's worth. i have been ordering the wintermelon milk tea for 2 years and they now tell me that the drink does not exist. they poured milk into the wintermelon green tea that they mistakenly made for me. Of course it did not taste they way it was suppose to. i complained and they did not want to replace my drink until i got a bit furious with them. they ended up just making me a milk tea, which was delicious but i did not enjoy it, just for the fact that i initially wanted my wintermelon milk tea and what they put me through, just for a simple drink.
I am sitting at Tea Station after getting something to drink and eat. 

My server was Karen, I had to ask her how to connect to the WiFi, it was very simple. Sh pretty much left me alone when she noticed I was was on my iPad. 

I ordered the Fried Squid Balls and the Tea Flavored Deluxe Taiwanese Angel Hair with Iced Green Tea. For desert I had the Mango Shaved Ice, (I was waffling between that and the Strawberry Shaved Ice).

The Squid Balls were easy to eat, I expected them to be a lot more chewy than they were, an excellent choice.

The Angle Hair soup had just enough spice to be flavorful with out burning your mouth, another excellent choice. 

The green tea was very good with a strong flavor of jasmine (I love jasmine tea). The large green tea is just right, not something you are going to guzzle down, you want to savor the flavor.

The Mango Shaved Ice is huge, large enough to share, admittedly it is mostly shaved ice; however, on a hot day like today, shaved ice is just the right desert. There are bite sized chunks of mango and cream on is dish. Next time I will be going after the Strawberry Shaved Ice.

I came here after reading the write up posted by Lilly L. She gave this place a 5 star rating, and I agree with her, this place is great for coming in and relaxing out of the heat. The only sad point I had was dropping one of my Squid balls on the floor, that's what I get for not paying attention to my eating and surfing the web.

Looking over the extensive menu their main selection is Tea, if you are in the mood for a light meal, there are enough offerings to please your pallet. Their menu has icons to show you how each item is served,
Honey dew slush is my favorite boba drink so far, hate their milk tea, many great desserts and teas . Their crunchy pork w/rice is decent . Customer service is a little slow and not as helpful but it doesn't bother me anymore . Cute little hang out place for little kids .
Tea Station, aka Tea Planet (does anyone else call it that besides my friends and I? ) is very well known in Las Vegas ever since the early 2000's. If you've never been there or you're a tourist in Vegas, it's definitely the place to go if you want to meet locals, especially the Asians. It's where we Asians flock at night time, and where the business people meet during the day. You get people of all ethnicity coming here too to buy "boba" since it's located in the heart of Chinatown. Due to it's name and longstanding reputation in Cali.. many people who aren't familiar with the other cheaper "boba" places in Las Vegas will come to TP just to drop $6 + tax for a simple drink. 

Honestly, I DO NOT understand how it became so popular or why, but for the super expensive price you pay just to get boba made from powder and service that is dirt poor.. TP is definitely not worth it!
Perhaps because it's located in a very busy complex (thanks to Ichiza upstairs, Kaya & Zizzy bar next door) the place is just always full of people..However, if you really look at it closely, not everyone orders drinks.. it's just a place to go hang out and crowd around...pretty much loiter, making it busy all the time. 

But in reality, Tea Planet is expensive, overpriced, and the service there is HORRIBLE. Majority of their drinks start off at $5+ tax for a medium, even though nothing is fresh but powdered.. their large drinks is $6+ tax.. Finger foods such as spicy chicken and what not is $5 + tax for a small plate, and a meal is $8.99 and up.. Some of their noodle bowls go up to $12.00 +tax.. Everything there is overpriced, and the portions are skimpy. Don't be fooled by their "tea flavored" prefixes on the menus.. There's no tea flavor in any of it. On top of that, they occasionally raise their prices up and their portions seems to get smaller and smaller over time. 

The other day, I met up with friends there and order my usual Royal Milk Tea in a pot. The "pot" is supposed to be their size medium at $5 + tax ( their "urn" is the large size) .. when I ordered it using the size names they wrote on their menu, my waitress had no idea what the eff I was talking about. She kept asking me what size I wanted and I kept repeating the pot. They only have pot and urn on the menus, how was I supposed to know the size. She should know because she works there but sure enough, she didn't. Everyone I talk to has something bad to say about the girls that serve there. Not only are they slow, but their attitude is so bitchy, especially when they mess up your drinks and you tell them to remake it. Overall, for the price you pay, service is just horrible. And since they bring out the drinks to you, it's customary to tip them too. Not worth it at all for bad service.
This place has really good taro milk tea. Its the only one I get when I go here. I havent tried anything else besides that. Dont expect superior customer service here. Its more like give them your order and voila. DONE! =) The parking sucks here. We always have to drive around before we find a spot.
Great Tea, Good Food, Horrible Service.
I came here with one of my best friends from out of town and her son. I thought I knew what I was ordering but I had no idea until I bit into it. When I saw it on the menu it looked like and I thought it was a crispy spring roll. I was so wrong ! The outside wasn't crispy at all it looked like shriveled skin. I tried really hard to try to eat them because my friend was treating and I didn't want to be rude. I pretended it was really good and I said "They are so good you should really try some". My friend took one and didn't have another after that. I tried to eat my third one but while my friend and her son were looking at all the teas I spit it out on a napkin. I couldn't take it anymore . I finally told my friend and she understood because she didn't like them either. I'm so glad we have the same taste! 

I also tried the Taro Balls which were really good. They are fried to a golden brown and not too sweet. My friend's son also had a Honey Dew Slurpee like drink that he let me try. I didn't want to give it back ! It tasted better then my Lychee drink that I was having !
Quite honestly one of the WORST places ever and it's definitely not authentic either.  Their flavorings all taste like artificial flavoring powders.  It tastes nothing like the locations in California or other cities. I've gone there half a dozen times and each time their services gets worse and the food get worse as well.  I took my family there for a family dessert night after eating elsewhere for dinner.  I ordered shaved ice with a side of the chewy (not fried) taro balls ON THE SIDE, fried sweet bread, and fried taro balls. The waitress smirks and says "Ummm, that's not going to taste good because the shaved ice is cold and the taro balls are hot ". OH YOU DON'T SAY, REALLY?! I know that because I was born in Taiwan, grew up eating this stuff so I think I know what I'm doing. Not to mention, I order this EVERY TIME I'm there...so she places my order and comes back later and tells me she doesn't have anymore taro balls but she can do rice balls. So I asked her again, so if you're out of taro balls then what are you serving with the red bean soup when people order that? She smirks AGAIN so I just told her to forget about it.  Each time a dish was dropped off at the table, it was literally thrown on the table and not a word mentioned on what the dish was. Long story short, I'm in service industry and I've never given someone a 10% tip. But I did last night. I'll never go back. Worst customer service, if any, and worst food/beverages!!!!
If you're going to make it worth coming here, I recommend ordering tea.  I would avoid paying for overpriced boba(bubble) tea or milk teas.  However, their specialty teas in the teapots are definitely worth a try.  We tried the grass jelly hot tea pot.  It is served hot, but it gels up like gelatin as it cools.  It has red beans, boba, and maybe some other ingredients that I don't remember.  I've never paid $7-$8 for bubble tea before!!!  Ridiculous.  I'd look for nearby competitors for bubble tea but for food and tea, I'd definitely recommend checking this place out.  The location is a bit inconveniently off the strip near the Chinatown area.  The place is small cozy and clean with bright lighting.
Nice to see a familiar place in vegas for boba! Nice clean and quiet restaurant/tea shop...waitresses were surprised when I spoke in mandarin...the chrysanthemum tea came out watered down and the crystal jello (aiyu) tasted different, but when you're in vegas and desperate for boba, that's perfectly acceptable to me. Refreshing after being dehydrated from post-alcoholic nights and partying :)
I really want to say: screw this place!!!

Service is horrible.  They're rude, slow, and not friendly at all!!  I usually take my drink to go and even with such a quick transaction they're just so uninviting.

I tried to sit down and have dessert once and it took a while to get acknowledged.  I had to flag a waitress down.  Forget asking for suggestions, it's like communicating with a child.  I ordered the mango shaved ice, but I can't tell you how it tasted, because after waiting for 20 minutes, it never arrived.  Apparently the excess of servers standing around kept ours to occupied to bother punching in my order.  I mentioned it to her, she looked surprised, I saw her tell the person behind the counter and he proceeded to make it. F that... I walked out.

I come here because I'll have my occasional boba craving and I eat off spring mountain a lot.  After finding other joints who serve boba, along with the shit service, I don't come here anymore.  This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!

Btw.  Make sure you always taste your drink before you leave the place.  I ordered a large milk tea taro to-go for my BF once and didn't taste it cause it was for him.  Well, I got home and gave it to him and it tasted like purple water.  I paid almost six dollars for that and was so pissed.  I really wanted to go back but it was just a waste of energy.

Here are a few places I've found that serves boba- cheaper, yummier, nicer cashiers:
1.) Boba City Cafe
2.) Cefiore
3.) Waffles Cafe
4.) Easy Life Boba Tea
And I believe there is a Q-cup opening up off of jones where China Mama is located.
I decided that when I am in need of tea and it is late at night, I have no issues driving the distance from my place (13miles) to sip on some warm delicious Mixed Fruit Tea, or maybe even a new tea that I would probably try the next time I am there. I absolutely love the fact that they are open so late on the week days! I went on a Wednesday and it was 11:00 and still hoppin. 

I liked the atmosphere and how everyone seemed pretty chill. They have a huge menu, I could not get through it all, but I will be back to try new things, guaranteed!  

I cannot really say much beyond that, because it was my first time and I just had the Mixed Fruit Tea, which was amazing and made my insides feel all warm and relaxed. I felt so relaxed and enjoyed just hanging out that I really did not want to drive home. I just ate, I was having this delicious tea, enjoying the conversations, it took strength to get out of my chair. 

In the end all I can really says is, "I'll be back!" -said in the famous voice everyone knows and loves.
It is painfully obvious that Tea Planet, or Tea Station now..I guess, is notorious for its terrible service and overpriced drinks.  Yes, it is worth mentioning and Im sure there is a consensus in the feeling.  So why would I bother dwelling on it like everyone else?

Whenever I find myself in Vegas I always crave the pork chops from this place.  I could care less about anything else on the menu honestly.  Last time I was there it was under the menu as "M10 Tea Flavored Pork Chops".  As far as my experiences have gone with this dish, it was never a small portion.  The crusted, deep fried chop is usual a decent sized cut.  The chop is always cooked through, but not dry and overdone.  Juicy with a good amount of pork fatty goodness.  It sits on a bed of an about even ratio-ed rice portion with a meat mash blanketed by an over easy egg.  Theres also three sides accompanied on the dish that never seem to be the same.  It seems more of the luck of the draw, what sides they feel like preparing that day.  Thats pretty much the only inconsistencies they have with the plate.  Which is fine because Im sure they see those three sides the same way I see them as....filler. 

The times Ive been here, Ive had enough company to not notice or care of the wait time for our orders to arrive.  Were usually busy talking about our trip and trying to enjoy ourselves anyhow.  And were usually a big enough group to attract the attention of our server.  Regardless, you should know what to expect when going to these types of places anyhow.  Either you deal or you dont go.
I really enjoy good tea and that's the main reason I continue to go to this place.  The tea is great, and the boba is great.  I don't like my tea and drinks to be too sugary as to mask the taste of the teas.  So they get a lot of props for that, but this place is a hit or miss every time.

If I come here with my Asian friends the service is much faster, we get greeted on entrance and wait 5-6 minutes for our order.  If I come here with say...my Hispanic friends, a lot of times, they either forgot we entered the store altogether, or forgot we ordered a drink.  I don't want to point this observation out to my friends, but it is true and valid.
Service has always been horrible for the past couple years, even when it used to be tea planet. The good boba never makes up for it and their slow staff.
taro milk tea with boba my favorite!!!
always a fan of boba.  Service is never expected to be "nice".  You don't go and eat here for the service, that's for sure.  The drinks are another story and I ordered their noodle soup dish that had shredded pork with bok choy.  Unfortunately they don't give enough veggies or meat but plenty of noodles.  

The noise level is a bit high and they could turn down the music a bit.  You barely can hear the other person talking across the table from you.

Opened late when the other restaurants in the shopping plaza right next door close at 10pm is a benefit here.  I was happy to at least get my "noodle on" and stay warm.
I'm so relieved they have a Tea Station in Vegas, it just makes everything so much better! The Boba and Milk Tea here tastes just as good as any other one Tea Station in California so I give it a 5 star! 

Recommendations: LARGE Boba Milk Tea--plain and simple is the way to go! & large because you're going to want more!
I'm quite keen on service. Their service here was horrible. Maybe I could say bad timing for me, but regardless of time, it was still horrible service. Walking in, do find my own seat? I guess I do since there happened to be servers running to and fro and perhaps avoiding newly arrived customers. Whatever the case, I went ahead and pulled myself a chair. 

Waited quite a bit to finally get an order from a server, but I think at this time, I was already fed up with bad service. Fast forwarding from bad service, the drinks were all right. Tasted better. 

Still on the hunt on finding a nice place with decent service and serves delicious tea. If anyone else has, let me know.
me and my friends wanted to share two pots of hot milk tea. When we got them they were in two big bowls with spoons. We asked for cups and they said that each cup would cost an extra $1....seriously? We are paying for tea and we can't have cups to drink them?? This store obviously cares more about ripping me off than actually making me a happy customer...never coming here for boba again! (yes, the boba was good but there's plenty of other places in lv to get boba, and those places give you cups)
Beyond the fact that I like their green milk tea and rose milk tea, I have nothing good to say about this place.  Service, as everyone else on here seems to agree, is HORRIBLE!! I don't know why I even bother tipping (when eat in) anymore.  I usually tip a very small % because the service is THAT bad.  Now that I think about it, they charge over $6 for a large drink (!!!!) and add so much ice, I shouldn't have to tip.  If I ever go back and actually sit down to enjoy my drink, I will not be leaving a tip. 

And another thing that have intrigued me for a long time is that, every time we go get a beverage to go (I order the same thing every time), they charge me differently.  I don't get it.  How can the same drink be priced differently each time?  My boyfriend thinks it's because he's non-Asian and they think they can rip him off because he's white.  I don't know how true that is but it is quite strange, don't you think?
The Tea Station in California is so much better! The drinks tasted the same, but they were way stingier on the amount of boba at the LV location.
I have died and gone to boba heaven!!!  I LOVE BOBA!!!  This place is my new fave!!

Lychee snow ice with boba = Yes, yes, yes!!!  Sooo perfectly smooth and delicious and a generous serving of absolutely yummy boba!!

My friend got the passion fruit jelly ice and was kind enough to let me sip on that.  What on earth is this amazing deliciousness?!?!  I just about flipped out it was so yummy!!

I'm willing to drive back to Vegas just to come back here ... But I just discovered they have locations in CA!!  I'll be yelping about those shortly  ;)
Good typical boba, slower than the second coming of christ service. This place is getting on my last nerve.
I still need to get my boba fix even when I am vacationing in Vegas...I usually always go here when I'm in Vegas. Pretty much the same as any other Tea Station that I have been to. 

Their boba is good. Its soft and chewy. Prices here in my opinion are a bit high for boba. Service, like all the other Tea Stations that I have been to, is not very friendly, but this is one of the better boba places in vegas to go to. 

My usual drinks are:
-Milk tea
-Jasmin/Green Milk tea
-Thai Tea
-Coffee Milk tea
Minus 2 stars for the horrible horrible service today, maybe the worst I ever experienced...

What in hell did we do to deserve this?!!

My +1 and I decided to have a seat and enjoy our boba after a long day of work but the hostess completely ignored our existence for 15 minuts, she was just standing there avoiding eye contact.
When she finally acknolege us and take our order it took 15 more minut for our two green tea to come out.
Then 20 minuts to get our check after asking for it and it came out wrong...can you say "annoying?!!"
Plus the place was sooo load, it gave me a headache when I just wanted to relax...

Also we politely asked her for the wifi password but she just said "I don't know" and walked away from us with a very pissed face on.

Excuse us for disturbing your gracious time my queen...

I really wanted to stay your fan tea station but save yourself from the mean waitress...take your boba to go.
I forgot how much I missed this place! It's a great place to just really sit down, and enjoy a good drink or snack with friends. You come in, and you expect it to be a very fun place to go. I'm just glad that it stays away from creating an internet cafe concept, with less computers, and more social engagement. The way the place is decorated, and the furniture settings really invite that social atmosphere. Expect to see many customers playing cards, chess, checkers, or laughing and talking over boba or tea.

Another great thing is that they offer free wifi. A perfect place to for a study group or even to do homework or papers on your own. If you want a place to study that provides choices either than coffees or lattes. I'd say this would be that place.

My personal favorite is their Taro Boba. I've gone to many boba places and their Taro Boba just never tastes the way Tea Station's does. It just never compares. Tea Station's Taro Boba is just so smooth and rich with that Taro flavor. I would usually grab a small snack to go with my drink, and expect it to either be the squid balls or the sweet buttered toast. 

Sweet buttered toast is fluffy, sweet, and light. Expect it to be filling, but the simple concoction of this treat is such an ingenious concept! Toast with sugar and butter? It's amazing.

If you want a more meaty and salty snack. Definitely the squid balls if you're adventurous and down for the seafood snacks! Its tasy with that seafood flavor, but eat expecting that it might be imitation seafood or artificial seafood because the texture sort of feels that way.

I think the service was subpar. They do their job, and that's about it, but I'm glad that they do do their best to make an impression whether it would be a happy tone in their greeting or a smile.
3.5-4 stars if the service isn't so horrible and the food isn't overpriced. 

5 stars for their tea selection and staff knowledge of teas. I fell absolutely in love with the honey ginseng tea. If you're sick, have a sore throat or flu... I highly recommend this tea! It goes down smoothly and clears up your sinuses. They offer a large selection of iced and hot teas (pot or cup) and bobas, the quality is good and flavors are delicious. There is something for everybody. 

Now on to the food... good selection (they've expanded their food menu), but prices are pretty steep for Asian food at a tea spot. The dishes and appetizers can stand to be $1-2 lower. Although the portions are generous and the presentation is lovely, in the end it is off-the-strip Asian food and the prices can be shocking to most locals. Needless to say, the food can range from good to great. After all, it's one of the only places in Vegas that offers green tea noodles (yum!) and their rice dishes come with complimentary side dishes (Korean-style). We definitely enjoyed our meals... hearty and plentiful. 

Aaaaand the service... AHH! The horrible service! The workers are nice, but not experienced. No sense of multi-tasking, forgot a few things we ordered... I had to get up and chase someone down for a refill on our waters. Whenever we needed ANYTHING, it took way too long for anyone to approach and deliver. Hopefully, they re-train their servers so that the overall experience for customers can improve.
Sat down and waited 20 minutes for them to notice me and give me a menu.  25 minutes later they didnt come back to take my order.  Some people came in and got their take out order immediately.  Been to this place several times before and this is by far the worst service i have received.  Will no longer come back.
I did not know there was a Chinatown 5 minutes from the Vegas Strip. I got the milk green tea with little boba and it was very good. I am giving it 4 not 5 stars because the price is pretty high compared to the one back in la. A regular boba on the menu can be as expensive as $5 including tax. 

Parking is easy.
You can't possible imagine how overjoyed I was to find a legit chinese tea cafe in Las Vegas's Chinatown Plaza! For those who are unfamiliar with Tea Station...it is famous chain of taiwanese drinks and snacks. My friends and I already had lunch at the plaza's Anime Ramen so we were too full to try any of their food; however, we still left room for some aromatic milk teas.

I ordered a hot wintermelon tea (without pearls)! 1) because I was curious as to how a vegetable tea would taste like and 2) my friend highly recommended it. It was absolutely DELICIOUS and I must say,  I am hooked! I've always noticed that it is only available in authentic specialty chinese tea cafes, so it is relatively hard to find in franchises like quickly's, q-cup and tapioca express. I'm sure their other drinks (hot and cold) are just as good. For those of you who have never experienced it before, I think it is worth trying, because its flavor is very unique and deep. Overall, great cafe and I will definitely be returning for more when I'm in town!
Been coming here more often this past couple of months and sorry to have to bump it down a star. The food and drink is still delicious but friendlier service wouldn't hurt either. The wait staff never seem to carry a smile and when you sit there too long they kinda give you the eye. But hey only they have that scrumptious sweet butter toast that I can't get anywhere else.
I really think 3-stars is a bit generous.

My review of this place is long overdue after countless times of going here.  Honestly, I think the only reason I'm not giving them 2-stars is because the cafe serves its purpose; you get in, sit, get your tea (or if you're craving for street food, by all means, have at it), and then you get out.

It's very convenient to get your drink to go, and they give somewhat prompt service.  But their service when it comes to sit-in is horrendous.

Along with the trash-talking in Mandarin about customers, they're pretty deficient on the hospitality department.

Short story- one time I went there and our bill came to around $15.  We gave her $25 since we had big bills.  It does NOT make sense to keep the change.  $10 tip?  Are you kidding me?  We had to ask her for the change and when she gave it to us, it was short a couple dollars and cents.  We left no tip.

(Just so you know me a bit better, I tend not to tip ONLY if the service is ridiculous.  I've never NOT given any tip because of bad food, that's something we risk as customers.  But in a city where the tip percentage is among the highest in the nation, I believe that the tip should be a reflection of the establishment's hospitality.  Thus, she received no tip.)
I like to visit Tea Station late at night.  Fair warning - the parking situation is CRAZY!  The lot is oddly-shaped and small... and people drive like they are cracked out of their skulls.  

Anywho, they have some of the best drinks I have ever had... good taro milk drinks, honeydew snow ices, and really awesome milk teas.  The service can be spotty - the staff rarely come around to tables, so you have to flag them down - but once you do, they are nice.  The drinks really are incredible beyond belief :)  Also, their shredded pork soup with tea noodles is very good too.

We used to have a favorite waitress, Pinky, who served us our late-night goodies... but they moved her to the day shift!  We are so distraught - we miss Pinky!  We rarely get to go to Tea Station during her shift... boo!  So if you see her, tell her that "the goofy couple who always orders two milk teas with no boba" says hi!
Love the matcha green tea with boba and the sweet buttered toast is good too.  But It's a little over priced, and they could use some new staff cause the women waitresses were just rude and unhelpful.
Hmm, two words .. HORRIBLE SERVICE ! why go to a place where youre gonna get treated like shit. on the other hand , boba is good. BUT ... ive had much better ones.
I give 3 stars ONLY because I love their coconut milk tea with boba. It IS pricey, but obviously worth it for me to keep going back there quite often. 

At Tea Station, the flavor & amount of sugar overpowers the tea taste (which probably isn't good for you health-wise haha) which is why I find their boba sooooo addicting. If you're looking for boba that HAS more of a tea taste, I suggest Volcano Tea instead.

One thing I dislike is the service. I always order my drink to-go and the waitresses never smile, never greet you, and always have a blank face on... When I pay with cash most of the time they automatically assume the rest is their tip, which you should NEVER do. Because they assume that I owe them something after paying almost $7 dollars for a 16-18 oz. drink ON TOP OF the girls turning around and speaking a different language to their co-workers most likely trash-talking, I probably shouldn't leave a tip. But I do anyways.

Overall, I've heard great things about the food, I LOVE the boba, and the whole atmosphere of the place is nice... Parking sucks though.
The formally known Tea Planet, I've been going to this place for years, gosh I feel old. Does anyone still call this place Tea planet? LOL I think its a way better name than Tea Station. If you didn't know this is a chain Boba, they also have locations in California. 

Boba: 4/5 I love their variety of boba's and styles they make it in. I love getting the passion fruit jelly ice because it just looks WILD. My boyfriend prefers the honey dew slush. I also like their hot boba's during the winter I love getting hot boba milk tea. It replaces my usual hot cocoa fix. I wish they did more natural fruit drinks rather than powdered boba's 

Food: 4/5 I've tried their sweet butter toast, Taiwanese sausages, Fried spicy chicken, & their tea flavored beef stew noodle. So  I've tried a couple things, they promote tea flavored foods but idk I don't really taste much tea but okay. The sweet butter toast is very sweet trust me! With a sweet tooth I couldn't even finish it. Taiwanese sausages are sweet pretty good, the fried spicy chicken wasn't as great as most places I've tried so that was disappointing because I love fried spicy chicken with my boba. The tea flavored beef stew noodle, isn't really special.  

Happy hour: 2/5 Pretty good happy hour from 3-5pm $2.50-$3.50 drinks. Keep in mine none of the specialty drinks more like boba milk tea or boba milk green tea. So not much variety in their happy hour. 

Price: 3/5 decent price range from $3-$7 a drink depending on size and the way you like your boba, from cold. hot, slush, smoothie etc.

Parking: 3/5 Depending on the time you go, parking for this place can be hell. From dinner hours to late the parking lot can be full and you'll be forced to park at the china town plaza and walk a bit of distance.
From the awful parking situation to the attitude encountered from a mistake made on their end - it's Meh. I've experienced better. 

The Tea Station is located on Spring Mountain. If you live(d) in Las Vegas or spent any time there recently, not much more need be said other than "parking sucks!". All I know is that if I had to wait a minute longer than I did for a space, this review wouldn't exist as I would have went elsewhere.

As for the attitude - I place my order and as he's taking it down, for one of the drinks, I state "no Boba" which he confirms and even crosses out on his order pad. Lo and behold, the order is brought out with Boba and attitude ensues like I made a mistake. Luckily, I don't speak the language he spoke with the person who made the order because I'm sure it wasn't polite with regards to me - but as long as they didn't spit (or worse) in my drink, I'm good. The counter height is such that you can watch them make your drink so rest assured, I wasn't drinking anything I didn't order. 

Anyway, like most places, even in California, the price for these drinks is pretty high. Demand is high so the price is too.

The price. The parking. The attitude. I'll pass on this place the next time I'm in Las Vegas and want a cool drink.
My friends and I love the hot Taro milk tea with boba here. But on our recent visit, we were so pissed by the service and the "new policies" they have. We got the large hot Taro milk tea with boba, and we had to buy another large size tea cause we needed to at least spend $12 dollars for our table (they have a policy that each person sitting should at least spend $4. Since there were three of us, we had to spend $12). When we got our orders, we asked for cups and they asked a dollar per cup!! Seriously what is that, I've never had to pay just to borrow extra utensils or cups in any restaurant. They tried to explain it as best as they could, but we couldn't understand what they were saying (language barrier) so we just let it go. But we were sitting there so annoyed with our two large bowls and not knowing what to do with it. We were so frustrated. The people weren't bad but their new "policies" suck.
I gave this place two stars because 1) the new policies suck. Our server would not give me and my friends  extra cups for a large bowl of tea boba. There was an extra charge of $1 for an extra cup. I even asked if there was an extra charge for a spoon. Since they charge on everything 2)over priced drinks- the tea bobas here are almost about $6! I would rather go to volcano tea house down the street for half the price with the same or even better tasting boba   3) the food isn't great- I ordered some noodle soup and it tasted very top ramen like.. I could have just made it at home for free. 4) staff can't speak English! 5) service isn't too good either. So in general the only great thing about this place is that it's open late usually open till 1-2am.
I have been here countless times and was always with good company, probably why we don't mind their bad service (I'm Asian, it's Chinatown..) but this time their service just really got to my nerves. They like to act dumb, don't even understand well, seems like they don't even know their most basic items and they talk in their language in front of customers. Almost like you owe it to them that you are in their establishment (REALLY... Such a privilege.) 

We first ordered a large tea to share but they said we HAVE to order $4/person which i don't get, i feel almost like im at a club and I had to pay for a fee. We were in a relatively good mood so fine we just gave in and ordered another large one so we can get our tea with little cups to share. So we sat down and got our order (ummm they gave it to us in a TO GO cup, FAIL.) and notice it didn't come with cups so we asked for it and they said it was $1 each. WTH?!? Why did we even order a second one in the first place? As if paying overpriced milk tea wasn't enough, they just had to get their point across that they wanted to rip you off. (OK OK Tea Station, we get it!) The lady probably sensed we were getting annoyed so she gave us a small bowl for our drink. They can give us a small rice bowl container and not a cup? Does not make sense at all that it cracks me up! Only reason to go here is when it's past 11 and it's the only boba place that is open but thats about it. 

The lady said they charge extra per cup if you did not order food (then c'mon why name it TEA STATION? Shouldve named it Rice Station or something) I dont know? It's not like it's crazy packed and there are customers that are waiting to be seated? Somebody please shed some light. Okay now you can all say, "YOU MAD BRO?" I swear.... I'm not. LOL
i like their lavender milk tea as well as their earl grey milk tea. i like how they're piping hot.
This place is awesome. It's a nice chill spot after getting off work late and hanging out with friends. I love most of their warm milk teas, especially the almond milk tea. Actually, I pretty much like all of their milks teas, cold and warm. The staff pretty much leaves you alone except when you first get there (which is understandable). Their tactics for getting you to order instantly is a little intimidating I will admit. They just stand behind you until you're ready to order -_- I like how they place all of the teas on the shelves for everyone to see. It adds color and ambience to the place. I am already a regular and will continue to be one.

Side note: I was iffy about coming here the first time because one of my close friends told me that she came here and hated it. She ordered regular boba drinks (not totally sure which ones) and almost all of her friends puked. My experience was nothing like this.
Every time I come here I expect to get better service than the time before.. and I'm always wrong. The servers seem as if they're too busy to care. There's always a crowd at night and people like to spend more than just a couple minutes here.  Parking can be difficult in this complex too. I don't think the boba is exceptional to make up for the poor service either. I guess if you with good company and you're craving boba late at night, this is just where everyone goes..
Walked in at about 10:45am sat. Boba was not ready sat and wait for bout 15min then Ordered a large milk tea boba did not taste like how it should... It was watered down, texture is thin, tasted like sugar water... I wouldn't order that drink again.
EH!

Sort of expensive for what you get.  I understand that you might pay a little more to hang out and chill there.. but still... at 6 bucks for a medium with boba.... overpriced!

The service is awkward (at least late night).  They kind of hover over you until you decide what to order.  Then, you never see them again.  I even had to go to the counter to get my order even though we were seated (confused - they took our order at the table, but I had to get up for my drink?)

Anyway, I normally get the smoothie type of drink with boba.  Taro's my fav.  Blech!  I could taste the powder... and it was way too icy chunky tasting.  We also go the Red Bean (expecting it to taste like Red Bean ice cream).  Tasted like straight up beans.

Anyway, I see the appeal of the place as a hang out joint... but I'll be sticking to Volcano Tea House just a minute away.
The service is usually lacking and the employees may not speak much English but the tea makes up for it. 
My two faves are the lychee green tea and the mango green tea-- with boba added of course.
note, most of their cold tea is pretty sweet so I always ask for half sweetened.
I just got a quick drink for my class. I had original boba milk tea. It was okay the boba was a little bit too soft tho but the service was so BAD. Made me really up set.
The drinks are definitely below the standard set by the location in San Gabriel. The milk green tea I had wasn't flavorful enough and the sugar didn't help make it any more appealing.

The service was even poorer than I expected for an Asian establishment. At this point, I'd rather go to the Volcano Tea a few blocks down in hopes of finding something better, and I never thought I would ever resort to that.
WILL NEVER COME BACK! HORRIBLE SERVICE & NASTY BOBA DRINK! I used to live in California and had always gone to Tea Station. The tea station in Vegas is just horrible! My boyfriend and I went to Tea Station last week, we had a peppermint milk tea w/ coffee jelly and a wheat germ milk tea w/ boba. The bill is $14.05. Seriously? 2 drinks for $14??And the drink is not even good. The waitress has some attitude problems and she messed up our order. Our waitress is so rude and the drink is so watery! She literally just threw our drinks on the table and she was so impatient while taking our orders. I mean, I've been to many Asian restaurant....I know how most restaurants services are and I can tolerate it because of the food. but tea station? Heck no! BAD FOOD AND HORRIBLE SERVICE! There are many boba place is Vegas like Easy Life, No 1, Beegee.... I don't know why on earth I ended up here! There is no way that I"m gonna go back to that place for crappy drinks and horrible services! I don't know why they are still in business....
If it wasn't for the fact that they made bomb drinks and are open late in this 24/7 town,.. i probably wouldn't come here as often. The service is the worst part... they just don't know customer service.. often times I wanted to just never come back.. but they make legit food/drinks.. so if you've got the midnight craves, Yes this is a good spot.
My daughter was asking for Boba, so this was the closest I could find to where we were.  I was actually looking for Volcano which was recommended to me.  

Insane prices for tea, $5-7?  It's tea.  I asked what she recommended and she said the rose milk tea.  I trusted her and bought it.  Wow!  Tasted like it had my grandmothers rose perfume in it.  Nasty.  

I've had tea/boba at several places in CA and this was just way below average.
Nice.   I was so dissatisfied with volcano tea next door that I went hunting for a replacement.  Thank god tea station is here and close by.  Now I have to share my experience with you all.  Just beware... Volcano tea flavor has gone downhill.  Get ur fix at tea station instead.
Huge menu full of things you probably never heard about.


There are tons of tea drinks here and an assortment of foods cooked in or with tea.  Every time I come here, I try to order something new.  Honestly, sometimes when I look at the items on the menu, I ask myself, "Are they just making this stuff up?"  I always end up having something that is good, but not amazing.  

While this place gets crowded, and the service is far from good, the drinks aren't expensive and they have lots to choose from.  On my last visit I had a cold Wintermelon milk tea.  I can't really describe what a wintermelon looks like, since I've never seen one, but the taste was pretty mild and satisfying.  

This is a fun place to experience food and beverages that you have most likely never had before.  Before you come, expect less than stellar service, and you'll have no problem getting the most out of this station of tea.
This is my first time ever @ a Tea Station (despite how there are many from where I live in California). I was excited to see what they have to offer. They did not open until 11 am so we showed up a few minutes beforehand. They were kind of rude! They should show up at least half an hour earlier to set up and open up shop so they can be ready to go exactly at 11. They gave us an attitude & we didnt even rush them! They were busy taking down chairs from all of the tables-at 11am (WTF?). It was super hot in there too!

Their menu had sooooo many drinks but I settled for the jasmine milk tea. It was very strong, fragrant, & flavorful. Apparently it has a lot of caffeine in it because it made me all jittery & had to frequent the restroom many times. I got the beef bowl (like Yoshinoya or a Japanese sukiyaki beef) & my husband got the noodle with eggs and other stuff (personally, it looked like prisoner's food-all kinds of scrap scrambled with noodles & cabbage). My food was just ok. Apparently my husband likes his dish (he's a simple guy & settles for anything lol).

Overall, I would not come back...
I love me some Tea Station! I was very surprised when I found one in Vegas!

Came in here on a Monday morning (or 12 AM Sunday ;p) and this place was still packed even though they close at 1 AM. The staff were friendly and prompt with the order.

I ordered the barley milk tea boba and an order of butter brick toast...the best buttery toast ever! The barley milk tea is one of my favorite boba drinks and the Tea Station always makes it darn bobalicious!
Yummy and delicious boba tea along with other varieties of asian teas.  Free wifi, cards, and games to play while you enjoy your drink.  They also make those ice bowls, but I haven't tried it yet although they look very good. 

Only downside is that the credit card requires a minimum purchase of $10.
This place still holds a special place in my heart for the thai tea with boba (it's my new "regular order").  However, some of the drinks have become too sweet for my liking.  Some time ago, a new person took over making the drinks on the night shift.  Ever since, I've had to specifically ask that they put less sugar in my order.  It's really overwhelming otherwise.

When I began reviewing tea places, I got my drinks sans boba.  Now that I've become addicted to the boba itself, I will concede that Tea Station has incredible boba.  They have a good flavor and consistency and seem to offset how sweet the drinks have become, at least to some degree.  I'm still a regular visitor.
I came here for the first time a few days ago with Donald. I ordered hot taro milk tea, size large, and he ordered iced lavender milk tea. I thought my tea would be served in a little tea pot w/ cups like this: http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/dA7y-Lz1P5rOaPtCbwRUuA/l.jpg so I could share with Don, but instead it was served in a very large bowl with a soup spoon like the one Nelson posted a pic of: http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/qFsgiYsEXxr7qpR8zh9jpQ/l.jpg. It was a very huge bowl that wasn't meant for sharing. I ended up asking for a cup so I could pour some of the tea into it rather than sip from the spoon because it was way too hot.

I really wasn't fond of the hot taro milk tea at all. It was ridiculously sweet. I felt like I gained 10 pounds just drinking it and it left a horrible after taste. I wouldn't get it again. I did like Donald's iced lavender tea though. It was refreshing and had a wonderful floral taste. If I ever come back, I'll probably stick to tea without milk because they seem to overdo it on the powder and sugar.
Don't go here. There are way better Mom&Pop boba places in Vegas that'll offer better food and golden service. A slice of bread would offer me better service than this place.

I took my friend here on a late Tuesday night to get a late dessert. It was 11 PM and we and four other people were the only customers. We waited at our table for--not exaggerating--20 minutes before someone took our orders. We gave them our orders--two cold, easy boba drinks that shouldn't have taken very long to make--and we waited--again, not exaggerating--40 more minutes to get them. They would've taken longer if I didn't ask them where our orders were. The whole time we were waiting, we could hear waitresses laughing and talking behind the counter, not doing anything. And when we interrupted them to get our food, they deliberately acted annoyed. Wow. That wasn't my first bad experience there either; it was just the one that made me stop going altogether. On another occasion, they gave me the wrong order but wouldn't refund me or make my drink because I took ONE sip of it, wherein I found out it was the wrong drink. Yeah, that makes perfect sense. There are other bad experiences, but I'll end there.

This place is a JOKE. These people will piss you off and ruin your day, and you don't deserve that because you're a rad person. So don't come here, Rad Person.
Great place for the best Tea/Boba/Smoothies/Desserts !!!!!
I would absolutely come back here for their Brown Sugar Boba Milk Tea alone. It had just the right blend of sweetness to it, enough that it didn't overwhelm the tea base. My other 2 friends had a hot rose tea and green tea boba respectively and boy did they look just as yummy. 

Other independently owned cafes (sambalatte, holly's cuppa etc) were starting to wrap it up by 8:30pm and we were left with the more commercial chains until I realized my galpal was driving right back to the West side of town so I decided to just bring up Tea Station. 

Considering it was my first time to actually sit down and enjoy the environment, I was pretty fixated at the little frames hung on the walls with miniature tea holders, not to mention -- they had me at 'Free Wifi'! My only criticism was the service. I wish our waitresses had more knowledge about what was on their menu since there aren't any descriptions underneath item names. Also, it's important to take note that the place doesn't't start filling up till about 11pm - and this was on a Thursday night - so if you're into a more mellow vibe, I'd suggest you come early.
Worst service.... & overpriced boba.
whenever we are in vegas and need a boba fix we check this place out.  it is kinda pricey for tea, but we love it!
I always get boba here when I visit LV.  The service is fast and friendly.  The shop is clean with a ver hip feeling.  But the main reason I come here is the boba is always fresh and the perfect consistency of chewiness!
So i enjoy the food and drinks here but when seated and trying to eat the service is a bit slow. The time of day i was there was not busy at all but the employees seems pre occupied with each other. Its quicker to walk to the counter and order what you want then it is to sit and wait for them to take your order it seems. Other than that the food and drinks are awesome. I tried the yogurt green tea with boba and it was interesting and good! Not something ive ever found back home in hawaii. I think this place would do well in hawaii. The tea chicken katsu was another interesting thing but def good and somethingi havnt heard of. Def a spot ill keep coming to but most likely not to sit and eat just because the attempts ive had at seating and eating there.
Tea Station isn't a bad chain but I had such a terrible experience at this Tea Station that I had to dole out my first Yelp review below three stars. Onward we go :(. 

After being harangued by a talkative gentlemen in a complete sweatsuit in the 100 degree weather, and giving said gentlemen a dollar for his troubles, me and my companion entered the Tea Station from refuge from the heat and the gentlemen.

Our order was taken in a standard fashion with no line at the register, I ordered a milk tea with boba minus ice (the most standard or drinks) and a passionfruit green tea half sugar. 

20 MINUTES LATER, the entire place was packed (with annoyed Asians) due to the lack of drink production, and we finally received the passion fruit green tea. Why we stayed that long in the first place is a mystery, possibly attributed to my catching up on Scramble with Friends games. While asking for a status update on the drinks the employees merely noted they were coming, even though they were not.

We waited another ten minutes and my milk tea was finally produced. We left in an angered hurry at this point and once out the door I noticed that my large milk tea had but ten boba balls or so. Incredible! This place is remarkable for its failure to serve in a respectable fashion. Outrageous blaggetry! Blaggetry isn't even a word but it describes my experience here quite well.

It doesn't need to be said, but I will not be frequenting this establishment again.

Should have went to Volcano!
Man the service here is terrible! They act like they're doing you a favor by blessing you with their presence. AND their drinks are ridiculously overpriced. Makes me depressed that my best friend has to settle for their mediocre boba just because there's hardly any other places in Vegas.
It was 100+ degrees & we came here bc we wanted something cold & refreshing to cool us down.  We walk in and it feels a bit cooler (bc it wasn't 100+ degrees inside), but as we stay inside, it just gets HOT. Y'all should get a better AC or something for this place.  We ordered and waited for our drinks.  The girl brings back TWO tapioca milk teas when we ordered just one.  We tell her, she takes it back, brings another one & says that it's the tapioca milk green tea.  Okay.  We wait and wait.  4 out of 5 drinks come out (we saw her writing down each of the 5 orders).  Okay.  Soon, we decided it's time to leave so we ask the girl for our check & tell her to void the drink that we didn't receive.  She gave us this dirty look, looked at the counter, rolled her eyes, walked away to the cash register, talked to her coworker in her language, and then brought us the check.  We stayed inside bc we were waiting for our taxi to come & the girl at the register kept giving us this dirty look & was waiting for us to leave.  Finally the taxi came and we left. 

This place gets 1 star bc their tapioca milk tea & boba was bomb.  I won't be coming back unless I have no choice.
There are a LOT of tea options on their menu. The boba was good, not too mushy, and the tea wasn't overly sweet. I would like to come back the next time we are in the area to try some more of their options. My husband really liked his milk tea. They are also open really late..., staff was fairly friendly...  they didn't want to make my coconut boba tea withouth milk,( as many other places have done for me). They eventually caved, (tho they acted like it was a huge favor) and it was actually pretty good...(would have been better without the attitude). I'm giving three stars, at least until I can find a better boba place in the area.
I love coming here for their drinks.  Every time I'm in Vegas I stop by here 2-3x out of one week just to grab my favorite drink which is the Rose Green Milk Tea with Tapioca!
Tea Plan.. whoops "Tea Station" has been well established in Vegas for at least a bajillion years which makes it the OG for Asian beverages, or more appropriately the Triad of Asian beverages. 

Pro:

-It is open late as... I don't even know maybe 3am? 
-Offers extensive choices of beverages and limited entrees
-Board games and cards are present
-Orders usually come out pretty quick

Con: 

-$$$ (i.e. $5.75 for a large iced (insert flavor) tea that is 1/2 ice... ice cold man)
-Service is really inconsistent, sometimes its okay, and sometimes you'll probably hate them
- Parking here sucks. I recommend parking at the Chinatown plaza next door and walking over. 
- Skip the food, you'll thank me.
- Doesn't really promote social loitering. Must spend x amount per x length of stay

Side notes:
- Don't come here with intentions of studying, it won't happen.
- Possibility changed their policy on outside food? I ate my street tacos here last time.
SLOWEST SERVICE EVER..... 3 years later and i finally get to order.

Employee doesn't speak english that well....

EXPENSIVE $7 Large Milk tea... 

Luckily SJ only cost about $4 for a large to please my ADDICTION!
This place was HORRIBLE!! I will NEVER give my business to this place again. They give the name a SHAME!! The service was awful and the people that works there are RUDE!! Never been to any tea station that has this bad of a service. Seriously if I could report ot the people that owe this corp. I would totally report them.

The ones in LA are so much better.....if the workers in LV don't like working in servicing people in LV....then don't work....
My experience at this bubble tea place was bad!

Bubble tea: I got Lychee and the sweetness was absolutely overpowering. It was so bad, I wished they had just dumped some water in there to thin it out. I also tried strawberry and that was also too sweet. Bleh!

Boba: At first, I was delighted. The texture was great, not overly chewy or too soft. The subtle flavor was also present. BUT as the minutes passed, the boba started to freeze and instead of that black translucent color, I got light brown boba! I couldn't even bite through those freakin frozen balls. Argh! 

$$$$: Are they freakin out of their minds?? This stuff was not worth a quarter of the price! They are not realistic at all. It's not even on the strip, but they charge more for a drink than an entire meal I could get in the same complex.

Service: This was the last straw! I'm usually very patient, since I also work in customer service, but the waitress just blew me off when I asked for the bill. Doubly Bleh and Argh!

I will never stop by this place again. Okay, I'm sure they have other drinks that may be tasty, but I put a huge emphasis on customer service. Tea Station, you have lost me as a customer forever!!
Ordered a Lg Lychee green milk tea for ~7.

- Fruity. Nothing special. average.
- Expensive, then again all tea station are.
- Fast to-go service. 
- bad parking
- 75cents for water. lame. 
- side comment on egg pudding: flavorless. too clumpy.
- boba better than any i've tried in vegas so far. sad.
pretty chitty customer service. We walked in, asked a question, and the waitress pretty much blew us off. it wasnt til 5 minutes later that she came over to see what we wanted to order.

milk tea wasnt even good, and most definitely soured by the terrible customer service. the tapioca balls were too sweet and way too hard and chewy. The milk tea was also overpriced.

I will not be returning.
came to tea station for the first time last week. never been to a tea station before.
Ordered a mango frozen drink and butter toast.
This place is really popular at night and a lot of people come here to hang out with friends.
not sure if it's worth coming back to try more things but I'm open to that idea.
Lots of drinks and food to choose from. Not sure on quality.
indoor/outdoor seating. casual.
bring an open mind.
the mango black tea is yummy. also the honeydew something or other. yum.
but the service sucks, and they aren't open late night.
Being from San Diego I have always had a love for Tea Station, especially since it is a branch of Ten Ren, which is actually my favorite boba from San Francisco. (Ironically Ten Ren is one of the worst tea brands once you go back to Taiwan, but we're in the states here so come on now). 

I was hungover as shit and we needed to kill time so that traffic would die down so we decided to drop by. I got me an almond milk tea without boba and the only thing I look for when I get almond milk tea is that they don't have that powdery consistency. Too many places mess up almond milk tea. Not this place. It wasn't too sweet and it didn't taste like powder. Not very high standards to make a review but hey, I'm reviewing tea.

Only bad thing is that Tea Station usually runs more expensive than your typical boba joint so be prepared.
I think this place has potential to be amazing.  (I have a feeling my 8th grade PE coach used to say the same thing about me as I never was able to do a full pull up back then )  But anywho...  the drinks are great.  This one time I ordered an unsweetened black ice tea with boba.  But I asked the watier to put fresh lychee in it.  (This is not on the menu, and he was confused at the order, but he made it happen!)  It was delicious and the fresh lychee added a slight sweetness to the drink. 

So I have a boring life and had been talking about this drink for quite some time, and I brought a friend here to try it with me.  Another worker was there, and said I couldn't have this because there is no such thing.  I told her that I have had it before.  That didn't help my argument.  My friend thought I was crazy and I was making orders up.  So I have yet to be back, my heart will break if I can never have this amazing drink again.
I recently the Milk Slush tea, caramel flavored with boba. It was ok, nothing amazing. Great Atmosphere, Has about 10-12 tables, servers are prompt, and the drinks come out in a timely manner. They have a  huge selection of teas and food as well.  They also have hot tea, I had the star fruit black tea once. that was really good, especially when i had a sore throat.
I love their Thai Tea! Yummy!!!
The only concern I have about this place is the location. The parking here sucks! cars are constantly blocking other cars and in the past month, I've witnessed 2 hit and runs.. omg. When I go here, I usually park it next door where the 99 Ranch Market is and walk..... :)
The tapioca here are sweeter, 
milk tea taste better than most
I'm being a little generous with the rating. It's more of a 3.5 to 3.75 star rating. I rounded up :P.

The food and drink here is consistently decent. The slushes are just the right amount of sweet for me. The boba is nice and chewy with just a little hint of sweetness. I've had the mango shaved ice and green bean shaved ice as well. Both of which were really tasty.

The aspect they're really docked down on for me is the service. The workers are really inattentive to their customers when you're sitting down at a table. They don't check up on you, and sometimes you have to flag them down just to put in your order. If you're just ordering to go, they can be pretty speedy even when they're busy. But if you're sitting down, don't come in expecting they're going to be catering to you.

Oh, and the parking situation is pretty cramped. If you know you're going during peak times, you should park in the next lot over where the 99 Ranch Market is and walk over.
Tea Station is the establishment you come to when that late-night craving for almond milk tea hits at 12:37 AM and you have nowhere else to go. Guided by no apparent managers, the staff here appear to be messing around at times; they converse and laugh with each other while we wait to place our orders and also when we prepare to pay for the check. Thrice they were out of peppermint milk tea, the only order my boyfriend ever gets, and never did once offer a substitute or an apology. Going to try Volcano Tea after all the raving we've heard about that place. However horrible the service, I just know we'll keep coming back, heads down and orders to-go, only because of their late business hours.
I love their Taro milk tea with boba! It's one of my favorite places for boba in town. I haven't tried many of their flavors since I really enjoy the Taro, but I plan on venturing out and trying something different when I go again.
The boubo tea....is soso,but the food is ok... i dont want go back again..
Service here are not so great. But who is normally at a tea place for their service anyways. As for their milk tea, it was still very sweet even with 1/3 of sugar. I really wish there tea could be more stronger. Since its too light for my taste.
I've been to the Tea Station in LA which was delicious! I came to Vegas January 2012, came to this Tea Station and it reminded me so much of LA. The boba and milk tea was perfect, not too bland, not too sweet.

However, I'm not too sure what happened but in my most recent trip to Vegas, we were so excited to get our milk tea. I told my friends about this place so they were all excited to give it a try. As soon as we got up to the door, the workers opened it and started bringing their tables and chairs outside, we weren't even greeted or told politely when the store would open. The worker just blatantly and rudely told us that they are closed. Since we wanted the milk tea so bad, we waited outside in our car until they opened at 11am. Let's just say... my friends weren't satisfied.

The man who was working was very rude and giving us attitude (not too sure if it was on purpose or if that was just his fob accent). Their milk tea was extremely sweet. We all drank less than 1/3 of our drinks and thew it away. 

They used to serve Taiwanese milk tea (which was what I was expecting).. instead, we got Korean milk tea which was way too sweet for our taste. I won't be back. The only Tea Station I'll be going to is the one in LA.
The past few visits have been subpar in service and not so friendly so visits have become far less. I haven't been in a long while and last night just did me into not going here. 

BF and I both ordered our own taro smoothie with pudding. When the guy was scooping into our cups he didn't fill it all the way and once the product sank to the bottom where the pudding was it was more than 1/4th not filled. There was a ton of smoothie left and instead he dumped it all out! I don't get that. Scrooge the customer and waste product. 

Then when it came to pay, it was $15something (w/o tip).... for two drinks!

Their prices definitely has gone up since the last time I was here and it was already on the high side compared to competitors. It's too much to ask for milk, ice, taro powder and pudding. It's busy because it's the trendy Asian late night thing to do....

I'm going to look for a different place. I may not be able to have late night boba, but oh, wellsies. I can deal.
This is the place to go for bubble tea "taiwanese style" in Vegas!  I'm sure if you drive around town, you will see many many many bubble tea shops, but of all the ones I've been to, Tea Station has to be the most consistent to that Taiwanese flavor some of us yearn for! =)  

I kind of swayed away from the bubbles and moved on to getting the custard pudding with my milk tea.  What?!  You never tried it?!  YOU MUST!  It is ohhhh soooo delicious!!  

I'd have to say, some of the workers there are pretty rude, and I don't know if it's a culture thing, but being a native speaker, I just had to talk in a demanding way to get what I needed in a quick way (haha).  You Taiwanese people know what I'm talking about!  (To the Americans, it may seem rude, but not in Asia! xP)  

As for the food, I have yet to try it.
I've frequent this Tea Station multiple times, and sad to say the service has been going down hill, while prices have gone up.  And the last couple of times when being rung up, the amount was incorrectly high in favor of them.  I can understand people make mistakes once in a while, but this is a bit too consistent, makes me think it's being done on purpose.  Hate to think how many people unknowingly got charged extra.
Still my fav boba spot...

Only updating since I have been trying a lot of their food and snacks.

Can't go wrong with the squid balls, taro balls, and sweet potato balls...I guess if it is in ball shape, it is good here!  LOL

The butter toast here is also good, and I have tried some of the desserts.

Good place to hang out...order a drink or two, have a snack, and enjoy.
I have a dream, that one day I will get the right drink.  The time before last, I ordered a large coffee which came in a bucket size cup.   It was 110 degrees outside and the hot drink made me sweat like a marathon runner on his/her last mile.    This last time, I ordered a strawberry drink that was so sweet that if I added 1/2 cup of sugar, it would taste no different.   However, aside from my bad selections, my friend's drinks were great and the mango ice was refereshing.   So I cannot mark it down for my bad choices.  I will continue with my dream to order accordingly and will soon return.   By the way, do not order the plum/grass ice, it taste as good as it sounds.
I was in the area and decided to grab a boba drink since I haven't had any since leaving Orange County.  

I guess since I was spoiled by OC's variety of boba shops, just wasn't the same.  I didn't find anything special/interesting on the menu or that stood out.  Overall, the service was very nice and the place had plenty of tables.  Sad to say for parking.. Place is packed with many stores sharing the same lot and it gets pretty crowded during certain hours.  My drink came out and what was expected; wasn't too bad nor impressing. I'll have to try a few more places around the area to really see where Tea Station stands.

Side note: parking is a pain.
I love using this place as a meeting spot to chat and eat. This Taiwanese restaurant is pretty good and I love their Boba tea drinks. Their Bobas are pretty fresh not rubbery and chewy like other places.. I have been going to this place since high school, and would chill and relax here on the weekends play cards  and socialize. The reason why i gave this 3 star is because their service sucks. They take forever to take your order or to clean up, they don't check on you..Then again what Asian restaurant ever gives good service.  So Im pretty use to it.. I give it a 3 1/2 star too bad Yelp does not do 1/2s.. hehe I would still go back here it's a great place to chill and socialize while grabbing some food and drinks that are pretty good. Just don't expect good service. I highly recommend getting the passion fruit tea and for the food get the pork chops.
This is a place for a certain type of person. This type of person must not care about service, blood sugar levels, comfort, or feeling welcome in general. Let me explain.

Service - there is no service.

Blood sugar levels - I'm sorry, you have diabeetus. They empty one bag of sugar per drink, I'm pretty sure.

Comfort - ok, I'm not asking for lavish cushions, but isn't it time to get some better chairs and cushions that aren't worn, and worn, and worn again?

Are you welcome? Meh. Maybe. Not if you stay longer than 45 minutes. Especially if you have a bunch of people with you.

I will say this to their credit - they have a large menu of drinks, some items you can only get from them. That's cool I guess. Too bad everything else sucks. But you can avoid most of those things by just getting your drink to go. Just maybe tell them easy on the sugar bags.
I love sweets but their drinks are too sweet. I recommend asking for your drinks with easy sugar or no sugar. I ordered the rose milk tea no sugar and it was
Fabulous. Every other time they pump too much syrup or sugar up a milk tea too much. I know now to just order with no additional sugar.
Service was better this time around. Even if it is crappy I still think its the best boba I've had.
Got my fix of their Boba Milk Tea, delish as usual !!!!  But tried something new, Passion fruit Shaved Ice w/ lychee, sooo good!!!!  Can't wait to try the other flavors!!!!
Its good, service sucks. I wanted mango over shaved ice, a item listed seasonal on the menu, the waiter told me they do not have it.... Hmmm ok, I go with my back up since the mango is labeled seasonal. I order strawberry over shaved ice.... They dont have that either lol. Some one forgot to go fruit shopping I guess.  I wish the waiter would of told me what they did have since that list seemed shorter then what they did not have. I ended up with red bean over rice, it was good but interesting. They also gave my friend the wrong drink, we didn't want to complain, just wanted to pay our bill and leave, but it was hard to track anyone down that  worked there. Overall not too fun.
My gal pal and I decided to stop here after dinner to get a boba drink. I had not been here previous and was a bit nervous as to what I should order. I was praying that I did not order a boba drink that I may not like and that would be disappointing.

Luckily I finally decided on the rose milk with boba after reviewing the menu which has a lot of beverage options.

My drink was the perfect amount of sweet and I truly enjoyed it which was really like a perfect dessert after just having ramen for dinner.

The prices are for sure high for what you get, my "small" rose milk with boba was 5.75 which is more expensive than my favorite "large" drink at Starbucks, ouch!!!

I will be back after I hit the Lottery or a Vegas Jackpot so that way I can order a large drink to enjoy!
Took a star cause it's a bit pricey. I'm from LA, and usually boba and slushies are only like $2.50, but I guess that's just me. And if you end up getting more than just drinks, you end up getting a nice bill too. 

But, none-the-less, still love this place, and love getting their shaved ice, and their ice jellie drinks (PASSION FRUIT!). Great sip during the summer, have yet to see what i'm going to order during the winter months ;) Maybe i'll try that giant toast that they have :))
The quality of food and rinks here has declined considerably. Before the initial impact of Asian restaurants was brand new, the quality at his location was up to par. You can tell they had the energy to launch with high ambitions and a competitive spirit. 

Now, considering that quite a lot of Asians from this town would sit down anywhere that's got a Taiwanese or Chinese name and menu indiscriminately, it's no wonder that once money starts flowing in, complacency kicks in, as well.
Love the taro milk tea with boba.. Huge menu, hot or cold, and food.
I only gave it 4 stars because every time I go in there, the service is extremely awful. You sit there waiting for your bill, I'm sure you could walk out without them noticing.. It's kind of sad.
The only reason I keep going back is because I like the atmosphere and there are so many yummy flavors to try on the menu.
I've been wanting to hit this place up for AGES, but as we pass by after eating ramen, my male always says, "No, you already tea, you don't need more," and steers me away to the car. 
Out and about with one my girlies, and we finally stopped here for a drink. 
Holy Crapballs, this place was expensive! I mean, almost 6 bucks for a small iced green tea boba? It's just a bit much. 
The positives: huge menu of every kind of tea I can think of, and at least a hundred more that I can't. Polite enough service, and the tea was REALLY good. 
Definitely not a good place for a nice cheap treat though.
I changed my two-star rating to a three-star rating because upon reflection...I really do like their teas. However, their service leaves much to be desired. Rarely do I ever feel less welcomed in a restaurant. They're lucky they have such good drinks or else I would be tempted to leave this place and NEVER LOOK BACK! Never look back, I say! The drinks are a bit pricey, but I can't really find any other milk teas around here that taste as good ;T
I have Been going to this place since high school and the food and drinks have never disappointed, you got to try the Spicy pork chop if you want a bit to eat or the Taro snow ice if you want a smooth sweet drink! Both are awesome!
I ordered a simple tea egg minced pork rice and it took 45 mins for my foo to show up. I had to follow up with a server (who was busy chatting away with other servers) and he seemed surprised that there was such an item on the menu! 

The order comes in individual bowls/plates for each item. For some reason.. I felt like either they ran out of ingredients or that they shorted my serving size. My minced pork barely filled half the bowl.

No one checked on us during the meal so my 8 oz cup of water sat empty for over half the time.

It sucks that this is one of the few Taiwanese places available on Vegas. I would not recommend tea station to anyone looking a hassle free meal!!
This place is great for having a quick lunch or just to hang out. 

Although I'm not a big fan of their customer service or for how long they take to bring out your order, their drinks and food are enough to keep me coming. 

If you're a fan of fruit team (like I am), their Caribbean Fruit tea is a good start. Not too sweet and not bitter.

One of my favorite meals to order is their tea flavored teriyaki eel. I love how it comes with soup and three small dishes because it's always something healthy and I always feel full every time.
Like that you can choose how much sugar you can have in your drink.
Do they have good Boba? Yes

Is it overpriced? Yes

Are they rude? Yes and yes

Two stars for the fact that it is good boba but it is a pain to get it and you pay a lot for it.
I like the drinks that Teastation offers, but I definitely would not pay the price for regular drinks like boba milk tea or other simple boba drinks, for that I'd rather head out to the other many boba places in town with cheaper prices and portion.
BUT I do come here for the Red bean grass jelly drink, which is incomparable to other places that have offered it.
Food is okay. Sometimes the side dishes that comes with the meals aren't what said as in the the menu. But the portion of the meals is pretty decent. A good place for lunch, or a hangout with snacks.
The only reason I don't like coming here is the extremely slow service if you're at a table. If you want the server to notice you you better be loud and clear to them, because they will walk past you and chit-chat with their other co-workers.
They're only fast when you order drinks to go.
The place gets extremely busy in the late hours, as a lot of college students come here to hang out.
High hopes for an amazing experience, but it turned out to be mediocre. Went on a Friday night. Parking was a pain in the butt. Not enough spaces. The interior was well decorated. Was really busy. I only saw three employees: guy behind counter and two girls working the floor. Both girls wore budges that said "trainee". They were too busy to seat us, so we grabbed our own table. They have a rule, each guest must spend at least $4 every 3 hours. apparently they have a problem with people sitting up there all night without spending money. We ordered an appetizer of wontons. They were okay, not amazing. Main dish was soup with tea flavored noodles and beef. Was okay, not amazing. We could not taste the tea. We finished with a large green tea boba. We had such high hopes, but it was mediocre as well. We ordered two glasses of ice water right after sitting down. I asked for the waters at least three more times. They served one glass for me and my wife. I had to ask for the second glass and they eventually brought the second glass. The waters finally arrives after all the other items were served. Way under staffed. Do they ignore water orders on purpose to encourage ordering their premium beverages? There were people waiting for a table, but the servers were too busy to ring us out. After waiting for a long time I grabbed a server and drug her over to the register. Overall, the place was okay, not amazing. Food and drinks were mediocre. Way under staffed.
I love the drinks here! The best in town, and I have been to quite a few.  Pretty pricey, if you ask me. But sooo Good. Love  the hot taro milk tea:) 
The only reason, I didn't give 5 stars is because of the service. Sometimes they were very good and kind and other times they are just down right rude! Most of them can't speak English so it is difficult to understand and you have to get their attention to order or they will never go up to you. For the most part, I don't have an issue when I go there. 


A story: My bf were doubling dating with my sis and her bf. After dinner, we decided to come here. Everyone was stuffed, so my sister and I each ordered hot tea. We just wanted to relax and talk. The place was not busy at all. There were many open tables. The guy serving us said that if we wanted to dine in, each of us had to order something that was 4 dollars or more!! Seriously?! What kind of policy is that?? I go to this place so much and have never heard of such a thing. Long story short, we ended up ordering more things because I wanted the tea! lol But he was very rude to us after I tried telling him I never heard of  that rule before.  I wonder if anyone has had this problem?


so if you willing to forget about the service (once in a while) Then go try out some awesome boba!!!
In all honesty I do not know why my friends and I always come here whenever we visit Vegas. The service is horrible, price jacked up, and taste not as good as the drinks in SoCal. Why do I even put up with paying $4+ on a boba milk tea? Ugh

Maybe my friends are just obsessed with boba and cannot leave it behind for even a weekend. Since this was the first boba place we discovered in Vegas we have an affinity for this wrenched establishment. 

1 star for quality. 1 star for familiarity. That is all. Please let us find another boba joint that is legit for our Vegas trips!
Drinks here are really good the only thing that bothers me is their service. Every time I go the waiters are always really rude and I always forget that you must order at least $10.00 worth of food and beverages to use your debit/credit card. I never carry cash so this is very annoying to me. The food here is not the best I would recommend you stick to their beverage menu and go eat somewhere else in Chinatown.
I had never been to Tea Station, but have pased it many time in China town over the years. I like Tea, I am not a fam of Boba so much.. but I figured maybe I would give it a try based on some friends that wanted to drop in. 

I had a green tea Boba.. nothing wrong with it.. tasted like hardcore green tea (which I really like) and then some Boba. Maybe I don't have the finer palate required to .. drink.. slurp.. chew? Boba? lol.. Someday I am sure will go back and try something else.. for now my curiosity is satisfied. 

The other guests in the place seemed to really liek it.. and the staff was prompt and energetic.. lol.
I suggest that if you have terrible service then you better have rock star boba to make up for it. 

Unfortunately for Tea Station, this isn't the case. Boba is okay. Their coffee ice cream with is good for you java lovers. The rest of their menu is simply okay as well. Their tea boiled eggs satisfies a salty craving. Their toasts are bit on the dry side. The only upside to this place is that they're open late and it's convenient to hang out after a delicious dinner somewhere in Chinatown. 

To-go service is a joke. You might as well come in, sit down, have a grand ol' time and leave. You stand around with a looking like a deer in the headlights while the servers ignore you or give you the dreadful finger telling you to "hold on". But then again, you might not want to sit down because it'll take them forever to come to your table. And then when you come to your table they're really rude. I always feel rushed to order. They don't explain things well. 

I'm not the one to complain. I have a lot of patience. Takes a lot to put me over the edge. Kudos to you, Tea Station. You have done just that.
I've been going to this place for years.  Buried in the heart of China town, it offers some of the best teas in town.  I've always brought friends in to try the hot taro milk tea and boba.  A friend of mine so lovingly calls it "cookie tea".  I recommend it to every one.

They have a strange atmosphere, but sometimes I think you have to be willing to blend.  Just like visiting a different country, going into a restaurant with a different culture can be an experience.  I think this is what all the reviews are talking about when they mention the service.  Are they friendly?  No.  Are they accommodating?   Certainly not.  Do they try to be?  Not at all.  And I can respect that.

So long as they serve up quality tea I can't find elsewhere, I'll be back.
don't get their teas less sweet.
tastes like water.
i still like their coconut milk tea, lavender milk tea.
they have a special for $3.50 on regular or green milk tea right now.
I had the strawberry pudding boba tea. It was pretty good. Not too sweet. I wanna go back and try more flavors.
I'll make this simple...
This place is a shame. I don't understand; their main business is to serve tea and yet the tea is bad?
Stopped by this place picking up Boba milk tea. we stopped in because we went up stairs at Crown Bakery to pickup some pastries to bring back and wanted a nice dessert drink.

The place overall is nice and clean, service was quick & fast. I really like my Milk tea because it had a very strong tea flavor. Some places, you can't even taste the tea. Wish it was a little bit sweeter though. The boba was cooked perfectly how i Liked it.

price on the other hand was a little bit much for what I pad. I probably won't be coming back here in the future.
service could be better, or maybe i am used to service back in 626?

tea was alright, too much ice.
The tea here is very good. Particularly the Jasmine blossom tea which is a flower that opens up at the table in a see thru pot. My only complaint is that the wait staff at night time is much better than the day staff. Also, it is much less crowded during the night so after 8 pm is honestly premium.
Best Milk Tea and Boba in the US. Winner.
I'll start by saying we didn't eat here, we just wanted refreshments on a hot day!  The place is cute, clean and I would've thought about going back to have something to eat if ever in the area.  

But, their service is horrible - absolutely rude and condescending.  If you are able to make out what they are saying . . . I don't speak Chinese so perhaps that's on me, but I didn't realize that's what it took.  There were two females at the counter when we walked up and one just looked at us (yes, we were clothed, yes, we were clean, and yes, we smiled when we walked in) and the other said, "what u like?"  Whoa, wait a minute!  The bartender kept looking at me, but never smiled and never offered to help, much less mutter a "hello".  Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!! 

I had a Green Tea Boba Tea and my daughters and their friend had strawberry and passion fruit snow ice, that also was tasty and they said it was yummy.  I am pretty sure fresh fruit is used as the mango snow ice is deemed 'seasonal' and it wasn't available as that is typically a summer fruit.  My tea was good, but not enough to bring me back to bad service.  There's no excuse, there are many other tea houses in the area.  Call me spoiled . . .
I would give a 2.5 I went here when it was stupid busy, hard to find parking, went I got inside it was super toasty, like I felt so hot I couldn't think, the music was to loud for me, made it hard to think to, I eventually choose some random drink, cause I was so hot. Then left.
I don't like that you can't just hang out here, you have to actually make a purchase of a minimum of $5 or they kick you out. Overall, cute little tea place that's open until 2am.
This is my second time coming here and I dont  plan coming back. Although the drinks are delicious, the service is the worst. My friends and I were only allowed 40 minutes to order even though there was still an hour left on the clock. Our waiter spent half of our 40 minutes ignoring us. After finally getting his attention and order we tells us they're out of boba. What?! I work at a boba place in California and we will make boba or any drink even if it is 5 minutes before closing. Our customers are very important to us and are given great service, it makes them happy and more likely to come back.  I wasn't able to finish my taro slushy so I asked a waitress nearby if I could have a to go cup, and I'm not lying my friend Lia noticed this as well, the waitress rolls her eyes, flipped her head and makes a sound. I was like woah! JUST BEYOND RUDE! Although this place has convenient hours in las Vegas' Chinatown and yummy drinks, this place really doesn't know the meaning of customer appreciation and good service.
Terrible/Awkward setup.
Drinks taste "old" and stale.
Prices are high compared to other spots.

Redeeming factor is the glassware if you get your drink "for here" (yeah I'm fancy).
I wouldn't go back.
The service is so bad, I never even got to order, so I can't comment on the food or drinks. Twenty minutes and no one bothered to take our order.
You can tell the tea isn't fresh. It tastes like it's been sitting there all day. Compared to their other branches, this one doesn't compare. The service is not up to par because the waiters/waitresses tend to talk amongst themselves sometimes and end up ignoring the customers. I only go there because they use the Ten Ren branded tea. Even though they offer free Wi-Fi, it never works. They always tells us it's down. The price is more expensive too.
It's the second time I've walked out of this place. Every time i come here the service has gotten worse. When it's been 20mins and you're still waiting on someone to take your order, it's time to leave. It's not cause they were busy. They were just chit chatting with each other and on their cell phones. When other groups come in later and they get to take their orders before you. Yeah. Don't think I'll be dining here much more. Granted their tea is good. Only reason why they still get stars from me.
When I walked in with my friend, nobody was there and the waitresses chose to ignore us. We ordered our drinks and my drink came out very bitter so I asked for more syrup in there. The tea maker literally took of my lid and squeezed in the syrup. He seemed so mad and unwillingly to do anything even though he had nothing to do. When we left, everyone chose to ignore us once again and continued to chat away.  Horrible service.
The blend of the tea was perfect.  You don't taste the powder of the tea and the boba is boiled to perfection.
The only reason I give this place 3 stars is because the quality and selection of tea. I absolutely have despised the service here for the past 10 years! YES, 10 years. I've been going here since I was a high schooler and NO, the service has never gotten better. Obviously I still come here but I suggest to only order TO GO.
Boba and food is good, but the service is terrible. Been going here for 4 years and it hasn't changed.
I don't know if we go up and order or what? When we walked in, it was a little busy.  It was EDC weekend so there were a lot of people that looked like they were stopping by to get some Boba.  

We easily were able to seat ourselves at an available table.  It look like there were about 2 servers on the floor.  Let me tell you, they kept passing us up and even served other tables that sat down after us.  It was probably a good 15 minutes before they recognized we had no menus.  That was until we finally said, "Umm, yes we are here, can we get menus?"  

I ordered a hot medium cup of mango tea.  It was really delicious.  Overly priced, for sure.  It was $4 for a cup of tea.  Good tasting tea, but not knock my socks off let me spend another $4 for a cup of tea.  

eeeeh, I've definitely had better service and tea.
Visited this Tea Station for the first time in Vegas. Came here for an quick lunch before heading home.

The food- Microwave, microwave and more microwave.. If they were not microwaved, they must be really good making their food taste like microwaved food.... The drink is ok... Taste very watered down.... 

The service- what service? We came in right after they opened, NOBODY was in the store, we still had to stand for aobut 5 min before anyone achnowledged us.... After seating, the table and chairs are sticky.... The waitress spoke English which we couldn't undertand, but the accent is obvious China-ish. So we started speak Mandarin to her. Of course the service is still not better.. Obvious this store is run by people from China.. which has no service concept at all....When to go the cold drink, they gave us a styrofoam cup...I asked why don't you guys use paper cup for more environmental friendly or plastic cup at least we can recycle... The answer is because it cost cheaper for them....

Not a good business practice.
Wows, Tea Station. Your milk tea is expensive. As is your food. The milk teas are good though; I really have no complaints about it other than the price. 

This place is also open late, which is a plus because sometimes you just don't want fast food late at night! 

The tables are really oddly set up, and they really need to figure out a system with their "To-Go" and "Dine-In" people. Also, where the cash register is located is really odd as well, it's really an inconvenience if you're sitting at that table behind it! 

Sit against the wall, but not near the door on cold nights!
I've had some great tea and food from Tea Station. The Rose Milk Tea w/ Boba is a must as is the Strawberry Jelly Ice. I'd also recommend the Sweet Butter Toast for a snack. The stuff is legitimately some of the best you'll have.

Now I have to explain why I take a star off. The staff is kind but they take a very long time to serve you. Perhaps it's a cultural thing that I am ignorant of, but the staff prioritizes everything over the dine-in patrons. You're better off ordering to-go and sitting down in the restaurant. 

Overall 3 1/2 stars. I am a repeat customer here, so it's worth visiting.
Thai tea - bolba..good stuff.  Bonus that's it's open really late because I work graveyards.  I'll definitely hit this place up at least once a week!!!!
I think I am in between 3 and 4 stars. Service is 3 stars, but their milk tea boba's are amazeballs and deserve 5star from me! Love it!
I got an almond milk tea and it was WAY too sweet. The prices are also pretty high.
Their boba is delicious but service could really improve. Not quite attentive or friendly, especially when it gets a little crowded. 

I suggest the Matcha Green Tea w/ Boba. Comes with a generous amount of green tea ice cream on top of your actual drink.
I bring my Gf here once or twice a month, we have sort of a tradition to go here and order a large thai tea boba in the glass mugs. We sort of found out that the boba tastes sweeter when in the glass mug opposed to the plastic to-go cup, don't know if it really is a difference aha, but we think so.

Inside is ok, can be full at times and you may have to stand or wait for a seat, customer service is average sometimes slow but we don't mind.
Late review.
Will not be going to this place again.  Not a fan.  I ordered simple Milk Tea w/ boba.  Some boba was not soft and chewy, but hard.  The milk tea tasted like sugar water. I even had my daughter taste it since it's her FAVORITE kind of drink and she didn't even want it.
Not as great as the boba tea back home in L.A but good enough for when I come to vegas.  I did think they were a little pricey though but I love boba so this will be my vegas spot and their open late!. Matcha milk was really good and I tried the honey dew one also really good my son got the passion fruit smoothie which I also really really enjoyed even though it was really sweet., but I was confused a little about the place though it looks like a order and leave  type of place  I guess it's also a restaurant and they don't really have an area to stand for to go orders so you feel like you're in the way. Oh! and  and the parking... is terrible.
great boba but customer service is not as good.
had a friend come here and got a wrong order for a drink when there was only two of us. but great boba.
So happy..i Can have milk tea at vegas. Lol
Our drinks tasted fine, however i am here for the service. or lack there of.

There were about eight of us and we all ordered different drinks with different sugar levels. The girl taking our order did a fine job with that - she didn't mix anything up. Once they handed us our drinks, it was a different story. Let me ask you this; if a group orders a bunch of different drinks, wouldn't it be common sense to label the cups so that they know which is which? When we asked her which drinks were which, she took a "guess" and then told us "why don't you just sip each cup and then you will know" - I've never had anyone tell me that at a Tea Station and trust me, i've been to plenty. 

I will gladly donate a box of sharpies for them to write down the names if needed.

& don't even get me started on the whole stamp card policy.
This is one of Tea Stations small locations but it meets the standard of any Tea Station I have been to. The employees were nice and remembered who ordered what drinks. I ordered a large Thai Tea with boba to-go. It tasted like I expected it to.
There's another tea station in Northern California where I am from that is very busy and popular. So I decided to give this location a try since it's something familiar. WORST DECISION. It took us ten minutes to order because apparently the cashier doesn't know enough English. When it came to my turn to order, the cashier kept asking me unnecessary questions and confusing my order as well. Seriously? It should be straight forward when I am reading from the menu and telling you exactly what I want-milk tea with pearls regular size. How complicated is that?.....we will not be coming back. It seems like everyone that was inside at the time was only there to take advantage of their free wifi.....
Its Tea Station.. The ambience is that of a coffee shop but less douche-y. They have games but many pieces are missing. We order boba it comes out quick but its not cold which is  a little disappointing for me. Their boba was on a shortage so when my friend asked for extra she was told with a firm maybe depending on supply it was still relatively early so that was kind of disappointing. She did however end up getting extra boba. So score one for us. The waitress wasn't paying attention so one of us got a regular drink when she in fact ordered a large. Nothing here majorly off putting but small little nuisances throughout. I'm not in a rush to return to tea station but i'm not opposed to it either. Its still a nice place to sit and enjoy boba, just dont expect to be wow'd.
Okay so I've been to Tea Station very many times and have probably adapted to their style of service. Sometimes they are understaffed, but I prefer to go in the daytime when it's not too busy because parking can get pretty terrible. There's also the option of getting a couple drinks to go. If you come with a group, they do expect most of your group to buy something. I also believe there is a $10 credit card minimum (before tip), so if you don't plan on spending that much be sure to bring cash. This place is also fairly overpriced for both food and drinks. We've tried a couple of the small food dishes, but I don't believe they are worth the price you pay.

Regardless of all this, we've returned time and time again because they do make great drinks! I've been to multiple similar restaurants and have not found many that make perfectly flavorful and frothy Thai Tea as the one I buy at Tea Station. I've also tried at least 15 different drinks here (iced tea, hot tea, snow ice, etc.) and have yet to feel disappointed.

So in summary, I would suggest that you only come here for drinks and try your best to avoid busy hours. But I really don't think this place is as bad as many of these reviews make it out to be. As a side note, I've actually been to a Tea Station in California where the restaurant had a much better setup and improved customer service. I definitely preferred the California TS, but for now I don't really mind the troubles of attending this one.
Oh Tea Station, where shall I begin? You and I were pretty good friends when we started to get to know each other, but then like an abusive ex gf, you started showing your bad points really quickly. I have been going to this place for months but after sampling other boba tea places around the area, I now know there are better places where customers are actually treated with respect. Why do I have to bring up respect when talking about a cafe? Because it has all to do with service. Or lack thereof in this case. 

There are two wait staff members here, a boy and a girl, who always seem to be giving not only me but other customers a hard time when ordering drinks. I even experimented different ways to order drinks (Pointing to the drinks on the drink counter, speaking slowly and enunciating each word, learning Taiwanese (Okay, maybe not the last one but I might as well have)) to lower the aggravation or pissy meter off of these wait staff members. Nothing works. They will often get annoyed or angry that you can't get your order right the first time. I have worked front of the house in cafes before larger than this establishment and I have not once showed signs the level of discontent or disrespect these guys show. It's gotten from me being embarrassed thinking I made a mistake to being embarrassed that they don't know how to do customer service. Probably the only constructive criticism I can say is to retrain these two wait members or get a touch screen so you can punch in your own orders to save time, money, and customers. 

But enough of the bad, the good is that their drinks are consistently good and there are some very good helpful members of their team like the older pudgy guy who usually mixes the drinks or the young short girl who always seem happy to have a job.

I would give this place one star if it wasn't for the consistency of their food and drinks. Remember, people will go out to eat at places with good food and drink but they will only comeback if there is good service to match.

My advice? Why take the abuse? Try Volcano Tea House or Fresh Cup down the street. At least they won't chastise you for messing up your order or nag you on it.
Service was slow... We were standing at the register for like 15 minutes and no one even acknowledged us!  We ordered the Taro and Almond Boba and it was nothing special!
Tea was not bad. However service just fail everytime i visit. They either got my drink wrong n argued it was my fault or made me wait for my drinks when actually my order was not passed to the one preparing the drink. N it so happened that whenever i was facing these problems, there were also customers facing problems n asking for refunds. The staffs needa work out a better system.
This place has horrible service! That's straight to the point! Never coming here again!!!! Not worth the aggravation!!
$5 for cup of boba tea is a bit pricy but it's pretty good. Quality over quantity.
Caution: This place discriminates against Caucasians. My son and I purchased our drinks and sat down to enjoy. Not even 5 minutes later an Asian waitress in glasses came to our table and asked us to leave saying the seating is limited and was needed for other customers. My son and I were the only Caucasians in this place. There were other Asians seated when we entered the store and no one asked any of them to leave. Clearly there was preferential treatment. I have never been so humiliated in my life. This establishment should be ashamed for its outrageous practices.
authentic taiwanese milk tea boba! 

i love the jasmine green milk tea here, it tastes just like taiwan's :) i recently tried the food here too and it was pretty good! 

there's usually a ton of taiwanese people here either dining in or picking up to-go, the workers here are mostly taiwanese too or chinese. overall, the service is quick and easy and the place is comfortable and clean. i can see myself bringing my laptop and having lunch by myself here. 

the only thing i don't like is they charge additional fee when you order to-go. wtf? 

but other than that, i recommend this place.
It's a little busy but a cool spot. I dig the vibe...casual. Ordered the Rose Milk Tea and its amazing! Also, the fried won tons...yum!
My drink was actually okay and I can't complain about that.  My issue with them is that they will not stamp your stamp card unless you pay using a gift card. WTF kind of stupid policy is that!  Maybe LA and Vegas have different policies but I know for sure the multiple Tea Stations do not have that policy.  

Other thoughts, boba wasn't as chewy as I like it to be.  The Taro bbtea was EXTREMELY powdery and was the worst that I've had. Maybe it was a one time thing but I wont be coming back to find out.
Service here is horrible. Food is good. But I get so upset with the servers at times. They're neglectful, slow, and a bit rude. Try Number 1 Boba instead (inside the mall next door) or Wendy's (not the fast food joint) down the road on Jones.
I really don't like this place. Their service is so terrible. They always give me an attitude, and they're oh so rude. The only reason I come here is my friends like some of their drinks. I don't want to be a picky snob and insist we go somewhere else. I'll never have a day where I'll be like, "hey, let's go to tea station!" Icy juicy will provide a much better service.
Stopped by today for a quick grab of Boba tea for the first time, but will not be coming back.  I had the toughest time ordering my drink because she did not speak much English, after about 5 minutes of trying to order a simple tea drink with boba, I left.  No one  bothered to step in to help her out.
The food is alright along with the drinks. My friends and I like to come here to catch up and hang out and for the boba.  I think what bothers me the most is the terrible service. The staff is always hanging out in the counter talking the day away. I've been coming here for years now and as the years go by the service gets worst every time. I've had to get up from my table a few times just to their attention. It just makes not want to come back
I dont normally post any reviews for anything. As a matter of fact i even forgot my password to my yelp acct. The service is so fcken shitty here i actually went through the resetting of password process to post this.
I wish I could give zero stars. This place is such a joke. They have HORRIBLE customer service & overpriced food/drinks. I came in last night for some milk tea because I was next door at Zizzy & it was more convenient than driving 5 mins to Icy Juicy. Big mistake. I should have just driven further away for cheaper milk tea & better customer service. 

Anyways, I came in to place an order to go & stood at the counter for about 10 mins as 2 employees ran around like chickens with their heads cut off. Only 1 acknowledged me & said "sorry for the wait" but still proceeded to help everyone sitting at the tables instead of the line at the counter.This isn't even the first time I've encountered their crap service. Definitely won't be back. 

For cheaper food & boba check out Volcano Tea in the next plaza or Icy Juicy on Jones & DI!!
I try to avoid this place as much as I can. Although I am in love with their Rose Milk Tea with grass jelly, I cannot stand how terrible their customer service is. One time it took them 30 minutes to get our orders after being seated. RIDICULOUS right? I guess if you have all the time in the world and you don't mind getting your order in an hour then this is the place for you.
I made a Yelp account just so I could review this place and warn other people how HORRIBLE this place is. First of all, the drinks tasted like they were made with powder. Gross. Second, the boba was so hard I couldn't eat them. Also, when we ordered, we specifically said "To Go" but they gave us the glass cups instead. So when we clarified the second time it was to go, they gave us plastic cups and told us to pour it out ourselves. Also, after seating us, and after being seated for about fifteen minutes, the waiter then told us to get up and move down because he needed to seat other guests. I was tired of the lousy customer service so we got up to pay, and we stood in front of the register for a good ten minutes while the waiters just kept walking past us. One of them even bumped into me. NEVER EVER EVER coming back here. It is way over priced. Spent $50 for the WORST customer service experience I've ever had. That's $50 I'm never going to get back. If I could, I would give this place no stars at all. They are so rude. DO NOT COME HERE! Go to Icy Juicy down the street, it is much much better. This place is ridiculous.
Although it is really nice to be able to eat and drink stuff from Tea Station while visiting Las Vegas, this location can work on Its cleanliness.

We got beef stew to go, and the soup and food was pretty good.  I had to skip out on the tapioca drink, but my friends enjoyed theirs.  

The downside was that I had to use their restroom, and the restroom was dirty all over.  There was not even any toilet paper in sight - not even in their opened storage cabinet.  The "soap dispenser" was a poorly opened huge commercial-sized jug that you have to lift and pour soap out of.  It was not a pleasant experience, and yet I felt that the bathroom is something they could easily spruce up.

So come to eat and drink here, but try to avoid using the ladies' room!
you are way way wrong on the prices, you must be filty rich! a cup of nasty-ass Jasmine tea that tastes like sewer water is friggin $6.00. Everything is way way too expensive, this joint is ripping Asians off blind. Although the service is impeccable, and quick, tables are cleaned immediately, and customer service is great, This is what you are paying for!!!!   Lots of 18 and 19year olds standing around the counter to go-orders, lots of older couples cheating on their lovers 'under the radar'  be afraid be very afraid....
I don't think I chose the right tea that day.  I chose an iced mango tea and it was okay.  I do like that you can hang out in this place.  There's a good amount of seats to chillax with friends, which is what we did for almost two hours.  I would definitely have to go back and try more stuff because their menu is extensive.
Worst service ever. 
Food/tea is mediocre to terrible. 
Not sure how this place stays open.

...Best thing about this TS is the outside seating and location.
After dinner,  I went here since I had a violent craving for boba tea. It quickly became an impromptu UYE when a few fellow Yelpers arrived. They have more room here than most boba tea places I've been to.

They have interesting items on the menu but since we already ate, I only had room for boba tea. I couldn't decide what I wanted: lavender, rose, Thai or something else. My original choice (lavender milk tea, I believe) can only be served hot so I went with Thai milk tea with boba.

The black balls were warm, soft and chewy. The flavor on the Thai tea was just right. It's about $5 for a medium and about $6.25 for a large milk tea but a certain person hooked me up since it was my first time at Tea Station.

The only concern I have is the parking. Let's all hold hands and be thankful I wasn't driving that night.
I used to come here a lot. It sucks that I did, but it was convenient and the shaved ice was very traditional Chinese/Taiwanese style, which I craved for. However, Tea Station's ill-mannered service and absurd prices bring this place down to 2 stars. I would give them 1, but it's not like I've found a hair in my food.

1) Service: I don't know what it is with the attitudes of these girls, but it seems like they wake up on the wrong side of the bed every morning. If food service isn't for you, find a new job. Don't expect us to deal with your unpleasant attitudes; it truly ruins the dining experience.
2) Food: Mediocre at best, yet they charge ~$8 for a tea and has a $5 "sit down" price? What is that?

Don't waste your time here. There are much better places around Chinatown to satisfy your boba/shaved ice cravings.
Tea Station is reminiscent of Ten Ren's in NYC. Their lychee green tea is just as good. I had the lychee snow ice two days in a row :)
Best boba in vegas! However their prices are a little outrageous. The staff has never been overly rude to me, but their customer services skills can sometimes be lacking. Saying that, the gentleman that greeted me as I walked in the door the other day was pleasant and I think it was the first time I was ever greeted.
The food and tea is always spot on! Definitely a hidden gem. The only reason I would give it 3 stars is because of the staff. Possibly understaffed and they Always seem to be a little confused.
Service is really bad.  I do not recommend everybody to come.  Especially the old ladys service.  She will drop the dishes on the table and leave.
love their ice cream mocha!! its taste better with pudding
This place is a good place eat and catch up with friends. I really like their Honey Milk Green Tea with Boba, it never disappoints. The only thing I didn't like is the parking in the area is just horrible, its such a pain, you literally have to drive around it and wait until someone leaves to take their spot.
This is the perfect place to catch up with an old friend because nothing says friendship like tea.

It's a tad on the pricier side, but the teas are amazing. It's worth it. Try the ginger tea. No caffeine, but it comes out piping hot and sits well on a cold winter day like the ones we are currently experiencing.

The shaved ice is bomb too! 

The only downside (and same goes for anything in the building) is that the parking sucks. That's the only thing holding it back from a 5 star in my opinion...but it is what it is.
The owner really need to fire all these kids! I don't know why they r working here if all they do is horsing around and ignore the customers. A drink should not take 25 mins to make. That's no excuse. Starbucks is a million times busier and my drink came out in less than 5 mins. Last of all, don't expect me to tip u after u gave me an attitude!!!! I want to find out who owns this joint and make a complaint.
The second time in a month that I went there and they ran out of Green tea ice cream. They should know by now that they sell a lot of those. So stock it!!!! 
Tonight was packed. So I decided to order to-go instead. No more ice cream, fine, I'll get just regular milk green tea. I gave them a card and they don't accept a card under $10. I said my bf is picking me up I'll get cash from him. He said "I can't put an order in before you pay. It will take only a few second to make it" yeah of course it's fast to make it but I waited like 10mins to get someone to take my order. 
I was craving for something sweet and quick. If I had time to sit down, I wouldn't come to this place. Every time I come here service sucks. Last time I ordered two appetizers, greentea noodle, two glasses of tea. And they forgot my apps!
I have gone here only a few times, since I'm more of a fresh fruit smoothie with boba type of girl; but when I'm craving milk tea, this is the place to go. Everytime I'm here, I always get the honey milk green tea with boba. It's absolutely delicious and I would highly recommend it. Since I have never actually eaten here before, or even sat down (I always get my tea to go), I cannot vouch for their customer service. But I can say that they are definitely fast in getting my tea ready (then again, I always end up going when it's not busy). So I guess I could say that my rating for this place is really for the milk tea.
While visit Las Vegas, we usually find our way to the LV Chinatown a few times.  This visit we stopped at Tea Station twice and got our favorite drinks.  The TOGO counter was not busy this time and we were served quickly, then waited for 5 to 7 minutes for our drinks to be made.  I like green tea with boba and less sugar.  My friend got the milk green tea with less sugar.  One word: Delicious!!

During a quick search, I did see some other options for drinks in Chinatown, but we seem to always come back to the old standard - Tea Station.  My only gripe is that the drinks are getting pricey (around $8 or $9 for two drinks).

Xie Xie!!
This place sucks. We were looking for a quick place to grab some boba and popcorn chicken and this happens to be the closest one so we made a stop. We have a Tea Station back home so we were kinda expecting a good experience. This place has ample seatings, which was nice. I like how detailed their menu is but this is where all the good stuff stops.

Our party of 5 ordered popcorn chicken and different kinds of drinks. When our drinks came, we were quite disappointed. I had the passion fruit green tea w/ aloe vera and I tasted no passion fruit. It tasted very bland and watered down. They gave a lot of aloe vera which is great, I guess, but I would prefer to have my tea taste more flavorful! I tried one of my friend's drink which was an almond milk tea and that also tasted like water w/ just a hint of flavor. It wasn't milky or sweet like what an almond milk tea should taste like. Our orders of popcorn chicken came out with no sweet & sour sauce. I've been to so many different places before and isn't it just normal that popcorn chicken should come with sweet & sour sauce without us having to ask? Tell me I'm not expecting too much here. But it's okay, we asked for some. Although we had 2 orders of the popcorn chicken among 5 people, the girl brought out one small dipping sauce expected to be shared. Ugh, skimpy much? Anyways, pass!
Been here a few times during our late night excursions in Chinatown. This has been our go-to spot for last minute get togethers with friends. 

Pros:
- fairly cheap
- open late, (until 2:00am)

The first time around, I tried the hot Mango Black Tea. I couldn't finish it, as It was a little too sweet for my taste. After trying a few of the other selections on the menu, I settled on the Pineapple coconut yogurt snow ice boba as my new favorite drink here. The sweet butter toast is pretty addicting, and to me, it is a lighter version of toasted pound cake with butter. I could eat a whole loaf of that stuff! 

Cons:
- Parking is horrible - I sometimes end up parking in the lot next door
- It can get crowded, and if you're sitting in the front area, it feels like the tables are too close together

Summary: Yes, we'll be back!
I visited Vegas during Christmas. I found this place in Chinatown. I love their Special House Milk Tea with boba and aloe vera jelly :3 the service was ok, notthing to complain about. Definitely come back when I come back Vegas :3
This place is located in China town in a very popular part of town. I love their milk tea boba and mango slush. The workers are kind of weird and don't really have manners. I still go here often despite the service. It's a good place to hang out.
I find myself here once a week. Would be a great place if the service was half descent.  However the service plain old sucks and the servers are no help they speak Zero english. Other then that not bad tea.
Best tea station ever. Every time I come here I always to make sure go order the Macha Green Tea with Boba. If you love green tea. This is the best drink ever! They add a scoop of green tea ice cream.                                                                    Baby always like to order the same thing. Which is the taro ice smoothie with egg pudding and boba. The taro is not that sweet but the egg pudding brings the sweetness out. And always always get it with boba. :)
I was greeted kindly and shown a table to take a seat.  They gave me a menu. I've never had table service at a boba spot before.  They served my tapioca milk tea in a glass mug. It is uncomfortable to drink from. I would have preferred the to go cup. I'm not drinking a beer!  It came out too sweet and not as milky as I like.  The tapioca was initially hard and chewy. But then later some were more soft and the way I like. Not perfect, and not terrible. The fried spicy chicken was nice and hot.  Cooked just right. Very seasoned and crunchy. Overall nice. Oh my the sweet butter toast arrives. And all I can think is, "The smell is DIVINE!"  It is nice and sweet.  Has a bit of a crunch. It is very reminiscent of an Asian bakery.  I came alone and I eat pretty light. This was plenty food for me.
It's honestly the best boba we have here in LV. Though the service can definitely improve, their drinks are always consistent which I like. I love boba milk green tea and would recommend it to any newcomers to boba.
Rose Milk green Tea w/ boba is incredible!
As some other reviewer's mentioned. Parking here IS a nightmare. And, the people in the next parking lot get super pissed if you park and walk over. So, good luck! Try coming on an off hour. It gets really packed at night!

The boba menu is very extensive. I've only visited once, but tried three different kinds: coconut, lychee and barley. All were wonderful. 

Also got the blooming jasmine tea. Tea lasts forever and they will continue refilling with hot water forever!

TIP: ask for half sugar. The boba drinks here are super sweet. I went with a friend who frequents this spot and he knew to ask for 1/2 sugar. It was still very very sweet. Can't imagine what they taste like with full sugar.
Only here because someone else wants boba. This place sounds like a great idea but once I was here eating and say the chef come out of the kitchen and she was picking her teeth & went back to work. Gross. Parking is always a nightmare. The service is always pretty fast so they get two stars
For those who would want a break from your usual Tapioca Express or Tea N More across the street, Tea Station is a lovely cafe to have some tea and unwind. Their selection of teas is tremendous and is one of the few tea places I know in LV that carries tea beyond just black or green or jasmine. And they're served in little teapots!

The decor is clean and inviting. The staff is mostly nice. I've only had one run in where a staff member seemed frazzled but I'll chalk it up to being her first day. The food is not something I'd bank on. I've only had their snacks, so I can't comment on real meals as of yet. But they're all right seeing as the primary focus is the tea.

A variety of drinks are available also as they have a large menu. Try the thai iced tea or the green tea ice cream drink. Both very tasty. 

A tip to the wise: Order loose leaf teas so that you could refill on hot water over and over again.
Ma-Cha Ice Cream milk tea !  The Taro milk tea is also delicious .  

Huge menu selection for smoothies, hot/cold teas, many various flavored such as honeydew, winter melon, apple, mango and passion fruit just to name a few.  I come religiously for the Ma-Cha ice cream milk tea, it actually has a scoop of green tea ice cream in it.

They also have a large menu with a variety of tea flavored foods which I've never tried, so this review is relevant to the drinks only.

I've had the shaved ice a few years ago and it was decent enough, however I do really enjoy their milk teas.  There are a couple if regular employees who will shape your straw into a cute heart and are extremely nice. 

One negative is parking, if you go during peak dining hours expect to wait at least 15 min before you find parking.  But definitely worth the wait!
This place has a WIDE selection of Boba tea's and food to go with it! Although the food and drinks are superb - Service can be a drag.. I mean I'll be waiting 10+min for a damn drink that takes less than 2 to make.... plus the customer service could use some work. I've been in this industry for 8+ years and this has def. hit the bottom of the barrel.... No one smiles, no one says thank you... Plus they all seem like they HATE their jobs... IF i choose to return it will def be consumed outside or to go to avoid any attitude...
I don't know his name but the guy taking to-go orders was so rude to my group and I. We were walking in and I went to get a boba tea and the guy was like, "is this your party?" I was like, "yes." 

"Are you sure? This whole party is yours?" 

I confirmed again. It seemed like it was an issue even though I told him we were getting to go. 

So I told him what I wanted and he have me my amount so I take out my wallet and he's like, "do you have cash? make sure you have cash."

I looked at him like, "I do?"

Why would he say that as he gives me my total even though he there's no sign or anything? He said it really rude too.

Luckily my boba was delicious or I'd burn this place to the ground. 
 
I doubt I'll be coming back. People at Volcano Tea are nicer.
Tea Station is a good place if you're looking for a quick pick me up when its late at night. I usually go here with my friends before we hit the Vegas nightlife scene or after we have had dinner. It gets busy around 9pm-11pm. The atmosphere is very casual and. Their service has gotten better than when I first came in 2-3 years ago. The staff is more attentive and conversant than before. They have a wide variety of teas to choose from; as well as various food items. I like to order their taro milk tea with boba.
In LV, this is likely the best spot for Tea.

Although a franchise,  I love the tea, no boba or other add ins.

The best thing: Osmanthus tea, half sweet.

Friends liked the popcorn chicken, peach black tea, and Matcha milk tea with green tea ice cream.

Bathrooms aren't very clean (separate for men and women)  Cash and credit card accepted.   

Am definitely coming back! Love!
I'm giving this place 2 stars because I love their coconut milk tea and their brown sugar milk tea (although it is a little too sweet for my taste, so I always make sure to tell them to only use half sugar), however, my experience here was not a good one. Most of the staff is just okay, but one guy in particular (don't know his name), was very rude to me and my boyfriend's family. We sat down at a table and I ordered our boba drinks in TO GO cups, and we ordered the squid jerky to eat there. I usually never finish my boba drink quickly; I take my time and sip on it, so I always order it in a TO GO cup so I can take it with me when I leave. Anyway, when the waiter brought our drinks to the table, they were in regular glass cups, not TO GO cups like I had ordered. I told the waiter and he said, "well it's okay like this." And then he walked away. Needless to say, I did not tip.
I usually just come here for the boba. My usual order is Honey Dew snow ice with egg pudding. & i never go wrong with that. 

But today we decided to order food. We had ordered--
Pork stew- it was on the greasy side. The dish had so much pig fat I decided not to eat most of it. It does come with veggies, rice and soup. The veggies were pretty good, there was a variety. The soup was just regular ol' broth nothing in it, Nothing special.

Spicy chicken wings-- they were good but defiantly NOT spicy! 

Fried spicy chicken-- those were pretty good but for some reason they didn't taste like chicken. They tasted more like pork chops. & again they were not spicy. 

Overall, the food wasn't all that great. Service was below average. The waitress was basically pushing us out the door. She was claiming they were changing shifts so we had to pay now. Like really? Only thing I'm coming here for is the drinks and that's it.
I honestly only come here for the boba..
Service I don't care for, because well.. They don't give service at all.. If you're dining in, they take your order, bring your food and that's the last you see of them.

Their menu has varieties of the smoothies, teas, shaved ice and foods. My favorite items would be Taro Smoothie and their Chicken Wings. The other items and drinks are not too bad.

Was never disappointed with food and drinks but the service sucks!
i have mango snow iced and iced strawberry w/ pudding. They re both too sweet from my taste. 
I couldn t drink em all. 
For appetizer I got spicy chicken wings ,but I couldn t feel or tase any spicy at all.
Service must be changed ,but i liked this placevfor hanging out w/friends
I've been to this place 2 times now. The boba is delicious and very well made. This is my go to place for late night bobas now cause idk any other place that opens past midnight selling boba. The reason I gave this place 3 stars is mainly on their customer service. I would've given it a 2 instead, but the guy tonight was friendly and greeted us. The lady at the counter though kinda made me feel uncomfortable. Instead of a greeting, she just said we only take to go orders blah. She seemed pretty annoyed we came in and I understand how she feels. I hate it when last minute customers come in, but you know, just keep your composure and remain cool and collective. Be glad that people are coming in to buy from your store giving it more money for the business to one day expand and grow even bigger. Hopefully you learn to improve your customer service so that the overall ratings will be better. I don't really tend to discriminate with hiring employees... But maybe if they don't start changing their attitudes a bit. You should hire new employees who actually want to provide great service and help give a good word out overall of tea station.
Love love love. The staff is really awesome and friendly. And they're pretty accommodating if you're a regular. I love the iced rose milk green tea but sometimes they have this terrible bitter rose one in place that has like actual chinks of roses in it and being a huge texture person it freaks me out but the iced white peach oolong is ber good as well. And the matcha tea latte with the scoop of ice cream is to die for. Sometimes I make up reasons to need to go to that side of town just to go there. Yeah they're a little pricey ($7for boba, meh) I don't mind going there for a treat like once a week! :)
maybe we came in bad timing, it was about 11 pm, they were buzzing with a lot of customers, so i guess they were out of some of the items we wanted to order. i didn't like how one of the waiter were forcing me to order something i don't want to eat, what happened if i'm allergic to strawberry and i can't eat strawberry, it doesn't matter how great it tasted like he said, if i don't want it, don't force it on me more than 3x.
Green milk tea was way overly sweet and tasteless ! Gross. Service was horrendous . Why are these people working here so unhappy ?
Since moving to Vegas I have now discovered that Tea Station is indeed the best place for boba in the Las Vegas area. I'm not sure if my taste buds have adapted or if Tea Station has gotten better in the last few years. Either way they are the most authentic I've had in the area and I've been a boba master since the age of 11. Their prices are still a little high and a regular sized pearl milk tea will run close to $4.
Updating my review because their service has umphed up an inch. I believe 3 stars are in order for the best boba in Vegas yet still the slowest service & employees that nudge you to leave. In addition, their rule for ALL customers at the table to purchase something is still preposterous (did I just use that word?).
This place makes decent drinks and food.  I've been here multiple times when I want some milk tea.  I came by here before driving back to LA for a drink to take for the road.  They had a "monthly promo" special, which was $3.50 for iced milk tea or iced green milk tea with boba (medium size).

I told the girl that I wanted just the green milk tea WITHOUT boba and she told me it was going to be more expensive.  I asked her how much and it was $.50 more without boba.  That didn't make any sense to me.  Why in hell would it be more expensive for more tea? I would figure boba would be more expensive than having another 25% more tea in my cup.  I know tea, milk and sugar is NOT that expensive.  The company needs to rethink that out before telling customers that.  It's just plain retarded.

I caved in and just got the monthly special but I wasn't too happy about it.  I usually don't care for the boba and just want some milk tea to drink.  I would go back but only if I really craving some decent milk tea in the area.
I love this place! I only came for their boba tea! The green tea with matcha powder is my favorite! Topped with a scoop of green tea ice cream! THEY DONT ALLOW YOU TO SWIPE YOUR CARD IF YOUR TOTAL IS UNDER $10.
Not bad place for Tea and food.  But the owner/guy behind the bar, needs to lighten up.  I go there 3-5 times a week when I am in town and he always makes you feel as if you are a burden.  With the dozens of other, equally exceptional Tea cafes popping up all around nearby them, they should work on their attitudes.
Tea Station has a loooot of pros and cons to it. I'll start with the pros.

In my opinion, their drinks are some of the best I've ever had. When I'm feeling iced tea, I get Iced King's tea: not so sweet, not so strongly herbal, there's a nice medium. My boyfriend likes chrysanthemum tea, which is strangely calming. I like their shaved ice, but their new addition which I think is called 'Iced Coconut Combo shaved ice' is absolutely AMAZING. It's shaved ice with boba, taro balls, rice balls(mochi like), grass jelly, azuki beans and sweet potato balls. Me and my friend weren't feeling the sweet potato balls so we switched it out with aloe vera. And oooo0o0o0o0o SWEET JESUS THAT WAS GOOD. Also, their menus have been revamped and everything looks much cleaner! Definitely coming back for that combo shaved ice again ahem. 

And now the cons. It's expensive as hell. Well not really but you're paying 4-5 dollars for a regular sized drink usually. However I would say it's worth it since out of all the times I've gone there the past three years I've only been disappointed once(don't get the hibiscus tea that drink felt like a good sour punch to the face). Another con would be service. The service is a hit or miss. They can neglect you sometimes. As a server, that's probably one of the worst things you can do. But it doesn't happen every time, it's honestly just a hit or miss. 

As for the card limit, yes it is pretty high. There could be a number of reasons why it's so high because it's a hassle to process cards, higher running profit, and so forth. It can be a pain sometimes but I don't think it's that bad if you're with a/some friend(s). Just make one person pay and pay them back later with dinner or a family sized bag of chips or something. 

But yeah, tea station's quality of drinks and shaved ice is good. It's just kinda pricey and the service is a hit or miss.
We had the red bean boba and mango snow. Both tasted great although they were on the sweeter side. The boba was delicious, but I might be biased because the boba where I'm from tastes like dirty sponges.
Takoyaki is good, but I could do without the sauces. Milk tea is weird tasting. They have the best boba, though.
best boba i have tasted in town! hate the wait and the service, but love the boba!
Not like back at home in Houston, but who am I to even think as pretentious as that?! I love, LOVE the hot Taro boba! Really puts a twist to a drink I didn't think was possible to love anymore than I already did. Shave iced, it's okay, can't complain too much, rather it than nothing! 
The service is like any other late night Asian place, quick, straight to the point, in-n-out, happy ending short lived.
Probably some of the better boba that I've had in my life.  The price is a little high for boba/appetizers, but it's decent being in Las Vegas (I'm willing to splurge like a tourist, I guess.) Their royal milk tea (Earl Grey) is the best I've had in a long while.  Boba texture is close to perfection.  Service is decent. Great place to pick up small bites and drinks to hang out with friends.
First time here so I asked the employee if she had any drink with soy milk or without milk she looked confused and shook her head. I found an ice jelly drink and ordered that my boyfriend had a boba drink I believe thai tea. My drink honestly tasted like crushed ice with overly sweetened blobs of kook-aid. I also took a sip from my boyfriends drink and could hardly stomach how sweet it was. The bill came out to 15 which I found a bit steep for 2 drinks. I really did not see the appeal to this place.
I've been to so many boba places in Vegas yet this one is my favorite out of all. I've been going here for such a long time to the point where this place wasn't called Tea Station just yet. 

It's a really social environment with a lot of great choices to select from. It can get really busy especially on Fridays and Saturdays but it's still worth the trip to go here and socialize with your friends. I always bring my friends here whenever they're craving for some boba and ever since their first visit here they always choose this place as their favorite place for boba and drinks. My favorite and some of their most popular drinks there are the milk tea with boba and their matcha milk green tea ice cream! Their milk tea is too delicious to even compare. I don't think any other place in Vegas can make their milk tea as rich and delicious as theirs ESPECIALLY their boba! I go here so often that the workers know me and my order by heart and I have no shame in that haha!
I hate this place. WORST SERVICE EVER! I'm not just talking about 1 bad experience. It's EVERYTIME I come here. These people are soooo rude. Bumpin my chair and stepping on my shoes without apologizing...snaring with a bad attitude the whole time. Ughh. Not only are they rude, but why is the tea so expensive?! This place has the most expensive boba in Las Vegas. Please buyers beware..go anywhere else in Chinatown for boba.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but... I haven't been to this place in forever because of their service. And that sucks because it used to be a favorite spot.

I'm not really into teas, so this review would have to be towards service and what I do see. 

Yes, they may have good drinks, but their boba is a little bit more on the pricey side. I feel like people go here because it's the "cool" thing to do. It's a perk that they're open late, but they get extremely busy at times. And even when it's not busy, service still sucks. People like to come here and just sit for hours to talk or play games, so sometimes it takes a while if you wanna sit in.

The last experience was a horrible one. We came in with a large party of about 10 people. We waited for a table and when we finally got one 30 minutes later, the dude who served us just told us to sit down, put the menus on the table, and walked away. That was the last we saw of him. It took about 45 minutes for us to realize they weren't going to take our order... So we left. Mind you, during that whole time I would look at him to take our order and he kept on saying, hold on with his hand gestures, and would continue on talking to another worker behind the counter. Throughout this time he would also serve other people, and people who sat after us, and still had yet to take our order. We all said forget it and left. And he stared at us as we walked out. Right after he walked to the table and grabbed the menus. Sucks cause we were all super hungry and wanted to try some food AND boba! It's as if he didn't even care to get our business. 

If I could, I would have given it 2 stars. But I added one more because their strawberry slush is good, from what I used to know. Now, I just pass this place whenever I'm in China town. There are a bunch of other boba places that are just as good with better prices and much better service who care about their customers.

My friends and I haven't been there since.
Boba places are a dime a dozen but for some reason this one seems to be more popular than others. Maybe it's the location? Or the abundance of seating compared to others? The drinks themselves are  good, but not amazing enough to rave about. However, the service here is horrible. I've probably been here a dozen times to meet with friends (always their choice) and every time it's bad. After they get you your drinks, they pretty much forget you ever existed. It's also poorly staffed as they only have 1 or 2 people serving drinks on a Saturday night. I'd recommend going else where.
It was a hot day after edc ! Especially in a heat and exhausting day you want something to drink. I ordered the icy milk slush with black pudding and add strawberry syrup to it ! The drink isn't bad ! It isn't too sweet too ! 

Honestly I feel they should be more welcoming ! The service isn't bad . They're pretty quick with drinks
One of the best boba places I've been to in Las Vegas. I usually get the typical honey dew with boba and pudding! 

It's fairly busy at night, but many people take their drinks to go. 

The service is alright here... Many of the workers are very rude.
Lately they have some what improved in customer service. Well at least I thought but I think it just depends on who is working. Today was by far the worst experience here so far. We walked in and there maybe 4 or 5 other tables occupied. As is not swamped at  all. After we picked a table 2 or 3 more people walk in and sat down. We waited 15 min for them for approach us with the menu as they always did. NOTHING! They didn't even notice that we were in the place. We got our own menu and still had to get someones attention just to take our order. Then later came to our table and dumped the utensils in the table and walked off. And then when the lady brought our food, she didn't just put the food in the table she also dumped it like we did something wrong to her. Then as the people were coming in they just ended standing around because they didn't know what was going on. A few walked out pissed off already for waiting so long for no reason. Because it was not even that busy.  If I come here again I will make sure that this lady wont be here!
Bad service. They don't greet you when you enter. They don't have a system for customers buying or ordering to-go. I mean, when we came there we waited for 15 minutes to be helped. Actually, some people who came in later than we did were served first. Also, when our orders were ready, the guys had no idea who to give the orders to. We had to watch him go from table to table just to find us. We watched and only interrupted when he started to insist giving the order to a customer on another table who repeatedly refused saying it wasn't his order. .. We got worried that our orders might just end up going to someone else that was why we stepped in. Anyway, parking was hard too and it was just a bad experience overall.
I visited this location for boba. Compared to other asian boba places, this location is very clean, professional, and organized. I really like the interior of the establishment and the professional business feel. Other boba shops even nearby are very poorly designed and not very professional.
With this scorching hot Vegas heat, I was craving something cold and refreshing. I'd usually order an almond milk tea but today I thought I'd try something new. I asked one of the workers about the flavored jelly ice drinks and she suggested a passion fruit jelly ice drink and I was asking her about the lychee jelly toppings... she then spoke to the other workers in Taiwanese and ordered my drink when I was STILL looking at the menu. When I wanted to order another drink (not the one she suggested) she told me that they already made my "order" and maybe I can try another one next time. Seriously? That's horrible customer service! They should wait for the customers to finalize their order. I'm not one to cause a scene so I just shook my head and paid and walked out pissed. The drink they made turned out to be overly sweet and disgusting. It was too sweet I couldn't drink it. 

They don't even deserve a star. I wish I could give them 0 stars. Looks like I won't ever be coming back here.
Located in the Vegas Chinatown plazas, and walking distance from Pho Kim Long and Ranch 99 which was just a plaza over, so super convenient. We walked in and were greeted. I already knew what I wanted so I ordered two drinks and paid. Went to go sit down by my friends and the girl who took my order is screaming across the room asking me to pay. I was like, are you serious??? I JUST paid.... and I had my receipt to prove it. I'm guessing she was just confused.. but still... rude. The green milk tea at this location is definitely no where as good as the one in San Diego and Fremont in California. I was super excited to drink it too.... but it ended up tasting whatever. It was good the next day because I was hungover.. but other than that, I wouldn't come back while in Vegas.
Need a refreshing drink? Then this might be one place to go to. It's big enough as a small cafe and is located on the bottom floor of the 2 story complex. (Good if you are weary of walking up a flight of stairs in 100 degree weather.) Also, the AC works and it wasn't muggy inside.

I tried the ice coffee milk tea with boba. Blend of coffee and tea wasn't bad if you're looking for a nice caffeine blend between the two. Boba was a nice 75/25 soft chewy to firm ratio where I not worry about it getting stuck in my teeth. I recommend it.
I love love love their green tea matcha drink. It's soo yummy and refreshing. The boba is perfectly soft, chewy, and sweet. They have the best green tea drink around. Only negative thing is it's way over priced.  It's about $8 for a drink which comes only in 1 size. That's pretty hefty for a drink. $8 plus tax so almost $9 bucks for A CUP of boba drink which normally cost under $4 elsewhere. Overpriced but yes worth it! :)

I also tried their green teas which is too sweet for me and totally not worth $8bucks. I only come here for the matcha drink. Anything else... I'll go to QQboba
As far as boba goes in Vegas, I still have a lot of ground to cover and there are still a handful of boba shops I have yet to try. So far, my experience with tea station is the most positive one I've had yet - not on service (service is below average), but in the actual drinks and boba. I would definitely return to try their massive drink selection. 

They were jammed packed on a Monday at 11pm and there were no open seats, so we hung out at the to-go order counter. Service was definitely non-existent - we were waiting and looking around for a good 5 minutes and none of the employees addressed us or noticed we were there. We finally were able to get one girl's attention by waving her down and she quickly fumbled to take our order. 

Drinks/Boba: (Better than the average boba shops I've had in Vegas. Plus, the boba doesn't taste like dishwater!! Yay) 

1. Ma cha ice cream green milk tea (whew that's a long one) is the bizzness!! Cold, creamy perfection for 100 degree Vegas summer nights. It was my favorite and I slurped it down quick. 

2. Thai iced tea with boba - not exactly an authentic thai iced tea, but it had a nice and light thai tea flavor. It was sweet, but not over bearing. 

The best thing is that you can adjust the sweetness of all of your drinks. You can have them make your drink with more or less sweetness when you place your order.
Damn, the greeting is a little better than before. 

I haven't been here awhile due to the nasty attitude they be giving me as if they don't want my business. 

Can't deny the fact that their Tapioca is the best in Vegas, but the service can be better. 

When business does so well, they get too comfortable and don't keep up and start to slack off in some levels. 

I stopped going here for a year bc of the terrible service. Only came in bc our friends wanted to dropped in. 

Turned out it's a little better ? Maybe they finally caught on Yelp ? Who knows, just maintain a good service and your sales will increase.
Good for hot tea. but usually I go for boba and the boba is only OK. I would have given 4 stars for variety but their lychee jelly sucks. they have the opaque flaccid kind, not the  chewy clear kind.
Had been going to this place since Tea Planet days but as of late the quality of food and the service has gone from fair to poor. Gone are the days of prompt service and generous servings of food and sides.
The best thing about tea station is that it gives you the option of adjusting the sweetness level of your drink. So the first time I came here I ordered an ordinary ice milk tea with tapioca. I was a bit disappointed that my drink came out so sweet. However, the next time I came here I remembered to ask for half the sweetness and my golly did that make the difference!! Their boba was probably one of the best I've tasted, it has the right amount of chewiness to it and they taste fresh! The only reason I am giving this place 4 stars is because their drinks are overpriced! I understand that we are paying for quality, but their prices are the highest I've paid for for tapioca!
Now, that I have to change my friggin diet.  I must seek other alternatives to my favorite delicacies of fatty fried chicken, tender prime rib, and lamb chops.  The same shopping complex, which houses SF Supermarket, Hue Thai Sandwiches,  a Korean fried chicken and beer house, and other great restaurants, also has a Chinese Hot Pot Restaurant.  In the last year, I've had the opportunity to try out more of these restaurants, where you place vegetables and meats into  a swirling and boiling pot of broth in front of you over an open flame.  It is really good stuff, and one very cool evening in Las Vegas, yes Vegas, I was craving to go.  
I was joined by my forever favorite dining companion, and now fiancee, and two other friends who also wanted to try something new.  When you walk in, it feels like a little market, where you can buy some packaged goods, another area had a small buffet area (which we all need to try the next time because it is great deal), and the dining area.  The dining area was very empty, and decorated with faux mahogony Chinese furniture.  Above the area was a big screen TV connected to a satellite Chinese channel.  
We began to browse the menu and noticed that the combination hot pot specials were for about less than $20.  The waitress assisted us by selecting one combination hot pot for the 4 of us, since ordering 4 hot pots each would be too much,  You are also handed  a sheet to mark off any extras, such as beef, lamb, vegetables, mushrooms, tofu, rice, etc...etc that you would also like to cook for yourself in the big bowl of hot broth.  We chose the combination of seafood and lamb hot pot.  She gave us a heaping plate of vegatables w/tofu,  a plate of raw shrimp, mussels, imitation crab (yuck!), and raw squid, and another plate of thinly sliced frozen lamb that were rolled like mini cigars.  They placed a large metal bowl that was divided like the Yin-Yang symbol and filled it with a warm broth.  It was brought to a boil with the little gas stove that it was placed on.   Once the broth was bubbling, we started throwing in some of the vegetables, seafood, and meat.  We dipped it in various sauces that we alone created at the sauce station near the door.  My favorite was to mix the bbq sauce, with chili oil, and garlic in garlic juice and some green onions to give it some crunchy zing.  It goes sweet, spicy than tangy...It was quite tasty when the lamb or tofu was dipped in because they absorbed the flavors so well.  Because it was in the hot pot, anything that you removed from the broth was steaming warm.  It was very satisfying for the cool night that it was.  You cooked the shrimp till it turned a bright orange, but not too long bc it will become tough.  I was a big fan of the enoki mushrooms, I just love the crunch it has when you bite in your mouth, plus the flavors and moistness of the mushroom.    The lamb was humming full with flavor.  Not bad for being frozen.  We did end up ordering more items, such as enoki and lamb.  We also decided to venture and try deep fried fermented tofu.  These beautiful golden deep fried puffy cubes have this wonderful crisp when you first bite into them, and then finishes off with a very pungent smell that slowly drifts up your nose and down your throat.  Wow, talk about strong flavors.  I really recommend to not burp around people or accidentally covering your mouth while you burp.  ha..ha..  it is definitely worth a try.  We were also amazed how busy the restaurant became after we arrived.  It seems that 7:30 is a busy time for this place.  All in all, I would have to say I'm a fan of this restaurant.  I loved the selectons in modifying your bowl of hot broth  that came with a total bill that just can't be beat.  I walked out of that restaurant with an especially content and warm chubby belly that evening.
It really pays to know locals here in Vegas. A local knew of this place and since I was tired of eating the buffets and didn't feel like shelling out tons of cash for some fancy restaurant - I was ready to try something new off the strip. Luckily my group of girls were all down to eat some good old traditional Taiwanese food. My friend was raving about this place and was excited to take me since I've never had real Taiwanese food before. It was a little ways off the strip in some China Town plaza. Since I was running late from shopping all afternoon, I was lucky enough to have the food all ordered and at the table by the time we were seated. 

I wish I took pictures but I was so hungry I started eating all the food before I even thought about it. They ordered a beef noodle soup, pork chops, beef and egg over rice, and peanut butter noodles. The beef noodle soup and beef and egg over rice was my absolute fav! They also had this mustard pickled thing that you put as a topping on all the plate. This place had made me a fan of Taiwanese food. Not only was the food good but the meal was dirt cheap. For a group of 7 our bill came out to only $51 bucks. Absolute steal for the amount of food we ordered. 

Now I must venture out and find places in SF that serves Taiwanese food.
We're always looking for places to cook up our own food - and I've seen the small menu posted on the window of Champion Gourmet.  Armed with a few other experimental eaters, we ventured into Champion to see if it was anything to talk about.  We can definitely say we were pleasantly surprised!

After you walk through the doors and past the little grocery section of ready to order foods and what not, you'll pass by the sauce making section on the way to your table.  (There's also what looks like a self service station for tea and water.)

It was rather empty the Monday night we arrived, but soon realized the Chinese community in Vegas eats a lot later than everyone else.  (The place was packed by the time we left!)

The menu can be a bit confusing, but you'll soon learn the hot pot combos all range for less than $20 each.  Not sure on how to order, we started with four combos.  The waitress was quick to let us know that we were ordering too much food.  She suggested one or two combination of hot pot assortments and then adding additional meats and the sort.  We ended up with the seafood platter and lamb hot pot, and of course, the veggies and tofu that come with it. The seafood platter had shrimp, mussels, imitation crab, and squid.  The lamb had frozen slices of meat rolled onto the plate.

A little gas stove was placed in the middle and a hot pot with a divider was placed on top.  There were two different broths in there - one spicy and one not.

We also made a visit to the sauce making bar where you can add sesame oil, chili oil, garlic, cilantro, green onions, sesame sauce, etc. to your own concoction.

In the end, we added more lamb and mushrooms to our hot pot order.  We also decided to venture into their cooked foods like the stinky tofu.  Little cubes of deep fried tofu that's been marinating in that fermented stuff gives off an unforgettable smell.  Definitely an acquired taste and smell for all.  (It really wasn't all that bad though!)

We all left pretty satisfied with our dinner - a good selection of food, tasty stuff, and definitely had us curious for more.  As other (Chinese speaking) diners came pouring through the doors, some came for hot pot while others came for their regular menu.

I'd definitely return...come with a party of four so you can try out more things!  And it won't break the budget either!
Best beef noodle soup I ever had in the states. I grew up in LA and lived in LV for 18 years.
wow this place gets pretty good reviews... i like it but i prefer chinatown express in the main chinatown mall..

ive had a few dishes here, like the beef noodle... which is ok.
places to get better beef noodle in las vegas? NOODLES @ BELLAGIO or CHINATOWN EXPRESS in the main chinatown mall.

One thing i do come here for is the Pork Chop with Minced Pork Rice. It is really good. Ask them for a Tea Egg.

The other dishes ive had here are really just soo soooo..

Taiwanese food is realllly reaaalllly good... Its places like this that make taiwanese food look more of a lazy, ghetto food rather than a gourmet. Some might argue it is...; more home style... but this place is just so-so to me.

Its good, but not authentic. They have mexicans in the back cooking it... (No Offense, I kno alot of mexicans cook good ass food from all different ethnicities) 

I give this place a 3 because they are pretty stingy with the meat they put in the portions. Everything is pretty oily... even tho the pork chop is heavenly.

But i don't want a heart attack so 3 it is!!!!
Craving some hot pot and after having a positive experience at Champion Gourmet, we thought it was time for us to return again. 

When we were seated, they gave us the other menu, the one without any of the hot pot choices offered. So, be sure to request the hot pot menu if that's what you want. It's a simple menu where you fill in what you want and they take care of the rest. 

For The Husband and I, we ordered the Lamb Pot ($15.99) and we chose both types of broth, the regular and spicy one ($1 more). 

In the meantime, we went to make our dipping sauces. There's a little station by the fridge where you can spoon up some sesame oil, peanut sauce, garlic and scallions. On the side, you can also find hot chili oil, chili sauce, vinegar, soy sauce, etc. While you're getting your sauces, don't forget to grab one of those long handled spoons and maybe an extra bowl for yourself. I forget that there's a lot of self service stations here, so you're more than welcome to help yourself to the hot tea and cold water available too. 

Our veggie platter included thin rice noodles, udon noodles, enoki mushrooms, squash, tomatoes, napa cabbage, tofu (2 kinds), corn, and zucchini. Our lamb platter arrived with shaved slices of raw lamb ready to be cooked. 

This place was busy, with non-Asians as well. Most of the surrounding tables were doing hot pot too, but I did see a few bowls of soup noodles come out as well. 

Overall, it's a small restaurant that has its following. Their little grocery store also keeps them in business. But I'm sure it's their simple and inexpensive hot pot menu that really has coming back for more.
Great authentic food. self service on the drink...
This is the first time I've been to Chinatown in Las Vegas. This place was recommended to my cousin by one of his friends. It's a small mom and pop place on the second story of an asian plaza. It was empty when we got there for lunch around 1-1:30pm. In fact we thought they were closed. 

Most of us had the spicy beef noodle dish. It is around $6.50 or $7 and you get lots of vermicelli-like noodles with baby bok choy and about four pieces of beef. The broth was really good and the meat was nice and tender. A couple of people had a cold noodle dish, which looked really good too. Water and tea are all self serve.

The prices are good and the portions are huge, so if you're hungry this is the place to go. The next time I am in Las Vegas I will definitely stop by again to try the other dishes on their menu.
Found this by accident, almost walked past it because it looked more like a little shop than a restuarant. I visit the vietnamese restuarant alot and never tried this place. 

I saw the mix reviews on yelp but this place is authentic, one of the better Beef noodles I have tried. Originally from LA thats a big compliment, beef noodles is suppose to have oil on top, its called flavor! 

The noodles are perfect texture, soft but a little firm in the middle still. The broth was hot, full of flavor with a little spice and it had pickled minced veggies which made it better because of the extra complexity it added. 

The meat portion was ok but the qualty of the tendons and beef were great. Quality over quantity. 

I would definately go back again and again.
ahhhh finally another spicy meal living up to its chili peppery-ness!  My friend Derek and I have been hunting for the spiciest foods in Vegas and Champion Gourmet lived up to the hype!
This family run joint is a quaint place on the 2nd level of the shopping center on Spring Mountain just west of Decatur.  We got all spicy broth (you can do the yin yang thing if you want) - and ordered the lamb-seafood hotpot for $19.99 (enough for 2).  You can order lots and lots of extras but the waitress (the daughter) ensured us there is no need, especially if we got the seafood upgrade rather than just lamb (a $4 deal).
We had lamb, mussels, cuttlefish, fish, shrimp with heads on, and imitation crabmeat.  The veggies/others: tofu, vermicelli, udon noodles, kabocha squash, zucchini, tomatoes, corn on the cob, lots and lots of napa cabbage, and enoki mushrooms.  You make your own dipping sauce with garlic sauce, bbq sauce, soy sauce, sesame oil, and peanut sauce plus cilantro and green onions.
Overall, this was a fantastic, filling, and tasty experience.  It came with hot oolong tea and water.  The daughter was incredibly overbearing in the beginning (checking on us, trying to educate us in hot pot as if we didn't know anything, telling us where to get sauces, asking if we needed anything, telling us no MSG, on and on and on) - she finally decided to do homework and give us some space.
This was fun, interactive, affordable, tasty, spicy, and I have to say - I actually liked the softness of imitation crab (haha laugh at me) and the frozen mussels (there is a first time for everything!)
go if you dare...haha :)
Yah! I'm a fan.....of Champion Gourmet!

Everything is home-made, remind me when I was in Taiwan.... made me miss my hometown so much! 

Actually this place could be between 4-5stars, but I just hope they can provide 'little fast' food if possible. Or maybe the dish I order take more time to cook :) 

Overall, ' yah! I'm a fan '..... sorry! getting sleep, I'll take some pictures and post on yelp soon.
On 2/2/10, My party of three came to Champion Gourmet for the hot-pot.  We found it disappointing.

The atmosphere sucked.  The place was cluttered and run-down, with a television blaring Chinese language soap operas at full volume for the entire meal.  We had to get our own water from a water cooler with dinky Styrofoam cups.  We experienced a severe language barrier with the wait staff, which in of itself is not a deal-breaker, but in conjunction with everything else, made the bitter icing on an already crappy cake. 

Our hot pot took a long time to come to the table.  We ordered the spicy broth, with lamb as our main protein.  A plate of enoki mushrooms, squash, corn on the cob, cabbage, zucchini, tofu, and noodles was included with the lamb, gratis.  We also ordered some shrimp dumplings, clams, and squid balls.  The lamb was great - no complaints there.  The veggies were fine, too, and the squash was surprisingly delicious.  

However, the shrimp dumplings were truly disgusting.  They tasted - and smelled - like low tide.  Oh my word, were they fishy and briny!  They stank up all our soup!  They tasted so amazingly bad, I couldn't determine if that was their intended flavor, or if they'd simply gone rancid.  And the clams were no better.  I couldn't believe how rank they were.  The squid balls kept me from losing all faith in this place's seafood.  They were chewy and mild, with a slightly sweet flavor.

Even though the wait staff was sitting in the same room as our party, they were too busy watching the TV to attend to us whatsoever.  I had to walk up to one of them and physically tap her on the shoulder to get her to take our second order (more lamb, and more noodles).

I was afraid that we might get food poisoning from the seafood, but my friends and I seemed fine all evening.  

I've had better hot-pot at a Chinese buffet in Saint Louis, Missouri.  I won't be back.
food was sub par and service was bad. Go somewhere else.
my husband and I ate here last night and the food was decent Taiwanese food.  For those in the know, this reataurant is very popular in Taipei for silk noodles.  The place is fairly new and looks clean.  Their menu has the typical Taiwanese snacks, noodle and rice dishes.  Squid noodles, pork chop fried rice, meat bun, stinky tofu,meat stew over rice, and many typical fruit or tea drinks where you can add boba.  

We ate the squid noodles, house special silk noodles, meat bun, shimp omelette, milk tea bob and papaya milk.  It was good, biggger portions than you get back in Taiwan and a little more expensive with the larger portions.  Good place to share and try different dishes.
Although my family is from Taiwan, I am as big a twinkie as they come.   I've been back to Formosa twice but the last time was around 13 years ago so I was all over this place when I found out they had "stinky tofu"!!

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stinky_tofu

It wasn't as stinky as I had hoped but you def got a lot of it for $4 or so.  We also ordered the beef noodle soup, squid stew with noodles and the shrimp pancake.  All were pretty decent.  The boba teas were pretty good too..tons of boba, not much ice.  I like that its open til 2:30am too.
All you TW people out there know that this place is very well known in Taipei.  I know they have one in LA, and didn't know they have one in LV too.  Pleasant surprise.  We ordered several things, and they are all fairly authentic.  tastes like what you find in the streets of Taipei...but in a much, much cleaner environment.  Sure you can get better stuff in Taiwan, but this is certainly a gem in the US.  Will for sure come back here next time i hit Vegas.
I've been hearing that this place is supposed to be pretty good from classmates of mine...

I first stumbled upon this place after almost a year of living in the Las Vegas area, as I didn't know anything past the Ranch 99 plaza on Spring Mountain. I was seriously surprised that there were so many restaurants on that street that I never heard or saw before. I had to check it out with Theresa B.

So far I've only had their green milk tea, which tasted like good ol Taiwanese style milk tea that I love from San Bruno and was decently priced. 

Can't say I'm a fan yet, as I haven't had their food items....so I'm giving them 3 stars for now...
I sought this place out because I simply HAD to try stinky tofu.  It's the biologist in me.  Okay, and the foodie.  That, and I needed an Asian supermarket fix, and this place is in the same center as SF Market.  The waitress was kind of surprised that a very Anglo (red hair, blue eyes, anemic complexion) woman like me was brave enough to even try stinky tofu, but she humored me.  Maybe it was the goofy grin I get when I think I'm trying something new and unusual.  I was the only Anglo in the place.

I also ordered a cup of hot tea (it was chilly today in Vegas) and a bowl of fish stewed noodle soup.  The hot tea was served in a styrofoam cup, but it was lovely, fragrant tea, which made up for the non-presentation.  It took quite a while for my order to come, but maybe that was because I counted three other tables of 8 and half a dozen other tables with 2 to 4 guests each.  In any case, I wasn't in any hurry, and just watched the food and the people as well as the football game on the big screen TV overhead.

The stinky tofu wasn't all that stinky--I'd ordered it "regular" since I've never had it before.  I also thought that it was kind of bland.  There seemed to be a slight sharp Durian-like odor, but there wasn't much flavor of any sort.  The cabbage salad, with a very sharp vinegar dressing, was great.  Come to think of it, I don't know if I can really judge how stinky tofu tastes, because as usual, I spied a nice piece of pepper in the cabbage salad, underestimated the heat, and happily chewed away.  I didn't taste much of anything for a while.

The fish stewed noodle soup was excellent, with some kind of root vegetable (white, but it wasn't potato) and bean sprouts as well as noodles and fried fish.  It was filling and tasty.

I don't think I'd try the stinky tofu again, but there are lots of other really interesting offerings on the menu, and I plan to return to try them.  They also have a large selection of beverages, including boba, shave ice, fresh juices, jelly, milk tea, fruit teas and slushes.
Ay-Chung noodle house, used to be one of my favorites. Well, the sad news is since I am from the Bay Area, all of the Ay-Chung noodle houses seemed to have closed up shop so the only places I can find it now is this Las Vegas Location and in So*Cal.

The only reason why I like to come here is for the Stinky Tofu, one of my most favorite things. Its stinky, but once you dip it in the garlic soy sauce thing, it is delicious! However, my mom made the choice to order the tiny cubed ones which were not as stinky. Therefore, to me it tasted like a plain fried tofu. Food was eh. The Crispy chicken was a tad salty for me which need rice to neutralize the flavor. The portions for the rice combo plates are very generous. Service was snappy. I wasn't a fan of their "famous" noodle, but more so of what they offered was what I liked.

Overall I give them a 3.5 out of 5. For offering Cho Tofu (stinky Tofu) and for being snappy and quick. Atmosphere, felt a tad cramped but otherwise it was decent. Come check it out if your a fan of stinky tofu, for me which is a hard to find delicacy in the Bay! jk.
Ay-Chung!  Gesundheit!  

So there is one o these in San Jose, but this one is more chic....  Tried the minced pork rice plate, pretty tasty.  Comes with some cabbage, pickled veggies, corn medley and half a soy sauce egg.  I sprinkled 2 kinds of hott sauce on and wham-o, it was hon how chuh ah.....

I got a reco from a Taiwanese person that this was the place to go and it appears they were in the know.  They have a boba tea bar, but I don't drink much o them gopher poop teas.....til next time, good eating!
I've always loved Ay-Chung noodle house.  I usually get their signature noodle soup with chitterling but you never expect chains to be good at each location, I was very pleased to get authentic Taiwanese food in Las Vegas.

All of the dishes we ordered were prepared very well:
Porkchop rice
Oyster pancake
Fried calamari
Sweet potato fries
Iced Coffee - delish!
Beef Noodle soup.

All worth trying, and price wise? - SUPER cheap.  If you're ever on a budget in vegas, drive down Spring Mountain Road and find yourself in "China Town" pick a place, any place. But I definitely recommend Ay Chung!
I'm not a fan of Ay-Chung's signature noddle. I'm a huge fan of their House Steak special. The house steak special reminded me when I ate that at the night market in Taiwan. I had the pepper sauce for it instead of mushroom creamy sauce. It's a little bit too peppery, but the taste is good. The steak is delicious. That would be my top pick. I also had oyster pancake. Note: don't get egg pancake and oyster pancake. Egg pancake is the same as the Oyster pancake but without oyster. I didn't know that. Their bamboo sticky rice is also a good appetizer to order.
i love this place, everywhere i  go.... 

i like the sizzling steak,

 and the little white rice with minced meat & mushroom and sauce on top.(its a taiwanese appetizer... dunno the name)

reminds me of LA's infamous asian cafes :)
I am a fan of Taiwanese food and this place was pretty good. They offer a number of authentic Taiwanese dishes ranging from porkchop rice, oyster pancakes, fried stinky tofu (not a fan of) and other dishes. 

I happened to order the fried fish with rice dish which came with preserved vegetables, rice, fish, a hard boiled egg and napa cabbage. Simple dish but delicious!

I can say this is a pretty good spot for Taiwanese food and is pretty cheap.
I've never eaten here but as far as I know it's the only place in town that sells Chou Tofu.

Whenever I'm in the area I poke my head in and ask if they have it in, but at least 20 times they have said no.  Finally tonight we were going to Panang upstairs and I poked my head in and they said yes so we sat down to try it.

I have only had stinky tofu a couple times in NYC and this is pretty good but a little overcooked/dry.  But it was a total superbite if you dunk a piece in the sauce then add hot sauce and a piece of cabbage - yum.

(photo submitted)
great food, great place, awesome people. Sometime they out of their food...overall, one of my favorite place
Ay-Chung is a very famous and well known restaurant in the Taipei area of Taiwan.  They are known for their oyster soups and vermicelli where people would line up to get a taste of their famous dishes.   

I took my dad here on our visit to Vegas to see if Taiwanese food has successfully taken roots in the desert of Nevada.  Their menu has quite a selection from stinky tofu, Chinese Sausages, Taiwanese popcorn chicken, to the squid and oyster vermicelli soups.  Since my stomach wasn't feeling well, I wasn't able to eat but my dad said the beef noodle soup is comparable to those of Taiwan.  Keep in mind he has eaten 30+ years of Taiwan beef noodle soup when he lived there.  Also next to us a customer was enjoying his pork chops which smelled pretty spot on to those served in Taiwan's night market.

The customers were all Chinese/Taiwanese and I could tell this is definitely a big hit in this area because of the people eating here.  I will stop here again next time I'm in Vegas to sample to food instead of seeing and smelling it.  But from what I have seen, it looks pretty darn authentic.
keeps getting worse everytime i go, but i keep going!!!!
lol the steak is not a steak, its a thinly sliced peice of beef that tastes like stove top gas... 

the one in ny is better... (of course!!!!)

but i keep going, its the closest i can get to an SGV cafe :(

i love the almond milk tea here tho. thats one thing i can always depend on! oh and the cream corn soup n mandarin salad
This is the 2nd Ay-Chung I've been to in the US, and of course nothing can compare to the original in Taipei.  There's also an Ay-Chung in LA, located in Focus Plaza in San Gabriel. I never liked it that much since once you've had Ay-Chung in Taiwan and you can't really compare them.  San Gabriel location's quality just isn't there so I was crossing my fingers when I came here.

We got a bowl of Ay-Chung noodles: It was surprisingly good!  Way much better than the location in San Gabriel. The broth/soup base is much more flavorful.

Also got the popcorn chicken :]  When a place fries the chicken with basil, you know it can't be bad.  We also got the oyster pankcake as a side.  It's not bad but they do use a lot of cornstarch.  A lot of places use a lot of cornstarch as a filler.  The pink/red sauce isn't bad though.  

Also got the Stinky tofu. Wow they actually have the big pieces here. Most place in the states serve these small bite size stinky tofu and they're just not as good. I was surprised when they had the bigger ones. It's just much more enjoyable than eating the tiny cubes of stinky tofu.

Of course you can't eat Taiwanese food without getting a milktea or some sort of drink.  The drinks here aren't bad at all.  I would come here any day rather than paying 4-6 bucks for a large down the street at Tea Station.

They got a lot of the typical Taiwanese fare you expect.  For the limited selections of  Taiwanese food around the area, Ay Chung is not a bad option if you are craving some Taiwanese food in Vegas!
omg the chittering reminded me straight up of taiwanese street food i've been craving for oh so long. its not as good as tw obviously but i guess i can settle for it. oh, and the beef noodle soup works great for hangovers as well.
Visiting las Vegas this time around I found Ay-Chung thanks to yelp.  Living in the Chicago area for the past 20 years it is a rare treat for me to have Taiwanese food (unless I am in Taiwan or LA). 

It could be the lack of good Taiwanese food in Chicago talking but the food here is great in my book!

Oyster patty,  stinky tofu, oyster and intestine noodles, and shaved ice...  Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!  

I know some of the items I listed may not sound too appetizing,  but if you know Taiwanese food, you know where I am coming from.

Happy eating!
I love Taiwanese food, but I dont get it that often. Been here a couple times, opened late so it was good for after work. 

I like their beef noodle here. Nice strong beefy spicy broth. BF doesnt like this as the beef has a bit of "connective" stuff, but I love all that gelatinous mess. It's part of the appeal of beef noodle soups is the tendon-y pieces. Yum actually. 

Got some rice plates and they're pretty good but nothing too standout except the crispy pork chop though had a nice crunch and flavor.

Honey Kalbi ribs was alright with me, BF thought it was a little too chewy for him. Popcorn chicken with basil is yum.

Their milk teas are good and a lot cheaper than tea station. Almond and honeydew is usually what I order. Mmm. And they have shaved ice for the BF who loves it with all those beans and condensed milk. It's a big serving too...we cant finish it together even.

Been trying to brave stinky tofu. I've had it mild with some pickles on it and a spicy sauce and it was yum, but also had it where it's so pungent I gagged and I love stinky cheese/fermented flavors. I'll probably stop in just for this one of these days.

I've had better in LA, but this is not bad at all. Glad it is here and the prices are fair and usually a decent standard of food and service.
two stars with giving them the benefit of the doubt that it was a bad day, but normally i'd say one star. as a lover of taiwanese food, i'm sad to say this place sucks and is overpriced. i bought a mango slushy, crispy pork chop, and split a stinky tofu appetizer (small) and spent close to 20$. for 20$ i should be eating GLORIOUS food, not that.
Its a great place to hang out since they usually are not that packed so u don't have to worry getting kicked out like "some places" in town. I usually order green tea slush with red bean for drink. I like the oyster pan cake even some people dont like it . I mean of course it cant be compared to the ones in Taiwan or Cali but that's as close as its gonna get in Vegas. I also order the fried squid, fried chicken or pork chop rice when I go there. Even though the price has gone up but still more reasonable compare to tea planet.
I am a fan of Tawainese Spicy Beef Noodle Soup. The broth is dark, heavy and flavorful. It is a perfect soup during desert winters. Stinky tofu is very tasty, salty and stinky just how I like my Stinky tofu!
The food is not good. But it's cheap. Hooray for that.

Boba there isn't that great either. Nonetheless a lot of FOBs come here because when you walk in, it smells a bit like the Motherland. Even though it is a Taiwanese place hah.
The decor inside isn't bad.  We tried the taiwanese meatball, oyster omelette, and sticky rice.  I think the cook was having a bad day because none of it was very good.  The omlette had the wrong flavor and way too much starch.  Maybe we should have tried the fried food like the popcorn chicken and pork chop.  Nothing like the food at Sinbala in the SGV.  It feels bad to waste all that food...
This is a place i go to a lot weekly. Not only that the food is decent, they allow people to study there as well. One downside to this is that they don't have many power outlets. I guess its a first come, first serve kind of deal. they do have free wireless internet at decent speeds for use. no password. 

First time i heard about this place was not this specific location, it was the original location in taipei, taiwan on my trip in 2006 at a night market. It specialized in their chittering thin noodle bowl. 

Aside from that, this place is good. Service is great. The employees are really nice. Prices are pretty average for a chinese, or should i say, taiwanese restaurant. They have various appetizers like fried chicken (not KFC kind... small battered boneless chicken pieces fried) to even stinky tofu (not exactly the same as ones some people may have tried in Taiwan or Hong Kong but its still love-hate relationship here. personally, i still dont like the smell of it but alot of people love to eat it. 

One of my favorite things to order is the beef noodle soup and the rice plates. Good amount of food for the price. Decently seasoned. 

they have a wide variety of drinks ranging from teas (milk teas, jasmine teas, etc) to milks (strawberry milk, papaya milk, etc)  to ices (green tea?, red bean? some chocolate one??) with the option of boba, pudding, etc... also have shaved ice that you can pick your own ingredients. 

good place to study or socialize. 

little note for students or the younger population - they do allow splitting of the checks without questions. =]
i love how late this place opens, as most places are in Vegas. Lots of taiwanese food, but unfortunately, the food tastes so-so. the only reason i went back multiple times is because they serve stinky tofu, a dish very hard to find in the Southeast.
Attention! Attention! 
Here is my list:

Appetizer:
1. Stinky tofu
2. Fried crispy chicken 
3. Chinese sausage

Rice:
1. Minced pork rice
2. Stewed pork rice
3. Pork chop rice

Thin noodle:
1. House special thin noodle with chittering

Stew noodle:
1. Satay squid stew noodle soup

Noodle:
1. Beef noodle soup

Steak:
1. House special steak -------- my favorite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Hot drink:
1. Goji healthy tea

Tea (hot available):
1. Coffee milk tea
2. Honey tea / green tea 

Mixed milk:
1. Papaya milk
2. Passion fruit yogurt -------- my special order which does show up on menu :) actually nobody drink it beside me... I believe the owner will surprise if u order it!

Slush:
1. Green tea red bean slush -------- great great summer drink!!!!!!

Also, Hot Grass is good for winter;
Plus, shave ice is perfect for summer, which create your own shave ice (5items): red bean, large red bean, green bean, pudding, taro, pineapple, lychee, peach, jelly, grass jelly, almond tofu, peanuts, boba, condensed milk. 


Open hours: 11:30am - 2:00am
This is probably the best asian food to eat in Vegas... They have a lot of choices besides their very well known noodle. 

Do not order their stinky tofu, its the most foul smelling tofu I had ever experienced. If you were curious like me, believe me... try something else...  Do try their lychee slushee.

Steak and Eggs. Yum.

Edit: Came here again on another visit to Vegas and the service SUCKED KITTY LITTER, their servers were extremely lazy and we had to ask for water, napkins, refills on the water and the check took forever. Downgraded to three stars instead of four... shame shame shame.

I came here twice before and my third visit was not pleasant, It was a big disappointment.
This is a great place for beef noodle soup and the price is very reasonable, especially for the amount of food you get. I came here twice while I was in Las Vegas over the holidays. 

The second time I came here I tried their pork and pickled cabbage noodle soup and it definitely was not as good as the beef noodle soup. The broth was really light and the pork was shredded. Somehow it just wasn't as satisfying as the beef noodle soup.
Today, YOU LIVE!!


I'm about as Asian as a white guy can get.  I speak a little Korean, cook a lot of Thai foods, and used to teach Tae Kwon Do.

I love to experience new cultures, and I try not to close myself off to new experiences.  Stinky Tofu was on my list of new experiences.  

Ay-Chung is clean, inviting, and warm, much like the staff you'll meet here.  

I started with a Mint Milk Tea...Mmmm mmm!  This hit the spot.  I love milk teas, and mint this one was just perfect.  

I then moved on to the reason I stopped in:  The Stinky Tofu!!

As the dish was put down on my table, it became immediately obvious why they call it "stinky."  The smell was just as pungent and formidable as everyone says.  I won't describe it here, because I don't aim to insult anyone.  I will just say that when you let things ferment, many times the scent is the first thing you will notice. 

It looked much like agedashi, or flash fried tofu.  I took a deep breath, and summed up as much courage as I could.  I took a bite, and chewed it thoroughly as to experience all the flavors.  To my surprise, the flavor was a bit more mild than the smell, but I couldn't take another bite.  I had a really difficult time getting past the smell; perhaps as a westerner who never experienced this type of food, it was just too much.  

I will be back for more delicious milk tea, and to sample some other foods.

Do yourself a favor, get off the couch and out of your comfort zone.  One day you will be a drooling fool with 2 taste buds and even less teeth; its time to LIVE!!  Come live at Ay-Chung.
Been to this Taiwanese restaurant that is famous in Taiwan for the Ay-Chung House Special Thin Noodle with Chittering (E1).  I don't think it is as good as the one I originally tried back in Taiwan, but it was pretty close.

But they also serve Taiwanese entrees like Pork Chop or Fried Chicken over Rice, Beef Noodle Soup, etc, which are all popular menu items in Taiwan.  I have to say that their Beef Noodle Soup has excellent flavor, and I prefer it being served with the wide noodles. The beef is pretty tender, but could be cooked longer so it will be more tender.

They also have a good selection of boba tea items.  I usually just order it without the boba (personal preference).

And for those looking for a free Wi-Fi hot spot, Ay-Chung definitely provides it.

Decor: 4/5 Modern look, relatively comfortable chairs.
Food: 4/5 I like it, and the service is fast.
Service: 4/5  They pretty much leave you alone after taking your order and bringing out your order.  So if you want to eat or surf the web in peace, this will be a good place to go.
Price: 4/5  Not really a bargain for what you get, but will not break any wallets either.

Overall, a solid 4/5.
i love this place! i love taiwanese beef noodle soup and it is very hard to find anywhere. the first time i got it was in Noodles in Belagio. A bowl there costs about $15 bucks. i read about Ay Chung so I decided to try it. i was not disappointed. the bowl was super huge. the noodles were delicious. it was full of yummy bok choy,and yummy good beef. not too much tendon either. some places dont put enough beef in their noodle soup. The price was very low too. so i am very happy i came to this place. too bad i live in Phoenix. Everytime i come to las vegas i will be sure to come here. Yummy!!
I was looking for a place with free wi fi and went to Tea Station yesterday but the wi fi wasn't working. I found this place via Yelp just a mile or so away. Boy, am I glad I did!

The restaurant is clean and spacious, has free wi fi, two flat screen tvs, and a comfortable vibe. The staff is very nice, doesn't rush you and push suggestions on you. If you're like me and needed to finish your taxes or work they give you all the space and time you need without making you feel like you've overstayed your welcome.

Of course, the food is good also. They're known for their stinky tofu, which I didn't order but smelled authentic. I ordered a milk tea with boba which was perfect. I also tried their Fu Chou fishball soup which was delicious and unique. To finish, two of us shared the shaved ice plate which was plenty for two.

I'd give this place 4.5 stars but since there's no such thing I'm rounding up.

Bottom line, better value and environment than Tea Station. We'll be back!
Aside from Volcano Tea, I go here for my boba drinks. Most of the time it's because we can sit down with our schoolwork and just chill there. They also have free wi-fi.

I mostly get the slushes with boba. Red bean w/ coconut, coconut & mocha slush are the ones I tend to get. I tried just plain red bean slush recently, but don't think I'll get it again. I do like red bean overall though.

I've only tried the shaved ice once here, but I don't really remember much.  I like getting my shaved ice in California.

The food here is ehh.. I don't ever order food here (unless I'm really hungry and don't want to go anywhere else, assuming I was already here to get boba and then suddenly got hungry). I can't really eat the food here -- it just doesn't fit my tastes and its quality isn't that superb. The stinky tofu smell gets to me x___x.

A lot of my friends know the staff here so it's pretty cool. Aside from the food, I like the place.
Tad slow service, but younger girl is friendly and pleasant. The beef noodle soup is great. The portion is huge and at an OK value. I would rather a smaller bowl and a buck or two off the price. A little less salt in the soup would be ideal as well.  Bubble tea tastes good, and I would def come back for both.
Ay-Chung is a great spot to get some Taiwanese food, drinks and snacks. I came here with family on a hot day and got shaved ice. The rest of the crew got various boba drinks. Everything was fast and tasty. Servers were nice too. I'll add another star once I have their hot dishes and liked them too.
Been coming to Ay-Chung regularly since they opened several years ago and always have the Beef Noodle and stinky tofu. Sad to report that they have closed for business (according to the sign on 5/21/11).
I think they may have closed. The sign didnt say they were permanently closed, but there was no indication of when they would reopen, or why they were closed. Bummer, I liked this place
I was looking forward to eating here when right as we pull into the asian strip mall, we see complete darkness inside the restaurant. We decided to park anyways and see if perhaps we came too early or today was their off day. Unfortunately, the establishment appears to be closed indefintely so if you are reading this, assume that it is closed until another review appears after mine.

Food Highlihg: None as they were not open
There is another China Mama restaurant in LA. Looks like they just opened a new one here in Las Vegas. 

The food here are consisted of mainly northern China dim-sums. They have many small dishes of marinated food on the menu. These are great as appetizers. One of my favorite is spicy pig leg. 

They also have noodles, and homemade dumplings. Their shredded chicken cold noodle is pretty good. Their pork dumpling is also my favorite.

So, this is a great place to taste some interesting food you normally won't find elsewhere. The place is nicely decorated and clean. The prices are reasonable, mostly around $5-$6. Because these are small dishes, you probably will be ordering many of them.
I've been to this place a few times now and it's been pretty good every time. 

The beef noodle soup is good.  I also really like the salt water duck, some of the best I've ever had.

The portions are a little on the small side, but the quality of the food is good and consistent.  Some of the better Chinese food available in Las Vegas.
So I'm new to Vegas, but this has got to be one of the worst Chinese restaurants in this city. 

They have two menus, one for appetizers and dim sum-like snacks, and the other for entrees. 

Two stars for our server who was blunt enough to tell us after we were about to order the Mongolian Beef, "Oh, don't order that. It's not very special, and really, only the white people eat that." Okaaay. So we pick something else, and again, "Not that special." 

If nothing on your menu is special, why should I feel compelled to come back here!? Please, it's not like you work for the DMV - you can at least PRETEND to like your job. A little honesty always wins points, but try to sell your product, too! Minus a a star.

He finally recommends some kind of pork that probably could have been topped by the Mongolian Beef because it was some sweet, stringy meat with more carrots than the meat itself.
This place may be under new ownership--they had a "Grand Opening" sign out front.  There are two menus (the server gives you both), but I can't for the life of me figure out why.  One menu has most (but not all) of the bao on it, as well as the noodle dishes. 
I had a terrible time deciding what I wanted to eat, knowing that there is NO WAY I could eat everything I ordered, even if I ordered two smaller items.  Good Chinese food is like that--the flavors make you full before you can get to the sore, bloated stomach stage.  I ended up choosing the cold noodles with shredded chicken and the tofu vegetable soup.  I know--not very inspired, but I knew I wasn't insanely hungry and there is only so much take out I can reasonably drag through three bus transfers to get home.
Other things that caught my eye were a lamb hot pot, a bacon dish, various fish slice dishes, dan dan noodles (just had those last week at another place, so I wanted something different), xiao long bao, several dishes with those delicious little sticky rice cake things, cold marinated pork ear (I love it), beef tendon, onion cakes and sticky rice wrapped in banana leaves with red bean inside.
Both the noodles and the soup I had were light and fresh, and the flavors were well-balanced.  The noodles also had shredded cucumbers on them, a soy dressing/sauce and peanuts on top.  I tried turning up the heat a bit with pepper oil, but right now I'm so pepper-resistant that I could probably drink sriracha sauce straight from the bottle and not even blink.  The noodles were excellent even though they weren't spicy.  The soup had a light chicken broth, not too greasy, not too spartan, tofu, eggs, spinach, and some fresh, tart tomatoes.
The waiter was doing his best to help non-Chinese (I'm not Asian, but you wouldn't know it from what I order) with choices, but I don't think anyone could have helped my "ooh I want this no I want this ooh that sounds good...so does that..." problem.  Very little on the current menu is American-style Chinese food.  Or maybe none, because I always ignore those offerings anyways.  I know I'll have to return.
This was some of the best Chinese food I've had, ever. On first visit received two different menus. I took the Weekly's advice and ordered the "juicy pork dumplings:" outstanding! (after the owner showed me how to eat them correctly - there is a process), and the stuffed pork "sandwich." Sooo good. I observed table next door ordered crispy "sticky bread" baguettes which when delivered, server cut into pieces with scissors. Didn't see it on the menus, though. 

Back for a second time and had the spicy wonton - it was about a 2.75-star spicy, so don't fear, and extremely tasty. Friend had something with the wide noodles - except it wasn't "noodles" - it was NOODLE! (BTW, he asked for the thin noodle and server said, "No, you get wide noodle.") That whole dish was one long noodle! It freaked him out a little (he murmured something about it looking like an intestine), but it was really good - homemade noodle. This second time I went back I asked about where the second menu was, server just waved finger at me and said, "No, one menu today." Not sure what that's about. Perhaps its only on weekends that you receive two menus. I will be going back despite the limited-English/gently forceful servers. The food is REALLY REALLY good.
They don't have take out menus. Humph.

Visit #3: Took my gramma here for a weekend lunch, and she too kept remarking throughout the meal how great the food was. This time we received 2 menus each and we were able to choose our noodle without resistance from the staff. My Italian nana knows good food and she wanted to order take out before our meal even ended. HAHA.
Admittedly from the street this place might look like a gentlemen's club, but once you walk in you'll be hooked by the great food, service, and cleanliness and will come back time and time again. 

Having lived in Shanghai, I'm incredibly picky with my xiao long bao (steamed juicy buns). China MaMa's juicy buns are, without a doubt, the best in Las Vegas. The skin is delicate and not overly doughy like many other restaurants and the perfect amount of soup inside each bun is flavorful. The owner told us that they grind their own meat rather than purchasing pre-ground meat in order to ensure that only fresh, relatively high-quality meat is used in the buns; you can definitely tell the difference. 

Other things to try are the Yuxiang Eggplant (which is listed on the typo-filled menu as Eggplant in Garlic Sauce), the Tianjin Buns, and the Scallion pancake. The folks at the table next to ours ordered what's listed on the menu as "Hand Pulled." It's a roti-like bread that looked oily but tasty.

In addition to homestyle Chinese food, China MaMa offers BoBa (which I have yet to try) and the cleanest bathroom of any Chinese restaurant I've been to in Vegas. 

Despite being a bit of a trek from Chinatown, China MaMa definitely deserves a visit.
Very clean, especially when compared to other Chinese restaurants.

Green onion pancake is the best I've found in Vegas. Extra wide noodles and "cat ear shaped" noodles are very good in noodle soups or as chow mein. I believe both those types of noodles are unique to this restaurant as I have yet to find another restaurant w/ either shaped noodle. I have had a hand cut wide noodle at another establishment, but it is not the same. Beef roll is also quite good, and I have not found that anywhere else either.

Price is not quite as cheap as some of the other restaurants in town, but I always put quality over price. Honestly, it's not that much more expensive either.

5 stars, because it is the best I've had in town so far. If I find somewhere else that tops this, I would consider re-adjusting to 4 stars.
Went for lunch and we were starving. They have a huge menu and at first we were overwhelmed. So we started ordering: combo noodle soup w/ thin noodles, green onion pancake, 2 different pork dumplings, sticky rice w/ red bean. um yea we ordered way too much food, but we wanted more. everything was delicious. the waitresses were all really nice, yet i think every time they came to the table, they expected me to break out in chinese.. ha, not going to happen. and yes i know i look chinese, but i think they were confused every single time. 

Anyway, i really enjoyed every single bite of my meal and wish i could have taken more bites. man. i'm thinking about those amazing pork dumplings. god.
Not all great chinese restaurants are on Spring Mountain !  Of course, China MaMa is just around the corner.

I  gauge the heat of a dish by how red the roomie's cheeks get as she eats.  The previous "hot" dishes were from yun nan garden and hot n juicy crawfish.  Well people, there's a new addition to the "heat" list - the fish filet in hot chili sauce from china MaMa - I LOVED THIS DISH !  I'm a lazy american so i get tired of picking fish bones out of my teeth or cracking shells that are covered in sauces that end up on my shirt and if i get another mouth cut from a sharp duck done, i think i'm gonna sue Chairman Mao.  With the filet dish - not a bone in sight just spicy goodness !

 Also enjoyed the dumplings, the buns and the noodles  and the green onion pancake ?  DAMN GOOD EATIN' 

I get a kick when i find a chinese restaurant  that brings a smile to the roomie's face - even if her face is beet red !

late lunch for 2 cost $38 but we had enough leftovers to cover dinner.
A traditional joint here, I wouldn't come here to order sweet n sour pork or moo goo gai pan....

Instead order the Beef noodle soup or any of the many dumplings or special dishes, green onion pancakes, red bean buns, pickled appetizers...

I had the Beef noodle soup, tastes like it should, lots o veggie here too, few pieces a bit tough, tender for the most part.  You can generally judge a restaurant by how good the potstickers are, so I tried them.  They should be soft and uniform in color on top, crispy and slightly browned on the bottom.  The inside should be moist and tender, slightly pinkish   ( a sign that it is not overcooked and most likely fresh,not frozen).  As these were.....10 med. sized pieces in an order, ate them all. I like mine extra crispy at the bottom, that's just me.... but you must make the "special" sauce to dip in... red chili paste/oil, vinegar, soy sauce and shazaaaaaam, instant mouth watering.... 

Next visit:  the dumpling experiment....

til next time..... good eating!
A second visit, this time with mom, didn't disappoint.  I chose this restaurant over Yun Nan Garden because mom isn't much on spicy food..  The Xiao Long Bao were great, as was the Sher Lihon with Bean Curd Skin.  We had the scallop with golden mushroom soup, too, but that wasn't as great as the other two dishes.  I don't think it was cooked badly or wrong--just not what I expected.  Not that I know exactly what I expected, either.
spicy cucumbers, soup dumplings, scallion pancake, special fish -- more sweet n sour but beautifully balanced -- and love that it was boneless.  

we were the only white folk in the joint and loved that -- but didn't feel like we were being given the "white folk" treatment...

Dinner for 2 (they don't have a liquor license) was $54.  We had enough for 4 easily...
We were welcomed by our waitress and seated in a booth.  I had several notes culled from yelp, the chow hound board and the above review, but solicited the waitress' input.  We ended up sharing orders of P28 - green onion pancake, P 23- steamed juicy pork buns, H96 - eggplant in garlic spicy sauce plus rice and tea.  Everything was delicious, but the pork buns were a revelation.
Around noon on a typical Sunday afternoon, i would be standing in line with about 20 other people waiting for my number to be called. DMV or Keno you ask? Nope... Waiting for a table for Dim Sum. A friend suggests I try out this new place that serves pretty authentic Shanghai dumplings and cuisine. I Yelp/Google China Mama and off we go.

A friend and I promptly arrive around 12:15pm. Its in the same plaza as Cafe Moda and Karaoke Q Studio. We walk through the door to find the place kind of empty. The place easily fits 100+ patrons, but today there were about 20 or so people. Kind of disappointing for a prime time lunch hour, but then again encouraging because there were many Asian people there.

We get seated and immediately get served tea. They give us two menus. One for the appetizers and one for more of a regular course entrees. We look over the menu and finally decide on four dishes:

Steamed Juicy Pork Bun - Xiao long bao ($7.25). Yum! I love this dish. There is definitely a certain way to eat this. Usually I put it in my soup spoon and break it open with my chopsticks. The broth/juices come oozing out and then I take a big bite. This dish comes with 8 pieces. I would definitely order this dish again.

Green Onion Pancake ($4.75). I've always been a big fan of green onions so this would naturally be right up my alley. This dish is also pretty darn good. The pancake is not overly oily but it does leave a slick film on your fingers. Very tasty! I would also definitely order this dish again.

Pan Fried Shrimp & Green Nira Pillow ($7.25). The waiter recommended this dish. It was good... Not excellent but good nevertheless. Inside had leeks, chopped up shrimp, and some eggs. I think I'd rather try another dish the next time around.

Dry Style Beef Noodle ($6.99). It was a hot day so we opted for the dry style instead of the soup. This was another decent dish. I'd definitely try it with the soup next time.

Overall, our bill for the four dishes came out to be $28 for the two of us. Not to bad. I really liked the waiter. He was very helpful in explaining the dishes. I also liked the way he first spoke to us in Mandarin, and then kept speaking to us in Cantonese when he found out we couldn't speak Mandarin. He had a great attitude and that definitely made the whole dining experience better. I would definitely eat here again!

Pictures included!
Based on the reviews here on Yelp, I went to China Mana on a Sunday, around11:30 am. Only one other patron in the restaurant. She was speaking chinese with the waiter.

Since I am on a mission to find excellent xiao long bao in Vegas, i was hoping that this place would do the trick. Alas, I was somewhat disappointed. The xiao long bao did not even come close to the ones I've had at Din Tiau Fung in Taipei, or Nanxiang in Singapore :-(

I also did have the port and picked turnip soup which was also average.

All in all, an average chinese restaurant.
With all the recent craze for China Mama and their famous XLBs, how could I say no?  

For our party of three, this is what we got:

* P23 Steamed Juicy Pork Bun (8) aka Xiao Lung Bao ($7.25) - The famous XLBs!  At first I thought they seemed a bit expensive, but once I got a look at these buggers I realized they were big ones!  The waiter brings a soy sauce dish with sliced ginger and we poured a bit of the black vinegar to mix with the ginger.  We attempted to pick up each dumpling without breaking them, but it proved fruitless.  Every single one broke as their skin stuck to the paper lining.  No hot juicy goodness inside at all, but rather all over the plate instead!  They were indeed meaty, but that's all they were, just meaty.  I wouldn't say they had a whole lot of taste, and the skins were dried out on top.  I've had better XLBs elsewhere, so they weren't a big winner for me.  
 
* P29 Beef Roll ($6.99) - We had to order this because it was mentioned in the Las Vegas Weekly review and sounded interesting enough.  It's definitely unique and something we've never seen or tasted before, and probably the favorite dish of the night.  It's rolled into a big pinwheel, and pretty good.

* H50 Chicken with Pickle Chili Sauce ($13.95) - The allure of 'pickle' was what prompted us to order this dish.  But there was no pickling in sight.  Just a spicy chicken dish with large pieces of red bell peppers.  Good, but not what we were expecting.

* H98 Eggplant & Basil Prep. in Hot Pot ($8.95) - Looking for some vegetables, we chose this one.  It came in a pot with a flame going on underneath.  Pretty tasty, but not spectacular.

* H108 Stir Fried Shredded Potato ($7.95) - Similar to a dish we've ordered at Yun Nan Garden, but this one lacked some much needed seasoning.

Service was good - tea was brought over promptly along with two menus.  The staff speaks English and asked if we needed water.  

Leftovers of the chicken and eggplant tasted even better the next day!

Overall, I came with high expectations of the XLBs, and it fell short.  The Beef Roll was the big surprise hit though.  The other dishes were good or average, but nothing to have me craving more.  The Husband enjoyed the service here much better than other Chinese restaurants we've encountered in Vegas.
Went here for lunch today. It's disappointing they don't have any kind of lunch menu or any option for smaller portions. It's impossible for 2 diners to polish off a full order of the steamed buns + anything else. -1 star for that. 

Steamed juicy Pork buns were great, but honestly not the best I've ever had or anything. Next time I'll try pan fried!

The beef roll was awesome! BBQ typed sliced beef with cliantro rolled up in a yummy pancake. Loved it. 

On a side note, being the idiot that I am, I assumed the big jar of dark liquid was soy sauce and poured it all over my plate (LOVE soy sauce). Welll it was black vinegar and was repulsive. The soy sauce (actually didn't quite taste like soy...) was in a tiny black bottle. This seemed out of the ordinary to me, but be warned... do NOT make the mistake I did and pour vinegar all over your plate.
had to have the beef roll...man oh man -- what a treat.   

and finally today, had their bean curd salad (one of my favorites that I saw when leaving the last time) -- and those yummy cucumbers -- so perfect on a hot day...

had the best xlbs today (even better than my 1st visit) -- and sorry Blair, but with the dumplings, there's nothing like that fabulous black vinegar...

Our darling server treated us to their special homemade jalapeno -- think shishitos roasted or on the robatayaki -- but these are jalapenos instead then sauced and they're to die for... also had their special many flavored peanuts (and bought some to take on the plane later this week to Paris).

Also shared the watermelon slush -- so good...not super sweet like a lot of asian frozen drinks can be, just yummy...seriously, what a perfect summer lunch...  It was nice introducing one my least adventurous co-workers to china mama...I don't think he'll go back without me, but he definitely was surprised and delighted...

go eat....
Its ok. their food is good, it smells good there, and i like it.
The XLB isn't the best I've ever had...I still feel like Joe's Shanghai in NYC gets that nod.  But it's the closest I'll get so I'll take it.  We've ordered quite a few things off the menu and all the dishes have be delicious with my favorite being the sliced fish in hot chili sauce which was worth every penny ($14).  

I've only gotten stuff for takeout but the seating area seems pretty decent and would consider eating there at some point.
We've had China Mama on our list for a few months and finally made it over there last week.  Ordered the Steamed Juicy Pork Buns and Dry Fried Beef Noodles.  (That's 2 dishes if you are counting).

Some dumplings arrived and I thought to myself that these do not look like the XLB I was expecting.  However, they were delicious and we enjoyed them.

Next arrived the Dry Fried Beef Noodles.  Do not order this.  The "dry fried" refers to the Beef, NOT to the noodles.  Not flavourful and half the beef was dry-fried fat, not meat.  (Do you not SEE that you are serving a chunk of fat?)

Next, a different waitperson stops at the table with another dish.  (wtf? 3 dishes?).  I told her we only ordered 2 dishes and that they had made a mistake.  A few minutes later, the manager (older, matriarchal lady) comes to the table to explain that they had served the first set of dumplings in error and that the second plate of dumplings was the correct order.  I told her we had enough food, but if they were going to waste, we would eat them.  She countered by assuring me that it was not too much food (for 2 people) and she set the dumplings down.  (This is a cultural thing, I think, and I didn't take it as her being pushy)

The XLB were, by this time, luke-warm and, while edible, they were not anything I'd go out of my way for.  The first set of dumplings (the Shanghai pan-fried dumplings) were excellent and flavourful and they are the reason I gave CM 2 stars.

When the check arrived, I was shocked to see the Manager had CHARGED us for both sets of dumplings - the ones we ordered and the ones we had not.  Outrageous.  I'm kicking myself for paying the full amount as I would usually set the matter straight, but I guess I was a little shocked by the ballsyness of this place. 

This entire experience left such a bad taste in my mouth that I won't be back.
Great authentic Northern food. This is more of a 4.5. I only took a half point out because the beef noodle soup could've been tastier. But definitely try the beef roll and the xiaolongbao.
It's hard to find good Taiwanese food in Vegas. My roomate suggested this place so we all went to try it. He said they have good beef noodle soup but I wanted to try other things. They even have dao shao noodles, the one they slice thick with a knife from a big block. We tried the pork with preserved vegetables noodle soup, the pork chop rice, the shao long bao and bao ze. It was all pretty good and they have another menu for more traditional Chinese dishes, but I would definitely come back here to try more of the Taiwanese dishes.
Not bad!  The famous Xiao Lung Bao is worth its reputation, or at least it was when I went.  The filling was good, the burst of hot broth inside makes for a cool novelty, and the fresh ginger on the side makes it even better.  I also ate the pan-friend Shanghai dumplings, which had a nice green onion flavor along with the cripsy-fried dough taste.  They didn't blow my mind, but they were fine.  I wouldn't drive across town for them.  I ate the spicy pig ear appetizer, which offers something fairly unusual for a nice price of less than $5.  It's a heaping dish of cold slices of stir-friend pig ear, which has a crunch reminiscent of tripe, drenched in chili oil and (I think) sesame oil.  It was fun to eat pig ear, but the flavor was a little boring.  I think a better quality of chili oil could make the difference.  Last and least, I ate the salt-and-pepper squid, which came deep-fried in fluffy tempura-like batter.  It had salt all right, but I'm not sure if there was any pepper.  It also had some fried garlic and green onion.  It was kind of boring too, but at least the squid was nice and tender and not hard to chew.  Everything was fine here and the staff was nice, so there's nothing really bad to say about it.  It just didn't rock me.  I saw some people getting huge dishes of Kung-Pao chicken and other whitey treats, so I know that they give you your money's worth.  If you go here, I'd recommend that you bring a friend and get a few smaller dishes (dumplings, etc) instead of full-on entrees.  Also try to make sure you don't get too many dishes that rely on green onion for flavor, because the China Mama seems pretty crazy about green onion and you don't want to end up having a private green onion festival at your table.
Excellent selection, high quality food. Blows XO out of the water, in my opinion.

I haven't seen a chinese food menu in vegas that was more extensive than this.

Among a bunch of us, we had the spicy pig ear, a lamb noodle dish that was ridiculously spicy, sesame chicken, kung pao chicken, beef with broccoli, potstickers... was a chinese food feast. Delicious!

Highly recommended.
They had just been written up in up and awarded in the NPR magazine and were rightly proud. They had been busy and were out of the juicy pork dumplings and green onion pancakes but we were still wildly impressed with the kung pao chicken, sesame pancake and beef noodle soup. My dining companion thought the soup looked "scary" but still loved it! Can't wait to go back. Why Scary? Dark and rich and concentrated with super tender beef slices and fresh green leaves that really looked like no other soup I have seen in Las Vegas chinese restaurants. Charlie was really a great waiter too.no Amex accepted
Giving it 2 stars on quality for the second time around. We ordered beef and broccoli, sesame chicken, pot stickers. The potstickers weren't fully cooked, the beef and broccoli was bland, and the sesame chicken was slimier than usual.

It just didn't have much taste at all. The selection of food is fantastic. The first time, the quality was much better. I'll try it ONE more time, and hopefully third time is a charm.
Our hiking group had lunch here on 19 November 2009 to celebrate one of our member's birthday. We had 2 orders of beef rolls, one of the green onion pancakes, 2 orders of XLB, some sizzling seafood over crispy rice, Mongolian beef, crispy stir fried beef, and an order of extra spicy stir fried chicken. There were 8 of us. The birthday girl was the only one who had been there before.

The only disappointment were the green onion pancakes. They were quite bland, and I looked for salt. No luck.

They made an impromptu dessert for the group of deep fried buns with white sugar and a bit of chocolate sauce as a birthday gift for our friend. 

I will be back with my wife. I was very impressed with the service and the XLB. I want to try some of their other things.
Christmas Day, the young man was craving some cong you bing (scallion pancakes) and I had read about China Mama on here. I was pretty certain they'd be open, but just to make sure I called beforehand. I tried starting at 10am but no answer.... closer to 11am they answered and indeed were open -- at 11am!

We headed over there, got seated, looked at a menu and our server, a Shanghainese man, seemed quite pleased to speak my home dialect with me.

They don't have salty soy milk and if you want sweet soy milk, you can add the sugar yourself. What they bring to you is a bowl of plain soy milk -- which was fine by us because we added some vinegar and soy to it and it sufficed. Not the best, but it worked.

The XLB arrived right after the soymilk and immediately, I knew they wouldn't be very good. A few had pierced through so all the juicy liquid had oozed out. I picked up an XLB and put the thing in my mouth after dipping it into vinegar -- hmmmm --- the piece of meat was too dense -- definitely not good enough for me to come back just for these, but what followed turned out to be a really wonderful surprise.

Potstickers arrived and after biting into one I was completely sold! These were some of the most perfect potstickers I've ever had -- crispy on the bottom and still succulent everywhere else. the wrapper wasn't too thick and the filling not too small -- it was pretty damn good!

Sheng jian bao (don't know what they are called in English) are these little buns which contain pork. I've not had anything this perfect in the US. The bottom was crispy and the top had the perfect pillowy softness of the bao. Most places I've had these at would steam the bun first and then fry the buns when you order. This is the wrong way to cook these. The name 'sheng jian bao' literally means pan frying the bun from its raw format. What they do is, they fry the raw bun in a pan, add liquid, close the lid to 'steam' the bun as it cooks the filling and the top part of the bun, remove lid and wait until the bottom is dry, remove and serve. 

And how do I know that these were done the correct way? Well, there is a certain crust that forms on the bottom and around the bun and these ones had it. The other sign is that the bun part is like a pillow when you bite into them, not hard and dense like those you might find at dim sum where they steam the buns and then pan fry them.

Definitely some of the best sheng jian baos ever!

Cong you bing -- was okay, wasn't the best I've ever had, a little too greasy, but they used enough scallions so it was a plus.

I saw another table had the beef roll and couldn't resist but order some. This was another dish which is done to perfection here! They are generous with the five spiced beef filling and the condiments like cilantro is ample but not too much or too little. The sweet sauce they drizzle into it is also not overtly sweet and so, enhances the flavors without making it sickly sweet.

Definitely some really above average Chinese/Taiwanese breakfast foods I've tasted! This will stay on my list of places to return to whenever we're in town!

4.5 stars!
We revisited this restaurant for dinner and shared orders of shrimp with special hot chili sauce and chicken prepared with three special sauce and basil.  The shrimp were served with the heads, but the biggest problem was they were mealy most likely from being refrozen.  We fared better with the chicken dish.
I live in New York, where we have three spectacular Chinatowns, and this restaurant is truly my favorite Chinese restaurant in the country!  I come to Vegas about twice a year, and this is the only restaurant that I make a point of coming to without fail every single trip.

My favorite dish on the menu is the sliced fish in hot chili sauce.  I ask them to add beef to the dish, which they do so nonchalantly, as if every other person makes the same request.  It's so spicy I'm usually the only one at the table who'll eat it, and even I can barely take it, but it's one of my favorite dishes.  In any restaurant.  Anywhere.

The beef noodle soup and beef rolls are my other faves and I try to order them as often as possible.

One note:  I happen to hate cilantro.  If anyone out there is like me, be sure to tell your waiter, because they put it on EVERYTHING, including the three dishes I mentioned above.  Once in a while I forget to tell the waiter not to put it in, and I spend about 10 minutes picking it out.
I go to China Mama every time we go to LV, which is a couple of times a year. It is very authentic and a great value. Most of the time we have great service, once in a while service is a bit slow. If you decide to order the soy milk, get ready to wait, they make it fresh so it takes at least 30 mins! And it is a big bowl, not individual serving. 
Pretty much everything on the menu was good. The deep fried intestines were the best! If you didn't know what it was, you would never guess what it was.

Good food and good prices!
4 stars for vegas standards, 3 stars compared to the bay...but china mama's is still a cute little place we found off strip while on an epic hangover quest. beef noodle soup did just the trick. thick noodles, fatty braised beef, and a good broth base, i was back on my feet in no time. they have northern china styled foods in general. xiao long bao were a bit of a surprise. a little lacking on the soup but it had a pretty good skin that wasn't overly chewy or doughy. green onion pancakes and dou jiang (hot soy milk) were average. all in all, this place was pretty good. if i lived in vegas, i'd probably eat here again.
Ordered several of the dishes for dinner. Despite my communication hiccups with the wait staff the dishes that try brought out were phenomenal. If you like spicy food then get the fried rice cake with chili. The Mongolian beef was sweet but pretty good. All the other dishes were authentic
 but keep in mind the portions are large so order like you would family style
Yum.

+Great service
+Yummy tea
+Salt and Pepper Prawns are delicious!
+Husband loved the Beef Roll

The Chicken Chow Mein was OK--not the best I've had, & I probably wouldn't order it again.

I was a little surprised that none of the entrees came with white rice. If you want rice, you'll have to order it.

I'll be back
Let's get right to it ,shall we? 

The +'s...The food is done with the right amount of snap and freshness that Chinese MSG-athons usually lack. The appetizers of cold meats, seaweed, and at the suggestion of the waitress, cool cucumber were a nice round of refreshment that complimented each other well. The dishes of Cumin Lamb is a very nice version of an Indian meat chili and is very fresh and well-heated. The hot pot "fungus" and fish was very hot but not unmanageable and left a nice spicy heat around the lips for quite a bit after the last bite. 

The menu is packed, and even though written down for the English reading foodies, there seems to be a wealth of food to choose from. The rice was sticky, the tea hot, and the flavors from the dishes were all well-spiced and cooked perfectly. The decor isn't overwhelming and there's plenty of spacious boothes. The wait staff is courteous and friendly. Heck, they didn't even flinch at my lefthanded chopstick usage. And the portions are very generous, but the price is low. A great value to be sure. 

The -'s... I could do without the Kenny G being piped in. Chinese soft pop I can stand, but keep the beige "jazz" out. The entrance can be a confusing game of guess which-door-lets-you-in-the-building. And I'm getting used to ordering the jellyfish and being politely told it wasn't on the menu ( for gringo's anyway, though the waitress said something about the manager not always wanting to have it available ). The two menu thing was a bit confusing. Was one lunch and the other for dinner? I don't know. I guess they think we're all two-fisted diners. 

Overall, this is a very nice, calm place that serves very nice Chinese fare. I can see a large table of friends doing a family style get-together, and not being made to feel uncomfortable. And I didn't even try the dumplings yet! I'll definitely dine here again. Count on it.
The dumplings were delicious. So were the beef roll and the green onion pancake. Service was poor and somewhat bizarre. Server seemed to completely forget about us. Entire staff came into dining room during dinner service to literally build a table - with a drill, work gloves, etc. Chef at one point came out of kitchen carrying a giant bowl of rice from which he was eating. He wandered around chewing and barking orders at staffers. Staffers kept dropping boxes -- of dishes? -- etc. in the dining room. Confusing and distracting. Dumplings were good though. The show - not so much.
The scallion pancake is good here. Reminds me of the one in Dallas but thinner and still crispy. I got one of the vege w/ shredded pork noodle. It taste good, not too flavored, very light, and the noodle is very qq. I didn't like the dressing they made for the cold shredded chicken noddle. 

So I came back here. Here's a deal. If you want salty duck leg, you might as well get the salty duck noodle, because the prices is about the same, and you get the same thing but with noodles too. Noodles is great. Their spicy vege tofu house dish is pretty good. I also really like their salt and peppered fried squid dish.  This place still has great tasting food.
Now, this is a place that you go when you want to impress your guest! The food is made to feed "royalty." I have been visiting this restaurant weekly for the last month. Now, that is an obsession as you can see, but when you try their onion pancake, crispy beef (nice and sweet, with carrots, onions, etc. ) or juicy pork buns, you will see why. The menu does take a while to read since the selection it's out of this world. The place is cozy and the staff extremely helpful and simply wonderful. I cannot repeat myself anymore, simply go and see it for yourself. This is one of my favorite restaurants in town!  Forgot to mention that I also carry the takeout menu in my car!!
Simply put, China Mama has excellent food (at great prices) and good service.  It deserves any praise and accolades it's accumulated over the years.  First, the food is fresh, flavorful and not greasy. I love that their Crispy Chicken Prep was not saturated in oil but it lived up to it's name and was served with steamed broccoli. My only gripe was they put a bit too much sauce on the chicken, otherwise it was great. My personal favorite is their seafood soup with sizzling rice cake. It was absolutely divine. It was a hot pot filled with flavorful broth, bok choy, seafood, bamboo and sizzling rice. So fucking delicious, especially on cold nights. Their beef roll was a bit incongruous but proved successful. It looked like a burrito (but sliced) but it was heavenly. It had a hint of sesame oil, beef, wrapped in a tasty tortilla(?) not sure, but who gives a fuck. 

I love that they don't shy away from so-called "weird items" and they didn't succumb to trying to please American taste. Besides having the usual kung-pao, orange chicken, and all that other Panda Express shit. They have items like tea smoked duck, sliced lamb with pickle chili sauce, and spicy pig feet. It makes me want to go back and try these items. 

Ambiance was a notch above other Chinese restaurants I've been to.  A bit small, but I think that' s good.  Place was clean, food served on crisp white plates, soft rock playing in the background. Overall, it's one of my favorites Chinese restaurants in the valley.
I've been going here for so long and enjoying their food for so long I can't believe I haven't yelped about it yet.  All i can say is YUMMM.  Be adventurous here because every dish I have tried so far I have liked.
The food was not bad at all.  The one big disappointment was the siu long bao.  It was overcooked and dry.  Besides that the other dishes were quite delicious.  Beef roll and stuffed pork pockets were scrumptious with just the perfect amount of seasonings.  Their handmade soup noodles were quite good too.  Will definitely come back to try some of their other dishes on the menu.
I had high expectations of this restaurant considering it was so hyped up by "Best of...." and my man who kept telling me what great chinese food this was.  I cannot blame him much tho for he is a whitey :)  My comfort food is cantonese, to some people, chinese food is chinese food is chinese food.

I think I just ordered the wrong dishes....I had salt and pepper shrimp.  It came with some nasty thick coating of batter, no shell or head.  

The second dish we ordered was the tofu and shrimp balls.  I was more curious and intrigued about the tofu and shrimp balls because I love tofu and shrimp and because it was sooooo expensive ($16.90).  I wanted to find out why it was so pricey and was it worth the price. It was quite interesting and not what I expected, obviously home made which is a plus.  It was nice and crispy on the outside but a strange texture on the inside: mushy and flavorless.  Not sure I would order it again.  It seemed labor intensive, but not worth $17.

The third dish we ordered was the napa cabbage with shrimp paste. It was pretty tasty and the only reason why I give this place a two star rather than a one star rating.

I expected this restaurant to be cantonese which it is obviously NOT!After looking at all the other reviews perhaps I will give this place another try and order dumplings, soup, beef rolls and maybe even try green onion pancakes.  

(p.s. service is good, place is clean)
This is regular lunch spot for me. 
It's hard to find home-made style noodles in Vegas and China Mama has it. Whether it's thick noodle or cat's ear, they have 4 kinds of noodle variety to choose from.

The staple is the beef stew noodle soup (6.99) & their beef roll ($6.99)
Actually any of their noodle dishes are really good. I have tried the Dry Style Beef Stew Noodle, Combination Noodle Soup, Noodle with Sesame Sauce (they are all really decent) 

And some of their appetizers like Pigs Ear or Beef Tripe/Tendon are worth a try too.

The service is excellent, very friendly and speaks good English, LOL and the place is very clean.

The prices are not bad, we ordered 6 dishes and it was only $40, and we got plenty of left-overs too!

I gave this 4 stars because sometimes the service could be faster. When you are on a short lunch break, every minute counts.

** Update, try the Twice Cooked Pork & Spicy Won Tons. They are soooo good!~
Hmmm...not so much. My visit to China Mama was disappointing since I had heard good things about the place. The service was a mixed bag as they rarely checked back but they were friendly when they showed up. 
The food was the worst part. We ordered the drunken chicken which was boiled cold chicken cut into pieces bones and all with booze on top. No flavor, the texture of the cold chicken skin was like biting the inside if your own mouth. Trying to eat these bite size chunks with the sharp, jagged chicken bones inside was impossible. Next up we had a 5 spice beef appetizer which was again cold (WTF?) and was basically pho soup beef on a plate with cilantro. The plate was pretty just didn't taste that way. 
Those were the worst dishes. The best we had were the orange flavored chicken on a sizzling plate. A little deceptive in name as it tasted like chicken teriyaki on a sizzling fajita plate and that was fine by me. The beef rolls were also one of the other few high points in an underwhelming  dining experience. They were also seasoned with 5 spice and cilantro but the beef inside was brushed with a sweet sauce that worked well with the grilled wrap.
The rest of the dishes we tried were basically the same vanilla Chinese I find here in a lot of the Vegas local scene. Stick to China Town staples like Joyful House, Diamond China etc.
After reading all the rave reviews, I decided to gather a few friends to try out this so called hidden gem.  I have to say we were greatly disappointed!  We ordered the highly suggested Beef Roll and received what seemed to be a cold, Mexican burrito.  It was dry and tasteless.  We also ordered the steamed juicy buns, which were no more than pork dumplings.  The rest of the meal consisted of Walnut Shrimp, Tofu with Black Bean Sauce and Veggie Chow Mein.  They were ok...nothing that lived up to the great reviews.  The service wasn't much to brag about either.  The entrees came out sporadically and we weren't hungry by the time the last item arrived.  Also, the waiter was hard to track down and we had to follow up a few times for items we requested.  Our overall experience was lackluster and I have to give it the thumbs down!
I don't know about this one. My girlfriend and I both got sick next day from eating this place.

We had the xiao loong baio (soup dumpling), and they tasted weird. The texture of the stuffing was mushy, loose, and dry.  It was like eating undercooked cornmeal.

The cold noodle was not bad, a little cheap on the portion of shredded chicken. Pan Fried Shrimp & Green Nira Pillow was the best thing served that night. It was very fresh and tasty.
Came here on Saturday night after planning to go to Bosa 1 across the parking lot, but Bosa 1 was closed.  All was ok, as I was planning to go to China Mama at some point and this was a good opportunity.

I found the service to be very friendly and characteristic of a family run restaurant.  Coming here with my spouse and child, we figured trying a few of the smaller appetizer plates that have been well received to be a good plan, to try a 'tasting' menu of the more popular dishes.  We ordered the beef roll, the pork soup dumplings, the scallion pancake, and, hoping to match cold sesame noodles common back east, the noodles in sesame sauce. 

All items were good, but the beef roll was the star of the show - unctuous, flavorful and savory, with a wonderful hoisin sauce/sesame oil aroma.  All other items were very good, but I was a bit disappointed in the sesame noodles, as they were a bit mild and served warm (although eating them the next day cold rectified that).

I highly recommend China Mama - friendly service, good food more reminscent of american coastal chinese cuisine (probably closer to San Francisco style as opposed to NY, but good nonetheless).
This is def one of my favorites. I love the beef roll - even if you're with a picky eater, I dunno who couldn't possibly like this. It's like someone saying they don't like kalbi- Korean BBQ. The tripe with garlic sauce app is a must, along with the napa cabbage with dried shrimp, crispy beef, kung pao cabbage, fried leek buns, and of course the xiao long bao although they are not as good as NYC but it's def the best here in Vegas
I was pleasantly surprised by their cleaniness when I walked inside. Chinese restaurants are notorious for being filthy inside. After looking at the menu, I decided to go with the Beef Stew Noodle Soup with wide noodles.  The bf decided on the Seasme Noodles and of course we ordered the infamous Xiao Long Bao. My dish was very tasty, but I ordered the wrong noodles....it was too hard to eat. The bf's dish was delicious, but I felt that it needed some kind of protein. Now for the infamous Xiao Long Bao...I thought they were good, but will it be something that I will wake up craving in the middle of the night for? Probably not. Overall, I thought the food here was good and I will return to eat.
Green Onion pancake is one of my favorite snacks and they do it right here. Subtle flavors and maximum lush texture meld of chewy and crispy.

It was kinda hard to figure out some of the vague descriptions...it sounds like something that I'm looking for, but was still very unsure. Not that there are many descriptive Chinese menus, but this was definitely one of the worse ones. 

I just rolled with the first thing I saw on the Yelp highlights about some sort of crispy beef. 

It was okay, very starchy. Some crispy slivers I'm not quite sure if it was just a crisp, with no beef in it at all. It was highlighted in red which I thought was spicy, it wasn't at all. It would have been better if its less sweet and spicy to balance it. 

It said it was $9.95 on the menu. Charged $11.95.

With the language barriers I've been hearing occur here, I just was satisfied to be full of pancake, pain and rolled on out than dispute things. 

Later I read that they add on rice, so we each had a bowl of rice so I figured that was the case for the extra. Further reading says its 50 cents a serving bowl. In that case they charged us for 4 bowls.

Oh well.
Finally tried this place today after having it bookmarked for a while. I was pretty spoiled by having my Chinese friends taking me to the best places in Toronto and doing all the ordering...hence avoiding any kind of communication difficulty. We ended up ordering the juicy pork buns, green onion pancake, hot & sour soup (miscommunication on this one--the bf ordered a small for himself because he was the only one who wanted soup, but they brought out a giant bowl enough for 5-6 people. Oh well), fried rice cake with spicy chilis, crispy stir fried beef, boiled shrimp dumplings and an orange sizzling chicken. Yeah, we ordered waaaay too much for the 4 of us. We have a habit of doing that. Guess I know what I'm having for lunch tomorrow! Anyway, the dumplings were pretty good--ive definitely had better, but these did the job. The pancake was yummy and I like the shrimp dumplings. The fried rice cake dish was different than we've had before---the rice cakes were more tubular as opposed to the flatter oval bias cut type I'm used to. It was pretty tasty, but nothing I'm going to crave. The sizzling chicken was a bit too fatty for my taste, but everyone else loved it. I didn't have the beef dish either (which the waitress had recommended), but my parents really enjoyed it. Aside from the soup size miscommunication we didn't have any problems and the waitress was really good about refilling the waters...which is usually not the case at Chinese places for some reason. The service was very good and they were more than happy to package up the leftovers for us. Would definitely come back again when I need my green onion pancake and soup dumplings fix! Plus, the bf really wants to order the squirrel shaped fish dish just to see what the heck that means....
I was craving China Mama....really wanting their beef stew noodle soup. I ordered it with the regular noodles this time and it was just a disappointment. The beef was so tough to eat and the broth wasn't very beefy, spicy or flavorful at all. I was so sad, but the bf had ordered the green onion pancake and pot stickers. Yum.....to both. He also ordered the crispy beef...which I am not a fan of, but I guess for those of you who love teriyaki sauce this would be a good dish. Pot stickers skin was crunchy on the outside and cooked just perfectly. The green onion pancakes were good too especially with some chili sauce! Overall, I don't think I will be craving China Mama's spicy beef stew anymore, but I will be back for some potstickers or other appetizers.
I have had the pleasure of eating here last night.  The szechwan style cooking is execelent!

I came alone but I ordered their xiao long bao (soup dumplings).  It was decent.  Not too shabby but not the best I've had.

I also ordered the shui joo niu (beef in spicy chili oil).  And it was execellent!  The beef was tender (I can tell it was well preped since it was not the highest quality meat).  Overall it was very good.

I would definately return to try other goodies I saw on the menu!
OK, so I have to admit I got here because of The Las Vegas Weekly Review...but I did check Yelp to see if it was up to snuff. I must say I was not disappointed. The soup dumplings were good, I loved having the vinegar on the table and not feeling rushed( a feeling I got back in NYC at Joe's Shanghai(the best soup dumplings I have had so far)). The crispy beef was sweet and crunchy, and was also suggested in the Weekly review. We ordered a Hot and Sour Soup that was tangy and filled with all sorts of goodies( ask for the small bowl to feed 3 or more...The large must be able to feed an army). The waiter suggested we try the scallion pancake next time...and we shall return to do just that.
The jasmine tea was beautiful,  aromatic and not too strong.
The waiter was thoughtful and very experienced. We enjoyed our late night meal there, and will be back.
We decided to try this place after the Las Vegas Weekly ran a rave review. We weren't disappointed.

But there are some low points: First, know going in that the menu is very confusing (in Chinese and English with lots and lots of options).  So prepare to be patient when figuring out the menu because the staff is not much help and spoke very limited English.

With that in mind, China Mama is the best chinese food I've found in Vegas.  We followed the exact recommendations of the reviewer and ordered steamed pork dumplings and crispy beef.  Wonderful.  The dumplings were tender and stuffed with a nice mix of pork and green onion.  The crispy beef was wonderfully seasoned, but a little greasy.

We also went out on our own with a standard Kung Pao Chicken and a very interesting fried rice with pineapple, shrimp and sausage.  The best.  The best fried rice I've ever had.  The Kung Pao was great.  It's a standard, but there are plenty of chinese places that fail with the sauce.  China Mama doesn't.  It's definitely one of the better kung pao's I've ever had.
Forget Panda Express!

Beef Roll
Peanut Sesame Noodle
Fish & Tofu soup (MY FAVORITE) 
Duck - nice mild flavor
Kung Pao Chicken - standard but delicious
Saw it on Las Vegas weekly. Tried it today, and maybe it was just what I ordered but I wasn't impressed. Great service though! I ordered the dumplings it was ok. Spicy wontons were better than the dumplings. I don't like writing bad reviews, but it wasn't for me. Although I often judge Asian restaurants by how many Asian people where inside and there were many. Ordered shrimp fried rice which was the best thing I ordered but u can't really go wrong with fried rice. I probably wouldn't go back.
I preface this review by noting that I'm not an expert in Asian or Chinese cuisine. I'm new to this. This place is hit or miss. They have a lot of great dishes, but they also have a lot of not so great dishes. I enjoyed the kung pao chicken and the beef roll. I was NOT a fan of the 5 spice beef. My girl warned me, but I proceeded to order it anyway. Yuck. The sesame noodles were pretty good too. The service is spotty at best. It's hard to get someone's attention to get refills on water and tea and our vegetable dish came out at the end of our meal, after we were already done with all of our main dishes. I think it would have been better if they timed the dishes a little better than that. Also, the temperature inside the restaurant is kept unnaturally cold, so I was little put off by that. Overall, I was satisfied and the price is right. I just have to learn what dishes to order and stick with that.
This place is more like a 3 1/2 star, but there is more here that I like than I don't like so I give them the benefit of the extra half star.

The menu here is extensive and there are a lot of good dishes to choose from. There are also some very mediocre dishes to keep an eye out for unfortunately. 

The beef roll, sesame noodles, kung pao chicken, spicy eggplant, crispy beef and a lot of the spicy dishes are fantastic, although almost bordering on too spicy. The soup dumplings and green onion pancake are just ok. Probably the best in Vegas, but that isn't saying too much. You can't compare them to any NYC or LA standard fare. I haven't been too impressed with the vegetable preparations. Just a little too overcooked and soggy for my taste.

There is definitely a lack of quality Chinese restaurants in this town, but this is one of the go to places for me. Cheap and easy, just how I like it.
After learning the hard way that The Maple Tree is closed on Mondays (boo-hiss) I took a chance on China Mama. I'd heard good things from co-workers and Yelpers about this place, and the rainy weather in Vegas just -screamed- for a good soup.

I ordered the mini wonton soup, and the green scallion pancakes. The broth on the soup was light, but flavorful, and the wontons were VERY tasty. I might be mistaken, but they put either shredded cloud ear mushroom, or seaweed in the soup, and I enjoyed it quite a bit. It was not overly kelpy, as Japanese seaweed is really overpowering to me.

The scallion pancakes were the BEST i've had in Las Vegas, and the best i've had in years. I used to order this in LA, at this one hole-in-the-wall place and China Mama's totally brought me back to those days. Slightly chewy, lightly crispy, the flavor was a perfect, delicate green onion flavor that i'd forgotten i'd been missing for SO LONG. If you love oniony carb goodness; do yourself a favor, and try this perfect bit of heaven.

It's a bit out of my way, but if i'm in the neighborhood, i'm going back in a heartbeat!
A friend suggested this.. and we met up here with 2 other friends on Christmas day. Another friend also suggested I get wide noodles with an order.

Based on Yelp's reviews we ordered Beef Roll, Green Onion Pancake, and Xiao Long Bao. I only liked the beef roll and the xiao long bao. The beef roll was really yummy to me. I'd order that each time I go.. if I do go again, lol.

What really killed the stars was cause the service was mediocre. The guy that took our order was helpful, but after we were all finally done with orders, he never came back. No one did, actually. We had to basically call people to get our check. I never even get my last order...

I'm HUGE on service delivery and quality so this experience kind of sucked. It started off pretty good and ended pretty bad. Bleh.
SO FAR, my favorite Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas.  I grew up in LA, lived in NY and San Diego, and now have found myself in Salt Lake City, where there isn't much in the way of decent Chinese food... and after that preamble, let readers be forewarned that I've had quite a Chinese food drought lately, so China Mama was like... an answered prayer for me (or some type of delicious drug...).  This is my aunt-in-law's favorite place to take us when we visit her in Las Vegas, and oh don't we love it when she treats us out here.  Pork Mini Buns were juicy and flavorful with nice thin and nicely textured skins.  Scallion pancake was crispy and just greasy enough.  We had fish in spicy sauce, and shredded potatoes.  Oh, and black fungus with special sauce- it says spicy but you can pick all the pepper pieces out and it is oh so tangy and delicious.  

The place smells a little funky (like cleaning solution. Why is it that these places always smell like cleaning solution???) but the decor is decent, the place looks clean, the service is decent, and the food hit the spot.
I actually ordered food for delivery from RoadRunnerFood.com so I can't really speak to the service, except what the driver told me.

My husband and I ordered the Lamb & Assorted Vegetables w/Szechwan Hot Sauce In Pot (yep, to go), combination fried rice, Cold Mixed Crystal Noodle, Shredded Carrot & Cucumber, and mouth-watering chicken (that was all the information on the menu but it sounded interesting).  For the lamb and cold noodle, can you tell I'm just copying and pasting from the online menu?  I'm not typing all that crap out.

We ended up getting the combination fried rice, mouth-watering chicken, and two of the lamb dish. No cold crystal noodles.  But it's all good because the lamb is about $10 more.  

The lamb dish and combo fried rice were so good!  The mouth-watering chicken comes cold, which I'm good with.  But it has a lot of tiny bones, which makes for annoying eating.  And it made my tongue feel funny so I may be allergic to it.  :) Note to self... avoid vague dishes.  

Our food took a while and China Mama apparently aggravated our driver a little bit.  But China Mama's defense, the mayor showed up.  However, that was after we placed our order so I don't think the mayor was the problem.

I noticed some reviewers had issues with the service here.  If you love the food but hate the service, you might consider using Road Runner Food and get the food delivered.  Just make sure to tip the driver well.
I was there for dinner this evening (Saturday, January 22), and yes, Mayor Goodman and his wife walked in for dinner.  He is so popular and really put a smile on everyone's faces.  There was also a very crowded table next to us (there were 14 seated at that table)...it turned out that that was a table of food critics from all over the US...even as far away as New York.

Like the previous poster who ordered Combination Fried Rice, so did we.  I must say that this was about the best fried rice I have ever had, and I'm Chinese.  It had Chinese sausage, pineapple and shrimp.  Their xiaolungbao (little dragon buns known on most Chinese menus) seemed to have been even better than before.  We also had shredded pork with dry tofu.  We had a few other dishes and they were all great.

Service was a little slow (slower than normal...never had a problem before), but not awful.  With the restaurant being so full and between the critics and Mayor Goodman, it was quite understandable.  The wait staff was as friendly as usual, especially, Charles.  I was at the Grand Luxe at the Palazzo at 1 am a few nights ago, and I can tell you that my pastrami sandwich took way longer.

I highly recommend this restaurant.  I have been there many times.
A couple of nights ago the hubby and I were in search of something good to eat, while making are monthly trip to LV. He wanted The Hush puppy- ehh me not so much. Don't get me wrong it's tasty, but I'm not a big lover of just fried fish. So I put faith in my yelpers and while searching for good Chinese I decided on China Mama. As we enter we are ushered to our seats and given menus- 2 different ones @ that. Our waitress who didn't crack a smile came back to take our order what seemed like to be an eternity. I let the husband order the meat entree: Orange Chicken & Beef Broccoli, and I got us the fried rice w/ pineapple, shrimp & sausage. Yummy, everything was tasty and came out fast. It was one of the best orange chickens I've had: crispy, hint of orange zest amazing, the rice was genius & delicious. I wanted to get the beef roll but honey was hating on me. Honestly after that meal I wouldn't be able too anyhow. We now have a great Chinese spot- will be great with a group of friends. Side note our waitress wasn't friendly @ all to us, but very nice to a large group? The manager I presumed and the food made up for her .
My favorite Chinese place in the U.S. No joke. 

I love spicy foods, and this place fulfills my cravings every time. Sure, out of the 3-4 we order, I get the 2 same dishes all of the time, but you know why? Cause it's frickin' delicious.

Those two are Mapo Tofu (spicy sichuan style tofu with ground pork) and Shui Zhu Yu (boiled fish in chili sauce). They are really the treasures of China Mama.

The mapo tofu is by far the best mapo tofu I've had in Vegas. It's very spicy and I dunno how they do it, but they get the combination of spices right every single time. It makes your lips tingle but you just can't stop. I had a friend visit me once, and he's very much into spicy foods too, so I took him here for lunch. He also thought the mapo tofu was really good! So if you have friends that like spicy stuff, you know where to go.

The Shui Zhu Yu is another staple at China Mama. All of the chilis may intimidate some people, but I tell you it's worth it. Just pick up a piece of juicy, white (covered in red chili) fish, put it on your bowl of rice, and just watch as the rice soaks up the chili and the steam that comes from it. If that's not culinary beauty, I don't know what is. The veggies underneath all of the fish is actually one of the best parts about the dish, cause it just acts as a sponge to all of the delicious chili oil. YUM.

Other good dishes: Da Zui Bing (pork-filled split buns), their fried vegetables are pretty good, too. Kou Shui Ji (mouthwatering chicken) is not bad, though very bony. The San Bei Ji (three cup chicken with basil, oyster sauce?, something else...) is also amazing, if you like basil try this. The sauce is a bit heavy, but nothing I'm going to complain about.

The service isn't the best but really, the food makes up for it. It's not horrible service, especially if you speak Chinese (I think a lot of the servers are more comfortable with Chinese, but they seem to be hiring newer people as well that are more fluent in English). Plus, I don't expect amazing service from this sort of restaurant, so it's not really a problem for me.

So GO and find yourself a second mom that makes you great Sichuan food at China Mama!!!
Last night 23 of us went to dinner at China Mama's, most of us for the first time.  We loved it!  While there were a few who got meals that weren't up to par (including me) the general opinion was that this is one of the best Chinese restaurants in the Vegas area.  This review is from the 8 of us who occupied one table - we shared all of the dishes ordered:

AS we were being seated the waiter passed a few dishes of very cold Spanish peanuts to munch on.  They were REALLY addictive.

PROS:  We all agreed that the potstickers were the best anywhere.  Perfect amount of dough in the wrappers, good filling and there were 10 in each order. Doctored up the soy dipping sauce with vinegar and shredded ginger for great finish.  5 stars for this one.

Because so many of the previous posters touted the scallion (green onion) pancakes we decided to order 3 of them.  WOW.  Awesome is the only word to describe them.  Not greasy, and fresh tasting.

Orange Chicken in Sizzlling Plate was excellent!   Not coated heavily with a lot of gunk, and the taste was soooo delicious.  This was a favorite.
Same for the Sesame Chicken.

Stir Fried Crispy Beef was just plain fabulous.  We ALL agree this was as close to perfect beef as you can get.  The waiter informed us later that this is their number one seller.  I can see why. This one is a keeper and will order it again.

The Cashew Chicken was also a winner.Although a little heavy on the garlic the sauce was excellent.   We like it that way apparently.

When I lived in Detroit, my favorite soup was Pork and Pickled Radish in Broth.   I haven't seen this soup in 23 years so this was a real treat and it was loaded with noodles, maybe more than I wanted but the soup itself was very, very tasty with lots of pork strips.  No one at our table had ever heard of this soup and loved it.

CONS:  My original order was Beef Hot Pot in Garlic Sauce.  Wow, this was so bad I couldn't eat it.  Had to send it back.  The beef chunks were all fat and gristle.  Very rubbery.   They took it back agreeing that it was below par.  Ordered  the Stir Fried Beef instead.  Glad I did!   

The Pork Chow Mein had a different taste than most we've had and an unusual orange color.  Not a favorite.  

Shrimp Fried Rice uses all white rice and very little seasoning.  Very few shrimp in  this order.

Won Ton Soup, just okay.  Not much flavor but still good.  I would recommend other soups.

The bowls of dry noodles passed around the table upon seating  (I guess we were supposed to dip them in the plum sauce)  were very stale.   No matter, we wanted FOOD.  

All in all we agreed that the food here is excellent and no one can like EVERYTHING on the menu.  We all would go back again for sure since we're locals.  By the way,  the service all 23 of our party received was exceptionally good.
Vegas has never been shy about being a glamorous pretender.  Many may recall the billboard ad for Lavo (Mediterranean restaurant managed by the same company as Tao) with a barely dressed woman and the unforgivably atrocious Asian-punned tag-line: "If you liked our dumplings, you'll love our meatballs".  

With this in mind, it's amazing that unassuming joints like China Mama exists less than a mile away from Lavo and Tao.  Drive up to the gritty strip mall at the corner of Jones & Spring Mountain and you may wonder if that TV show "Dirty Dining" has paid a visit to any of the restaurants here.  There's no sequined mini skirts and guest-list clipboards.  There's just really authentic Chinese food served by Chinese people who speak marginal English.  Take that same amount of effort you'd have put into getting past the velvet rope at Tao to muster an order to the China Mama waiters.  I'll bet you the latter will be nicer to you.

For a middle-of-the-mill palette, order the Steamed Juicy Pork Buns from the Pastry section (the mislabeling charms a former ESL student like myself who has definitely tried literal translations, and failed); they're actually dumplings made with perfect dough and a divine gingery broth that spills onto your tongue after that love-at-first-bite encounter.  For an exotic palette, try the jellyfish with house sauce.  I always add a starter of seafood tofu soup and braised bamboo shoots, they're healthy options that ease my guilt of eating greasy Chinese.
A totally authentic Chinese Restaurant, I felt I was back in Beijing vacationing, although this was not as fancy as the upscale as the Renaissance Hotel in Beijing. 

My waitress barely spoke English and attempted to speak to me in Mandarin, I'm Chinese but was born and raised in the US and my parents both speak Cantonese. Enough personal chattering. 

Since I was dinning myself it was a difficult choice dumplings sounded good but there were ten to an order and that would be just to filling. 
I went with the tofu seafood soup a small order which when it arrived it was large. Nice amounts of shrimp, scallops, mushrooms, eggs and some diced veggies gave this a nice soothing flavor. I ordered the fish with spicy sauce as my main entree. It arrived in a large bowl and it looked SPICY - chucks of tender fish with napa topped with cilantro. the broth had a nice flavor but there was so many red peppers I had to remove some before eating the fish BC I no I would be coughing if I didn't. The fish was so tender, and flavorful and went great with the steamed rice. 

I'm looking forward to coming back here with friends or clients so I can try some other dishes.
I had lunch at China Mama yesterday.  I was excited to try this place because of many reviews written and oral said this place is really good.  I ordered the Crispy Beef and the Scallion Pancake.  The crispy beef was super greasy and I paid for it later.  Pepto tablets and ginger ale was my friend.  The Scallion Pancake was the star, though.
China Mama, you've done me dirty. Your food is still good but your service is getting rude and frustrating. Maybe your ego has inflated because of all your glowing reviews, but that doesn't mean you should be lazy and forgetful to customers. Damn your XLB steamed pork buns and beef rolls; you had me at first bite. But please, send your workers back to customer service 101.
The service wasn't the greatest, but we learned quickly that if you just get up and walk over to the counter they will get you whatever you want. The owner came out and walked the floor which was nice. But the food....the food is incredible. I'm a vegetarian and the menu selection is huge for meatless dishes and they can make anything to order. I got the in-house made sesame noodles and fried tofu with chef's sauce. The prices are reasonable too, especially for china town... I will definitely be back!
was introduced to this place yesterday by friend from the bay. both our standards are pretty high considering we were blessed with homemade dumplings growing up. 

all of their dumplings are made their and all of the ingredients are fresh. how do i know this? i can taste it! ;) the place is smaller than average and has a nice intimate feel. if you came with a large group, you might take up half or all of the floor space. (there are maybe 20 tables) 

the only reason i didn't give them the other star is because their menu was a little limited to authentic chinese food. 

i would definitely go back and i am now on the search to find an even better chinese restaurant. thanks mama!
This place is hit or miss.  Sometimes the xia long bao (soup dumplings) are absolutely smack-yo-lips-tastic and sometimes they are d-r-y.  
But you can't miss with some of their other dishes.  Their normal dumplings and pot stickers are excellent.  People of all races love a good green onion pancake.  I'm convinced if people of all races would sit at a table sharing green onion pancakes with their choice of hot or salty sauces on a regular basis we would all live in peace.
Recommend the beef roll as well.  I've only eaten from the dumping/pastry menu.  It's the way to go folks.  But bring money cause if you pick only from that menu it's gonna cost ya.
Stopped in for lunch and was intrigued enough that I will probably return if I'm in the area.  The Beef Roll was definitely a great dish.  Green Onion Pancake was okay, but I've had better.  Shainghai-Style Rice Cake was extremely bland.  I do like the fact that tea is on the table within a minute or two of being seated.  Service was not bad, although it took a little while to get the check.  I'll definitely be trying some of the dumplings next time around.
Although Las Vegas has trillions of restaurant options, it is kind of hard for an out-of-towner to find something to eat that is (a) good, (b) legit, and (c) not way over-priced.  China Mama satisfies all three requirements.

I had just finished playing in a soccer tournament, and was starving.  We decided to go to China Mama, because we saw it when we were eating across the street at Wendy's Noodle Cafe a couple nights before.  We were the only non-Asian folks in the place, which is always an excellent sign.

The waitress was very sweet, and asked us if it was our first time.  I said yes, and let her know we were both vegetarians.  She recommended the scallion pancake and crispy tofu.  We got both, along with an order of vegetable spring rolls and the vegetable chow mein with wide noodles (other options included thin noodles, glass noodles, and "cat ear shaped" noodles...interesting).

The vegetable chow mein was absolutely amazing.  The noodles were freshly made, in house.  The sauce was light, and the veggies were perfectly cooked.  I dare say it was the best I've ever had.

The scallion pancake was also a big winner.  I devoured my share in about .5 seconds.  Will definitely get it again.

The vegetable springs rolls were okay, nothing special.  My old man loved the crispy tofu, but I wasn't into the texture of the soft tofu with a crispy-fried coating.  The sauce it came with was great though.

I will absolutely be back at China Mama every time I'm in Vegas from now on.  Highly recommend, especially for vegetarians - there were many authentic Chinese options, and the staff is eager to help if you have questions.

They also have a long list of fruit and vegetable (yes, vegetable) slushies and drinks of that nature.  I tried the fresh strawberry frappe, and it was very yummy.

This smorgasbord came out to only about $35, including tax and tip.  Very reasonable for two people who ordered everything they wanted, and had tons left over.
Visited this place on 2011-04-19 for lunch.  Ordered the xia long bao, beef roll, and the beef noodle (dry style).
The beef roll was okay.  A bit dry and sweet; think peking duck using beef.
The xia long bao was good, but perhaps a bit too much cornstarch.  They really should provide bowls with this steamed dish.  We made do using the soup spoons, but a bowl would have been better.  
The beef noodle (dry style) was something I hadn't tried before; think beef soup noodle without the soup; I think I prefer the soup noodle version.  
Overall, the meal was solid but not spetacular.  Place was spotless and service typical for a chinese restaurant.  This is more of a northern chinese style restaurant, so if you're looking for this type of fare, you might like this place.
The best of Las Vegas?  I'm not sure how that happened. I ordered the Mongolian beef and combination chow mein. The beef was alright but the noodle dish was inedible. The sesame oil they used made the noodles taste like vomit and the dish's overall orange color only helped cement that analogy. I will never go back.
I know it seems weird to leave Cali and come to Vegas for Chinese food, but remember where I live! My friend suggested this place for xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) and she def pointed us in the right direction. They came out steaming hot & really tasty--I would say hot n juicy, but that's another restaurant! Haha
We also had a congyoubing (green onion pancake). Theirs was good, more chewy than crispy, but nice.
Overall this place looks nice inside, service was good, food was good, but the prices seemed a little high. I'd go back.
The hits: steamed juicy pork bun and shanghai style pan fried bun. Crispy beef and twice cooked pork are great meat dishes. The mini wonton soup is basic but a personal favorite of mine. I am a fan of the very fragrant jasmine green tea they serve here as well. 

Some of the just ok dishes I've had are the beef pancake roll and shanghai style fried rice cake. Both of these dishes were random menu guesses based off vague descriptions that didn't really hit the mark. The fried rice cake was actually a rice noodle that resembled water chestnuts in appearance and cooked with vegetables and lots of sauce. I ordered this looking for a starchy side, and while it was interesting, everyone came to the conclusion that we will try something else next time. The beef pancake had too much 5 spice for my taste, and it was a little dry and boring. 

A great place to get lots of friends together so you can sample the huge menu! Take your chances or bring a menu translator/friend!
TIP: look at the blackboard next to the front door when coming in, they're the new specials (a bit pricey and it's in chinese though)

The lunch items meaning the xlb, beef roll, potstickers, soymilk, and noodle soup are very good.  Up to par in taste but not price in LA (not that expensive but just more than LA).  The spicy items like the spicy dumplings, the "big mouth pastry" and the "mix together mix together" are very tasty.  They even have different kinds of noodles you can pick (hand pulled, knife cut, etc.). soymilk only comes in sweet kind so diabetics are out of luck.  

This joint is a very good choice for shanghai style chinese food when you're in the vegas area.
My wife and I ate at China Mama for the second time within three months tonight.  Some things were the same, and others were radically different.

The pork buns were as good as ever, but inexplicably this time they arrived after our three main entrees and just before the soup.  Yes, we received our soup last, even though I had asked for the appetizer and soup to be served first.  At least the soup was hot enough like the tea to last a long while.  To take the tension out of the dining equation, we have decided that the next time we dine at China Mama we will initially only order a hot appetizer and soup, and not until these items arrive at our table, will we order any entrees.  Last time I was more adventurous, trying out new culinary offerings never attempted before, and found the Beef Stew Hot Pot to be excellent.  In fact, the serving was so enormous that this tasty dish lasted two more meals beyond our restaurant stay. 

In sampling common Chinese fare, I found the Kung Pao Chicken to be very good except for two bites of gristle; Beef Chow Mein to be very good and plentiful; and the Sizzling Rice Cake with Seafood Soup to be excellent except for utilizing undersize shrimp.  The soft greens like bok choy and the Chinese ear-shaped mushrooms floating in the broth were simply superb.  The broth itself was a bit spicy--but in a subtle, good way.  Walmut Shrimp and Combination Fried Rice were very good.  I was a little disappointed in the Potstickers because I found them to be a bit dry and undersized compared to the best I have tasted elsewhere.  But this was easily made up for by the unbeatable Steamed Juicy Pork Buns.  Trying Stir Fried Shredded Potato on a lark resulted in mixed reviews.  I liked the dish, but my wife found the potatoes to be undercooked.  They looked like hash browns that were never browned.  But we were not at a breakfast diner, so I did not expect hash browns.  Tomorrow my better half gets to fry the two-thirds of the order we did not finish to make the long strands of shredded potato as crispy as she desires!  

Service was good in the beginning, but bad at the end.  I had to attract the manager's attention to get leftovers wrapped and receive the bill over 10 minutes after we had finished eating.  In all fairness, in the midst of our meal, without any prodding or sideways glances from us, we were asked by the manager if we wanted more water, and our glasses were quickly refilled.  And, if one asked for silverware, Sweet & Low (a habit of mine even at Chinese restaurants except for those that serve the finest jasmine or green tea), or extra napkins, they were promptly supplied without any resistance or grumbling.  So, service was adequate overall.  The ambience in China Mama is rather spartan but the upholstered booth we sat in was quite comfortable and our table large enough to accommodate all of the several dishes we ordered.  
 
Overall, China Mama still reigns as one of the best Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas I have sampled thus far.
Wanted a light lunch, and went in to try the xiao long bao today, about 2 PM.  There were five other tables w/customers already there.  (By the time I left, two other parties came in, for a total of 8, including me.)  Had ordered, and the xlb came out a few minutes later.  They were tasty, with a wee zing of ginger, and had a nice broth within.  After I finished my meal, I was ready to pay, and that's where the problem for me began.

After eating, I was thinking one of two things:  the check comes to me, or I go to the register.  After waiting a few (10?) minutes, I decided to go to the register.  The owner (?) saw me, and said to have a seat, that he would bring me the check.  So, I did and read the local LV magazine I brought in with me.  Another 10 minutes pass, and I've finished the magazine, sitting there drinking tea.

During that time, the waitress saw me doing nothing, other than sitting, with my elbow on the table and chin in my hand.  The owner, who had been going back and forth from the register, was helping the table in front of me.  He finally noticed/remembered that I was sitting there, waiting for my check the SECOND TIME he came around to help the same table.  Finally got the check, left money and I couldn't get out of there fast enough.

A couple of things, before you think I'm too harsh.  As a child, I used to work with/for my father in a pub, and then in a restaurant he managed.  I understand what it is to be part of the staff of a restaurant.  And, for the last 22 years, I've been doing nothing but customer service, so I'm familiar with the concept.

Look, I don't expect wait staff to be jumping for joy, trumpets playing upon my arrival.  Basic customer service, and I'm happy.  Go above that, and I remember.  Go below, I can forgive but I never forget.  I would come back here only if someone else was paying.  On my own dime, not at all.
Not good Chinese food! 
The fianc and I decided to check it out after mama china was featured in the las Vegas weekly for their soup dumplings.  
We went this past Sunday night. The restaurant itself was nice enough, and there were few other tables dining there besides ours.  
We were immediately put off by the 3 menus they handed us. 3 menus? Red flag right there.  We should've known better right then, but we were already there, so we decided to give it a shot.
We ordered the soup dumplings, beef roll, hot n sour soup, hot n spicy chicken, shrimp fried rice and mapo tofu. 
The best thing we had was the shrimp fried rice.  I actually enjoyed it.  The mapo tofu was ok.  My fianc liked the beef roll, and we both found the dumplings to be very rich, from the melted pork fat, and pretty flavorful.  Not the best we've had, but not the worst either.  The hot and sour soup tasted so watered down!  Maybe if it had another few hours to reduce it might have tasted better. The spicy chicken dish, which was recommended by our waitress, was straight up nasty! Unedible.  It was little bits of breaded chicken that were fried and tossed with a mound of red chilis.  Oddly though, the chicken itself was not spicy.  My fianc and I literally tried one piece each and did not touch it after that! It tasted like cardboard and I am not exageratting!  Needless to say, we had a ton of leftovers that we did not take home with us! 
There was nothing wrong with the service we got, it's just the food that was the problem!  We left there feeling pretty nasty from all the sodium, grease and fat we consumed and we didn't even eat that much!  Yuck, I will not be going back!
Came here after avoiding the chaos next door at Cafe Moda. We ordered
Wonton Soup, the Stir Fried Beef, and the Shanghai Dumplings as suggested by our waitress.

The wonton soup was okay, and the beef was good, but got overly sweet with every bite. The dumplings are flavorful, but greasy as well.
Overall, just okay for me, as there are other joints in the area that serve up food that's just as tasty. Too much hype? Maybe.....Would I come back? Not so sure.....ALOHA!!!
I LOVE this place. Their crispy beef is TO DIE FOR. Every time, every single time, they get it right. It is perfectly seasoned and amazingly crispy. The julienned carrots give it just the right amount of crunch. I have ordered other dishes here, like the Mongolian Beef, but nothing compares to the Crispy Beef. The Steamed Pork Buns are also to die for. Perfectly juicy, with a hit of ginger and other spices, they are excellent as appetizers. Though it is enormous, if you have a hefty appetite, you might as well try their Vegetable Fried Rice. It is done perfectly; it is fluffy, just the right amount of sticky, and and egg-y, which I love. I mostly order take out (or delivery via Roadrunner), but the restaurant is awesome. It is a bit of a dive, located in a very shady strip mall on the southwest part of town. Parking is plenty, though even the pavement looks worn out. However, once inside, the place is clean and taken care of. The staff is extremely friendly as well. I have to try other options, but I really cannot get over their Crispy Beef and Steamed Pork Buns.
It's always a good sign when you enter a Chinese restaurant and see more Asian faces than white Americans. Generally, that means that the food is authentic Chinese and well-made...a point proven in the case of China Mama in Las Vegas' Chinatown district.

Unlike the Chinese restaurants on the Strip, there's little flash here. The decor is simple and spacious and bright. Awards and features about China Mama cover the wall of the entryway. The smells as you enter are wonderful, and you choose your own table to sit.

Highlights of the meal were the beef roll, rich with cilantro, and the double-cooked pork, executed flawlessly with lots of leeks and green onions and redolent with sesame oil. The fried-egg soup was also excellent, with the perfect touch of fresh tomato to enhance the flavour. There was a spicy soup with chicken and rice noodles as well, also very tasty but only if you like it hot!

Each course was served efficiently and quickly, in family-style servings we dished out ourselves. Our host had barely ordered when the food was already coming out to us. The staff is not exactly friendly but they got everything right.

I don't have a Chinese mother, so China Mama us probably the closest I'll ever get to Chinese food the way mother would have made it.
This restaurant appears to be a hole in the wall based on the exterior, however the interior is well decorated.  I ordered the beef noodle soup.  

Broth - 3 stars
Noodles - 4 stars
Beef - 4 stars
Everything together - 3 stars, broth affected the general flavor

Overall the combination of everything together made me feel it needed more flavor.  The handmade noodles are cooked well and very chewy.  The portion appears small, but the doughy noodles are filling.  I wish they had fermented pickles to increase the flavor, but they did not have any.  If I come back, I probably will not come back for more beef noodle soup, but am willing to try something else on the menu.
Service isnt that great.

The pork in the pork soup dumplings was kinda dry even for being in soup! The skin was thin. 

their shanghai rice cakes were delicious!
I came here and tried to order Soup Dumplings, but the server didn't know what I was talking about.  I was so confused all of the local newspaper and print articles about this place showcase their Soup Dumplings. 

I love Soup Dumplings, so when the waitress said they didn't have this dish here I was greatly disappointed.  

I think the server didn't like me because I'm an ABC/Banana/Gwai-lo;everyone else gets to have soup dumplings but me.  I'll try China Mama again, maybe I'll have better luck next time.
this place is really good. the menu is interesting - there are a ton of shanghainese dishes, as well as mandarin, taiwanese, and even szechwan as well.  that can be confusing!  luckily, everything i've tried here has been delicious. 

some of my favorites: 

beef noodle soup - handmade noodles!
pork chop rice with flavored egg
pan fried shanghai buns
BEEF ROLL - this is huge, could feed at least two people for a meal
sesame onion bread
onion pancake
shanghai chicken cold noodles
steamed dumplings - they call it something strange here (NOT soup dumplings, beijing style with thick doughy outside, literal translation is "dog doesn't care", or GO-BU-LEE)

the owners/staff are always very sweet and personable, which is always nice.
All I can say is stay away. We ordered the crispy beef, but got burnt beef instead.  This restaurant has no problem serving burnt food to its customers. Even the waitress saw that the food was burnt and served it anyway. They did offer to make us another, but only after we complained.
I love this restaurant because it's one of the few Chinese restaurants that serve northern Chinese cuisine. Most Chinese restaurants are Cantonese or once in awhile, Sezuan.  I always get the dumplings, shumi, Beijing noodles, pork pockets and the spicy whole fish.  The staff is nice and always happy to answer questions.  This place is heavy on noodles and doughy stuff so you'll need a nap after eating here.  The prices are great as well.  More and more people are finding out about this place ensuring it's financial survival.  We want this place to flourish and get the recognition it deserves.
Expectations far exceeded the food.  I was hopeful, the place was packed and although I read the reviews, it warranted a go see.  We asked the waiter to send out his two most favorite and popular vegetarian dishes.  We were escorted back to a table that was in the back corner....that was dirty....He said hold on as he told us that the chefs take their breaks at that table and he didn't realize they left it such a mess.

The dried tofu and spinach were really bland and lacked all flavor.   When questioned if it was a popular dish, they said yes and when he asked for feedback I said it was not too good, he said he could of made it more tasty...?!?!?!?!  I was confused.  Since no one checked back until the bill was due, this would of been difficult. 

We also were sent the eggplant, and it was good - not sure if it was good in comparison to the other , or if it was good as a stand alone..this is questionable. 

The highlight.......The Jasmine Green Tea was the bomb! 

Not likely to give it another go-round.
Been there a few times now & it's good, my woman likes it a lot more than myself. Me, I prefer Diamond China........anyhow China Mama is a good restaurant & I say try it you might like it more than ME!!! Also it's a little pricey.
China Mama is awesome!

Much more authentic style chinese food.  By authentic I mean what you might expect to find at a legit dim sum place in S.F. because that is as traditional as I am familiar with.  I have never been to China and my family isn't Chinese but it feels real to me.

Very vegetarian friendly with plenty of stuff on the menu to pick from and if you still not sure you want something off the menu they are more than happy to help you make up your own dish.  

Order lots of stuff and worry about the bill when you die.
Clean, Friendly, Authentic, Good Value....

Driving around China Town with an empty stomach and time to kill is like playing with house money, only spicier.  I rolled a YO-leven tonight when I stopped in for dinner at China Mama, Cha ching!.  I
I walked in, got some friendly hellos, sat in a comfy booth, and was served some delicious, piping hot jasmine tea.  So far so good.


Following some yelpers suggestions, I went with the scallion pancake, and the black bean noodles.  There are prints of Koi fish all over the walls by the way.....in case you were wondering what type of fish print was going to be on the walls.  

The Food:

Green Onion Pancake - It's a thin, fried pancake with chopped green onion.  It reminded me of the Korean seafood pancake (Haemul Pajon) but without the seafood.  I thought it was a lot better when I dipped it in chili paste, so be sure to ask for some, it's not on the table. 

Black Bean Noodle - The lo mein noodles were nice in texture with enough bite to not be mush in your mouth.  They were topped with the black bean sauce, which has whole black beans in it, cucumbers and scallions made for a nice dish once it was mixed around. I found the black beans to be a little sweet, almost like an adzuki bean.  It was a new flavor for me, and not really my type of party.  

The menu is huge and authentic, the service was very good, and to top it all off, I got a pretty solid fortune in my fortune cookie.  It read, "Hey, Steve, I'm proud of you, love cookie..."  

it might have not have said that also.
China Mama has gone downhill since the first time I went there.  We went for dinner before theatre tonight and it was somewhat of a letdown.  The star of the meal was the xiao long bao.  The dumplings were tasty, good pork filling, and the broth inside the dumpling was very good.

I got the Chicken and Assorted Vegetables with Szechuan Hot Sauce In Pot.  It was a very large bowl.  The broth was good and it was nicely spiced.  My wife ordered sesame chicken.  This wasn't that good.  The chicken consisted of small nuggets for the most part coated with a sweet cause and topped with some sesame seeds.  I tried some and the chicken was very blah.

I guess this will be the last I come to China Mama.
I love this place! The service was better last time than many other times I have been and we usually go with a big group of people so I've tried a lot here. I love their soup dumplings (Xiao Long Bao), Beef Roll, and Beef Noodle Soup. The only other meal I remember the name of off the top of my head was the Fungus with House Special Sauce....delicious. Everything else we have tried of the standard fair was always good Beef Broccoli, Chow Mein,  and Twice Cooked Pork.
The food was great !! the dumpling soup wow !! service was great !! clean and friendly
I came here specifically for the soup dumplings, which were recommended as the best in the city.  Are they the best in Vegas? Yes, but that is not saying much. If you come here expecting CA/NYC caliber XBL, you will be massively disappointed.  Having said that, they are still good, along with the rest of the menu here, which is HUGE.  There is a nice balance between somewhat traditional Chinese cuisine and the Americanized take out style stuff you'll find at most places outside of Chinatown.  The portions are large, the prices and cheap, and the food is overall good - if you venture to Chinatown, you probably won't be disappointed if you stop by.
Very bad service! So bad that I did not care for the food!
Wow. China Mama is where it's at!  They have the best dumplings here. Very gourmet and unlike any dumpling I have ever tried. It's almost like there's a small soup inside of each little dumpling. The best food in Vegas is definitely off the strip!

Also, this place is very authentic and 99% of the people inside the restaurant (employees and customers) are chinese. That is a very good sign. If you want good chinese food this is where you go!  

Definitely try the Green onion pancake and the dumplings! I was very hesitant at first, but now I am having cravings to go back! Too bad it's almost 400 miles away. 

The prices are good  as well and I believe it has won several awards! We need a place like this in the SFValley!
Amazing Chinese food.  Been here many times.  Their shanghai Street beef noodles (make sure you get the fat noodles) is amazing.  Fresh and soft, with a very smooth beef broth.  Brings you back to the dirty cities of China.  The Shao Lung Bao (pork juice buns) are wonderful also.  Even their gyzo (which I never order) was crunchy on one side and soft on the other.  Great flavor.  The best is their beef roll sandwich.  A must have.  the skin is very soft and the beef, thinly sliced with a kiss of sweet and salty.  

They were also featured in Maxim Mag a few months ago with where the chefs in LV go to eat, so if it's good enough for Chefs, it good enough for me...although I would like to think I found it before they did... 8-)
Okay so we went here by accident.  This is definitely not the typical take out chinese food it is more authentic.  We ordered the combination spicy meat appetizer and lets just say I personally will not be ordering that again.  The texture, the name of the appetizer and the taste was not at all appealing.  For the meal portion we ordered the hot & spicy chicken it was very good, however you will have to order rice or noodles with the chicken otherwise it comes alone.  We also ordered the combination lo mein with the extra wide noodles.  This was really good we ordered a side of hot sauce and that added a bit more of a kick to the whole plate.  
The service was okay, we did run out of water and never was refilled or asked us if we needed refills at anytime we were there.
When I want to ear somewhere that reminds me of home, I come to china mama. Just assume everything here is perfect. I will just list my favorites:

Ra mein in szechwan sauce
Pot stickers
Juicy pork dumplings
Fried rice cake with spicy chili
Green onion pancake
Steamed red bean dumpling (dessert)
Mapo tofu (I don't like tofu and even I LOVED this dish)
Chicken and veggies in Szechuan hot pot
Beef roll
Pork tripe in hot and spicy sauce

It is all good and even better left over.
Very good Chinese food. Handmade dumpling and noodles.  I like them very much!
Let's get right down to business:

Beef noodle soup - I am from socal, and so I'm a tough judge when it comes to decent chinese food, but the beef noodle soup here was really top notch.  We requested the thick noodle, which was nice and chewy, and didn't get soggy at all in the soup.  The noodles were REALLY wide, like pappardalle-esque.  There was also a good amount of spinach in the soup, which was nice, and the beef chunks were well-seasoned and not overly fatty.   A++++. 

Soup dumplings - These were probably the best made dumplings in terms of sturdiness, that I've had in a long time.  They have a good amount of soup inside, and they skin is just firm enough that it doesn't just fall apart the moment that you pick it up.  The only gripe I have about them is that they meat inside wasn't super yummy - it was ok, but the pork they used was kind of dry and clumpy.  I think it was minced pork, as a previous reviewer said.  B+

Foo Chi Fay Pien (cold spicy meat dish) - This was probably our least favorite.  The seasoning wasn't the usual kind that you see with this dish, and it was really just oily with no depth of flavor to it.  Plus, they didn't have the peppercorns in there, which is one of my favorite parts about this dish.  C-

Crispy beef - This was what the waitress recommended that we order, and while it was tasty, I probably wouldn't get it again.  I think this is the dish that put China Mama on the map as far as the american magazines go (there's a picture of it up in the front).  It's pretty much really thin pieces of beef stir fried to a crisp with lots and lots of spicy red peppers.  The dish itself is not so much spicy as it is sweet (a little too sweet for me).  The beef bits were really crunchy and delicious though, so if you're in a sweet and sour type mood with some added crunch, this may be the dish for you.  B+

Cold seaweed salad - This was seasoned perfectly, and really really delicious.  Not too oiliy and not too salty, and a really nice refreshing pick me up for all the other heavy dishes.

There were also some other interesting items on the menu which we didn't order, like the beef roll, and the red bean pancake dessert, which I definitely want to try.  While prices were a bit higher than I had hoped, I think it's worth it if you're looking for some authentic chinese food.  Overall, I'd say you can't go wrong as long as you get some of that beef soup noodle.  Just stay away from the cold meat dishes!
I had to visit this place after reading positive reviews about their juicy pork dumplings. I can't say that the juicy pork dumplings at China Mama were the best I've ever had. However, everything else I tried was delicious!!

Spicy Wonton 
Beef Noodle Soup 
Green Onion Pancake

The service was great and the price was very reasonable.
Beef roll, chicken with three sauces and basil, bok choy with mushroom and bamboo shoots. All amazing. First time eating here, and we were stoked on everything.
Lived in Chicago and DC and this is my favorite Chinese.  Very authentic and tasty.  When they didn't have a friends favorite dish on the menu, they made one up.   Spicy Wontons are the best.
Chinese food is okay, but nothing special. We started with the Hot and Sour soup and the Grab Cake. The hot and sour is what you would expect at the buffet ad the grab cake was sweet, which is a little bizarre. 

The shang-hai dumplings were what you were expected and pretty good. We also ordered the drunk chicken which had waay too much alcohol in it ( I know that its an oxymoron). The flavor was pure alcohol. 

Overall, the food was okay, but not very memorable.
Love this place.  I've been twice, very authentic and friendly.  They do phenomenal soup dumplings.  I also tried a new dish last time.  It was twice cooked Szechuan pork.  Turned out to be thin strips of tender pork belly with scallions in crushed peppercorns.  All those things make me happy.  I piled pork onto the crispy scallion pancakes and did a little dance.
I went here today because my friend suggested this place.  She loves this place.  I went with her and two other friends.  The place looks really nice inside with traditional decorations. 

We ordered 5 items- chicken and corn soup, crispy beef, szechuan lamb and vegetables in a clay pot, combination chow mein, and tea smoked duck.  The soup was normal.  Everything else was really good.  Based on the waitresses recommendation, we got wide noodles which tasted like rice noodles.  It was really really delicious.  The lamb in a clay pot had noodles in it which surprised me.  The spice was good, but there was a kick there that had something I didn't like.  I did not like the crispy beef.  My friend loved it because she says it tastes like candy.  It did, but I'm not a sweet fan.  I really really loved the tea.  It tasted really good. I even asked the waiter for the name of the tea.  It's Jasmine Green Tea.  It's absolutely amazing.  

The service was okay.  We kind of waited for a minute or two before getting seated.  They checked up on us several times while we were deciding what to order.  Our food took a long time or maybe I was just really really hungry. After our food arrived, they didn't really check up on us/ refill our waters.  The waitress did ladle our soups for us.  

I did have a little confusion with our waiter.  I asked if they had beef chow fun, and he thought I asked for fried rice.  The noodles were really delicious.  I love wide rice noodles like that.  It reminds me of drunken noodles that they serve at Thai places.
After all the smoke, and over priced craziness of the strip, finding this place was a blessing.  Niu Rou Mein was excellent, XLB's just right.  The taiwanese lettuce was a little too oily.
Steamed juicy pork buns, super yummers!
Hands down the best Chinese restaurant in town! 5 stars ranking it amongst Chinese Restaurants here in town. 4 stars just comparing it to all other restaurants in town.

There are actually two menus at China Mama. One of them has more traditional and authentic foods, the other has more commercialized and Americanized foods. Both are great. For those used to solely Americanized Chinese food, it's a great way to branch out and order one or two more authentic dishes. 

Everything is well seasoned and all the meat is well prepared.

Pretty good customer service and they don't do any of the nonsensical "we charge per soda can" on drinks. Food also comes pretty quickly. 

Definitely the place to go if you're looking for Chinese food in town.
Decent Taiwanese cafe for homemade noodles and xlb.  A little farther to drive outside of Chinatown, but definitely wasn't disappointed.  The mamasans who own and run the restaurant are really cute, I got really good service and the food was really yummy.  I ordered the beef chow mien, soup dumplings (xlb), and the layered pancake which is one of my all time favorite appetizers.  They make it really crispy and light, not too oily.  It's delicious and I'd probably come back just for that.  The beef chow mien was also a treat, mostly because of the homemade noodles with a really good firm texture.  The xlb is definitely worth ordering and I think is the best in Vegas.  They give you a lot of food too, I wasn't able to finish because everything was so good!
I've been craving a Taiwanese beef roll since getting back from LA. So natch I hop on Yelp and start my search for the best beef roll in Vegas. This is the first place ill be trying for that quest. We ordered lots of dishes so its easier to laundry list each. 

Beef Roll - After eating a disappointing version in LA (101 Noodle Express) I swore Id find a better one and China Mama didn't disappoint. Lightly crispy and slightly oily pastry dough wrapped around super thin slices of braised beef (tastes like the same beef that's in the beef noodle soup, this is a good thing), cilantro and a sweet and savory sauce thats slightly akin to hoisin. These few ingredients work together to create a deliciously satisfying spindle of flavor.  

Juicy Pork Dumplings - AKA Xiao Long Bao, XLB or soup dumplings.. these bite size dumplings are filled with a mixture of ground pork and are brought out in a large steamer. These were pretty good, really porky/soupy and worth ordering but I just wished that they had fresh ginger in their dipping sauce as opposed to ground ginger which was seen floating on top of the sauce. Just be gentle when scooping these up from the steamer as one wrong move with your chopstick will puncture the delicate skin. Trust me, seeing the soup gush out of the bottom of a dumpling and onto the table is a very sad thing.

Pork Boiled Dumplings - These are exactly what you'd expect.. big chubby wontons filled with ground pork sealed and boiled. The juicy pork and the toothsomeness of the wonton made these addictive. It was easier to eat these out of a small bowl with a few drops of black vinegar and chili oil. A must try! 

Beef Noodle Soup -  I had no idea that soup bowls here are crazy huge, like you can share between 4 people huge. This isn't quality over quantity either, thick house made noodles treading in a beefy well flavored stock. The depth of flavor was obvious with a hint of spice. If you prefer more heat they can definitely bring you chili oil to enhance your beef noodle experience. Be warned these noodles are slurpy and you will get the collagen rich stock all over your clothes if you're not careful. 

Service was attentive though on our visit (Sunday around noon) they were pretty busy with large groups so the kitchen was a little back up. On the way out one of the servers suggested if we love the beef roll to get the pork pockets next time. I cant wait to try a pork pocket!

Oh China Mama, I love you.
Definitely not the best dumplings that I've had.  Their beef noodles are really good though!
Living in hawaii, it's tough to find authentic Chinese food so i actively search it out when I travel.  China Mama fits the bill when I'm in vegas and looking for Taiwanese/Shanghainese food.  

Recommended:
Green onion pancake, pork sesame pocket, hot sweet soy milk (not always easy to find and definitely an acquired taste), eggplant with basil

Xiao lung bao!!
The beef roll, beef stew noodle soup and stir fry crispy beef are the BEST!!
I'm half Chinese but I'm not a big fan of Chinese food.  I do, however, appreciate good xiao long bao (soup dumplings) but not a lot of places in Vegas can do it right.  China Mama's xiao long bao was perfect!  The soup inside the dumplings was hot but not enough to the point you burn your mouth.

We also got pork chop rice which was really good.  It's like salt and pepper pork without the bones.  The salted pork stir fried with garlic leaves was ok - not quite the way I like my pork cooked...it was quite salty like Spam.  The pan fried pork buns tasted like the xiao long bao except it bun form.  Their jasmine tea was excellent and not watered down like in some other Chinese restaurants.

The service was ok...it's a Chinese thing.  Don't expect superb service, it's not going to happen!  They did attempt to speak to us in Chinese but the only words I remember nowadays are curse words.
China Mama is pretty good!   

Started off with the Salted Pork stir fried with Garlic leaves :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/china-mama-restaurant-las-vegas?select=EuwgzGRHUqeNqxKYb7i5QQ#EDUwby1P6ixDj3jprvSQ2Q

I really liked the taste of the salted pork, and the consistency was tender and spam like, but packed with lots of flavors and garlic!  Pretty salty, but you expect that ordering it by the name lol.

Also ordered the Mama's special pan fried Pork Buns :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/china-mama-restaurant-las-vegas?select=EuwgzGRHUqeNqxKYb7i5QQ#pGd1BtDTcqbvOc6AK3-m1w

The buns had a beautiful crust on the top, that added a lot of flavor and an interesting consistency. They were packed with a similar juicy pork combination inside as the Xiao Lung Bao :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/china-mama-restaurant-las-vegas?select=EuwgzGRHUqeNqxKYb7i5QQ#D8ZWCGldh8RfIIHAz0JOnA

Both came out piping hot, ready to please!  The Xiao Lung Bao above was filled with a soupy juicy consistency inside the dumpling, so be careful of your shirt!

Lastly, the Pork chop on rice :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/china-mama-restaurant-las-vegas?select=EuwgzGRHUqeNqxKYb7i5QQ#wuuPz5GByypktlcYDV2ijQ

It was not bad, but the other dishes shadowed in my opinion.  I would order the dumplings again myself!

We will definitely be back again, since there were a few other dishes like the Crispy Beef and Shrimp with spicy chili sauce I didn't get to try!
MSG headache. We did not order right for sure.
Chinese food rarely impresses me. If it is done correctly, I feel like I had a really good intellectual conversation with a high school student, i.e. while pleasant enough, I would rather be talking to an adult. With that said, China Mama is a step-up from your average Chinese restaurant or takeout joint. The meat looks and tastes like real meat, a detail that seems optional in some Chinese joints, and the food is prepared with some love and care. I have been here twice and have been satisfied both times. The soup dumplings are very tasty and are a great way to get things going. Out of the handful of dishes I have tasted here, the Schezwan double cooked pork (maybe not verbatim) was my favorite. The decor is about what you would expect from a bank converted to a restaurant. The service both times was friendly and helpful, a welcomed surprise. Overall, this is some of the better Chinese food I have had in Vegas.
Beef Roll very good
Salt and Pepper was Solid
Fish in Hot chili oil was home run 
Dumplings were good
Crispy Beef was delicious
Service was spot on!
Surprisingly good Chinese food!

I like the Xiao Long Bao.  Each XLB was juicy and very meaty.
This place is great and I am from the 626 San Gabriel Valley so that should mean a lot. From where I am from chinese places are everywhere. the good and the bad. I have to say this place would be one of the goods. The location, vibe and taste all reminded me of back home (Arcadia). I felt like this place was literally a chunk taken from the 626 and put in vegas. Tried the beef noodle soup, beef rolls and xiao long bao (juicy pork bun). The beef noodle soup was one of the best I've taste. Much better than some of the ones I've tried back home. Beef rolls were good but could us soem more flavor. xiao long bao was one of the better i've tried.

Overall this place is good. if you are visiting vegas and want to try some good, cheap chinese food come here. it is a bit off the strip but i think its worth the car ride.
I love soup dumplings. Not a fan of Din Tai Fung and don't always have time to go to Joe Shanghai in NYC so satisfied my craving at China Mama.

Service was good. Soup dumplings were GREAT. I thought the price was a little steep though.
There is no bar , had a party of 5, 2nd visit try the scallop dish it was killer
So, we tried this place once before and didn't enjoy it, as there are hundreds of better Chinese places, but my husband said we should give it another chance. So we did last night!

We walked in and they didn't seem too busy, we got seated right away, and they brought over the hot tea and menus, so far, good. But then they struggled to get back to the table for our order. 

My husband had already made up our choices, I usually make suggestions and he orders for us. Tonight, I just let him select. 

Our beef roll came out first, it was like moo sho pork, pancake rolled with cilatro and scallops, thinly sliced beef and a smidge of hoisen, but they brought us aome exta, they were good.

The spicy wontons were a bit mushy sitting in the oily spice, smelled good but taste was ordinary.

We also got the noddle chow fun, fat noddles of course, it was also good, but our next three dushes were just so blah, crispy beef, sticky sweet thinnly beef and sliced carrots, not sure it was good, I didn't care for it, kung pao chicken had gritty peanuts, and the mabu tofu was very weak. 

Well, at 130am, it all came back up! I had the worst tummy ache, a little fever and chills, and the nausea and well.... I'll leave it at that! I guess I should have said something when I saw the guys in the kitchen scraping the rice pot touching the trash can and the guy unwrapping the frozen meat, touching the meat slicer! Never again!
Let me start off by saying that I use to frequent this place when it first opened a couple of years ago. I love Xiao Long Bao's and beef noodle soup, and this place has all of that and more. Service was always decent and food tasted great. However, the most recent visit has left me not wanting to come back EVER.

My family and I came for lunch one afternoon and it was semi-busy. We stood at the front and while the waiters saw us, they were a bit busy to greet us, no big deal. After a few minutes, one of the waiters asked us in Mandarin "How many people?" My family is Cantonese Chinese, my parents can speak Mandarin, but I know very little Mandarin. I told him the number of people in our party with my fingers and he said something in Mandarin that I didn't understand and unfortunately my mom wasn't paying attention so she didn't hear him, but he pointed his arm out to an empty table in the corner gesturing for us to be seated. Assuming he wanted us to take a seat, we all sat down at the table in the corner. Then the waiter came to set up the plates and utensils. But when he saw us sitting down, he stopped and gave us a dirty look and said in perfect English, "Uh, can you at least let me set the table first???" How disrespectful and unprofessional is that? First of all, it's rude for you to assume that every Asian-looking person speaks Mandarin and second of all, you were the one who gestured for us to sit. And lastly, there are much more polite ways of asking a customer to get up while you set up a table. Regardless of if you were having a bad day or not, that's not how you treat a customer. In most of the Chinese restaurants I've been to, it's normal for waiters to start setting your table after you've been seated, I don't know why he had such a problem with us sitting down. 

At that point, I should've walked out, but I was thinking the food would be the saving grace. We ordered beef noodle soup, Xiao Long Bao's, Shanghai-style rice cake, a tofu dish, and a cold meat appetizer dish, only the Xiao Long Bao's and tofu dish met my expectations. The beef noodle soup lacked flavor or spice, the Shanghai-style rice cake was more onions than rice cake, and the meat appetizer was too oily, really disappointing from the previous meals I've had here. The only positive thing from my lunch was our waitress, she was actually polite and attentive. 

I don't expect first-class service when I go out to eat, but I definitely don't expect an unprofessional attitude either.
Best Chinese in Las Vegas. About 20 visits later I'm always trying something different and I am always amazed how spicy and great everything is. Me being a round eye I really have no idea what the hell I'm actually ordering and that is part of the fun. Absolute must try Vegas restaurant. They have turned me away an hour before they were supposed to close and are generally pretty rude but I really don't care I can't make the food they make myself nor do I know where else to get it that good. So I will be back again and again! I've nearly tried the entire menu and have never been disappointed.
Expect hour long waits just for food to arrive. 

Who I'd take here: Friends and a date. They can accommodate large groups.
Comparable to: Authentic Chinese.

Food Quality: 5
I've been here many times and the food is amazing and consistent. My personal favorites are the ma po tofu and the ong choy. I highly recommend it.
+2 pleased with everything we ordered.

Service Quality: -2
The service is the worst I've ever seen. The waitresses are extremely rude and other reviews corroborate this. If you eat here you'll notice all the tables looking up, angry, wondering where their waiter and food is. People actually get up and leave because they are upset with the service. They also got my order wrong twice. You may have a different experience if the restaurant is totally empty (which is the only time I'd advise coming here). When I've come they had as few as 2 or 3 other tables, and no excuse for such slow service.
-1 rude waiters. -1 unapologetic. -2 hour wait for food. -1 getting my order wrong.

Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 2
This is a sit-down restaurant, not a fast-food restaurant. While the inside is clean and OK, the outside looks a little shabby. The sign is missing letters. This is would be great date venue if the service weren't so terrible. 
-1 shabby outside.

How I rate: I have 3 categories, and each category starts at 3 points. For each item where I am impressed, they get 1 point; disappointed, lose one point.

Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = round(1.7) =  2
What happened to this place? Haven't ate here in awhile, but stopped in with the family and family friends last weekend. Our friends never ate here before and we told them such good things about the food. We ordered combination chow mein, chicken chow mein, mabo tofu, sesame chicken, beef broccoli, and twice cooked pork. The last three dishes were awesome! However, the noodles tasted a little sour and the tofu tasted like pepper overload! If that wasn't bad enough.. Service was worst! We were the only table and waited forever to get seated, get water and tea, everything! It's a bummer guess we won't be back here for a long time..
Came in at about 1:00 pm on Sunday, someone came 5 minutes after us, but they took their order first, even though we were ready to order.  Even after they took the other table's order we waited another 5 minutes.  After we ordered, the food took an unusually long time to get to us.  It wasn't that busy.  When we did get our food, they messed up one of the things we ordered.  After finishing our meal we waited a while for our check and it never came.  Food was alright, but the service was absolutely terrible.  After I went up to the register to request the check, I paid for the meal and left a gratuity was appropriate based on the minimal service provided.  I mentioned this to the person that took our money, but she didn't care.  One of the worst restaurant service I've ever encountered.
So this is my first post in a long while.  Haven't been able to get into any Yelp events lately, not sure if that is part due to the regime change, so didn't really feel the need to upkeep my status.  However, U can't help myself as a foodie but to share the wealth of knowledge and pay forward any tips that I possibly can to any other fellow foodie.

I know that I have seen this place before and often frequent 168, Cravin Cajun as well as Wendy's Noodle Cafe.  I stopped by Yi Mei Champion once before for the Spicy Beef Noodle Soup, bit they was out.  So here is my chance on redemption.  My good buddy Karel and his wife told me to come through, not knowing that I booked marked this place months ago.  What better time than the fall to quench my cold weather hunger than with some good old comfort soup.  

Mom duxe is Taiwanese and prepared this for me on occasion and wanted to test out to see if China Mama was as good as my mama. And the verdict is....not bad at all, of course never as good as mama's, but that'sa bias comparison whichever way you cut it.  It sure comes close, yet there are distinct differences.

The soup broth is clean and not greasy, not too mention loaded with spinach and other green leafy veggies.  Some Chinese broccoli or bok choy might be a good addition as well, but know sometimes it can add bitterness.  I opted for the wide noodles and boy was I thankful.  I can see some people struggle with slurping them down if they are not versed with the sticks, bit still worth the experience...kinda like won ton min.  The beef looks like flank and good tenderness, not too form yet not falling apart.  A decent portion for $9.72 after taxes too.

Ambience is coming and we'll decorated, a union between traditional and modern styles without trying too hard or over doing it.  I sat in the far northeast corner and the AC was cranking.  So maybe choose a more moderate tempered location of you visit. 

Staff seemed rushed and rude at first, but there are only 2 ladies doing all the floor work.  They later have me a warmer greeting after cashing it the party of 30 in the room.  

Overall, a winner in my book and just what the doctor ordered.  Good looks fam bam for the recommendation!  I may come back to try out other dishes since its close to HQ.  Otherwise, till next grind!
Good prices, good service & overall good food. Nothing fancy but I thought it was all pretty good!

We were in a group of 8 & were seated quickly. Shortly after we ordered the food started coming out & they kept it coming as we made room!

They cleaned up empty dishes quickly & for our leftovers to go quickly as well.
We went as a party of four last Tuesday. The other couple had been there before, we had not. The interior was bright and clean. The service, initially, was slow but okay afterwards. 

When the food arrived one after another, we expected a more taste as some of the dishes seemed bland. We ordered 3 entrees and Sweet and Sour soup for all. Unfortunately,  the soup was generic,  notably not sour. Unfortunately,  I cannot recall the three dishes specifically but I do recount our reactions to them - one was good, one was mediocre and one was very bland.

Finally,  the price was between, normal and slightly higher. The portions were normal as well.
One of the "go to" spots in Vegas for Chinese food. Definitely get the pork pockets and any kind of egg noodle dish. Shanghai dumplings are okay too, but could use a little more soup! Other than that, a good place for a great meal at a reasonable price.
The food was fantastic tonight, but there was zero service. We seated ourselves after waiting 10 minutes with no eye contact from the staff.  I notified a waitress that we were seating ourselves.  She brought us menus, our food, and then we sat and sat waiting for our check when we were finished.  My husband was ready to walk out without paying when I finally just walked over to our waitress again and told her we needed our check.  Honestly, there are not that many tables and there was plenty of wait staff, but the whole timing was way off.  The couple next to us ordered their food not long after us, but ended up just watching us eat, as their food never came.  We would have just walked out.  We left before they were ever served. I felt so bad for them!   Next time we're in town, we're trying somewhere else.  I'm on the search for another soup dumpling place once again.  :(
A new fave for us, anything with the handmade noodles, beef stew or soup dumplings, for example, are fantastic and something you can't easily find elsewhere.
If I were to rate on food, I'd give a 4 star, easily. On price alone, 2 star. This place is delicious but absolutely unjustifiably expensive. I will list prices with the items as I recall them. Taking a browse through older reviews, I see some items have almost doubled in price. 

First of all, we over-ordered. This is common for us. We had...

Pan fried pork buns. $12. So, I'm usually not a fan of any bun or dumpling if it has an excessively thick dough surrounding it that seems uncooked. Luckily, it was a bit airy and crispy, with delicious pork in the middle. Not a lot of juice or soup, but still tasty. Served upside-down.

Stir-fried spinach with garlic. $14?! Simple and to the point. It was good.

Seasoned cold tofu. $7-8. Standard appetizer if you're familiar with it. Simple and tasty.

Eggplant and basil in a heated pot. $16?!?! I loved this dish. Good, strong flavors and perfect over rice due to the thick consistency of the sauce. I think I should have put the flame out underneath it, though. It got too mushy by the end.

"Three sauce" chicken in a heated pot. $17?!?!?!?! So, the sauce is a very strong ginger and sugar with some other things type of flavor. Delicious flavor, but the cuts of chicken were so fatty I couldn't eat half of it. It's just random pieces.

Tea. Free? This had to be some of the most intense jasmine tea I've had without being bitter.

So yeah. It's confusing. Why is a place off the strip putting up some of the highest prices I've ever seen for Chinese/Taiwanese cuisine? Insane. I mean really, why is an eggplant dish $16?! I'd rather go to Bund Shanghai a couple blocks away. It's cheaper by a lot, and more delicious (although not exactly the same cuisine, but still).
China Mama is fighting for their three stars with me. More things disappoint me about this place than impress me on more reasons than one.

The restaurant as a whole is a nice place and the staff was very friendly with my family. When I opened the menu, I saw the prices of the items on the menu. Personally, I think the prices of the items on the menu are a little high. My family ordered vegetable chow mien, vegetable fried rice, braised tofu (I think), crispy beef, and sweet and sour fish fillet. When the chow mien, fried rice, and braised tofu came out, I personally thought that we could have gotten a little more food or the prices could be a little less, but I like large amounts of food in front of me. I did enjoy the fried rice and chow mien though, I thought they were cooked really well. These two would justify a higher rating in this review, but the crispy beef and sweet & sour fish fillet brought the rating down. The crispy beef was good and so was the sweet & sour fish fillet, but they put too much sauce in both and it was too sweet. In the crispy beef, about half was beef and half was carrots, which was a turn off, and then it was paired with too much sauce that was sweet. The sweet and sour fish fillet had even more sauce than the crispy beef did and it was too sweet. When you got to the fish after wiping all that sauce inside of your mouth, the fish was delicious, but I couldn't get past the large amount of sauce and the sweetness of it. I don't believe you can ask for sauce on the side for the crispy beef, but the sweet and sour fish, you most definitely should. 

This isn't a bad Chinese place to eat at, just don't order something sweet and sour unless you put the sauce on the side so you can control how much sauce you put yourself. The prices may be a little high, but the food does taste good. In the end, the decision is in your hands.
LOVED everything I ate.......cashew chicken, kung pao chicken, mongolian beef and chicken chow mien.  Best Chinese food ever!!!!  Favorite was the cashew chicken :)
This place has the best wonton soup... Ever. I like wonton soup, but I LOVE theirs! The seaweed strips in it really add a unique flavor that I have missed from others. The soup dumplings are fantastic and be sure to ask for the side of ginger. Oddly enough I usually hate ginger, but theirs seemed more subdued perhaps? Definitely not soapy which is refreshing. I really enjoyed their crispy beef. My boyfriend didn't like the sweetness of the crispy beef, but I definitely enjoyed the taste and the perfect crisp. My boyfriend liked everything else greatly. The service is very kind and they give you green tea as soon as you are seated.
Food is good. Service sucks. Their soup dumplings are OK. Their spicy hot oil numbing fish is very good. Go there for the food,but don't expect any service. Price is higher than other Chinese places.
hang out with my wife, food is bad and service is poor, no one service us until we ask for check. If u want to try real Chinese food, please dont come; if you wan to try western Chinese food, u should think about their service.
My girlfriend is from NE China, born and raised, and she said this is the most authentic Chinese she has ever had here in the US. Spicy Lamb, Crispy Beef and Seafood soup are our favorites. Service is okay at best, but food is fantastic.
Amazing kung pao shrimp! The pork chow mein was a bit bland but ok. They brought the shrimp first then 5-10 minutes later they brought the chow mein which i thought was odd. They didn't check on us unless you consider the staggered service of our 3 dishes checking on us... everything served ala cart with no rice served with the entees like some places...
It has been a few years since I have been to China Mama and it seems that they have remained consistent over this time. 

All my favorites hadn't changed and the tastes were consistent. Beef roll is always a must and I like a lot of their buns. Their menu is extensive, so it's hard to narrow it down during the ordering process. I like a lot of their veggie options, so I usually order at least one. There are so many options in town, so that explains why I don't come here as often as I used to, but it's a good option when you're craving variety.
I had heard great things about this place and was excited to try it.  not really impressed.  The prices were pretty high for most things, about $15 average and we went for lunch.  We had 3 things.  Scallion pancake was really good.  The salt and pepper fish was pretty tasty as well.  We got the crispy chicken with garlic seschuan sauce and none of us liked it.
Ok. A note: I have not had all the dishes here. Let me tell u bout the ones to try. The soup bao is excellent. I have not found too many soup bao in Vegas. For that alone this needs a try. 

The beef roll wAs surprisingly delicious it was like a beef burrito Asian style. It could of been a meal on its own for lunch. Quite filling.

For the family we ordered the fish in chili oil My all time favorite. The extra hot crispy chicken was good too. Give the beef with pepper a try it was tasty and rested on a bed of delicious onions.
This review is strictly for their service and their XLBs. 

The service was subpar but I wasn't expecting much anyway. The only person working in the front was a lady who probably doesn't know how to smile. I was sat down in an empty area while i perused the menu. I chose to get XLBs to go like I did my first visit. 

The dumplings were ok but the high price tag made them even less attractive. At 11 dollars for 8 dumplings in which the majority of them were broken...not worth it. 

I'm tempted to try the stews and noodle soups though. They look huge! Maybe I'll come back someday.
Flub... flub....flub... flub. 

Oh Yelp... 

No, more accurately, oh Las Vegas Yelp.... 

I don't know what to say. I got on Talk and BLASTED the mediocrity that is Las Vegas Thai food. Boo, hiss-hiss, what a meanie I am! Worse part is, I think I'm banned from every Thai Restaurant in the city. Now where am I going to get my pineapple fried rice and sweet and sour chicken??? Mercy... please! 

China Mama is a Las Vegas institution of sorts, so I have to tread lightly. I *think* it has to do with Las Vegas' most beloved food critic (who shall remain nameless), who seems to have a soft spot for China Mama. (TBH: his glowing praise is what got me to try it.) He probably likes it because not every other dish is saturated with ketchup, soy  sauce, and fried chicken (aka, Panda Express). But if this is the "best" Chinese food in Las Vegas... I dunno what to say. 

The food is okay, it's authentic, as authentic as the food I ate growing up in SGV. And it's a welcome break from Orange Chicken and beef chow mein. But c'mon... it's authentic mediocrity. The XLB are decent and waaay overpriced (8 dumplings for $9). The beef in their beef roll is nothing special, although their flour pancake was awesome. Again, another $7. Their chicken corn soup was disgusting. The best dish of the meal was the gringo boyfriend's Beef with Broccoli. Oh... and an extra 50 cents for a BOWL of white rice. Wut? 

I'm not trying to be a cheapskate, but to Asians, especially Chinese, the price point of a meal is important. If a restaurant's food is mediocre in taste, it better have an excellent price point. This place would be banned in the SGV on principle alone,  it's mediocre (sometimes bad) food with a very high price point. 

So, why the 4-stars? Well, I gotta get my beef roll fix somewhere. I have to give it props for having so many of my hometown's favorite dishes. And I don't want to get Mama mad. You know how China mamas get....
Their soup dumplings are amazing, and we love their pineapple fried rice!!
Are lunch there today and loved it. Hot and sour soup with onion pancakes were both great
My new favorite Chinese restaurant
Across the street from Wendy's noodle House which is also very good
Best place to try the noodle dishes. Their beef hand made thin noodle, beef onion pancake wrap and pork sesame pockets are the best ! Please see my posted pictures. Yummy !
I've been here a few times - the tea is delish and we ordered the green onion pancake, Mongolian beef, Mixed vegies, Chicken fried rice and Crispy beef. Recommend them all!
The garlic eggplant dish was sublime. And plentiful. The Spicy Wontons were even better!
I been looking for a great XLB place in Las Vegas.  China Mama was recommended by a girl friend.  We came here during lunch time, and it was quite empty.  But still hard to find parking, because of all the surrounding restaurants in the plaza.  We just ordered the XLB, beef roll, fried onion pancake, and tan tan mien.  All the food was delicious, but nothing too crazy about.  It will do my XLB fix.  Prices are kind of steep for chinatown.   I would of gave them four stars, but their service is not welcoming at all.
First impressions when i walked in the door was that the restaurant was pretty clean and that it smelled wonderful, both are very good signs. I came here based on the ratings and reviews here on Yelp. And, you definitely get the most out of your money here (at least in Las Vegas...). I gravitated to their xiaolongbao, also known as "soupy buns". The xiaolongbao 's skin was done just right, the filling could have been a little more salty, but quickly fixed with a little of the vingear dipping sauce. If you're up to getting the spicy pig ears, it was by far my favorite appetizer here.
 The soup dishes weren't anything to rave about, but decent. on the other hand, the chef sure does know how to work a wok. 
The stir fried hollow vegetables were cooked perfectly!

Overall, a very good lunch spot.
My wife and I have found a search more difficult than King Authur's search and quest for the Holy Grail; Finding good Chinese Food in Las Vegas. Just like the Holy Grail; I'm not so sure it exists. 

I'm very picky about my Chinese food. Nothing here like NYC, San Francisco, or believe it or not, Sao Paulo, Brazil. 

China Mama was reccomended to us by someone at one of the Chinese Foot Spas. Either they have warped taste buds, or I didn't tip them enough and they were getting even with me. 

First, good luck finding parking in this center. If you find a space, it truly is a pot of gold. It will be your one great accomplishment and more satisfying then your meal. 

We went with another couple, so we were able to order a variety of dishes. I found them to be a cut above Panda Express, and that's about it. Service was slow, and a couple of the dishes were on the cold side. When we sent them back, they must have been given first in line at the microwave oven. They looked exactly the same, just now steaming. 

I do remember the "hot and sour" soup, the chow main, and my standard for rating, Kung Pao Chicken. Not worth even taking home and reheating for a lunch.

Tough to park, slow service, and over priced.

Bottom line: This is a Panda Express for Middle Aged and Senior Citizens, who enjoy taking in an atmosphere that's not in a food court, or fast food place, and  who have already used up their monthly coupons for buffets at Station Casinos.
I brought my parents here for lunch and I have to say that my Chinese baba and Korean mama were not too China happy. I could tell, of course, they were trying to be supportive of their "radical" daughter and relished in my lunch spot decision-making since they saw how excited I was to try it but underneath the approving smiles, I could tell they weren't impressed. China Mama serves a floral Jasmine tea, which I'm not a big fan of. I'd rather have my usual black tea to wash the grease down my esophagus, but that's just ME! I think the dishes here had a Northern Chinese influence and I'm more used to Hong Kong style, which I understand isn't their fault and I am completely open to trying everything (trust me when I say everything).

At first I was extremely overjoyed to hear that there was a restaurant in this city that serves soup dumplings. I could barely contain my excitement walking through the restaurant doors but my heart dropped just a little when I saw how empty it was. There were a couple tables having lunch when I went at 12 noon on a Monday. So, back to the soup dumplings. They were just OKAY... They didn't taste homemade and the texture was very doughy and dry. I was expecting the soup inside the dumplings to be more thin and broth-like but had a pretty thickened consistency, I'm assuming from the starch of the dough it was wrapped in.

Also, here's a question for some other China Mama patrons:

I ordered the Beef Dry Noodle with the hand pulled wide noodle. The density of the noodle was fabulous! BUT there was a very unusual flavor to them. My mouth got numb every time I ate them and it's a fuzzy feeling I've never experienced before. The beef and veggies in the same dish did not have this effect on me. I AM NOT allergic to anything (thank goodness) but am wondering if maybe I got a bad batch? The noodles tasted like some sort of chemical or cleaning solution? We asked the server if she could tell us what was in the dish to see if there was just a spice or ingredient that I am not familiar with but to no avail. I didn't want to make it a bigger deal than it really was so we left it at that. So, if any of you have ever tried it and know what I'm talking about, tell me if I'm crazy or if this is how it's supposed to taste! Thank you in advance for your cooperation! This strange taste made the noodle somewhat unbearable for me and I tried it a couple times, only because that's my motto; Try it twice, to be precise! 

Here are some gems I DID find on the menu:

Spicy Wontons! - SMOTHERED in garlic with a spicy chili oil sauce 
Beef Rolls - thinly sliced beef wrapped in a wonderfully oily, slightly crisp tortilla with a little hoisin (tortilla reminded me of Roberto's and I kept dipping this bad boy in the garlic chili oil concoction that came with the wontons)
Spicy Meat Combination - I love pig ear! There's nothing better than gelatinous meat!

All in all, China Mama was good but not great... And this was heartbreaking! I SOOO wanted to make this my, "You've gotta try this place!" recommendation to colleagues and friends but I guess I'll have to hold out until I find "the one". You'll get your soup dumpling fix here but don't expect it to be the best you've ever had. 

Stay classy Las Vegas and thanks for stopping by.
Four-and-a-Half Shiny Stars for China Mama Restaurant!  I'm super picky about my Chinese food because many of the restaurants cater to the Western palate.  China Mama is as authentic as it gets!  The restaurant is located off the main Las Vegas strip in a small strip mall.  The restaurant offers Taiwanese and Mainland Chinese food.

My table mates were very safe with their food offerings, but I threw in a couple of my favorites.  To start, we had the Mongolian Beef.  I didn't order this, but I'm glad that someone did.  The dish was created with very tender and flavorful beef sauteed with white onions, green onions, and a hint of garlic.  The flavor was outstanding, and I think this was the best Mongolian Beef that I've ever had!   Grade:  A!

The second dish was the restaurant favorite, Xiao Long Bao (XLB).  The XLB came out 8 to a serving and was served piping hot.  Each dumpling has a bit of juice in it and it had very strong flavors of ginger.  Delicious and fun to eat.  Grade:  B

The third dish was basil chicken.  Served in a little pot with a gel flame to heat the dish, the chicken was cooked with a soy glaze and heavy hints of basil.  I again didn't order this, but glad that someone did.  The flavors were bold and strong.  Grade:  A-

The fourth dish was stir fried green beans.  Typical string beans sauteed with green onions, garlic, and dried shrimp.  It was delicious!   They added additional flavors in this dish that made it taste more savory than the typical way it is presented in other restaurants.  Grade:  B+

The fifth dish was the spicy fish hot pot.  This dish can be ordered as non-hot or as bit arsh hot that you can stand it.  We ordered the dish as spicy.  The fish was generous, delicious and hearty.  There was cabbage (napa cabbage) below the fish.  The soup was presented in a soup-oil broth complete with spicy red peppers!  One thing that I missed about this dish was that it didn't have the typical szchuan peppercorns that numb the tongue.   The dish was spicy, but it didn't have the depth that it normally has with the peppercorns.  Grade:  B+

Service was great!  There was two main waitresses that worked the 20+ tables.  The younger of the two (daughter?) was very pleasant and allowed me to practice my Chop Suey Chinglish (I tried to speak Taiwanese / Mandarin / Cantonese all at once).  She understood me 100% and I had a good laugh!  The older waitress was a bit more serious!

This is a great place ot take family and/or friends.  They have an extensive menu of items (7+ pages of dishes!).

Food Grade:  B+/A-
Service Grade:  B+/A-
Worth the Money Grade:  B/B+
Overall Impression:  B+/A-
Always my go to place for delicious Chinese food! It's always hard for me to find a place that can make dan dan noodles just right and this place is always spot on! I usually don't go during rush hour but when I do go, the staff is always courteous and attentive. The fact that the staff is also all Chinese and joke and speak Chinese really makes this place feel like home (: every time a friend a craving Chinese food, I always recommend this place first!
Great soup dumpling!!  Try the pork stuffed pocket bread. Also, ask for "A" vegetable, not on the menu, but delicious. One of my favorite spots in the city.
On my last visit to Las Vegas, I treated my parents to early dinner at China Mama's, based specifically on the reviews on this site. I am always a sucker for great reviews, and certainly appreciate the candor of peoples reviews.

I have to say that after having visited China Mama's, I now have found my 'go to' Chinese restaurant everytime I visit Las Vegas. Having been to some of the best Chinese restaurants in San Francisco and NYC, I wouldn't say I am an expert on Chinese cuisine, but will say that I've tasted some wonderful dishes from coast to coast, and what China Mama offers, is almost up there with the finest of the aforementioned cities. 

As a rule of thumb, whenever I visit a restaurant for the first time, I always chose the 'safe' dishes-- In other words, what you would consider to be the main/staple dishes of the restaurants cuisine. This time around, at China Mama's, I decided to order myself the Shrimp Chow Men with the thick home-made noodles and Sweet & Sour Chicken. My parents ordered themselves the Combination Chow Men with the regular noodles and some Won Ton Soup. 

I'm assuming the Won Ton soup is already made in a pot they keep warmed up throughout the day, because no later than 10 minutes after we ordered the waitress brought it in a large serving bowl, with small bowls for everyone at our table. I'm not really a fan of Won Ton Soup, but the waitress encouraged me to try it out. I am glad she did. Add some of their home made hot sauce and you have got a super delicious mixture. I wasn't really trying to eat much of it due to it being 110 degrees out, but I have to say, it was extremely tasteful and the flavoring just perfect. As far as the actual Won Tons, at least to me, I didn't find much taste to them. But the flavorful soup more than made up for that.

My parents and I were thoroughly impressed at the serving size of our dishes, once the chow meins and sweet and sour chicken came out. Being our first time at this place, we all piggy-backed off each others plates to savor everything we all had ordered. It was far too much food, though. Despite there being three of us, we pretty much had at least 1/3rd of each dish as left overs. Which was great as we got to-go boxes and were able to enjoy the rest back at our strip hotel.

Having thoroughly enjoyed our dinner, I will certainly be back to China Mama's my next trip to Vegas and plan on going deeper into their menu to explore other dishes. Good looking out fellow Yelpers!
I came here a few years back and found the food delicious, but I thought I was just hungry. Now, I've been going there quite often to grab me the 17a: braised beef noodle soup. Not only that, it seems to me that EVERYTHING there is delicious (including the rice combos). The owner of the restaurant is REALLY nice, and always says "thank you" (even when HE'S pouring YOU the tea). Great service, great food, can't complain!
Cool! It's Home Garden. I love this place even though I think it is only so-so. Food tastes like home cooking, great for home sick students. The best part is the owner is super friendly, he never fails to disappoint me. Prices are good too and they serve dark meat!
I am a Taiwanese student at the University of Waterloo and Home Garden is the only restaurant that makes me feel at home. The food suits my taste, but the best part is how welcoming the place feels. The owner of the restaurant personally serves the customers, he by far has the best service in any restaurant I have went to in this country. No matter what you ask for, he will always respond with a big smile.

Onto the food, I would avoid the noodles since they tend to be a bit soggy. I love their rice combos and their water boiled beef (I forgot the exact name).

Highly Recommended!
11a as well as squid balls are awesome
This is the only Taiwanese restaurant in waterloo. The food is decent: especially that marinated egg and the prices are student friendly. The owner is the nicest guy in the world. 

Don't expect any decor, and expect to wait a bit when they are busy.
Vey good food. The service is excellent. The waiter is very nice and always makes sure you are getting the best food
This place was a mad house! I stood in line for 20m minutes then finally gave up.. will try again later! However the food that was coming out of the kitchen looked and smelled amazing!
I too stood in line for 20-25mins and gave up, but went back later in the week and was pleasantly surprised.  The first time and bad experience was the 2nd day they were open and they were clearly overwhelmed.

I had the Taiwanese Rice Noodles and they were fantastic.  Great price too, $4.95.  I enjoyed my noodles with a lychee slush with boba and was one happy guy.

They do not have every item on the menu, only about 1/5 while they are getting started.  I look forward to the full menu.
I had to wait 15 - 20 minute. but worth the wait. absolutely great food. dee -licious. great price too. 
They don't have all the item on the menue yet but they have most the items me and my friends wanted. 
We will be back soon. super food. Yum...Yum.
This was our second stop on our Mekong food crawl.. after waiting for about 15 minutes with one person ahead of us we finally placed our order. I cant tell you how close we were to walking out and just going across the street to ACE.. well we persevered..

Here is why the food takes so long to come out.. they que the orders up and try to make all like dishes at the same time, no matter how long youve been there.. if you ordered Peddler soup and 4 tables behind you ordered Peddler soup, you will be waiting until they get to that dish on the ticket.. its bullshit! 

Anyway, one order came out, was the pork chop and rice box.. while the pork chop looked good it was pretty lame. Tea egg was fine but it was just a tea egg.. the cabbage salad was warm and pretty boring.

After about 15 minutes the other 2 dishes arrived.. the beef stew over rice was prepared in this overly thick gelatinous goo.. while the meat texture was good the overall flavor and appearance was pretty nasty. The other dish, chicken in chiles was pretty ordinary and wasn't spicy at all. Kinf of surprising since the dish was covered in chiles.. though I think they may have been old. 

Even the boba Thai tea was thin, watered down and not very good. Was so not worth the wait! After a few bites of each we ended up leaving and went across the street to ACE for some decent Asian food.. 

What a complete waste of time.
Service was less than desirable. It took a long time for the food to come out even though there was only another group of 4 and us 2. The waitress wasn't very friendly at all, or maybe she just had a rough day. 

I didn't expect much from a Chinese restaurant with "express" in its name, but the food was surprisingly decent. Beef roll was oily, but quite tasty, and good size. Pork chop over rice was just some simple seasoning and soy sauce, nothing spectacular. Taiwanese sausage over rice was good, but I think if you never had similar dish like this before, you might not like it since it doesn't have that much flavor. Soup dumplings were decent, but I think it's the only place in the area that offers this so I can't be picky.

2 of us ordered all of the above which came out to about $10 each including tips
We are here for work for six weeks and I am craving for Taiwanese food. (I was made in Taiwan.) So I looked up in Google this place.

WOW. This is by far one of my favorite places now to get my Taiwanese food fix (compared to Ohio, Texas and Chicago). Growing up in Taiwan, there were lots of dishes that I love, but had a hard time finding since I lived in the US. One of my favorite is the "meat ball" or (rou4 yuan2). They have it, and sure enough, I ordered and it was good. We ordered total of 8 items including one bubble milk tea, only came to $30! It was a bargain. $3.50 - $4.50 per item is awesome for us who has a tight budget. I am gonna try their "Oyster omelet" next time!

As for the service. It was good and timely I think. The food came relatively fast. 

Their extensive Taiwanese menu really makes them one of the best I have had so far. Mind you, I have not been to west coast yet, so there might be even better ones out there. But so far, this is the best for me.

Definitely will be back. I have photos to share later!
I will be honest they are slow and have been since day one.  Now that thats out of the way the food is the best chinese food I have found in Arizona.  This may confuse allot of people so I should mention I spent two years living in taiwan so I may be slightly biased.  If you want chinese food that isn't changed to make white people happy this is the place to go.  Also if you like this I also recommend Lolly Cup at warner and Alma School (NW corner) Better drinks but a much smaller menu.
There are two restaurants that I tend to frequent at Mekong Plaza when I find myself in the area and this is one of them, the other is the Vietnamese broken rice place. Now as a restaurant let's get this straight, it's basic, it's not artistically decorated, it's a clean basic food joint and they have an alright selection of taiwanese style boba although their taro boba is actually pretty good since it's not too sweet. There are 3 items I tend to order at Taiwan Food Express and that is the Beef Roll, the pork sticky rice, and the Pork Shank soup. The Beef Roll reminds me of a Malaysian Beef curry roll eventhough this one doesn't have curry, the pastry has a similar consistency to Malaysian roti but with the beef in it mmmmm it's greasy and YUMMY. The pork stick rice is usual dim sum fare but I like it better than the sticky rice at Great Wall dim sum in PHX. and the Pork Shank noodle soup brings out the Asian in me, it's good ol shank with a kinda salty soup with bok choy in it. If  I told ya to try out Taiwan Food Express I'd say order yourself a beef roll it's just GOOD! :-)
i got a crazy boba craving tonight at like 9:20. my normal go-to place, the street, wasn't answering their phone and I had no idea if they were open or not. (i like how i call this my 'normal go-to' as if i have been a customer forever, let's be honest, ive been like twice. BUT i like it enough to call it my normal spot).

anyway, so i saw this place and decided to check it out. I called at 9:30 and the lady said they close at 9 but still had customers so I could come. i rushed my behind there so fast for my boba. i was not disappointed! 

this time i decided to get a few different flavors and put them in my fridge for tomorrow. i now regret this decision but what can i say? you do crazy things when you need a fix. 

so i got the following:
red bean- ok
green tea-  no thank you
thai tea- enjoyable
milk honey tea- yes please

I drank half of the red bean before it was too much and tossed it. it had a chalky texture? i totally tossed the green tea after a sip. and now i have the thai and my milk honey in my fridge for tomorrow.

the cons:
i spent $18, seriously, what the heck was i thinking?! 
they charge you $.50 per drink to add boba and I think it was room temperature? my drink was cold but the bubbles were not, i think they should chill them like the street does. it makes them way better.
and they charge to use credit so thankfully I had cash :) 

so, i will go back if they stay open just for me and i am desperate. but if  the street is open, that is my first choice. 

thank you for giving me my fix, TFE. you have a sweet spot in my heart.


BTW- boba goes bad in the fridge, it gets hard and gross. don't do what i did.
Great place for authentic Taiwanese food even though not much by way of atmosphere or service.  But who cares when the food is great!  Make sure you go with someone who knows what to order.
I'm going to start being tougher on my reviews, starting now. 

This place WOULD NOT give me a water cup larger than a 6 oz Styrofoam cup. We waited 20+ minutes for our lunch orders of orange chicken to come to our table at Taiwan Food EXPRESS. The orange chicken then tasted like liking orange peels. 

I was unhappy when my bill came.
My friend's family owns this restaurant owns this restaurant...so maybe I'm a little biased...but I always felt that the food and service here was great. Lots of variety of authentic food, and "Americanized" food on the menu. There's basically something for everyone. The bill isn't the cheapest for what you're getting, but I always leave Taiwan Food Express satisfied!
Came in for a quick lunch with a coworker. The lunch specials are available on Sunday which is a plus. You get your choice of entree and it comes with egg drop soup (very thick with corn starch), an egg roll and fried rice. The food was good. I could only eat half and the price is under $6. The only complaint I have is that the water comes in a two sip sized styrofoam cup and no refills were offered. This is a good place for a quick lunch or takeout.
Saturday night, prowling around the Mekong Plaza. I was sadly disappointed by the Tet festival. Determined to have fun regardless I decided to check owhat else the plaza had to offer. I'm glad that I did because this place is filled with hidden gems.

I was drawn in by the window advertisement for boba/bubble tea. I had seen this before on one or another of the discovery/travel channel shows.

After staring at the board forever and asking the poor kid at the register for recommendations I grabbed a honeydew with boba. 

The drink was very fresh and did not taste as if it had added sugar. The boba was a fun experience with a hard to explain the texture. I would say its almost like gummy bear texture but in little round balls. After a few drinks of mine I recruited a friend to come and try another flavor. He got the coconut/pineapple which was the other flavor I almost got. He had zero complaints about his and liked it very much.

The food the other patrons ordered looked and smelled amazing. I wish that I had some more room in me so that I could give it a try. Their menu is HUGE and the prices are very reasonable. I want to get back here sometime with a decent sized group to get a large variety of items.

The front of the store was manned by a Mom,son, and daughter team who were all very nice. The lady even gave this little girl a free bubble tea while I was there.

This could easily be upgraded to a 4+ star if the food tastes as good as it smells.
fantastic for a quick meal, i'd much rather eat here than panda express.. :)
In my search to the ends of the Valley for hidden gems for great food I've found a pocket of Asian ethnicity in Mesa.

Mekong Plaza opened in October 2008 on the southwest corner of Dobson and Main. Formerly an empty Target store, it has been converted into an Asian mall with Mekong Market as the anchor. The plaza houses three Vietnamese restaurants, one Thai and the Taiwanese place, Taiwan Food Express.

If you're unfamiliar with Taiwanese food, that would make two of us.

While Taiwan Food Express does have a China-merican menu with typical offerings, I'd suggest ordering from the regular menu and the specials menu. This will give you food that seems authentic and interesting.

This was probably one of the most exciting dinners I've had in quite some time. Taiwanese cooking has many influences including regional, ethnic and cultural influences. So in order to taste the diversity, we ordered as many dishes as the table could hold and then some.

If you're not feeling too brave, feel free to ask for suggestions, the employees here know all the good stuff. Our server, Jessica, made some great suggestions as we pulled a feast together. And at these prices - nothing is more than $10 -- feast away!

The Spicy Wontons ($2.50) are filled with tender seasoned ground pork then laid to rest in spicy chili oil. They were so tasty we ended up ordering a second plate.

Not being able to resist any sort of food challenge, we tried the Simmered Pig Ear ($2.50). It was funny to watch the look on the faces of each of my dining companions as they raised the wiggly sliced ears to their mouths. These were more of a texture food than a taste food. The ear skin was super tender while the center cartilage was on the crunchy side. Challenge won.

Less challenging was the scrumptious Beef Roll ($3.95). A tender pancake rolled around tender sliced beef with a slathering of sweetened soy sauce was slightly oily, but nothing a napkin couldn't fix.

The Scallion Pancake ($2.25) had a decent crunch and made a great bread to go along with the upcoming entrees.

A less adventurous diner might order the familiar Orange Chicken ($6.50). It's good choice here. The tender batter covered fried chicken was accented by a thick and pungent sauce. The portion size was huge and dwarfs any I've seen elsewhere.

A favorite was the House Style Chicken with Fresh Basil ($6.50). This dish was made from pieces of bone-in chicken, then covered with fresh basil. It was plate licking good.

Pork Belly with Sour Vegetable ($6.50) sounded good, but the sourness of the vegetables was off-putting. Perhaps it's an acquired taste?

The boiled Hi-Nan Chicken Rice ($5.95) was tender, and when dipped into the garlic and ginger sauce it was out of this world.

Another textural delight was Stir-Fried Rice Cake with Salted Vegetables ($5.95). Each bite of rice cake resembled a large piece of rice and, while subtle in flavor, had an addictive chewiness.

There are so many dishes to try that it will take a few visits to get through the menu, but with prices this low and service this friendly, it's worth a few trips.
Looks can be decieving!  It looks like a boba/bubble/tapioca drink place but it is much more.  It is asian style cafe where they cater to both the togo drink customers and in-store dinning.  We were with a Tawainese friend who ordered for us.  Everyone really enjoyed the food.  Everything was delicious and pretty authentic for Mesa/Phoenix area.  I wish they had heavier hand with the spicies to really make the flavors stand out more.  I would come back.
I wanted to try something new and decided to try some Taiwanese food. I really like the area and the plaza the restaurant is in. I ordered a few items of the menu and also added a lunch special for my three year old son. The lunch special was about $6.00 and consisted of Egg drop soup (good), vegetable rice (okay), Chicken Lo Mein (Great flavor, but kind of greasy), and a spring roll (also good). I had the Spicy Wontons which were excellent and the Koah-pau which was excellent as well. The so called "Orange Juice" was extremely sweet and $3.00 (waste of money). 
Overall I was very satisfied with the food and can't wait to come back to try more of their dishes. 

Go here for great Spicy Wontons and Koah-pau. Instead of getting the Orange Juice, stick with water or bottled soda.
I personally love this restaurant, i visit there often with my family.  Being the fact that im was born in taiwan it is a great treat to be able to have some authentic Taiwanese food.  I highly suggest the spicy wongton, it is probably one of my favorite dish in the restaurant.  I really wouldn't suggest ordering any typical dish you would usually order at any regular chinese restaurant, after all Taiwanese food and Chinese food does have it's differences.  So skip the Orange Chicken, and Beef broccoli.  Because thats not their forte.
I'm really conflicted about this place. There are not too many Taiwanese restaurants in the Valley and I wish them success. I will probably go back. But our experience was mixed. 

We ordered quite a few different things to get a sampling and two dishes were outstanding--the spicy won tons and spicy chicken and noodles: cold noodles with chicken, a few veggies and maybe a little peanut sauce mixed into the spice. Carol's seafood soup was unremarkable. The pork chop we ordered for my son was okay. Our niece had one of the Americanized entrees and it was--well--Americanized. 

The service was decent, not as bad for us as some others here. I think I was overcharged though. My bill was $47 and I could only figure out $37 worth of food and taxes. I think an extra $10 was stuck onto the bill. I'll assume it was an accident. I should have checked when I was still in the restaurant.

Mekong Plaza is, overall, a great addition to the Phoenix area. I've loved the restaurants and the grocery is cool also. This is the only Taiwanese place there so I hope they iron out the kinks and have a great run.
My parents, who were born and raised in Taiwan, told me about this restaurant, that it had authentic Taiwanese dishes.  I had to venture here naturally, and went here a few times to get some Taiwanese food for lunch.  I've tried a myriad of dishes here, both Taiwanese and more generally Chinese-  oyster omelet, stir fried napa cabbage with dried shrimp, a fish entree with some chili sauce, Taiwan style rice noodles, Taiwanese sesame oil chicken, and some Hainanese chicken rice.  My favorites out of all these dishes were the Taiwanese rice noodles and the Hainanese chicken rice.  The rice noodles were full of flavor and were reminiscent of the rice noodles my mom used to make when I was a kid.  The Hainan style chicken rice had a nice ginger-sesame oil paste to go with the steamed chicken and rice.  The Taiwanese sesame oil chicken was a stewy concoction of slowly simmered dark meat chicken in a flavorful ginger-sesame broth.  I loved the broth, but you have to be hardcore Asian to eat the chicken, since it is roughly chopped with a cleaver and you will have to really work at getting all the meat from the chicken pieces, as well as picking out bits of bone while eating the meat.  

We also had some bubble tea- taro and pineapple coconut.  The drinks here are more frothy and light as opposed to the more heavier and dense drinks you might find at other bubble tea shops.  I like how they have a good selection of jellies to put in your drink if you aren't tapioca inclined.

I'll definitely be coming here again to try more dishes and to get some bubble tea.
Well I must have chosen the worst dish that day. How sad, this place has a wonderful set of authentic tiwanese items. I ordered the spicy wonton ( Which strangely had "Ma La" sause/oil poured on top of it. Now I am a sucker for mala so I did like the dish even though the pork and shrim inside was rather bland ( me thinks an addition of some garlic/leek or ginger might do the trick). Also ordered the Taro Boba (without ice) which was fine , a tad on the sweet side for my taste but to each his/her own.

The Hainan chicken was however just horrible. The chicken was definitely semi rancid and both the rice and chicken were soaking in oil. I was hoping the ginger,garlic, onion sauce would redeem this but sadly that too was dissapointing.

an extra star for the potential. I hope to go back and order a more safer choice and hopefully redeem my impression of this high potential joint.
This review applies to the boba only, as I haven't had time to sit down and eat their food.

As it is for lots of boba places outside California, the boba is mostly focused on slushes rather than teas. 

The fruit slushes are of varying quality. The strawberry and taro slushes was excellent, while the watermelon slush was plain disgusting. 

The thai milk tea here is very bitter, tasting more like coffee than tea.

Eh, I've had better, but it's decent for Arizona
This place probably doesn't compare to the "real deal" in Taiwan but I took my Mom here (who grew up in Taiwan) and we both really liked it.  We got the egg plant/tofu dish and that fatty meat with bamboo dish and we thought they were both pretty authentic.  For their "small appetizers" we tried the scallion pancakes which was OK.  The place is pretty small and we went the week of CNY so of course it was super crowded.  I don't know how busy they are during "regular" days.  We really enjoyed the service and the food.  Would definitely go there again and try different stuff on the menu.  Prices were very reasonable, too.
I used to get my Taiwanese food fix at the Taiwanese fast food place inside the Ranch Market at the Chinese Cultural Center.  But it's changed hands, the quality has gone down and it's never had a pleasant area for sitting down to eat.

I was happily surprised by Taiwan Food Express when I was at Mekong Plaza a couple of weeks ago.

My mouth started watering as soon as I read the menu and even though I just had lunch and I was full, I had to order the pig intestine with mustard greens soup.  Was it ever DELICIOUS!  Simple and true to taste.

I can't wait to try the rest of the items on the menu~ esp. oyster omelette!

I'm very happy that it's so close to my son's Chinese school because I have a feeling this is going to be a regular stop for us after class for dinner!
This place is superb depending on what you get. Having grown up and spent 16 years in Taiwan, I stuck with the dishes that made me nostalgic for home; Notably  (stewed meat over rice),  (beef noodle),  (fried dumplings) and the  (scallion pancakes). 

I can easily say that I enjoyed the food and that most of the food was as close to authentic as I've had outside of Los Angeles and New York and other cities with really large expatriate Taiwanese populations. The beef noodle found a little portion of my stomach that had not been satisfied in the 7 months since I left Taiwan. 

My only criticism about the cooking was that the scallion pancakes were far too doughy. I arrived at a busy time during lunch for them and it took them a while to first notice us and second seat us, but once they'd seated us their service was spot on and surprisingly fast. 

Despite this, however, the main attraction for this restaurant is the food. Speaking as a person who has been craving this type of food for a very, very long time I find it very easy to brush aside my perceived inadequacies in favor of their spectacular food; it is ultimately your choice to do the same or not.
Talk to any Taiwanese person and you end up talking about food!  Any Asian person really, Asian people love to talk and to eat . . . is there anything better??!!

Came here again with my son and as I salivated over the menu, I couldn't wait to come here over a period of several wks to try the various dishes so in one seating I ordered:

oyster omelette
deep friend chitterlings Taiwan style
chitterlings noodle soup
stir friend rice noodles Taiwan style
taro smoothie w boboa
and a mango smoothie 

I wish I could write that I ordered all this food cause my son is a big eater . . . but alas, he's four . . . but, hmmm, me and my stomach really enjoyed all this food . . . everything was very tasty.

Don't worry, of course there were left overs which I took home for another meal . . . well, I'm not sure if the food lasted until the next day . . . I might have had them for a snack . . . tasty tasty!
After my 2009 visits, the quality has gone down a little bit. I don't know if they have changed chef or recipes, but some of the dishes I usually get did not taste the same started in early 2010. We have not been back often due to the decrease of quality in the food...
Taiwanese foods in AZ is quite a rarity and Taiwan Food Express does an admirable job representing their cuisine.  Some stand out foods include Tofu with Eggplant & 3 Cups Chicken (Basil Sesame Chicken).  The owners are really nice and friendly & the whole atmosphere feels more like home cooking than a restaurant.  They might not blow your socks off but sometimes comfort foods & friendly people is what you need after a long day.
I went here to 'do a project' with a friend (the project did not get done at all, but I digress) and he's from Taiwan so that was cool. We ordered so much food and it was so cheap! that was pretty awesome. We got the Taiwan noodles, which are rice noodles with some veggies like carrots and sprouts, and it was topped with some ground pork. It was pretty good, the noodles were a little hard to bite through, but the flavor was good. Then we got the pork chops, which were really good. They are breaded and fried and had a lot of flavor. We got the fried dumplings which were really good. They were crunchy on the bottom and soft on the top. It could have been more flavorful, but it was still good. Plus the potsticker sauce had little green onions in it, which is always good. We got green onion pancakes which were the best part! They were crispy, yet chewy, and had a great flavor.... so yum. Finally we got shaved ice with boba, red bean, grass jelly, and condensed milk. I've never had anything like that before, but it was pretty good. So overall, it was good and I would come back. The service wasn't too bad like others have said, but I could see how it might be if the place was busier.
Great little restaurant located in the Mekong Plaza. Loved going there on my lunch break and getting the lunch special. Lot of food for very cheap. Also great food if you're hungover. Orange chicken and any of their noodle dishes are fresh and amazing. Always my place to get Boba too, wide range of flavors and oh so good.
They are very friendly here and willing to accommodate your food order to your liking..only thing is the food was not all that great which we were kinda bummed about because it did look very good. Prob give another dish a shot. b/f tried the Mongolian beef and was not impressed at all. i had the orange chicken and no complaints really. 

if i don't go back for food.. i WIll and already am becoming a regular for boba drinks. any flavor you want. Im a  sucker for a coconut boba drink..yummers!!
I've been to Taiwan once already, and am heading back there again in a few months.  Mostly, I adore the night market fare.  The menu here had me soooo excited.  I was with my fiancee, and we ordered the fried squid, tan tan mien, scallion pancake, and a cup of milk tea.  The milk tea and squid were very close to what we had at the markets.  However, I was extremely disappointed in noodles.  I'm not Taiwanese, but of the many times that I have ordered this dish, it has been spicy.  This was not...it lacked much of any flavor.  The scallion pancakes served only as a belly filler.  I may return, b/c there are so many other dishes to try, but will not be repeating any of my last order.
The Taiwanese dishes here are quite good..... 

I don't know what people are expecting when they go to a Taiwanese place and order Mongolian Beef/Orange Chicken/Kung Pao chicken and then immediately compare it to Panda Express

That aside their scallion pancake with egg was scrumptious and their prices here are just what a college student needs. 

I prefer this place to A.C.E. too

downsides~ boba not good as boba house, some dishes are off, service is very hands off asian style..... but you go to a place for what its good for and TFE is well worth the effort
Glorious, utter glory.
Upon entrance there was no host or clear directions, so it appeared as counter service. However, after ordering and paying at the counter, it was clear that finding a table and sitting down was acceptable also. A server would come over and take the order. Water was given to some guest, will none given to others. There were many authentic Taiwanese dishes at a reasonable price. However, flavors were not quite on point. Mung Bean smoothie was very good. Ba-wan was okay.
Good food with a good selection of hard to find stuff. The drink selection is amazing! Love their green tea milk. Would give it more stars if their  menu was more uniform. Its difficult enough finding a good place to sit without having to poor through their appetizer heavy menu trying to figure our how much food should be ordered.
I'm here for the second time within the week and this time I ordered the Taiwan styled stew noodles, green papaya salad, and iced coffee. 
The Taiwan styled stew noodle was a bowl of egg noodle with scallions, bean sprout, and meat sauce. Simple and tasty. 
The green papaya salad however was not good. The papaya too coarse and lacked flavor.  Portion also small for the price. 
The upside to this experience is since I was here twice in one week I almost got a smile out of the person helping me at the counter. 
And I've also decided that I'm going to try each dish on the menu that's not an Americanized Chinese dish. 
So stay tuned for more updates!
loooovvveeeee their boba! I come here principally for the tea, but the food is good too. The prices are very good (nothing over 8 bucks, many dishes for under 4) They have quite a variety of dishes, I haven't been too adventurous, but I would like to come back and have some of the noodles. I have had shrimp and broccolli, which was excellent, along with a scallion pancake, which is nothing like a Korean scallion pancake, but it's still good. Our server was very nice, she explained which dishes might be too salty and which dishes are more popular. I like nice people like that!

It is a little small in there, but it is sort of meant to be fast food...you can sit and be served though. 

Anyways, as I said, I ALWAYS stop in for boba after shopping at the market. But every now and then it makes for a good, cheap lunch.
Tried the papaya drink (minus boba which I dislike).  Not bad at all. Not too sweet.    Trouble is I've never found anything nearly as good as the Papaya King and Grey's Papaya in NY, NY.  Why is that?  Where else can I get papaya drinks like they make it in Manhattan? What's their secret?
Gave it another star because I keep coming back for papaya juice, plus they have very nice food too.  So many excellent Asian restaurants around Dobson.  It's like being back in CA!
Taiwan Food Express is a great local option for quick Asian food.  For the same price as a plate a Panda Express you can get an entree, rice, soup, and a spring roll.  All of it is made to order, and there is great variety.

If you're in the mood for something tasty and spicy, this is a pace to try.

No AMEX.
This place is good. We ordered fried chicken,meat balls,beef with egg roll and rice,spicy dumplings and too much for 2person! Especially the fried chicken,better than pork. We will try some other things next time.
Not bad for taiwan food. The dumplings were pretty good though. The service could have being better....they need to work on customer service. The eggplant and tofu dish was interesting. The seafood pancake wasn't that impressive. Hey...i was very hungry....so I eat anything.
Awesome! It's nice to have a Taiwanese based restaurant close to me. Please save yourself the embarrassment of looking like an idiot by coming here, ordering orange chicken or mongolian beef, and complaining about it on yelp. Come here for the Taiwanese food please (bringing a Taiwanese friend is recommend- go find one). Traditional Taiwanese food tends to use a lot of seafood since Taiwan is an Island with easy access to the sea. I would recommend trying the Oyster pancakes. Their green onion pancake is also good, but a little "fried too much" for my taste. Overall this place has good quality Taiwanese food. Of course this place is nothing comapred to the Taiwanese food I've has in Taiwan, but Taiwan Food Express satisfies the craving!
Got Rice!? Cause I need some now!

This place is great if you need a quick run for some rice. That's what happened in my situation. I ordered the Spicy Lover - cause that's what I am; sssssss haha! It was pretty much kung pao chicken with an extra kick!  I dig it.  It came with an eggroll, side of egg drop soup, and fried rice.  However, if you can't handle a lot of spice I would definitely recommend the regular kung pao without the extra PAO - if you know what I mean. All this for the price of $6!  Not bad at all. It's like ordering street food, but not actually being on the street. They also serve Boba drinks here, but I rather just run next door to the frozen yogurt boba shop.

The place itself is pretty simple and looks like a fast food Chinese joint for sure.  Service is good!
Ate here over the weekend while shopping at the Mekong Plaza market. Was very impressed with both the taste of the food and the staff. I had the Mongolian Beef with a Green Tea Boba drink - fantastic! And very reasonably priced too because I was able to get 2 meals plus two large size Green Tea Boba for both me and my wife for about $20. Don't expect much in the way of ambiance, but it's a great place to eat lunch before your shopping trip. Recommended.
Yum
This place just tastes GREAT! It seems silly how low their prices too!
I really love this place.  It's a nice spot to get a little taste of taiwanese cuisine in AZ.  They have bubble tea and some typical taiwanese dishes.  

Get the:
-House Style Chicken with fresh basil. (the sauce is a perfect balance of spices making for an interesting flavor combination against crispy pieces of chicken)

Also, everything is really cheap, so you can order a couple dishes and walk out of there without breaking the bank.

Always wanna come back for a quick, tasty, meal!
Horrible cuts of meat, weird almost sour after taste of chicken like its been sitting out for a while. For being in an oriental/asian plaza i thought the quality would be higher. I was wrong not ever going back. BE WARNED
Awesome service, food & cleanliness! This is one of our favorites!
This place does takeout and has a small dinning area with about 10 tables. For drinks, the Thai iced tea, milk tea, and cumquat juice with boba are nice. For starters, the spicy wontons were very tasty. The meat inside was plentiful and flavored with herbs, while the sauce was excellent. The pork chops were a little greasy, but had a nice five-spice flavor that kept me coming back. The house special chicken pot is an excellent dish fit to feed two or more. The sauce is a tangy, light, and BBQ-like with an Asian style. For sides, the Szechuan green beans had a tasty chili garlic flavor. Overall the meal was very good and fairly priced. I have visited here twice already.
Traditional Taiwanese food, love it
Good food, if all the Taiwanese comes here that means this is really good.
We used to come here quite often but this visit was just terrible. The manager was yelling at her worker and the food (we had oyster pancake and spicy wonton) was aweful. We won't be back for a long long time!!
It's the only place you can get decent boba (in Arizona). The food is pretty good and the service is usually okay unless one lady is working. The service was much better before a couple of girls left in the summer. 

The people who they think was the manager isn't the manager (but she thinks she is). She's a real b. I don't know why Amy, the owner, even keeps her. At any rate - when she is working, I refuse to go there. I will literally walk on by! :D
Their combination boxes are a good value, rice, some protein, vegetables, and an egg for about six bucks. Try the taro milk tea slush!
Love the food n the service ;) the lady over there is really nice!!! Try the taro mike ()
For authentic Taiwanese food, you wouldn't expect very good service, but the staff was friendly and greets you almost immediately.

I took a Mongolian Beef, Steak & Pepper, Beef Roll, Picked cucumbers, 2 small Boba drinks, all for $30- to go! My favorite so far is the Beef Roll since the skin is perfectly crispy and the meat tastes great mixed with the green onions.

Food is pretty good overall, and prices are fair. I'll be back to try the other tantalizing appetizers on the menu, as well as the dim sum, begging me to have a taste.

FYI, there is a $5 minimum to use your credit card!
Went into this place yesterday to try their boba drinks. I got a watermelon slush and my boyfriend got a vanilla latte slush. Both were SO good. They used fresh watermelon for mine and it definitely tasted like it. We went back today, I tried Pineapple coconut and it tasted just like a Pina Colada. Haven't tried the food yet but I can't wait to!
Very tasty I had the house chicken and my wife had the kung pao chicken.  For desert we ordered shaved ice and the pineapple topping was sour from being too old or left at room temperature too long.   So it was good, but the desert was a disappointment.
Just moved to AZ and discovered this place. Located right next to the Chinese Mekong market. Food was delicious and service was fast. I had the tofu, mushrooms, and bok choy. Also ordered the pig ears. I know strange but once  u try this, you will be going back for more. Make sure to ask for them to make it spicy
Stopped by for some bbtea which was decent. The food looked and smelled really good.
Ate here after looking at all the choices in the Mekong Plaza.  Tried their combination menu which included Egg Drop soup, spring roll,  fried nice and the the dish of your choice.  The soups came out and after two spoonfuls  I decided it was not worth eating due to the "unusual" taste and perhaps a bit of sourness such as when food is going bad.  I was afraid to eat it and gave it up quickly.  My hubby ate perhaps two more spoonfuls than I  (his palate is not as quick as mine) and then gave up on the soup.  He loves egg drop soup so for him NOT to eat it, you know something was wrong with it.  I mentioned to the server that something was really wrong with the soup--that it tasted funny and she gave me a half smile and walked away.  Didn't even take the soups away from the table until I visually prompted her to.  Perhaps not knowing enough English is the problem--probably.  
The spring roll was tasty as was the colorless "fried rice".  Yes, although it was white with some peas in it, it did have a pleasant taste.  The pork chow mein I had was almost all noodle with just specks of pork.  Pork is cheap isn't it?  I don't get why there wasn't much of it.   Hubby's orange chicken was made as spicy as he requested and was not laden with crust--he really liked it.  
It took a lot of coaxing to get the water glasses filled especially since it was a really hot afternoon.  
After my first time here, I think that the food is OK and the prices are fair.  However,  I don't think I will go out of my way to eat here again---especially after the bad Egg Drop Soup (which I believe had the potential to make me sick)  and lack of pork in my dish.
Great and very authentic-seeming Taiwanese food.  Everything was tasty, though if you aren't Taiwanese and are used to standard Chinese-American fare, some of the menu items might be a little strange to American tastebuds.
pretty decent taiwan food in the valley. We go there every couple weeks, usually order to go and then take our time for the grocery shopping, then came back to pickup. all kinds of delicious food to try
I go there often with my kids after chinese school on Saturday mornings. The place is always a mad place on earth. It's a good thing that they have more customers than the seats but there is no organized method to keep track who comes first.we went there today and waited in the front.  People arrived  late just ignored the people waiting in line and grabbed the table if they saw one. We were cut in line twice today. Finally we got a table but had to call the girl over TWICE to clean up then the third time for the menu. After my older one had few bites, he found a hair in the food, then another one! It was so disgusting! I called over the manager lady( seems like she is the owner?) and she looked at the hair that still embedded in the food and looked at me. She came back later and said all the chefs were men. What the fxxx! I would pull my hair and put it in my son's food? It was a terrible experience! When I got the check, I really didn't want to tip. But I still did. I wrote " worst experience ever. Was cut in line twice; hair in the food " on the receipt . I am not going there agin!!
This popular little restaurant in the Mekong Plaza complex serves inexpensive, filling Chinese food fast. I find their food to be quite tasty, though it would have been better if they held back on the salt a bit. Service is friendly and efficient, the whole setting is very informal, and I do enjoy the boba they serve here. I'll definitely be coming back to try the salt and pepper smelt (I love smelt) and other items they serve that are not normally found in most semi-fast food Chinese places.
When you need a non-Cantonese fix and the best boba in AZ, go here! We love the milk tea plain boba as much or even more than the food but havin said that the menu offers some great alternatives to our 90% Cantonese bias. Ironic that 90% of my Chinese friends now live and work in Taiwan, so I pay tribute to them each bite of the flaky beef roll and slurp of tapioca! 

Never a wait for us and quick fast reasonable dishes. The house chicken is another fave as the dominant cumin spices always stimulate our overly soy -oyster sauce dulled taste buds! Lol
I had the sauteed sliced fish (swai) with green onion and ginger.  So good, fresh, wholesome, and filling. It reminded me of my mom's home cooking, or as close you are going to get to it at a restaurant.  Service was fun, fast, and friendly.  Nice people.
Let's talk about the positive - The food is decent. Most of the combination plates are decently priced and the portions are good. Look out for their giant sized onion cuts. They don't believe smaller portion cuts. Overall, the taste is good. 

The bad - This happened to me numerous times. Since I am a English dominate Asian guy, I find their service appalling. There have been a few times where I don't get served the menu. Those times, I simply walked out. 
As for the servers, if you are not a Chinese speaking customer, they simply ignore you. I noticed that many of the servers take their time talking to other patrons while I am left alone. 

This place serves a niche but their service quality should be better for everyone...
Cheap, good, fast Taiwanese food. Get rid of the Americanized menu and I might give you the 5th star. 

Note for people expecting awesome service here (and at many other Asian places). Don't. It's a different food/restaurant culture. Want something? Make yourself seen and heard.
This is the place I take my family to try Taiwanese food. We like their boba smoothie. Sometimes we would drive out of our way to get a cup here because I crave it so much. Most of their dishes are authentic.  I usually order stuff I do not want to spend the time making at home. I just wish they would have more Taiwanese snack type dishes that I could never find here or CA. (Like sweet rice sausages!) This is pretty much a diner, so service is basic. To me this is not a deal breaker, since I do not require to be checked upon while I am devouring my food.  In case I need anything like a second pair of chopsticks or another glass of water, I just ask for it.  The young ladies there are very good at responding to my requests.
Myself as an international student from china, I was bored in China and grow up all the way from 0 to 18 years old and I know what the restaurant in China looks like and what the food taste like. By looking through the reviews they have of Taiwan food express, I find out something pretty interesting. People from all nations go and try the foods there; they have different ideas of food culture based on their background. Some people may think the service they have there is not very good and even not friendly. That's really funny, in fact the people work there is pretty friendly and they know exactly what they are doing. That is exactly what has happened in the real Chinese restaurant. Mostly, when you go to the Chinese restaurant, the server will gave you a menu and it take time for you to choose the dish you want so the server will not stand next to you all the time and they may leave. After you choose the food you want, you can just raise your hand or call the server and then they will come and write down the food you want. That is the way we do in China, that is one kind of culture.

For the food they have there, most people done the review said it taste pretty good and I am absolute agree with that. They order the real Chinese food instead of the American Chinese food or something else. There in one guy said that he feels pretty disappointed when he wants to order the orange chicken and Mongolia beef when he comes there. That make sense to, because most native people may thought what we have or eat in China is orange chicken or something like that. That's not true. In china, we have 8 different styles of food which were from different province. I can even say that different province have absolutely different food. There are more than thousands of foods you can find and eat in China not only the orange chicken and Mongolia beef.
I was craving for some Taiwanese popcorn chicken and this was the closest place to me that had it at the time. I was on my way to work after coming from a meeting. I had about an hour, give or take. It took me about 10 minutes to get there. I ordered the popcorn chicken plate (comes with rice) and a taro almond milk tea and got my number and waited. and waited. and waited. ........ and zZ Zzz waaaaiiiitttteeed.... for about 30-40 mins! 

I had to rush it back to work and when I got to work I had to scarf down my lunch. I didn't have enough time to finish it so I saved half for dinner.

Despite the wait, the food was tasty. The chicken was well seasoned and exactly what I was craving for. And the rice was good! Hot, soft & fluffy! I love when Asian restaurants use quality rice! You don't get that too often at restaurants nowadays. It also came with sauted bok choy and a braised egg. Yum!

I'll be back to get this again. But I think I will call way ahead next time or order my food and go grocery shopping and come back and pick up. I hope it was a one time experience because I can't imagine people dining in and waiting so long for food!
Well, decided to try another place in Mekong Plaza.  Originally was gonna eat at Asian Cafe Express (One of my fav's) but it was just extremely busy.  So down the block to Mekong we go.

This place is in the exterior part of the plaza and seen it every time I go to Mekong.  So, today my friend and I decided to try it.  Since I was new there, I tried the simple Sesame Chicken combination, and got a Star Fruit Slush with boba ($3 plus $0.50 for boba). 

Our drinks were the first items finished.  Quite tasty and the small size wasn't too small. Also first time I had anything that was suppose to be star fruit.  Then the entree's came out.  They gave me a decent amount.  Enough to pass me over for most of the day.  The chicken itself was real sweet and tasty.  Never had sesame chicken, must try it at other places.  The rice was good and it also came with a egg roll that was just the right amount of crunch.  The soup it came with was just ok.. it did have tofu in it.

Overall not too bad, the size of the place is small though, could get real crowded easily.  The staff were nice enough and didn't take too long for food to come out.
There was a void in my life. 

Having just moved back to Phoenix via Los Angeles, and living with my parents in North Scottsdale for a spell (which has terrific restaurants but lacks any kind of authentic Taiwanese cuisine), serendipitously stumbling upon Taiwan Food Express was exactly what I had no idea I needed.  

Situated in Mekong Plaza (a little strip mall in Mesa) Taiwan Food Express dishes out tried and true Americanized standards (teriyaki chicken) for your more picky eater, and meals of pig ears, spicy beef tendon, and oyster omelette for people who enjoy how flavorful and amazing dim sum can truly be. The scallion pancake with egg can heal inner pain and sadness you carry from the scars of childhood. 

So I guess what I'm saying is try it. Try it now. Right now!!
Food is not bad, service is good and bad, depends on what time during the day you are going. But this is the BEST place to get Boba in AZ!
Yi Mei Champion Taiwan Deli has finally opened just a few doors down from 168 Supermarket. And on its first day being opened to the public, it has already attracted a very nice crowd of eager patrons.

From the hand written signs near the cashiers counter, it states that it is open everyday except Thursday. This little restaurant with seating capacity of 48 has a Breakfast Menu which is served from 7am to 11:30am, and a Lunch Menu served from 11:30am to 9pm. Since I was coming from work, by the time I had arrived it was already 11:36am and most of their breakfast items were sold out. Meaning no freshly made soy milk (or Iced Soy/Bean Juice as it is called in their menu) for me, which was the primary objective of this visit and the reason for skipping the free lunch at work. So I ordered the Beef Roll with Preserved Vegetable (it was that or the version made with pork), which was pretty much the only item available from the Breakfast Menu. And it was quickly served to me on a red china and still wrapped in the plastic wrap.  It is a sesame crusted thin bread stuffed with slices of braised beef with Chinese preserved vegetable.  It was alright. A little on the dry side, but a good experience to try their version thousands of miles away from the original in Taiwan and China.

As I ate and looking over their menu I see that they also serve various handmade dumplings (such as "Steam Bao" aka Xiao Long Bao, which was also sold out), Spicy Beef Noodle (which I ordered), various Taiwanese Deli, Shaved Ice (which they don't currently serve), cold beverages and hot desserts. The back of their business cards also states in Chinese that they served Taiwanese style hot pots, but that is not in their menu, just like the breakfastitems are not listed in the menu. I also ordered "Temple Meatball" and Fish-Ball Soup (should be more accurately called Fuzhou fish ball).



The first item I ordered arrived quickly, since it was premade and came on a plate still wrapped in plastic wrap.  It was okay, maybe too dried and lack much flavor to warrant trying again in the future.  After that it took pretty long for the items to be sent out the kitchen, since I doubt they were expecting this kind of crowd on opening day and they probably don't have any proper line cooks working in the back.  So by the time I finished everything and paid by bill it is 12:50pm already.

The kitchen is definitely not ready for the better than expected turnout, but hopefully with more practice they will soon get the hang of it.  As of right now, there is no POS in use, so items that are out, must be communicated to the staff taking the orders as it comes in, and if not everyone is on the same page, you end up with customers waiting for a good long time, until they either ask about the status of their order or just gives up and pay for what they have already been served. Furthermore, the kitchen and the expeditor needs to agree on how orders are placed and executed, because the time for discussing how to handle order tickets is not in the middle of service.

Food-wise, I thought it was just okay.  The best item I tried was the Spicy Beef Noodle, except I felt the beef needed to be braised longer, since not all of them were tender. There are also still a lot of things I want to try if they are actually available, so I will be back.

Menu - sadly very typical of the mom and pop operations in that the English translations of menu items are 1) misspelled, 2) poorly translated, 3) utilises questionable word choice.  If the restaurant needs someone to correct their menu, I can do it. I just hate seeing simple words like tofu, noodle, chicken spelled correctly in one part of the menu and not in others. And I also can't understand why some parts of the menu is not translated at all, like the shaved ice. It is not that hard to translate select any 3 toppings, 4 toppings, etc for X price.
Parking - pretty convenient since it is in the same plaza as 168 Market.

Price - pretty reasonable for most items.

3 stars.

They also have shaved ice on the menu, but it is not available yet.
We went to have Taiwanese breakfast on Sunday morning. We got there just before 11:30am and they served breakfast only until 11:30am. It was after 11:30am by the time we got a table (it was packed in there), but luckily they still took our order for the breakfast special. It consisted of hot soya bean milk, Chinese donut, and a pastry bun. This typical Taiwanese breakfast combo was not bad for $3.99. The soya bean was very strong flavor and made fresh at the restaurant. The Chinese deep fried donut was not quite up to par, not chewy and holey enough, but okay. The pastry bun was flaky, although for my taste buds, I would prefer it to be filled with some sort of meat. We also ordered xiu long bao, salty rice roll and a beef sandwich. The xiu long bao was quite tasty, but a little on the small size. The salty rice roll which consists of glutinous rice wrapped around a Chinese donut with dried pork jerky was not bad. It tastes quite good, but the Chinese donut inside was overcooked and a little too hard for my liking. Lastly, the beef sandwich had slices of marinated beef in the pastry bun. It didn't come with any sauce, so to me the sandwich was on the dry side. The flavor of the beef could also be improved. So overall, I think this place is only deserving of 2.5 stars. Oh, one last note, although they have waitress to serve you, they also have a table at the side, where you can pick up your own plastic utensils, napkins and get your own water to drink. Pretty weird huh?
This is the only real Taiwanese Deli in town.

What can you say? The best in town?

I am just glad we have Champion back.

We ate there the third day they opened. It's very typical of Taiwanese food made in America. I won't ask for more even if I was in L.A.

If I want authentic, I'll fly back to Taiwan.
Being in so cal for 4 years before moving back to Vegas recently, I had the fortune of enjoying all kinds of Taiwanese food and my favorite by far is having Taiwanese breakfast, so when I spied Yi Mei and it's advertisement for Taiwanese breakfast delicacies, I was stoked!  Despite that the food caliber not being to so cal standards here, I was still happy as a clam that I got decent Taiwanese breakfast!

Breakfast goodies:
1.  Fresh soy milk!  You could tell that it was totally ground from scratch because it had nice fibrousy soy bean chunks in it.  I think that a boba straw would work better than the skinny one they provided.  Regardless of the difficulty of using the skinny straw, the soy milk was enjoyable, refreshing, and perfectly sweet.
2.  Green onion pancake/Cong You Bing - I love this savory pancake usually for it's crispy and chewy texture.  Yi Mei got the texture right, but it lacked the savory/salty touch to make it perfect.
3.  Juicy Pork Dumplings/Xiao Long Bao - These little juicy morsels certainly were not Din Tai Fung caliber and not bursting with juice and even slightly too salty, but overall, it was decently good.  
4.  Spicy Beef Noodle Soup/Hong Xiao Niu Rou Mian - This soup was unique.  I've never had a tangy spicy beef noodle soup before, and I can say I actually like the tanginess.  The beef cubes were actually really tough.  No bueno on the chunks of beef.
5.  Taiwan Style Noodles with Egg - Two nice bonuses in this soup.  Bacon bits + Fish balls filled with savory meat!  Bonus!!  
6.  Potstickers/Wo Tie - These were the cutest lil' potstickers ever!  They were the size of a chinese soup spoon with a nice crispy char on the outside and juicy filling of pork and cabbage on the inside.  Though they were on the saltier side, nothing a dip in some vinegar couldn't fix.

Conclusion:  Decent Taiwanese breakfast foods and fresh soy milk!!!
I wanted some hot soybean milk and Chinese donut (oil stick) for a while so finally, this morning I had some. We arrived at Taiwan deli at 10:45 and luckily no wait. There was one table open so we sat down quickly. Here are the things we ordered:
Chinese donut (oil stick): 1.65-4*
Sweet soy bean milk: 1.60-4*
Baked sandwich: 1.65-very plain. Don't order it by itself
Baked beef sandwich with mustard green: 3.5-4*very beefy and flavorful after adding soy sauce. Yum
Radish pancake: 2.99-2*Because I had better
Steamed dumplings w/pork and leeks(little dragon buns): 4.99-2*very dry! No no no!

Yeah, it's pretty hard to screw up the soybean milk and oil sticks, but it's pretty hard to find that combination here in Vegas so I am giving them 4* on that. Those prices that I have next to the items are a la carte prices. Right now, they do have a breakfast special, which is the soybean milk, Chinese donuts, and baked sandwich fir $3.99, which saves almost a dollar. All in all, I do like to have a traditional breakfast of soybean milk and oil sticks once in a while and this will be my go to place.
We ( My date and I ) checked out this newly opened Taiwanese Deli place that's next to Lelysee Bakery and near 168 Market.

Reminds me of Tea Planet without the booth seats and colorful interior. They have some snacks and health products for sale that you can browse through if you like..

They have a self serve utensils and water dispenser if you need an extra bowl or cup to share food or just to drink plain water.

We ordered the Chrysanthemum Tea, which was delightfully refreshing to taste. I could drink 10 of these if there were refills.. but that's just wishful thinking. This is my all time summer drink to cool my body when I feel like I'm about to experience heat exhaustion... it works instantly and you literally feel relieved.. even to say... Aaaaaaaaaaah!!

For dinner, we ordered two most popular Taiwanese dishes:

Spicy Beef Noodle (Soup) - Surprised it wasn't overpowering with the spices that I thought it would have. It was actually just right in giving it a kick each time you took a sip. I actually really enjoyed this broth. I loved the noodles! It had a great texture as if it was homemade. Thicker than fettuccine noodles, but thinner width-wise. It was like udon noodles texture, but half its size... absolutely enjoyed every bite. The beef was like stew meat that is cooked for many hours... unfortunately I had to minus a star for the fact that some of the chunks of meat ( the ends/corners of it ) were quite tough to chew upon. And for that reason, I couldn't even eat the remainder of the beef chunks, but I did finish all the noodles, sliced green cabbage, and some kind of pickled shredded mustard green.

Rice with Pork Chop - It also came with a boiled egg, steam greens, and ground pork. The coating is somewhat similar to katsu style, but this batter they dip the pork chop into and deep fry is on point! It had a light, airy crispy crunch on the outside.. which was my favorite!!! * My eyes lit up like Christmas lights in full blast from biting into a piece. Very tasty and satisfied all my taste buds. Even the meat was tender and juicy.  Bravo!! Bravooooo!!! I definitely recommend this dish if you love meat and deep fried food. It really hits the spot indefinitely :)

They also open at 7a.m.- 11:30a.m. for breakfast, which I heard was incredibly cheap, but good. Service was quick, but not much smiles... At least my tummy was smiling and it put me in a great mood. Hey I'm an emotional eater... What? *Ladeedadee skipping away.....
Not bad for a "Taiwan Deli" in Las Vegas...being from Southern California it's harder to compare these restaurants in Vegas to the quality of the ones in LA.

The Green Onion Pancake had no flavor because they didn't put much salt in it but it was also not as greasy as most places which was kinda good.

Plenty of dishes to choose from I got my standard chicken and rice...but it just wasn't the same as other restaurants.
I went with my girlfriend and we were both excited about the restaurant because there isn't many Taiwanese food joints in the area.  

We went in, the waiter took us to the table.  Service is at best a 3.  Not entirely her fault due to the joint having only 1 server.  

The food:  at best a 4 and at worst a 1.   I feel generous about giving them a 3 rating because I haven't tried everything on their menu.  Nonetheless, everything was ok, but missing some major flavor component that makes Taiwanese food good (although I can't put my finger on it).   We ate the pancake (2), pork rice dish (4), the beef noodle (2.5), the simmered beef cold dish (4), wrapped rice (1), and a couple of drinks.
My Taiwanese friends love this place since they can get their basic breakfast here for cheap. However, the few times I've been here the place is so crowded that if you're JUST ONE PERSON, you'll never sit down and enjoy your food! 

Both times I came here they overlooked me for a larger group. Once I was sat, they moved me to share a different table with another small group. 

The food is ok but it's not the gem in the rough I was hoping for. Maybe I'm just not big into dipping a chinese donut into soy milk. It tasted bland to me.
found this place on yelp on my recent vacation to vegas... i was excited with the notion of a taiwanese breakfast place, but honestly, the food was ok, but the service was great! i love their breakfast tea!
Don't mind the 3 star rating. This place is de-ricious.

What's up with everyone giving this place 2-3 stars because the "service was terrible". My family and I went here twice in one day and did not experience anything remotely close to bad service, despite every table being taken. In fact, the owner of the place actually came over and had a 15 minute conversation about how the place got start, what types of dishes we should try and what other places we should check out in the area. 

I took my parents to Vegas for the first time. The only request that they had was to check out Chinatown (yes, my parents are lame). I looked up a breakfast place to eat and found Yi Mei. I was a fan of the other locations in Southern California, so I decided to take them there. We were greeted right away and wait about 2-3 minutes for them to clear off a table. Unlike the other locations that I've been to, they had a huge menu included lunch & dinner items. I want apologize in advance, since I have to translate the dishes from Chinese to English and completely making the food sound unappetizing. We ordered a variety of things...soy milk (sweet and salty), Taiwanese style donut, scallion pancake, beef sandwich, "meat round" (Taiwanese dish with meat filling wrapped by a translucent rice cake). I have to say, growing up with Taiwanese food and living in Taiwan for a year, this place is as authentic as it gets. The food is made fresh to order and they do it very well. With all the food we ordered, the total was still less than 30 dollars. 

If you want a nice break from the expensive casino food, this place is a great option. 

A little about my credentials:

I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky, engineering image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian  Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of pastas and dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 8 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I am now an engineer that travels all over the world trying new foods and learning about different cultures.
We were fans of the Champion Gourmet on Spring Mountain and very sad when they closed down.  However, the Yangs (Bobby and Misti) were the first to tell us that they were reopening business in this shopping center and we anxiously awaited their grand opening.  

What we loved most was their hot pot option - something that currently is not offered.  (Word from Auntie Bo directly said she'll be starting the hot pot business again come the new year! Yay!)

We even missed out on the famous CMYE: Breakfast of Champions event, which got raving reviews and reinforced how fabulous the Taiwanese breakfast experience was there.  (We plan on hitting it up one of these days!)

One day the Husband came home and said he wanted some Spicy Beef Noodle Soup from Yi Mei Champion Taiwan Deli. Apparently someone from work had been raving about it, and yelpers concurred!  So off we went to dinner!

This is what we tried:   

* Spicy Beef Noodle Soup ($6.99) - This is THE thing to order at Yi Mei.  Look around and you'll see every table have a bowl of this.  Every review talks about it and I can see why.  The Husband liked it and found the beef to be tender.  I was personally enjoying the noodle part more.  It had a good texture, something that Suki L. talks extensively about it in her review.  It also came with bok chopy and pickles, be sure to ask for more of those preserved pickles because they add a nice contrast to the dish.  Bring me a bowl of the noodles, broth, bok choy, and pickles and I'm good to go! 

* Special Fry Tofu ($4.99) - This was a long shot because we weren't sure exactly what was going to make this a 'special' fried tofu.  While we waited for this dish to arrive, the Husband asked if they had the stinky tofu still.  I wasn't sure since there was another dish on the menu called "Hot Spicy Special Tofu" and thought that may be the dish!  When it did come, it looked like before with pickled cabbage and a dipping sauce.  When I bit into it, it was definitely the stinky tofu.  The texture was a bit dried out, but the crispiness of the tofu was refreshing.

* Green Onion Pancake ($2.99) - One pancake arrived and it was a bit thicker than what I'm used to getting. We needed to add some hot chili oil (and other condiments found on the table) to give it a little more of a kick.  I personally prefer thinner green onion pancakes.

* Steamed Bao ($4.99) - Also known as Shanghai dumplings or 
Xiao Lung Baos.  They were the last to arrive.  There were eight small dumplings that were a little gummy and could have used a bit more time in the steamer.  I prefer it that way so the hot soup within the dumpling can burn my tongue a bit.

This is a pretty casual restaurant where there is a self service station for hot tea, water, and utensils.  You'll find this on your immediate right when you walk in.  Take a seat and be sure they know you sat down so you'll get menus.  (Try to ignore the spelling errors on the menu.) And when you're ready to pay, head to the register and know what number table you sat on to help them out.

This place is steadily busy, and not just from new customers who happen to be shopping at the nearby 168 Market.  But rather, these are long-time customers from their old restaurant.  You can tell they have a strong following.

When the Husband was paying, he got a chance to meet and talk with Auntie Bo, who is just the friendliest lady.  That's when we heard that hot pot was returning come the new year and we were psyched!  You can't help but love the family-oriented atmosphere where regulars come to enjoy some quality homelike food.  She really makes an effort to know her customers!   

Not only is Yi Mei Champion Taiwan Deli a restaurant, but it's a mini market as well. You'll find dried goods and refrigerated items for sale.  Take a look around for some interesting and unique goods!

Update! 01.06.11 - I stopped by and asked Auntie Bo about the return of the hot pot. Looks like it's not going to happen anymore. =(  She said they just don't have the staff to do it.  Oh well.  But she did mention Dragon House as an option for hot pot which I can confirm!
Originally reviewed at  CMYE: Breakfast Of Champions, where all the patrons/reviewers are friends and family, which I believed is VERY misleading.
_________________________________

I really wish real people give honest opinions about their restaurant experiences (and NOT family and friends). I should have known better after reading it.

We arrived about 10:30am on Tuesday, 12/21/10, ordered what everybody was boasting about. 

The soy milk was lukewarm and NOT tasty at all, Chinese donuts were very disapointing - "cold-greasy-chewy," like it was cooked a few hours ago; onion pan cake came out 90 percent cooked - raw dough is white in the middle, raddish pancake was at least two days old, steamed bao looked like it was previouly frozen, steamed meatball tasted spoiled and the milk tea from the fridge tasted like someone spilled their perfume inside and my last bad experience about this restaurant...The old waitress was RUDE!!!!!!  I don't have an ax to grind about that or the restaurant, but, if you're going work as an waitress, you have to be helpful, don't act as if I'm bothering you, also be consistent with their cooking.

I usually take my leftovers home, not this time.  NO THANKS, LEFT IT ALL BEHIND.
we went there on Chrstmas day for lunch, food was ok but the servers is slow........i mean very slow i have to wait 1 hour to get my food. not really happy about that.
I wasn't super impressed with this place. 

Based on reviews and word of mouth, I was excited to try given the lack of good Taiwanese food in town. I got my group together and we headed over.

Well, I was pretty disappointed by the selection of menu items and found it hard to read. I'm used to misspellings, grammar error and non-translated verbiage... but this was ridiculous. My whole party had a tough time navigating our way through the menu, even my friend who knows Taiwanese. 

When we finally decided what we wanted and ordered, we were excited about our meals coming out. I have to say, I was pretty disappointed. I did enjoy some of the food we had ordered, but a majority of it was bland. I didn't feel the need to lick my plate and that makes me sad. I needed more spice or flavor to almost everything I ordered and the textures were a little off as well.

I left feeling hungry and unfulfilled, as did the rest of my party.
Flavorful beef noodle soup
What a disappointment. I've been to the Yi Mei in Cali, and was so excited they have one here. Maybe I got too excited, and thus my disappointment was even more so. This place is definitely not the same. Although they sell the same menu, the food just taste bad. Turnip cake was a failure, and didn't have the sweet sauce on it either. It took forever and still wasn't worth it. Egg wrap was decent I guess. What is with the soy milk? How come i order sweeten soy milk, and it is basically regular soy milk and you have to add your own sugar? If I have to add my own sugar, I feel like I'm a step closer to diabetes.  The service...Idk. We were told to wait because there were many people, and then people that came in after us got seated before is. Pretty much they forgot to seat us, and when they did, we sat under the construction area where there was probably asbetos falling down. I didn't mind the somewhat poor service as long as it's good food, but the food wasn't good. I don't think I'll come here again. Too disappointed.
My wife and I are foodies and having relocated from HK to here we are in constant search of all of our "favorites" from asia.  Being that we would take food vacations to taipei we walked into Yi Mei with some trepidation.

Now before I continue on, I do want to mention that HK is not actually a great place for taiwanese food (or else we wouldnt go on foodie trips to taipei).

We ordered the spicy beef noodle soup.  Had a little bit of heat but not sweating sort of spicy.  Which was great because it had a great taste that would've been covered up had it been too spicy.  Very nice!  It was also quite big, I am used to the little paper bowls of beef noodle soup in the alleyways of taiwan, not the american sized portions.  Couldnt finish it all and the waitress (the owners grand daughter) was great and brought me 2 containers 1 for the soup the other for the noodles so it wouldnt go all soggy together.  

My wife ordered the steamed pork rice.  I knew it was good as soon as she declared "I'm not sharing!"  Of course she did and it was very good we were impressed. 

My wife had the cold soy milk and enjoyed it I ordered the hot and had to put sugar in it, home made and nice. everything was home made and it was like having a personal taiwanese grandma cooking for us.

Then onto the Xiao Lum Bao.  the filling was good the skin a little thick and not enough "soup" inside the dumpling.  These took awhile but they were by far the best I have had in the USA.  Din Tai Fun sets a very high bar,we have gone to the DTF in taipei, shenzen, hong kong, singapore and jakarta (no pork at DTF in jakarta no pork dumplings suck).

Great food, nice family atmosphere place.  We will be going back anytime we plan on going to the 168 market for shopping.
***** Worst Beef Noodle Soup ***** 

The instant beef noodle soup (Nissin- I believe) is better.  Seriously, go put that in the microwave and it'll be better.  And trust me, I am a snob.  I grew up in a town with alot of Taiwanese people.

I'll give it 2 stars because the niu rou xiao bing (don't know the english name) but it' s like a flaky pastry with beef inside is good.  

There's some decent stuff here and I guess since there's not a plethora of Taiwanese options, I can see why people are reviewing higher.
This is actually an update from Misti's CMYE a few months back....We decided to give Du-Pars a break and feast on some Taiwanese action. We feasted on the following:
Sweet Soy Milk, Chinese Doughnuts, Green Onion Pancake, Taiwanese Omelette and Sticky Rice Roll were all tasty...Definitely the Breakfast of Champions!....ALOHA!!!
I had the fan tuan (rice ball) and love it! The fried Chinese "donut" was crispy and fragrant. They don't skimp on the pork floss and the rice was just the right texture, not too hard, but solid enough to maintain structural integrity and offering the perfect level of chewiness. The fan tuan here was WAY better than the one from their LA store.

I also had the beef shao bing (sandwich-like thing). I was caught off guard that it came cold. I mean, I get that it's prepared but couldn't they at least serve it lukewarm? or room temp? I couldn't eat it cold so I had the waitress reheat it for me. 

After the reheating, it was pretty good, but but blow-my-mind spectacular. The dough was crispy and the beef was okay. 

The douhua (soy...jelly?) was very refreshing. I love that it was not too sweet and you can add sugar to your liking.

Get the fan tuan.
Lawrence C. must be talking about the Korean joint next door to Yi Mei cause the beef noodle soup here is as good as it gets. I came here with my family and the meal was absolutely delicious (and to Emily R: the menu is just fine; items are understandable; there are just some things that are lost in translation). 

The beef noodle soup was full of beef. Not only that, but this beef was so deliciously tender. The noodles were infinitely better than Lawrence described... The soup was very lite, and not oily like many beef noodle soups that I've had before; the noodles weren't overcooked or undercooked. For an appetizer, I ordered the beef  tendon and that was very flavorful (I ordered it spicy) and was a pretty large order for the $2.50 that we paid for it. We also ordered a handful of other items off the menu like shao bing, fan tuan, soy milk, and a few other pastries and they all were excellent for the price. Everything was flavorful, but not overwhelmingly so at any point. The soy milk they serve plain so you're able to add sugar to your liking (just like in Taiwan!). No corn syrup crap here.

I would come here over and over again if I lived in the area but alas, it's an 8+ hr drive from where I live :(

Don't know if any claims on Yelp mean anything, but my family is Taiwanese too and we enjoyed the meal so that might mean something...?
This is an okay representation of Taiwan street food. The owners are very nice. The food is all right, nothing comparable to something you can find in LA.
I gotta bump up the rating to one more star for an improvement in the juicy dumplings (xiao long bao) and potstickers (guo tie).

We went for a lazy Sunday morning breakfast at Yi Mei.  We mainly went for noodles, but we didn't know that noodle dishes are not available until lunch time.  It definitely worked out because the server recommended the pot stickers.

1.  Pot Stickers - Juicy lil' baby morsels of meat and add in the crispy fried skin
2.  Juicy Pork Dumplings - improvement!  the meat wasn't as salty.  the skin was thinner, which is better in my mind.  juicier but still not as juicy as din tai fung caliber

Conclusion:  up 1 star for improvement and juicy and flavor factors!
I am so happy to have found an authentic Taiwnese restaurant for breakfast.  I do miss my hot soy milk and chinese donut and they do it well here.  We tried several dishes including ones not so... breakfast-y because I just wanted to try them.  As usual, I end up ordering too much had couldn't finish it all, but very satiated as I walk out knowing that I sample great number of dishes and still have money left to gamble.... 

Next day, we came back, though right after we've had a lunch (at another restaurant on my list to try) and walked away with handful of take outs to enjoy in our hotel room for late night snack.....
Can't find a better asian place to get breakfast anywhere in Vegas.
Owner/chef Borman Yung is a charming, incandescent, talented cook and businesswoman.  I met her a few weeks ago when I popped my head in to see what Yi Mei was all about...she immediately began to ply me with deliciousness (but truth be told, I'd just had a huge lunch at China Mama) so I promised her I'd return.  So when I was invited to lunch today by two of my favorite students and adventurous eaters, I knew they'd love exploring Yi Mei with me...and we had a blast.

First, I reviewed what previous reviewers have said on yelp - cross referencing it with the menu she gave me and John Curtas' thoughts...then I dug in and made a list of the dishes that I knew we should try on our first pass -- and it was an amazing first visit...

Spicy Beef Noodle soup was terrific...well balanced delicious - not that spicy...but really good... and the noodles...oy.

Scallion Pancake...textbook

Beef roll...honestly this was my least favorite - but the pickled cucumber and and the kimchee with it were so good, I didn't care.

Sticky Rice Roll with shredded pork...think sweet, fuzzy, crispy, umami chewiness...awesome.  totally the first time I've ever had anything like this before and I loved it.  

Sesame Sauced Wide Noodles that were divine...rich, garlicky, warm, with scallions.  again - the noodles were perfectly cooked - so wonderful.  

XLB that were perfectly sized...finally, I didn't feel like I was going to choke because I had too much in my mouth - these were heavenly. The broth inside wasn't scalding - but I've had them enough now to know how to eat them - with great respect...

Potstickers - no, not redundant, completely different in technique - and with the addition of leeks to the minced pork, these, too, were just perfect.

Two of us ordered chrysanthemum teas - another ordered winter melon juice which was like drinking raisin-honey water...completely surprising and delicious.

So, as table after table of Chinese left, giving us thumbs up, we realized we'd clearly ordered and eaten impressively...We just couldn't stop....

That's when we met Borman...I kept looking for the darling woman I'd met the first time - but she wasn't there... (because she was cooking...)  She came out to see how we liked everything - and I smiled... she said her 80 year old mother had taken the day off... so she was in the kitchen.  We raved to her - so with that she picked out her two favorite desserts and cups of freshly squeezed soy milk and presented them to us, on her.   I didn't think I could eat another bite - but naturally, we soldiered on through what I thought would be sickeningly sweet...I was wrong... everything was subtle, interesting, unlike anything I'd had before - although somewhat recognizable.  From the sun cookie with the chinese symbol on top. to the sweet fried bread, to creamy, but refreshingly wonderful...I was hooked.  She told us about her breakfast.  

We talked about her children - which is why she came to America - for their education...one's a doctor in Ohio, the other also a doctor with an MBA... She left behind a producing career in radio in Taiwan to support them here...and hasn't looked back... Single now, she's funny and contagiously happy, a wonderful story teller and completely passionate about doing things right.  

I never knew how soy milk was made - she gave us a detailed lesson - and probably would have given us a demo, had we asked...I'll have to remember to do that next time.  

As we left, she asked me how many folks I worked with, and sent me back to the office with three boxes of pineapple cakes for them - and plenty of menus - and an offer to do anything to help whenever I might need it... : ) 

She also mentioned proudly her Yelp event...and how much she adores Misti and her husband...how she met them, and raved about his musical talent and regaled us with stories of them and Kevin Costner... ask her!   

This is one of the reasons I've really grown to love Las Vegas - the possibility of finding special treasures like this - Yi Mei and Borman - one and the same - inextricably intertwined, families doing what they love - and loving us in the process...  Go, eat.  

Open 7 days, 7am - 9pm.
I woke up this Sunday morning with a craving for fried donut and wonton soup.  My mom and I went to Wendy's noodle cafe and realized they only open for lunch.  So we decided to try this place since I've read some reviews and heard about this place from a few friends.  

I cannot understand how people are giving this place 4 or 5 stars. 

Where do I begin...first the service was horrible.  Right after we came in I realized this is one of those places where you seat yourself.  I don't have a problem with that so we picked a table.   After 10 minutes wait we still hadn't seen any service in the entire dining area so I went to the counter while thinking maybe this is a place where you order at the counter and serve yourself.  The lady at the counter told me she'll come right out to take our order.  Another 5 minutes later a different waitress came out and started taking order from a group of people who came in after us.  So I had to go to the counter again and the waitress who told me she'd be right out was just hanging there doing nothing.  

Very much like the service the food was also a disappointment.  I wanted something soupy but they didn't have any soup (including the beef noodle soup) available for breakfast.  So I ordered fried donut, beef pancake and soy milk.  The fried dough (or donut) was probably the worst I've had.  Part of it was overly crunchy and the rest was like chewing on paper.  

The beef pancake came out in saran wrap which made it look not freshly made.  It's not horrible but I've definitely had better ones (like the one in China Ma Ma).  The taste was bland and I had to use a lot of hot sauce.  The flaky outside was so crispy that it just fell all over on the table when I tried to unwrap it.  What a mess.  

I expected soy milk but I think she brought me the soy tofu thing.  Anyway the dish already had fried donuts in there.  Any decent waitress would warn the customers that they may not need the additional order of fried donut but apparently not here.  The dish was below average from presentation to taste.  

Overall I don't think there's anything about this place that will make me go back.  They may have better things for lunch or dinner but I don't really care about finding that out.
I didn't interact here as much as I usually would because they're very Asian here. My mom brought me here and she did the ordering, all of it. I was also on the phone so I didn't witness much in the beginning.

I've grown up with oil sticks so this was a pretty awesome place for me to go to. Usually I'd eat oil sticks and fried taro and the like in China or New York or something.

We ordered a breakfast meal pretty much. It was just veggie-pork bun and oil sticks and this sweet soupy stuff. I totally forgot the name. If you look at the menu, everything looks cheap. It's about $1-4 range (the menu on the wall). I'm probably going to come here a lot with friends now and get random stuff here and there. It's as close as I've been to to the food that I grew up eating for breakfast.

I'll be back for sure!
Decided to switch it up and have Taiwanese breakfast since its been a while...The sweet soy milk with chinese doughnuts were good, as were the little pastries(sweet and savory) we tried-ham and radish, shanghai onion, and curry pies, and two types of sweet pastries, one baked and one fried which tasted okay. The pancake omelet was a liitle over done this time, as was the Salted Rice Roll with the shreddded dried pork...ALOHA!!!
I love this place. I had spicy beef soup, pork & leek dumplings and spicy peanut noodles. Everything was great but the spicy peanut noodles seem to miss something and I couldn't pin point it, so I just added hot chili sauce. The whole meal was just $23 not including tip. I was a but confused with the drinks in the fridge, my friend grabbed what she thought was soy milk but by the end of the meal we forgot to ask what exactly it was. It is quite small so when it gets busy, you may have to wait or order to go.
We tried the beef roll, xiao long bao, and the green onion pancake. The beef roll wasn't as meaty as I expected, and the wrap was more tortilla-like instead of crisp and flaky on the outside. The xiao long bao were fresh off the steamer and pretty good. The green onion pancake was a bit thick for me and didn't have much green onion.
It was Sunday and we were coming off our high of an exciting and fun weekend in Vegas.  It only seemed appropriate for us to "sober up" with some traditional Taiwanese breakfast foods.  The place was slightly out of the way but we were still up and at 'em early enough to avoid those who waiting until check-out time to run for the CA border.

It wasn't busy which was a relief (possibly due to its location) and when we walked in, we were promptly given a clean and spacious table.  The restaurant isn't big but it wasn't crowded either.

We ended up ordering a bunch of stuff.  The best of which were:
Egg cake with Chinese donut - we thought the egg cake would be wrapped around one Chinese donut but it was two.  Massive!  and we ordered 3 of them!!
Taiwan-style stir fried rice noodles - topped with a meat sauce...totally reminded me of home.
Stinky tofu - not too stinky but the garlic soy sauce paste they serve with it was so yummy, the tofu ended up being a vehicle for the soy sauce instead of the other way around.
Tofu custard soup (salty) - looks almost like a hot and sour soup.  some people might find it bland but I couldn't get enough of it
Cold soybean milk - very fresh and tasty, natural

The not as impressive:
Oyster pancake - I noticed they used clams.  CLAMS!  That's very different from oysters and make the pancake very terrible.  The sauce they used was also too sweet.
Taiwan-style "meat ball" - this is really some ground up meat and bamboo shoots inside a skin made of rice flour so it's chewier.  Texturally, it was good.  The meat itself was seasoned well.  Unfortunately, they used the same sauce on it as on the oyster pancake - too sweet!
Steam pork/veggie bun - I didn't personally try this but my friends said it was dry.
Milk tea - they used some wierd condensed milk which threw off the taste of the tea and it was further ruined by the fact they didn't use Taiwanese black tea (red tea in Chinese).

Service was very good and friendly with the owner/lady coming over to chat with us briefly.  We thanked them a lot and they thanked us a lot and in the end, everyone was happy.  I hope we can make this a Vegas tradition!
Sweet potato cake is so good!!
Egg pancake is good too!!
Most of the stuff is great here!!
Definitely order the beef noodle soup!  The noodles are plentiful and the beef is exceptional.
I love this place.

I went there 2 times in 2 days because I loved it to much.

Their soy milk is awesome.... I would recommend getting one sweet and one non sweet and mixing them (I like a little sugar...but not a lot).

Their "rice balls" or more like "rice burritos" is amazing... get the salted one.  It has a chinese donut and pork sung (dried pork) inside.

Other things I would recommend is the vegetable and pork buns, their beef wraps and also their egg pancake for breakfast.
We left Vegas early to head to Death Valley... and started the morning off with a Taiwanese breakfast! Found Yi Mei on Yelp and when we got there at 10:30, it was packed!

I did both breakfast and lunch items together - started off with a fan tuan (rice roll? I don't know the direct english translation) and moved on to my pai gu fan (pork + rice), which was huge. We also tried the Oyster Pancake, average... could of been better, and the green onion pancake (cong you bing), just okay. The beef noodle soups were pretty oily, so avoid those if your stomach can't handle grease.

Super nice owner, actually from the bay area, and because we bought a bunch of snacks and soymilk to bring on the trip, she gave us extra things for free like a box of pineapple cakes, some sort of coffee drinks, etc. We came back a few days later and she still remembered us. Good service!

It's a good break (and reasonable priced meal) from Vegas - about a 5 minute drive west of the strip
--

PHOTOS:
Onion Pancake: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JjjlhlQ2LEaQMuAug4fDIA?select=NFgBLqbwVGuhK1c6r-JJ4Q
Pork + Rice: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JjjlhlQ2LEaQMuAug4fDIA?select=4cCWMXo7niJ7GsAHJ1j_1Q
Oyster Pancake: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JjjlhlQ2LEaQMuAug4fDIA?select=qd0mVfjzXkYv-elKVAMivQ
Fan Tuan: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JjjlhlQ2LEaQMuAug4fDIA?select=JvFuD25JawX6Jp9yQbODqQ
Sadness can only be cured with fried Chinese Doughnuts and Hot Soy Milk. An early trip to drop off my sister to the airport alloted me an hour before I had to get to work. An hour is a strange amount of time. Not enough to devout too much time to any activity, but long enough to make it difficult to fill. 

My job is close to Chinatown and I have wanted to try Taiwanese breakfast. I love my hot soy milk ($1.75) and yutio ($1.75). Other than that, I am not familiar with this style of dining. The soy milk is thin and comes plain. The waitress told me that I would need to add sugar to sweeten it. Maybe after some of the reviews saying it was too sweet got them to just serve it this way. I am a fan of self service and added just a little to lightly adjust the flavor. Unsure about the sizes of the dishes here, I decided to order one at a time. Lucky, for me, because the Egg Cake and Chinese Doughnuts ($4.75) is a bountiful feast. One stick of two doughnuts are wrapped in a large egg pancake. When the waitress came around, she had many little plates on a tray and dealt them out to multiple tables. I eyed the largest plate and wondered what it was. Wonder no more, because it was mine. I debated on whether or not to finish my meal, but the perfectly brown dough begged not to be wasted. The savory and soft egg gave amazing textural contrast to the deep fried bread. They fry them up to order, because on the bottom of my plate, there was a little puddle of oil. Usually this is a turn off, but the taste makes it easy to overlook a normal infraction.

At $7.03, I ended up with a delicious meal at fast food prices. I would like to come back and try some of the pickled mustard green or vegetable buns. 

For a large restaurant, there is only one waitress attending to guest and cashiering. She apologized a few times for the wait time, but it was nothing to get hung up over.
Love this place. Reminds me of the foods I used to eat when I was a kid back in Taiwan.  The noodle dishes are great. And the foods displayed at the display cases are good too, marinated eggs, veggies, all foods from my children.  It helps to speak Chinese or know exactly what you want because the staff seems to speak limited English. But they're nice and the language deficiency should not deter your visit.  Prices are great as well.
We made 12:15pm reservation at Mesa Grill but I was starving at 10am.  I was in need for a quick bite to eat.  I really wanted to try Yi Mei because reminds me of food from my childhood.  I knew I couldn't order everything from menu.  I went with juicy pork buns.  One of my favorite of all time.  The juicy pork bun comes 8 per order and needed 15 minutes to cook.  I wasn't in a rush.
Yi Mei could have provide water or tea while I waited.  Waitress didn't bring me anything to drink and wasn't her fault since I didn't order a drink.  I have never been a fan of soy milk and seem the poplar drink at this restaurant.  20 minutes and the pork buns were done.  They were delicious with ginger, vinegar, soy sauce on the side.  I had some fancy duck dish for lunch at Mesa.  But it didn't compare pork bun dish at Yi Mei.  That I will remember for rest of my life.
Next time 5 stars if Yi Mei brings me some water or tea with food.  I'm willing to pay for water.
I've been to this place a couple of times and now I think I'm ready to review this little Taiwanese deli place. First of all, the people are very friendly here. All the employees here are very polite and very energized to work.  They will get you anything in less than 10 seconds. And that's fast.  

Every time I came here I always order their spicy beef noodle soup. It's the best in town!  It's got plenty of flavor in it and the soup is so addictive. I always drink it till the last drop.  The beef  is cooked to perfection, so soft and tender it will just melt in your mouth, and the noodle are perfect chewy texture. 5 stars

I've also tried their smoke chicken over rice and that was very yummy also. 

The place is kinda small but will fit a family of 4 easily, just don't come during lunch time cause then there's no more seats and you'll have to wait!
Great and very authentic Taiwanese food. It's like stepping into a Taiwanese restaurant. Service is more 2-3 stars, but authenticity and good food takes it to 5 stars for me! We go here so much they know us and my daughter who can order her own food! In Mandarin!

Service is a mix between wait service and "help yourself". For water and tea, you usually have to get it yourself. They'll take your order and bring food and other things you need (when you ask), but then you pay at the register.
The food here is very mediocre for breakfast. It wasn't very authentic tasting at all. The shao bin was really really dry and the you tiao was way too crispy. The Taiwanese sausage dish we got was really greasy and felt/tasted like they kept it outside for over a day already. The food over all was not TERRIBLE but I would go somewhere else next time if I have a choice.
LOVE LOVE LOVE. This is as asian as I will get. I've only tried a couple things on the menu but this places makes me happy. I always, always get the salty rice roll. It tastes just like my mama's and takes me back home :) 

The chive pancakes, another yummy one! The only thing I don't like about it is how deep fried/crunchy it is.

Service here is pretty quick, the people taking your order are only friendly on occasion.

To people who are not of the asian culture: they probably seem like they are really rude when you walk in....but thats just the way the are, lol.
I love love their mochi, peanut, black sesame and red bean, all delicious! They make it in house. Friendly people.
I was fortunate to be introduced to this place by a friend (who actually was visting Las Vegas). Definitely a place that I know frequent when I am craving true Taiwanese breakfast food or spicy beef noodle soup. And every time I do check in here, my friend from LA is jealous!

I havent had that many things on the menu here, but thats only because I tend to order the same thing! For $2.25 you can get the salty rice rolls (with preserved pork inside). These things are so good and they are made fresh to order! The other thing I always get is the spicy beef noodle soup with tendon. This rivals many of the places I go to in LA and the portion is actually bigger here. Definitely some comfort food, especially after a long night of drinking.

If you are craving some authentic Taiwanese food, this is the place to be!
2 stars for the deep fried pork roll n green onion pancake n cold soda.

Shao lung bao had zero broth inside the dumplings... Broth within most important part of shao lung bao ( shanghai dumplings).

Hot n spicy wonton were Tasteless.

Ordered stinky tofu but never go it. 

Air conditioning was weak if any existed... Everyone was fanning themselves.

Don't plan on going back.
I'm a cooking instructor in China and my parents are from Taiwan and we love this place.  I usually don't look forward to eating Chinese food when I visit from China (too much there), but this is one of the only places I'll go because it reminds me of Taiwan.  The owner's daughter makes a lot of the food that they serve and she is very passionate about food.  I kept asking her questions on how to make a lot of the food and she enthusiastically walked me through her processes.  She even brought out the dough for some of the Youtiao (chinese donutto show me how to do it, and explained the length of time it takes her to do it.  They also get up early to make their own soy milk.

The spicy beef and tendon noodle soup is delicious.  My mother also tends to get the stinky tofu there, which I very much enjoy too.  They also sell frozen products like Zongzi (Chinese stuffed banana leaf filled with rice and other goods).  They stand by all of the products they make and are very authentic.  The wontons in spicy oil are also very good here.  The service is just laid back and relaxed.  Expect to get your own water from the dispenser and help yourself to the sodas in the fridge.  Also very affordable.
Lunch today was wonderful. Hospitality was the greatest. Very helpful that English was spoken, sometimes that does make ordering difficult at other locations. Food was primarily steamed, not fried in grease. I'm liking that a lot! We'll be back.
Awesome TW breakfast! also love their beef noodle soup!
This place is great for the most part. There are some days where the food is inconsistant and just terrible, but out of all the times I've been here, it's usually pretty good. I LOVE the stinky tofu here. It's hard to find good stinky tofu, but this place is my number 1 spot for stinky tofu. They also make their soy milk from scratch! Yum! Also order the beef stew noodle. This item if gone on the right day is delicious. But when the soup is new, the the soup isn't as flavorful but still ok.

The service? When coming here, forget about the service. You don't get service. Service here is terrible. The servers have no desire to "work it" and make there tips here. Not only do you serve yourself water, but the after dropping off the food, it's rare for you to see another server for a while. 

The atmosphere of this place is crappy. Its a small dinky place with only a few tables, and it feels cramped and crowded. 

Only reason this gets a four star is because of the food. I love Food, and can careless about the service or the atmosphere.
AMAZING FOOD!!! 

The most authentic Taiwanese food I have had since visiting Taiwan! 

Breakfast and lunch specialties that can't be found anywhere else in Vegas! 

My mother-in-law is from Taiwan and this is her favorite restaurant when she comes into town. 

The spicy beef noodle soup is a must have when you come here! The portions are large so I usually share with my wife. Everything is made fresh to order, and they have a huge selections of dishes. 

Some of our other favorites include:
spicy wanton soup
fried onion pancake
turnip cake with a fried egg on top (Luo Buo Gao)
Pork and mushroom steamed buns
Curry meat pies
Sun cakes
Soy bean milk (made fresh daily)
rice roll (fan tuan)
twisted cruller (you tiao)
Baked wheat cake (shao bing)
Fried pot stickers
And several more that I can't remember right now

A MUST TRY FOR ANY ASIAN FOOD LOVER!!!
Very authentic Chinese breakfast restaurant. I heard the soy milk is made freshly here. Ordered the salty rice roll (fried Chinese donut, shredded dried pork wrapped with sweet rice). It was very good. Also order the Taiwan style meat rice roll. It beats the frozen one I used buy from the supermarket. Very tasty. Too bad they didn't serve stinky tofu in the morning.  I've heard so much about this Taiwanese delicacy. Simple place, delicious food, friendly people. I shall be back next time I am in town.
I went Yi Mei Champion Taiwan Deli. So when i was there i ordered Taiwanese Gua Bao "Braised Pork Slice in a steamed bun". i waited for my food it has been 20 minutes. I thought that maybe there making it really nice and yummy. After waiting like a YEAR.........

IT FINALLY CAME!!! Then when i saw it. It had cling wrap all over it. And you can tell it was it microwaved. YUCK! Never coming back EVER!!! XP
This little Taiwanese place had the best Spicy Beef Noodle soup I've tried in Las Vegas.
This place is close to the strip and has amazing Taiwanese breakfast. 

They serve fresh unsweetened soy milk, and yummy rice ball. One would think deep-fried Chinese donuts would be good, right? But nope, they may be fried in old oil. Here, they have fresh oil! The deep-fried donuts are crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. 

Next time I am in Vegas, I will most def swing by for breakfast. 

Plus, for 2 people, my bill came out to be less than $12.
Been there few times and everytime its a disappointment. Most of the things were microwaved.
We went there on a Wednesday morning in a hurry. There was a lot of people in the restaurant. I think they were from a vacation tour. I was not very happy to see that they cater to large groups like that, because the limited time we have. 

It took awhile before we ordered, but the food came out quick. All the items we ordered were pre-made anyway. We ordered 2 hot soy milk, 2 youtiao(fried dough), 1 shaobing( baked sesame cake). The food was pretty good. I was disappointed that they don't offer the special anymore though.
I love all Taiwanese food, but especially taiwanese breakfast, so I was super psyched to find this place.  Here's what we ordered:

oyster pancake - bleh bleh bleh.  the sauce was was REALLY cinnamon-y, and not thick enough.  It really didn't taste like oh ah jian (forgive me, I don't know ping ying) at all.  Plus, it was 7 whopping bucks.

dan bing (egg pancake) - really eggy, but the bing wasn't crispy enough.  it's hard to mess up dan bing though.

salty soy milk (shian do jiang) - VERY tasty.  It's a small-ish bowl, but for 3 bucks, it's not bad.  Lots of vinegar and pork sung.  Would definitely order again.

pork chop rice - The pork chop was okay (but I'm not a huge fan of pork chop), but the seasoned pork and vegetable on the side (the zho zhau) was REALLY good. 

stewed pig ear and bean curd - this tasted pretty much like you would expect.  Decent flavor, though the bean curd was a bit on the salty side.

They have tons of other breakfast items that we didn't get a chance to try, but will update once we come back.  I would have given this place 4 stars if not for that horrid oyster pancake.  Plus, any place that serves decent taiwanese food in the middle of the desert is alright in my book! :)
...Food does not taste good, wait for a long time, I dont  want back again...
What a fun food find!!  Are there places like this in SoCal? If so where are they and why haven't I discovered them yet. 

It was cold and pouring rain outside. Errant summer storm in Las Vegas. I scurried in from the parking lot and it was so nice to have an order of freshly made soy milk plopped down in front of me. Odd that it was served in a big soup bowl but it was piping hot and fragrant and i didn't hesitate to try it. I added some sugar to it as directed by the waitress and drank it like soup with my fat Chinese spoon. Wonder why they don't serve it in a cup or mug? Oh well if this is how they do it in Taiwan then this is how I'll do it here. 

Choices, choices, so many choices. I had the worst time trying to decide what to order. Everything sounded so promising and fun. Yelp photos helped me settle on the spicy beef noodle soup but I added a twist and ordered the one that had tendons in it and I am glad I did.

Forget bone marrow it's all about tendons! I love the melt in your mouth texture. I googled tendon nutritional value and found that tendons are high in protein, collagen and are 99% fat free.  Choo chooo put me on the Tendon Train. Delicious.

I also had the temple meatball which was really flavorful and had a fantastic texture. Highly recommend that dish. The only dish I wasn't very fond of was the rice ball roll thing(sorry don't know names) I asked for something to go that was easy to eat while driving and the waitress recommended it. It was also something I saw a photo of on yelp and people seemed to enjoy it but I found it unhealthy tasting. Everything I ate up to that point tasted clean and healthy but this had fried components that made me feel bad about myself afterwards.

Bummer. I still give the place 5 stars for everything else.  I can't help it if my palate seems adverse to fried food. Others seem to enjoy the fried stuff just fine.
I love their spicy beef and tendon noodle soup. It comes in this bowl that looks small in circumference but is deep, so it's a lot of food. The noodles are cooked just right, beef could be a bit softer, but there's very little fat in it, and the broth is hot and spicy. There's only a few places I go in town to get my beef noodle fix, and this is on the top of my list. If you don't speak Mandarin or look Chinese, I find that they tend to make the soup less spicy because they don't think you can handle it, so ask the waitress to make the soup super spicy.

They have a wide variety of Taiwanese dishes, ranging from breakfast to lunch items. I haven't tried their breakfast, so I can't comment on it. But they do have the typical Taiwanese appetizers and dishes, such as pig's ear, oyster pancake, and pork chop rice. The only dish I'm not a fan of is the noodles with the spicy peanut sauce, only because it tastes like peanut butter and chili garlic sauce mixed together. 

Service is on the lackluster side, they like to assume that if you look Chinese, you must be able to speak Mandarin and nothing else (like Cantonese). If you want water, you have to go to the water dispenser to get some. There's usually only one waitress working, so if you don't want to wait to pay for your bill, it's better to just go up to the register and do it. Also, there's a minimum $10 order if you're using a debit or credit card. 

Overall, Yi Mei has some great Taiwanese food but their service could use some improvement.
Its hard to find authentic Taiwanese food back in Hawaii where I'm from, so I was excited to give this place a shot.  There are some other good places nearby, so if I ran into something repulsive, it would be ready to rebound.  I tried the spicy tendon and beef noodle soup since I long craved fort mama's homemade version.  Not quite as good as mom's, but it never is, an I right? All in all, not bad, in fact, above average.  Service is like most mom and pop joints, you enter to find a person you thought is a customer eating their food stand up and take our order.  This bothers people that aren't use to this.  I am a consumer that appreciate good food and not so much the service, especially if you understand cultural differences.  After all, I came to eat, not to make a new buddy.  I guess it comes with the territory since I seen it all, almost.
They barely recognized we were there.  If my mother in law was there it may of been of been easier. Lol.  It's traditional type of Taiwanese food joint so you have to know what you are ordering. My fianc had noodles and he said his mom's was a lot better.  I had stinky tofu, but they only had the deep fried one.  That seems to be the favorite dish.  I wanted to try the other style but they ran out.  I'll give it a shot next time, we will have to catch them in the morning versus the evening.
With our schedules often in conflict, my mom and I rarely get to eat meals together. Some planets aligned, call it fate, whatever. We finally had the opportunity to have a late Saturday lunch together, courtesy of this Taiwanese deli. Initially, we were going off of her dim sum craving, but decided to try something different. *cue my devious plan to suggest one of my many Yelp bookmarks*

After browsing the menu for a few minutes, we decided on the pork chop rice and the three cup chicken rice. Didn't take very long to get our food and man, their portions are HUGE. One of our entrees could've fed two or three people, so you should either come famished or bring a friend! We ended up splitting the crispy fried pork chop and taking the other entree home. Both dishes had their respective meats, some steamed or blanched vegetables, a large helping of rice, and a soy sauce egg. Mmm, did that meal hit the spot or what?

Service was courteous and friendly, but you may have to get your own napkins and water. If you're afraid of language barriers, it turns out some of them speak English, so no fear! My mom and I speak a lesser known dialect, but we managed with the Mandarin we knew. Also, you're probably better off bringing cash to pay the bill, but most Asian establishments are like that.

Definitely want to try their other offerings, especially their breakfast items and noodle soups.
Food is definitely mediocre.  The "service" or disservice is even worse.
The young "waitress" delivered the wrong food to our table.  I kindly told another waitress about it.  The young waitress rushed to our table and loudly accused me of wrongfully ordering the wrong food.  When she brought out the ordering slip to accuse me of my mistake, it showed I was right.  She quickly whisked away the wrong dish, without a hint of apology.
Came here for a quick breakfast before a day of skiing, and it was great that this place is open at 7am! (So that we could make it to the slopes by 9) Service was quick and the menu was pretty extensive.

We had an assortment of the standard Chinese breakfast fare (although there were a few menu items that were unavailable). The you tiao were alright, but I really liked their green onion pancake! Overall a great place to grab some authentic Chinese breakfast!
Four of us from the SF/LA area tried the Taiwanese breakfast at this hole-in-the-wall.

Recommend:  Spicy beef soup with tendon, Taiwan sweet spicy cabbage, tendon brisket tofu, beef sandwich.

Okay:  Green onion pancake with egg, salty rice roll (fan tuan), pot stickers.

Not so great:  Sweet soy milk (not at all sweet), Chinese donut (not crispy).
This place was highly recommended.  Overall pretty good

1. Spicy beef and tendon noodle soup was awesome love it.  the tendon was good, beef was tasty
2. Beef balls - terrible :) we did not like it at all 
3. Chicken in pork roll skin - very nice

Overall I would say if you know what to order it is really good.  The ambiance was great.
SPICY BEEF TENDON AND PORK CHOP WITH NOODLES

Pleasantly amazed by the portions and quality contents of both soups.  Pretty much takes the air away from the other Taiwanese noodle hot spot Hot Pot Noodles @ Spring Mountain Center.  

Excellent pricing, very good service and clean. Could stretch this review to a five star. Next visit might do it for them.  Right next door to 168 Market.
I came to Las Vegas for the CES 2013! This is the 4th year we are here! 5 star hotel buffets are always the best choice for us in the past 3 years! We went to something different this year and they are the best experience in my whole life! My two friends live in Taiwan and they went to this restaurant with me three times during the CES show! We order the lunch box two times! You can tell how much we love this restaurant! I am the restaurant owner in NY! I do know if you go to one restaurant and you see the owner there all the time! You can feel release and sure that you will get the best food just like cook from the owner's home kitchen! The meal is for the family members not just customer! I am sure I will fly to Vegas just for the food in Taiwan deli again this year!
Located at the corner of S. Jones and Spring Mountain near the 168 Market, this small humble eatery provides a comprehensive array of Taiwanese breakfast items that elicit childhood nostalgia for many 1st generation Taiwanese/Chinese folks and are definitely on the must-eat list for those of us second-generation folks who have been fortunate to have made a pilgrimmage back to Taiwan (or as I like to call it, Foodie Island).  

Soybean milk-  this is not the chalky stuff that you find in your supermarket that adds a nice dimension to your latte or cereal, this is enjoyed straight up either as a sweetened cold/hot beverage or in a savory form where a shot of vinegar and soy triggers a reaction so that the soymilk takes on a creamy custardization accented by little bits of green onion and pickled veggies.  For those with discernible palates, I've been informed by reputable sources that the soybean milk across the street at China Mama is superior.

Rice Ball (Fan Twan)- a classic item my parents used to grab on the go while heading to school, don't be fooled by the simple name.  This is steamed sticky rice enclosing a savory deep fried chinese doughnut and pork sung.  The ratio of the rice and filling is perfect and it's as classic a combination as pb and j.

Temple meatball (Ba Wan)-  not sure if there are any other places in town that offer this, and fortunately they make a wonderful version of this popular street food item.    Finely chopped mushrooms, bamboo, and stir-fried pork encased by a glutinous tapioca flour bun and bathed in a thick orange sweet savory sauce that has an additional note similar to cinnamon/star anise, this one will flood your head with umami and makes me think if boba and dim sum were to conceive a rockstar child, this would be it.

Spicy Beef Noodle soup-   Served piping hot and can easily feed 2 or more, the meat is impeccably braised and comes with garnishes of pickled mustard greens, cilantro, scallions, and bok choy.  Detractors might say it is on the oily side and is way spicy (in which case the version at Noodle Pot may be closer to your liking), otherwise this one punches you in the face and is not shy on flavor in the best way possible.

Leek Pancake- A deep-fried empanada filled with garlic chives, scrambled egg, tofu, and mung bean noodles, this is a tasty rendition if you really like garlic chives.

Items that have room for improvement include the savory chinese doughnuts (yiotiao) and the sesame bun (sao bing) which I found to be a tad bit on the dry side, and the hunk of pork in the pork bun (gua bao) is also a bit oversized and lacking unctuousness (Sheridan Su does a better rendition at Great Bao which is now Fat Choy).  Looking forward to trying the pork chop with rice, sweet tofu custard (do hua), and the lotus wrapped tamales (taiwanese and shanghainese varieties available) on future visits. 

Not sure if this is an outpost of Yi Mei Deli Co. in Rowland Heights, CA (the fonts on the food signs look similar), but if you're expecting the same level of quality, it may come up short since they set the bar extremely high, otherwise it's a great primer on Taiwanese cuisine for the uninitiated.  Unbelievable value for your wallet but don't forget cash if you're spending under $10 and they accept visa/mastercard but no amex.
I was surprised to see only 3.5 stars for this place after eating here. When you walk into a small taiwanese restaurant and you see taiwanese people eating there, you've gotta know something is up.

This place has all your standard taiwanese fare such as fan tuan (stick rice rolls with chinese donut and dried pork inside), oyster pancake (tad bit thick and consistency of the sauce wasn't as great), taiwanese beef noodle soup, green onion pancakes with egg, soy milk (sweet and salty) etc. etc.

Everything was spot on delicious, although the only dish i wouldn't "recommend" would be the oyster pancake. Although it was still good, it wasn't great by any means. The waitstaff was helpful and treated us well! I would definitely return here if I'm off the strip searching for some good ol fashioned taiwanese brunch!
Really cute and quaint deli! Beautiful service! Beef wraps delicious!
The service is good, speed is good, food is delish. Ordered: stinky tofu, quite good but a little pricy- wonton in hot chili oil, good but again expensive, chicken leg rice, good fair price.fan twan: good $3 OVERALL GOOD FOOD BUT A LITTLE ON THE EXPENSIVE SIDE also on weekends Theresa bunch of people so sometimes you'll have to wait for a seat.
Learned about this restaurant via yelp.  Decided to give it a try at their Taiwanese breakfast.  We ordered their soya bean juice (served hot in a big bowl) unsweetened, got some Chinese doughnuts for dunking, different Taiwanese pastries and steamed rice dumplings.  It was an interesting breakfast.  Wait staff needs to learn how to speak English.  It was a little difficult talking to the wait staff.  

It was just an OK breakfast.
The owner is nice, if you get alot of little things like the dim sum items it can get expensive pretty quick, I like the shaved ice here, for the hot summer vegas days. I haven't tried the main dishes. But I am sure they are good, everything I have tried so far was good. Shaved ice is my fav so far tho. Vegas is to hot to eat soup or hot dishes usually. Except in winter.
Giving this restaurant 1 star for the 4 stars that used to be and the negative 3 that is now.
This been our favorite whenever we wanted a good bowl of Taiwanese style noodle soup. Something had happened, went there on 6-2-13 for lunch at 11:30am. The place was packed as usual. The waitress twice tried to put 3 of  us at a table that was barely big enough for 2. She was displeased when I refused and told her that we did not mind waiting.
I ordered beef noodle soup WITHOUT  green onion (I cannot eat it), of course it came with green onion. After scooped out most of it, found the beef was tough and the broth was salty. Ate less than half of my bowl, my first time of not finishing my food here.
As a lover of family run and hole in wall type of restaurants, never set high expectation for great service, but got to be at an acceptable level. This place always has spotty service, but was never this bad.
The place was almost empty when we left (12:30pm), very unusual for this place on a Sunday noon. May be other patrons also voted with their feet and went somewhere else. We sure will try out the other Taiwanese restaurant in the same shopping center.
They have very interesting menu items that I have not seen in Hawaii so had to try.

First off was Duck Tongue, which was the best dish we had.  Had that 5 spice taste but was very mild, which I liked.  It was served cold , tender meat but watch out for the cartilage.  Next was the Stinky Fried Tofu.   It was OK and it does smell like an old sock.  Next "Spicy" Beef Noodle, I put the quotes because it was not spicy at all.  Noodles had a nice chew to it, nice beefy flavor from the soup,  big chunks of beef and tendon.  Overall it was a nice dish but wanted it SPICY.  Lastly we had the Shiao Long Bao.  First time eating it so have no reference point.  It's OK, wish the dipping sauce had a little more vinegar to it.

Not sure if our next Vegas trip we'll go here again.  If we did I'd definitely order the duck tongue again and probably try other item.
I had a craving for some Taiwanese food and after checking yelp Yi Mei Champion Deli came up. It's a small funky restaurant with a very confusing ordering and table service system. There is a counter with a menu board but, there is a full menu with table service. After figuring it out, we ordered the beef noodle soup, fried stinky tofu, and squid pottage. 

The sticky tofu was good, nice portions and came out hot tasty.

The Squid Pottage was OK, the soup was authentic tasting but the squid was kinda weird in texture.

The beef noodle soup was not very good at all. It lacked the spicy bean paste flavor and was watery salty soy sauce based. The noodles were OK. We didn't mind it being spicy but warning to people who don't like spicy food the regular beef noodle soup is very spicy.

Service was good. Plenty of Parking.
The new chef from Taiwan serves from 6pm-2am is awesome and makes authentic basil chicken which is a MUST!! The ginger/vinegar intestines ans Taiwan style rice noodles are the best among the restaurants in town.
Its the infamous Champion Deli! Legit Taiwanese food in Vegas!

Alot is good, the owner is nice... Every time i come here, I over order. Its worth it :)
I come here for the Spicy Beef Noodle Soup. It's flavor is fairly close to a famous place that has been around for ages in Ximen, Taipei.  Visually, the soup looks thin, but all the flavor is there.  There are veggies (baby bok choy) and healthy chunks of flavorful meat and tendon in the bowl. I usually get it without the shredded pickles, since I'm not a fan of pickles.

All the other food that I've tried is ok to good.  But if I'm coming here, it's for that Spicy Beef Noodle Soup.
My wife's father is a Taiwanese chef and I am a native from Taiwan. 
Her mother had told her about this place so we decided to go check it out.
The food and the drinks were very authentic and made me feel as if I was in Taiwan getting breakfast.

We ordered soymilk, mi jian, and milk tea. The flavor was very nice and very authentic.
We ordered egg pancake with yo tiao, the dish was very big, we thought it was going to be small so we ordered two of them and we could not finish because they were so big! The egg pancake was cooked very nice and with the yo tiao it was very delicious.

Next we ordered fa tuan, the rice was sticky and cooked well, and nicely flavor.
The service was excellent, she made me feel like I was at home.

The next time we come here we will definitely try out their lunch and xiao long bao since last time, their xiao long bao was sold out!

Very authentic, good service, and delicious, oh and also cheap!
they serve real "Taiwanese" foods.
Kinda pricey - almost $40 (whaaaattt) for Taiwanese breakfast .  i was feeling crappy and wanted some comfort food. 2 older ladies were nice and auntie-like (you asians know what i mean). she handed us paper breakfast menus, i asked if they had food other than breakfast (it was 9:30am), she went and got the regular menu and said noodles were available and recomemded the taiwanese beef noodle soup.

1. beef roll: not good, the bing was dry, the beef was so-so
2. beef noodle soup: really good, large chunks of beef and beef tendon, delicious homestyle noodles. main reason this place was 1star more than a "meh ive had better"
3. soybean milk: hot or cold, served in a bowl like it should be, so-so, not worth the price tag
4. xiao long bao: surprisingly good, lots of soup, meat filling was flavorful
5. cold pig ear appetizer: sold per little clear container (like if you were to buy macaroni salad at a deli) and pretty good, pricey but this dish always is.
6. chive he-zi (turnover/pocket): meh

next time id just come and share a bowl of the beef noodle soup... and use the money i saved to try other delicious things in the area
The food was mediocre compared to the Taiwanese type food I have at home. Mostly the same dishes but different flavor... I will not come back here.
Pretty good Taiwanese food. We ordered a bunch of dishes to share- taiwanese oxtail noodle soup, beef rolls, pancake, rice roll, pork and rice, and soup dumplings. Be prepared for some spiciness because the oxtail noodle soup was spicy. It was a little pricey compared to the Taiwanese deli here in California. I thought the soup dumplings were just okay... not enough soup in them and kind of dried out.
Came here on a friend's recommendation and the food is delicious and fresh. He gave us a list of things to order, and they all sounded super delish. The server lady made us feel right at home; our conversation went something like this:

Husband: Can we get a beef noodle-
Lady: No! Breakfast only! 
Husband: No? You don't have the noodle soup for breakfast?
Lady: No! No noodle until 9:00. Breakfast only! 
Husband: Okaaaay...then can we get the breakfast special? 
Lady: No! No breakfast special! 
Husband: ....egg omelette? 
Lady: What?! What number? This one? (Pointing vigorously at the menu)
Husband: uh, yeah. And the leek pancake, please.
Lady: What?!
Husband: (pointing at the menu) this one.
Lady: ok. Anything else?
Husband: the sweet soy drink, please.
Lady: What?!

...you get the idea. The service was...authentic. I felt right at home :)

The food was great. Flavorful and fresh. We also ordered the pan fried pork pot stickers and a beef sandwich (which was a lot of food, btw...don't order that much unless you are planning to save some for later). Everything was great.
After 6 days of road trip with Continental and American breakfast, This place is like a breath of fresh air! The beef noodle soup is bit spicy, noodle is too soft for my taste. But everything else is right on. Normally, I would give it a 3 star but judging from the circumstance and it's Vegas, I gave it a 4.
Service: very quick - we ordered our breakfast and it came in less than 5 minutes even when it was a rush hour
Hospitality: family like environment
Food:delicious Taiwanese style breakfast
 Cost: decent less than 15 dollars
Overall: will come back for more but out of the things I ordered I would not order oyster omelet ... It's a little too sweet for my taste. The rest: saltly soybean and egg wrap is very good ... I would recommend it
Sure, I love their one-of-a-kind salty soy milk and egg-wrapped fried bread, but what struck me are the values that the deli owners & employees strive to uphold. A sign in Chinese read the following: 

"However frustrated you are, don't forget to smile.
However impatient you are, don't forget to be polite.
However difficult, don't forget to persevere.
However tired you are, don't forget to take care of yourself."

Restaurants often deliver great food, but never have I been to one that has also delivered words of wisdom. Thanks for the reminder, Yi Mei Deli!
They overcharge big time for the oyster omelette and skimped on the ingredient. I counted two partial slivers of very stale oysters, which left a really bad taste at $8-9 a dish. I also ordered a fried chicken rice plate, which was probably the most dry, flavorless fried chicken steak I've ever had.
One of the best Taiwanese places I've been in a long time in the U.S.  

So many food choices and big portions for the price. 

Gosh, what haven't I had the one time we had 'brunch' here.  We tried the beef noodle soup with beef and tendon.  The flavor is great, a little saltier than I'd like my beef noodle soup....  the noodles seems like home made but a little over cooked but overall it's delicious and reminds me of home.  We got the rice ball with Chinese fried dough and this is a lot bigger than the ones you get in Taiwan.  It's definitely American sized. 

We had the salty soy milk, one of my favorite things.  Just like home.  We got the sesame pocket with beef w pickled vegetable or I think they called it the beef roll.... amazing.  Spicy marinated meat with tendon is delicious and just enough spicy.  We also had some milk tea...  

Everything is delicious even though the lady might be slightly sassy and snappy....  she also reminds me of home...  :)  I was able to chat up with the owner grandpa, he was super sweet and when he found out I'm also Taiwanese with ancestors from Shandong he was super friendly and the conversation just flowed. 

I will for sure come back to this place when I visit Vegas again.  So tasty.
One of the very few asian breakfast places in town.

Serving a variety of items of not only breakfast, but lunch and other in-store made items as well. 

Things to try are their fresh hot soy milk and yao tiao (chinese... donut?). Two chinese staples for breakfast. Other things are like oyster omelettes, fan tuan (taiwanese style rice ball with pork sung - salty), etc. 

As said before, not only breakfast, but lunch items as well. my favorite is their spicy beef noodle soup (niao rou mian). though not as spicy as i wanted, but still pretty good. HUGE portion (beware!) so if you are a small eater, may consider sharing with another !
I love radish cake with egg, and they do not disappoint here. Beautifully crunchy on the outside, wonderfully creamy on the inside... goes well with some hot soy milk, sweetened with table sugar.  Also recommend their champion rice roll with spicy pickles. It's not too hot, just sour crunch with heat tempered with sweet pork fung.
Hands down the best Taiwanese deep fried pork chop I've ever had. The pork chop was huge, tender, not greasy or overly breaded. I finished the entire plate, was stuffed and was still gnawing on the bone like a caveman afterwards. The minced pork and egg over the rice was fantastic. One thing that was lacking entirely however  is the pickled veggies. My wife ordered the spicy beef noodle soup. Also tasty and tender. Her only complaint was that they cut all the noodles so they're pretty short. The steamed dumplings were good however I wished there was more hot broth inside of it. Overall we were very impressed. This will be our go to lunch spot on all our Vegas trips from now on.
Customer Beware, check your receipt before u pay. False and misleading prices on the menu. They charge more without updating their menu. Once got caught, they didnt apologize for the mistake, instead they argue with me on how they have been charging the new prices for a long time. (ya, thanks for letting me know that I've been overcharged all these yrs!) will never go back again!
Do NOT eat here!  The worst service ever!  Priced way too high for the under par food and depressing interior, then ask you to pay even higher $, after they admitted that so called higher new prices, were not updated on the same 4+ copies of the not so old looking menus out on our 10-people table (which was not cleaned/properly cleaned before the smileless and quite rude waitress motioned my hb and I to sit!)

Avoid the cold cuts appetizers here, it's served in tacky small plastic containers, with room for more of the questionable unfresh food with the price they charge!

$3.99 2 3$5.25$4.99
Authentic Taiwanese food. Every bite feels like it was made by mom (hopefully your mom was a great cook). My friend's mom, who is Taiwanese, buys in bulk here and takes it back to her state!

Location: Chinatown, plenty of parking in the plaza

Ambiance: Mom and Pop. Friendly owner and chef! Good for groups/family. 

Food: 
1. Spicy beef noodle soup -- 5 stars 
They make their own noodles and the consistency is chewy and soft. These noodles soak up the soup without losing their texture. 
2. Scallion pancake -- 5 stars
Not doughy at all! Crispy!
3. Tea eggs -- 4 stars
Take it to go and eat it the next day for breakfast!
4. Soup dumplings -- 4 stars
The wrapper is a bit thick. The pork and veggie filling is tasty!

Price: For all this food, we had plenty of left overs for 2. About $13/person. 

I don't think they have an alcohol license, but if you ask them politely they are open to BYOB.
It's average taiwanese food, but for Vegas standards, it really pretty good.  I had the stinky tofu (not stinky at all), beef stew noodle soup, and oyster egg pancake.  The stinky tofu tastied just like regular fried tofu.  The beef stew noodle soup was delicious, probably the best seller in the store, the oyster egg pancake smelled fishy, not recommended.  

But they also serve soy milk, with pastry, so if you're craving that it's probably a dependable place to go to.
The service was friendly, the food was OK, but if you were missing asian breakfast, it's the place to go.
Ask a Chinese person to take you here...your experience depends on it. No one speaks English...and no one will try to understand you if you don't speak Chinese. 
My first experience here was great, I came with a fellow yelper, Mike C. and had him order everything. My order came out and everything fine.

My second visit was a desperate one. I originally stopped by Asian BBQ and noodles but they're closed on Fridays :( So...I decided to drive across the street. 

I ordered the beef noodle soup and asked if they could add wontons in it...weird I know but I was craving both. First they brought out a bowl of wontons in beef broth which is understandable and forgivable because of the language barrier. They took it back...added the beef and the noodles...everything looked great until I started eating. The wontons were falling apart as soon as I tried picking them up with my chopsticks. I was starving so I ignored this and continued eating until I bit into one of the wontons and realized that it was still pink...undercooked. Gross...-_-

The service here is non existent...
They have a water cooler and Styrofoam cups if you need water... Feel free to walk up and get it yourself. Same goes for napkins. 

This experience was probably an extreme of how bad a meal could go wrong here...but I will not be back. This decision was made after considering that the first visit was decent. There are just too many better options in the area.
I was really craving for Chinese breakfast and would really want to find somewhere with soy milk and you tiao.  The only place I can find thru Yelp is Yi Mei.  However, 3.5 stars makes me skeptical if I should check out this place.  I was really lucky to give it a try! I love the you tiao wrapped in egg and the beef noodle is yummy too! Everything is great, thou service can be improved...
I'd like to come here for breakfast once in a while. I speak fluently in Chinese, so there wouldn't be any language barrier. The service used to be ok, since the owner who is a really nice Taiwanese lady served me couple time.
However, this time when I went there was HORRIBLE! The first second I walked into the restaurant, there was another Taiwanese elderly lady standing behind the cashier. She was staring at me without any welcoming smile when I was walking to her. When I was standing right in front of her, she didn't greet with me and kinda waiting for me to greet with her. And she gave me a really irritating face! Then she lift up her chin a little bit and blinked in the most annoying way I've ever seen. Ok, I ignored that. Then I told her what I wanted to order for to-go. Then, there's another young male customer came to the cashier and asked for a check. She gave him a very bright smile and called him "handsome boy" in Chinese and finished his transaction before me. Really! The guy came after me!!!!! 
Ok, I ignored that too. When she handled me my food, she said "shiiiit!" In English. She said it really loud. I didn't really know if she was saying that to me or for something else, but it's still rude to curse in front of a customer.
She is definitely the rudest and the most miserable person I've ever met in my entire life. I didn't do anything or showed any disrespect to her from the very beginning to the end. I even said "thank you" after all of this.
Btw, last time me and my bf were there for breakfast, they undercooked the wonton. And it smelled wired. 
I will NEVER put my feet in this restaurant, and I don't recommend this place to any of you. If you love your life, stay away from this place!!!!
Listen, you want traditional, authentic taiwanese breakfast, you go to YiMei. 
Had the you tiao and warm doujiang, along with the egg pankace. Delicious. 
The laobanniang was friendly and helpful.  service was great. 
Felt like I was back in China.
Highly recommend it.

p.s. I am a "whitie", fluent in Mandarin Chinese. That helped.
I was so excited to spot this place on my trip in Vegas and entered hoping for some authentic Taiwanese breakfast. The food was cheap and the servers very polite. I had a fantuan with a bowl of rice drink (mijian). The portions were rather small and the taste underwhelming.
Get your $$ worth here! Big portions!! Homemade noodles were chewy just the way we like it. Chinese donuts were on steroids! Beef noodle soup great tasting spice to it with a little kick. Pork chops were light, crispy & fried perfectly. XLB dumplings didn't have any soup/broth in it but the filling was still flavorful. Even though there was a language barrier we still had great service here.
Worse service ever!! The waitress sent the wrong food and drinks even we had been waiting for 2 hrs for our order. After all the long waiting, of course we had to wait for the check, wait to pay, the waitress told us we supposedly to pay 18% of tips! WTF! Won't visit this restaurant ever again!
Found this cozy little noodle shop while walking around looking for a decent (tasty but not too pricey) in this Chinatown plaza. I am a sucker for a good beef noodle soup, especially with thick chewy noodles, so that's three stars straight up ;) The noodles are hand-pulled and as a result are super long (think Rapunzel's hair) - like the whole bowl consists of about four noodle strands - and cooked just a little overdone, as they're a tad on the soggy side. But the broth is delicious, if a bit salty, with a generous helping of green onion and tender greens.

Then, we found out you could order more portions of noodles to put into your bowl for just $1 more. So good and so filling! My sister and I ate three portions and nearly had to be rolled out of the place. What a steal.

We also ordered their pork chop noodle soup - their regular thin noodles are just okay, also kind of soft - as well as pork chop rice and pig ears. All were tasty, with good breading on the pork chops, but definitely on the salty side. I drank copious amounts of water but had to flag down the waiters even when there was just one other group in the place. But it was almost 3pm when I was there so the older grandpas and grandmas that cook here were sitting down for a meal, but they jumped up when they found out we girls could eat. ha.

I'm definitely coming back here when I want a change from the buffets next time I'm in Vegas. They also offer free wifi but you have to ask for the password... and open till midnight every day and 2am on weekends? NICE. Noodles for all!
I love noodles, and I am always looking for good noodle shops around town. Noodle Pot is definitely one of them. My favorite dish is the Beef Noodle Soup, and adding seaweed to the soup makes it even more delicious!
This review is based sole on their beef noodle soup. I'm comparing their beef noodle soup to Din Tai Fung's in Arcadia (which is the best beef noodle soup I've ever had, thus far). 

So, I've been to this place totaling 4 times now. I can say that their consistency of the Beef Noodle soup is a little off each time. The very first time, I was in love with it and then lately, it's seems like there's at least something missing. Even so, I still enjoy going here for their chewy noodles. Their portions are fairly huge and cheap too. 

Beef Noodle Soup: Soup tasted fine and the noodles are chewy but the beef was tough.

I give it a 3 1/2 star for the lack of consistency.

Service is a 4, the server girl is attentive and friendly.
This place is so tiny I almost forgot to yelp about it!  Yep, definitely a hole-in-the-wall, and a pretty good darn one at that!  I've only been here once while I was on my way to a performance, and I was a little skeptical.  The restaurants in Chinatown aren't the best, and there have been about three restaurants before this one in the same location.  But, Noodle Pot proved me wrong.

I only tried their beef noodle soup since it was recommended to me; it's a decent bowl of soup.  The portion is large for a really cheap price.  The beef is super tender.  They pretty much fall apart when you bite into it.  Also, the noodles are hand made.  Hand made noodles in Vegas?  I've never had hand made noodles, so I don't know what the standard is, but these noodles are wide and flat.  The edges are sort of splayed, so it looks like it was just pulled or something like that.  The edges are soft and when you bite, the experience is like eating al dente pasta.  It's a little crunchy in the middle.  

The soup is standard beef noodle soup.  I like Champion's more because the base has a little more taste (salt) but the hand made noodles is probably the thing that's going to bring me back.

Make sure when you come here that you speak Mandarin/Taiwanese.  The place is owned by a couple that doesn't understand English, and the waitresses (who are their daughters, I think) speak a sort of broken English.  I definitely think it would've been easier for me to order if I spoke Mandarin, but the whole finger pointing works too.
I am always in search of a restaurant that serves really good beef noodle soups.  So I was excited to see the interior of this restaurant being put together a few months ago.

I finally came here with another Yelper for dinner and to give their food a try. The restaurant was not busy at all (I was the only in there while I waited for my friend), so service was quick when we placed our order.

I ordered the Beef Noodle with wide noodles $7.99.  The flavor was good,the noodles were chewy the way I like it, but the beef could have been braised longer.  I think China Mama and even Ay-Chung Noodle has better Beef Noodle Soup, so I will likely try something else here in the future.

My friend tried the Babo Mian, which he said was good.  $6.99

We also ordered an appetizer that was on one of the papers taped to the wall. The chicken was good, just a little pricey for the portion.

Overall, I thought the restaurant was decent.  The food was adequate. Price was alright.   WiFi is free, but there is no place to plug in your laptop.

Decor: 3/5  Nothing special.  Just a fast food restaurant kind of furniture and decorations.
Food: 3/5  Okay, but definitely room for improvement.
Service: 4/5  Efficient.
Location:  4/5  In China Town.  Close enough for the tourists staying on the Strip, and locals wanting to eat at a restaurant on Spring Mtn.

Cash only, which my friend said was the reason why he didn't dine here sooner, as he didn't have cash when he initially came here.  I know it is a business decision to process credit cards payments, but it seems that it is a small business expense to cover to not lose potential businesses from those intending to pay with debit/credit cards.
My new Vegas favorite Beef Noodle Soup local - 4 1/2 stars. After driving in from LA I was in need of some comfort food. Noodle Pot is difficult to find and is located in the China Town plaza - south west corner. 

The Taiwanese restaurant is small and the kitchen is tiny too. My waitress barely spoke little English but you can just mark the order sheet and she'll process your request. I went with the positive reviews on Yelp and picked the $6.99 Beef noodle soup, flat noodle beef soup is $7.99. 

Overall result - AWESOME - generous amounts of beef, Taiwanese lettuce & tendon. The broth had the best tasting flavor and I savored every drop of the broth and the noodles were cooked perfectly. See it: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5Lcit9Zt6TF9bmKoFMhF0g?select=aHzdQqU-WJw-6xO3C6vsxg 

The place is super clean and I'm looking forward to trying some other food here!
Yum, all I can say is YUM. Finally a small mom and pop store that sells authentic chinese noodles that actually taste good!

We ordered:
1) Beef Stew Soup Noodle (lamian)- wide noodles. Its a hearty, rich soup. Noodles are perfectly cooked, light and chewy goodness! Remember good korean & chinese noodles should have a bite, not soggy or too soft!

2) Pork Chop Rice- the pork was not greasy at all, the ran out of rice so they gave up a bowl of vegetable broth with bok choy and regular noodles. The broth was very very light & had a slight hint of an onion taste!

3) Zha Jian (lamian)- wide noodles. Its the orginal version of a korean chachang myeun. Sooo refreshing with the cucumbers lbean sprouts! This was my fav!

4) Boiled Dumpling (chives)- mmmm tastes like my mom's homemade dumpling. Chives & shrimp chunks. 

5) Meat cold dish combination- marinated tripe, pork, tendon. The sauce they used has a nice, slight spiciness to compliment the meats.

Overall, my bf, friends and I would definitely come back here. We can't believe this place opened up last november. Also, you know they use real ingredients & not msg when you walk out without being thirsty :) 

I've always been a supporter of mom and pop stores & this store deserves an A+!!!
Thumbs up for the hand cut noodle.  Their regular noodle is also very good compare to all the other noodle soup places.  Their menu is not big but made me want to try everything on it.  The place is almost like an hole in the wall Chinese place.  It's small, simple and comfortable for  a noodle shop.  It's more in the northern Chinese food category compare to all the other cantonese places.  

Beef noodle soup:  I love the texture of the noodle.  Beef cubes are tasty and tender (traditional way to make beef in Northern China).  I love the cabbage and the other veggies in it.  The only thing I don't like is that the broth is salty.  

I will go back and try their other dishes such as dan dan noodle, Ja jiang mien, dumplings and so on.
YES YES YES YES!
I hit the spot today. Went into the Chinatown Mall in Las Vegas today since it's a must visit place when your Chinese (well, this applies to any city). We were craving for some good Taiwanese food (something a little better than Tea Planet). This place hit the spot as we walked in. 

It was very similar to Taiwan's family owned shops. You walk in and the menu is on the wall on top of the cashier. Order first, then choose the empty table that you want to sit at. As stated before, the place is a family owned restaurant. The lady behind the cashier seems to be a relative of the cooks in the kitchen. 

Anyways, as we are waiting for the food... I observed the family owned business. They were super nice to all the customers. But one thing that strucked us was the Taiwanese spoken by the girl behind the counter. She had some funny mandarin mixed with broken Taiwanese. We were speaking to her in Taiwanese and correcting her as she goes. She wasn't mad at us or anything, but it made the wait time seem short. 

Food on the other hand was excellent. I love the beef noodle soup! It was very close to what you can get in Taiwan. Broth was definitely tasty and the meat was juicy and tender. Noodles were thick and flat! Oh, and unlimited supply of preserved veges for the beef noodle soup! One more thing, try their dumplings and their cold dishes. Those hit the spot too. In fact, it was so good that I craved to go back for the next 5 days while I worked in Vegas. 

They open til 2am on couple days of the week. 
Go! you don't be disappointed!
Man oh man you have to love a spot like Noodle Pot.  Small, family run place in the 99 Ranch plaza serving awesome noodles and dumplings at reasonable prices with great service.  They refilled my water like 5 times when I was there (very dry tonight).  

Went with a group and we shared the following:

1) Dry noodle dish ja jiang mein - their noodles are really great.  I'm not sure if the version we had was with the hand cut noodles but whatever it was it was great.  Noodles were nice and tender with just a little bit of a bite still to them.  
2) One order of chive dumpings, one order of napa cabbage dumplings - yum.  Nice pork dumplings with your choice of veggies.  Meat was nice and flavorful.  Served with a soy sauce based sauce that was nice as well.  
3) Soup dumplings  - delicious

Wish I could go into more detail but my knowledge of asian cooking techniques isn't really on par with my knowledge of Western cooking.  But everything was really delicious.  I will definitely be going back again and again.  My new favorite restaurant in Chinatown Las Vegas.
This reminds me of a spot I ate at in Beijing called "Hao Chi Bu Gui"  which means Good and Cheap!

Basically it's good home cooking that won't break the bank -   Dumplings, soup dumplings, noodle soups, cold dishes, etc. 

I'll warn u - if you have an MSG intolerance then stay away.  But MSG and cheap Chinese food are like peas and carrots.  Live a little wrong and get multiple refills of H20.

The dumplings were very good - not dry on the inside and had a nice moistness.  The soup dumpling aren't like China Mama or the "Xiao Long Bao" as you all know.  It's basically 8 big dumplings in a bowl of soup which definitely had the most MSG kick to it. 

Last, the service was great.  We were asked how our food was multiple times.   The waitresses even made conversation with us -  This was probably because the mother/daughter team wanted to tag-team my Taiwanese friend - HoCash.   Nevertheless the food and service were awesome which is why I'll be back and i encourage Yelpers to check this place out.


*EDIT* 

the last 3-4 times i've been here the beef roll has really dissapointed.  they have been undercooking it and the roll is not crisp.  It's china town so ask with caution but u may wanna ask them to crisp it up b/c it s definitely better this way.  

the boiled dumplings are always yummy
A-ok spot for some beef noodle soup. I didn't like that the soup had all sorts of beef floaties in it. Shoulda dump that pot of water after all the floaties come out of the beef 10 minutes into boiling it. 

Service was quick and fast. No complaints.
This place is wicked!  I love their soup.  The look of the place can definitely push you away if you expect something Panda Express.  The place is clean but, is a hole in the wall that just has good food!  I've ordered both the wonton and beef soup with thin noodles.  You have a choice of thin or wide noodles.  I also believe the noodles are home made!  I've also tried the breaded pork over rice.  Super good!  If you're down for some home made style soup I would say this is the best place in town.  I would give this place 5 stars if the interior was a little nicer and if they took credit cards.  Cash only =(
Food was mediocre at best.  Plus they tried to over charge me.  Look at your bill carefully.
So far, my favorite noodle soup place in all of LV.  You get a choice between their thin noodles and thick noodles.  Never had the thick ones, but they look OK.  The thin noodles aren't like egg noodles or anything - it's more like udon thickness if I have to describe it.
 
I've had the beef noodle soup a few times and its pretty consistent.  The broth, although dark, is not very salty (the times that I've had it anyway) and had a good flavor.  The beef is very tender and melts in your mouth.   I've also tried their wonton soup, which is good, but pales in comparison to the beef noodle soup.  I wish they had siracha there - it would make my soup complete (but that's just my personal taste).
 
If you're in the mood for rice, don't hesitate to try to the pork chop over rice.  A breaded pork chop and it comes with some minced pork over the rice.  Very good!  I like to take the extra beef from my soup and eat it with the rice.
 
The place itself is pretty modest.  Nice service and normally quick, although last time we were here they forgot to give me my side of rice until the end of my meal when it was already pointless.  But I like the food so that's what keeps me coming back!
 
My only gripe is that they take cash only (which is inconvenient for a person that doesn't carry cash!).  Instead of going to an ATM, just walk over to the Ranch 99, buy something small, and get some cash back. 
 
Anyway, a solid noodle spot.  I can't wait to take my dad, who is a beef noodle soup fanatic, here one day
It's this little hole in the wall in Vegas Chinatown, on the other side of the plaza from the Ranch 99 and next to the mini mall. Sort of a Taiwanese styled place so their food is prepared accordingly.   

Their specialty beef noodle soup($7.50) here is really ridiculously good, on par if not better than the ones you'd find in LA. It's a perfect cure for whatever Vegas-induced ailments you may have come down with lol. 

Cash only! But it's Vegas, you have cash, right? lol
Its a Taiwanese noodle shop.  Pretty decent dumplings and pretty good wonton noodle soup.

Its similar to A&J's in Irvine.  

Not much to say.  The food was ok.  Service was alright.  Its about 10 bucks a person including tip.
Vegas lacks a really good taiwanese noodle shop.   Been going to this place lately for beef noodle soup.  Pretty descent broth and noodle.  I wish the appetizers were better.
I was getting tired of the buffets on the strip, so we taxied out to Chinatown and found this little Taiwanese noodle restaurant. This ended up being my favorite meal in Vegas. The food here was better than any of the buffets on the Strip, IMHO! 

Recommended Dishes:
- Beef Noodle Soup
- Marinated Cucumbers
- Beef Wrap (this was delicious! must get!)

The interior is like a little noodle joint, so don't expect anything nice and fancy. But the food is vurr good. A good break from stuffing your face with candied apples and seafood from buffets.
Every time we go to Vegas, we always buy pastries and buns from Diamond Bakery.  Right next door is Noodle Pot, and I always peek in and want to try.  But I always had a full stomach.  This time, I finally got to try it!  Yaaayy!!!

Right off the plane (red eye flight), grougy, tired, and hungry, we had to kill time before picked up Aunty and Uncle and check into our hotel.  So we bought our buns from Diamond and waited till this place opened at 10am.  

So we had the following:

Stewed Beef Soup Noodle - The beef noodle hit the spot!  Wow!  The taste is just so warm and satisfing.  The noodles are cooked just right - a little chewy and not over done.  Soup has flavor like I remember from Taiwan.  Also, has a little sour cabbage for  some BANG!

Beef Wrap - Almost like Peking Duck, but wrapped in a tortilla and uses beef instead.  It has the tortilla wrap, hoi sin sauce, egg, thin slices of beef, green onions, and chinese parsley.  We ordered this on the recommendations of yelpers.  Thought it was not bad, but nothing special.

Spicy Shrimp Won Tons - This was ok.  Imagine the shrimp won tons you get in won ton mein. Take out the noodles and the broth.  Put it on a bed of vegtables (bak choy) with oyster sauce and chilli sauce.  That's basically it.  Since I make won tons at home, this dish didn't raise my eyebrows.

Later in the trip, we came here again Aunty and Uncle.  We had to share our latest find, since last time in Vegas I took them to eat Taiwanese food, I failed.  If I failed this time, I would have to treat Uncle to our next trip to Vegas.  This time we ordered the following:

Stewed Beef Soup Noodle - A little spicier than last time, but since I can handle spicy, it was still really good!

Beef Wrap - Aunty and Uncle liked our leftovers when we picked them up after the first day, so we ordered it again.

Steamed Dumplings with Nappa Cabbage - I love dumplings!  Really good size, filling is really good!  Texture is not mushy, so yummy!  Put their homemade chilli sauce on the table, and tastes even better!

Steamed Shrimp Dumplings - I love more dumplings!  Inside has shrimp and chives, and other things that make it tase delicous!  Cooked to perfection.  Did I say I love dumplings?

So how did I do with Aunty and Uncle?  Let's say, that Uncle should pay for my trip back to Vegas!  Too bad I didn't make that bet with him!  I think they'll be back!
Good Chinese comfort food spot!  Since the end of Ay-Chung Cafe....this place has the best beef noodle soup that I can find AND they have hand made noodles you can request for an extra $1.  Next to the beef noodle soup...you MUST TRY the Taiwanese beef roll/wrap....nice crispy flour pancake with hoisin flavored beef, cilantro, and some other goodies....I didn't get a chance to dissect this dish since I gobbled it up as soon as it hit the table.  

Minus one star since they sometimes run out of certain menu items. The minced pork over rice is also a little skimpy on the meat side, but I'm a hardcore carnivore....also a little heads up....this is another CASH ONLY establishment
The restaurant is really tiny and more of a cafe. The beef stew noodle is so perfect. Not too salty. Just enough beef, bok choy, and handmade noodles to satisfy any appetite. The pork chop noodle was also very good. It is a milder soup but the saltiness of the pork chop helps to balance it. The house-made chili gives everything the perfect kick and the burn pleasantly creeps up on you. The wontons in red sauce are also spectacular. I believe the red sauce has a vinegar base with hints of sweet and spicy. The restaurant is the perfect place to go during the winter.
The service is off in a funny/cute way here...i asked the girl to recommend some non-meat noodle offerings and she recommended the beef noodle soup...hahaha... I gave in and said ok just easy on the meat.

Great deal for $8.
Decent beef noodle soup, with just the right amount of spiciness.  However, service was unorganized and orders got mixed up.  One of our orders never came out and we had to remind the waitress that we were expecting another dish.  Prices are good though if you're looking for an inexpensive restaurant off the strip.
Slurpy Slurpy.  I must say I passed by this place weekly or monthly and never ventured in until today with the wife. Must say, it was a great experience!

We were reading some of the Yelpers reviews and gave it a shot! We wanted some beef noodles.

1.  The noodles - What the heck?  They did not buy this stuff from the store did they?  I found that the noodles here were white noodles , but slightly larger than the norm. The texture was awesome and the taste was literally a leap year from the regular noodles I have tried.

2.  Tenderloin Beef Noodle Soup - So delicate, tasty beef. Just the write cut of beef with a bit of tender fat and melt in your mouth beef.  The soup was very nice, subtle hints of the green onion and parsley gave it a very distinct flavor. This is what the wife ordered, but I kept on stealing a bit to give it a taste.

3.  Beef Stew Noodle Soup.  I love chinese style beef stew and this meat was the perfect balance of spice, taste, texture and delicacy. Would the word buttery be best to use?  This soup is slightly spicy, with a darker more salty flavor.  This is the first time I have drank the entire bowl of soup after the noodles and meat were finished off.  That is how good this soup was.

They have other items I haven't tried. The menu is a slip of paper with the items on it and you mark it off just similar to a sushi order sheet.  You kinda have to know what the noodles are and the other dishes are, or look at the pictures in the window.

I am coming back with the kids to try many more things, the dumplings, the fried noodles and etc.

GK says, check this place OUT!!!
On several different occasions that I have been here, grown Chinese businessmen will walk in and order the beef noodle soup. When in China, do as the chinaman does. 

Come here for their spicy wontons, and their beef noodle soup. They have a very delicate and carefully simmered broth that is packed with enough flavor to blow up everyone's mouth. I have been here about three times. Their wontons are different shapes every time, some times big and some times not. 

Always wait for the uncle to be around to order your beef noodle soup because he tops the soup noodles with all of the extras just right and food tastes better with him around. His wife just doesn't do it as well as him, although the broth is the same, but inconsistency after excellency cannot be tolerated. 

Am I coming back? Of course! I'll be waiting for the uncle.

Side note: if you order their fruit tea, order a glass of water to dilute it, because it is so sweet, it's almost syrupy.
CHEAP AND DELICIOUS.

My friend Christi and I came in for a catchup sesh and immediately placed our orders for lunch - she had the Beef & Tendon Noodle Soup while I opted for the Zha Jiang Mien (dry noodles with sliced cucumbers, bean sprouts, and spicy pork that you mix together). They offered hot tea, which is nice for a fast food place (I always thought hot tea was mandatory at Chinese places, but I've discovered more and more places are trying to get away with charging for it..pfft). We also ordered the chive dumplings.

Food came out quickly, and it was flavorful, tasty, and not overdone with salt. 

Only reason why I'm knocking off a star is the service. It seemed rather mixed - there was an older lady who was brusque while a younger server's kindness offset that attitude. 

Will be back! Solid noodle shop, but bring cash!
Definitely the WORST restaurant experience I've EVER had!!! I really doubt the credibility of the reviews here. I've never rated any restaurant lower than 4-star before.

It is only a little restaurant with edible food and horrible service. 

We got the seats really fast because there was no waiting line. And then we were served 40 minutes later! We did ask for the waiter and he kind of ignored us for a very long time. I couldn't believe that they served the group behind us! Then we got our food 30 minutes later than that. THEN! We got the wrong food. 

Seriously, just don't risk your mood or vacation in this place!
Woot woot!! So glad we found this place through yelp! 

I didn't think there was a decent Chinese/Taiwanese place to eat in Vegas.

This place is located in Chinatown, I believe in the same plaza as the 99 Ranch Market. Restaurant is a little hard to find, it's tucked in a little corner. The place is pretty small too and of course, don't expect anything fancy. CASH ONLY!

The beef noodle soup was phenomenal.. I loved the noodles and the broth and the meat was pretty tender too, I drank the entire soup! Boyfriend said it was a bit too salty, but i still enjoyed it. The dry zha jiang mein was okay, but a bit too spicy for me. We also had the wonton with sauce and that was pretty good too.

Overall, I'd come back here for sure.. I'm over eating pho every time we go to Vegas. =)
i havent had a good bowl of beef noodle soup in a long time!

i thought the flavor of the soup was good (usually it's not spicy enough or way too spicy but their soup was perfect amt of spiciness for me). i liked how they had plenty of pickled mustard greens, chives, and cilantro in your bowl, mmm. the noodles arent homemade but still a good texture. good-sized portion (i even took half of it home) considering how you pay $8 for a big bowl. 

we also ordered the beef rolls which were a good appetizer. they make it with an "dan bing" aka egg tortilla.
Stumbled upon Noodle Pot while walking through the Ranch 99 Chinatown plaza. It looked busy, I Yelped it and saw that it had gotten a decent reviews, so why not. Ordered a bowl of their signature beef noodle soup (in English on the menu overhead it all says "beef noodle soup" but they come with different things, like tendon, beef, etc.). We were seated right away as there was a table available, but while we were waiting for our food, a woman asked if someone was sitting there. We said no, and she plopped herself down while her hubby ordered food. We thought she just needed to get off her feet, but nope she was settling down and her husband sat right next to her. Okay, then.

Our beef noodle soup was okay, but they made it spicy at first and then said it only comes that way. I told her that the waitress said that they could make it non-spicy so then it took a while to come out. There are only about 10 tables in there, so don't expect to get seated right away if they're busy. We ordered the pork chop rice and when it came, I was like, "Where's the batter?" That's the first time in my life that I've ordered pork chop rice and it came like it was broiled. Weird. It tasted okay, but it's like going to KFC and ordering fried chicken and you come home and open the bucket and it's grilled chicken. Sucks.

It was about $8 each and you get plenty of food, but the noodles weren't the homemade kind I like and they weren't QQ enough. You know what I mean. Probably won't go back next time I'm in Vegas. I did like that they spoke Taiwanese and Mandarin though, and they were very nice there.
Everything is good. New business. Noodle is good,soup can be improved. Beef noodle recommend.
A friend and I stopped in here on a Monday night. There weren't many in, and we were seated quickly. Very friendly waitress! She took very good care of our order, and recommended the beef noodle soup. The soup was fantastic! The broth was flavorful and rich, and the beef, despite having some parts that were difficult to bite through, was very good. We ordered some dumplings as well, which the cook came to let us know that they were out of, so it was deducted from our check, but they gave us some other dumplings instead. It was unexpected and pleasant.

I was a bit surprised to see hot tea in plastic drinking tumblers, but it was still good, and I've seen it done in a few other restaurants. Use your common sense and don't just grab the cup immediately if you ordered hot tea!

Definitely a good place for an evening meal, and I want to go back and see what their other menu items taste like.
After multiple recommendations, I zipped over to the noodle pot for rainy day soup.  The service was friendlier than expected.  The place is little and hard to find if you don't know what you are looking for.  
We shared the spicy won tons and I had the beef tenderloin soup.  The wontons were delicious, piping hot, and spicy.
The beef tenderloin soup was excellent and flavorful.  The noodles were pleasantly chewy and the broth required no additions.  
The beef was very tender and shredded right apart - reminiscent of a braised beef short rib - however, extremely fatty.  I spent loads of time removing large chunks of fat from my soup.  
A delicious soup; something different than pho.  I'll go back.
Very good wonton soup and beef noodle stew.
Very friendly place. When I first went in, I did not know it was a Taiwanese place until I saw Taiwanese TV shows being broadcasted on the LCD screen. We had the beef noodle and wontons with spicy sauce. I thought the food was OK, and the prices was average. But being Taiwanese myself, I found warm feeling about this place.
I'll definitely come back, maybe even bring some friends from work.
Best place I've come across for Taiwanese beef noodle soup in Vegas thus far.   Always a good sign when I walk into a Chinese restaurant and they assume I'm a native speaker right off the bat so I'm happy to play the role of the fobby young immigrant looking for an oasis of good eats in the desert reminding him of the motherland (or mother island, depending on your politics).  

My two times here I've gotten the spicy beef noodle soup and the pork feet noodle soup, both leaving me satisfied with warm soup belly and no residual sense of being parched from excessive MSG/salt.    The noodles offered come in two varieties: thin (nice Q-Q quality with an udon like consistency) and the thick hand-cut variety that are like nice al-dente dumpling strips).  The broth for the beef noodle soup has good balance in spice from the star anise/peppercorns with a lingering sweet finish and the beef is braised fork-tender (chopstick tender?) with plenty of marbled fatty goodness and accompanying tendon pieces that have been cooked down to the perfect chewy consistency.  If you're feeling a bit more adventurous and need to save a few extra bucks, the pork feet noodle soup is a bargain considering it is 2 dollars cheaper than the beef noodle soup and is loaded with large cartilaginous hunks of the soup's namesake that are braised so that everything falls off the bones with minimal effort.  The broth has a nice mild sweetness and the accompanying bok choy provides a nice contrast in crunch/color.  Probably not the best soup to order if you're on a date or if an attractive customer is sitting in front of you since this is one of those dishes you just need to go to town gnawing away and discarding the small bones aside every few bites, so just be comfortable in your own world of pork-liciousness.  

Lots of other taiwanese classics and small cold plates at the counter, so definitely planning a return trip in the near future.  Cash only!
Sumbling in to this place one late night, I have to say, I have become a fan. Pictures on the wall and friendly staff make ordering a breeze. Food might be a little strange if you are not open minded, but very yummy. The beef soup is spicy, but oh so good ... the beef roll is delicious - made with a tortilla, eggs, beef, and cilantro - the dry noodles may look like ... well, dog food, but tastes great!

To add to the authentic flavor of Noodle Pot, there is always a TV on a Chinese game show.

Open until 12 on weeknights, 2 on weekends, but these a hours vary based on ... well, if they feel like it - or someone has not messed up the broth.

Oh yeah, prices, simple and cheap.
stumbling onto noodle pot is like finding a gallon of water in the middle of dessert for me, used to live in cali and taiwanese food comes in handy, but things change once i moved to hawaii,  most of the items in the store reminiscent of my childhood memory regards how taiwanese food should taste like, i was gratified and wish i had pay more visit to the restaurant during my stay in vegas
Love this place! Great food great value. Spicy beef noodle is where it is at! (Napa dumplings were great too!) Noodles tasted so fresh. I wondered if they were homemade. Broth was perfect. Not too salty and just spicy enough!

Btw, the portion was so big for the spicy beef noodle that one bowl is enough for two. We made the mistake of ordering two noodle bowls and had to take the leftovers home which we did so gladly. I couldn't wait to eat the leftovers... And even soggy and day old it was still delicious! Being of Taiwanese decent I was so pleasantly surprised that this was a Taiwan style noodle shop. Almost all the customers spoke Mandarin which must mean that they serve good authentic Taiwanese food. I hope I can take my Taiwanese relatives here next time they visit Vegas. I can't wait to go back! Now on my favorites list of Vegas. =)
So How did I find this place? Well my girlfriend and I wanted chinese food around 10pm, so i decided to drive to China town and Yelp what was nearby,. This is what came up.

I really wanted to like this place, I can get past that its basically a hole in the wall. A lot of these places are but the food wasnt that good here. We ordered the Beef noodle soup, it said that it would be spicy but it wasnt. It had a little flavor, but similar to pho it tasted strongly of cilantro. There wasn't a lot of beef, it was mostly fat and unchewable other pieces. The noodles we're good. If I just ordered this I'd prob give this place 3 stars.

We also ordered the Beef Stew Rice. For whatever reason It didn't register that we ordered Beef stew, We thought it would be beef fried rice. But it was what it said. Beef stew (which was just ok) served over white rice. It wasn't very good. I don't know if this is considered authentic Chinese or what, but it was just ok. 

I have a feeling we should of ordered the dumplings. I will say the waitress was super nice and friendly.
Good food n good service.  Prices r higher than others but I guess it's because they re in the mall.  Air cond needs to be turned on r turned up cuz it was way too hot in there.
This place is CHEAP and really good food! I had the wonton soup and it was THE BOMB! also try their dumplings really really tasty.. I would highly recommend this place.. it is cheap and very good.. I would definitely come back here.. this is located right next to Ranch 99 market in the chintown center.. try now!
Came here during winter break, and boy was it packed. All the Asians came here for their Chinese food fix instead of going to some buffet at a casino.  Coming from a place with a lot of good Chinese food, I'd have to say that this place wasn't the best. It was definitely not built for too many people and there were a billion people here trying to get a seat. The noodles here are really good. I got the pig feet soup, and I thought they cooked the meat quite well. My family got the beef noodle soup, which I was pretty standard asian fare. This place doesn't wow, but it is a pretty good place for its location.
I was given a glowing recommendation of this place because of their beef noodle soup, but sadly it was a let down. I appreciate the local joint's attempt, and the price is good, but the soup was too sweet for the style they were selling.
For now, just A-OK. I got the beef & tenderloin soup ($8.50) and I did like the tenderloins :). Noodles were okay. 

CASH ONLY BTW. Throwing it out there first.

When I was trying to find it, I did not know that it was the main Chinatown plaza. A hole-in-the-wall place right by that Optometrist place. Yeah, I had a little trouble finding it, haha. OOPS. Should've read the reviews more thoroughly!

I'd like to try their beef rolls some other time and maybe some other soup. For now, it's decent enough. Good enough. It's perfect coming at night (opens till 2am on Fri-Sat, and 12am the rest of the week) or when it starts to get cold again.

Worth a try at least once! :)
This restaurant is a small place but didnt need to wait for seats.  I went w a friend and We both ordered the beef noodle soup and an order of shrimp dumplings. The waiter misunderstood us and thought we ordered one soup and one dumplings. I started the noodles, which were good in itself but the entire noodle soup was unappetizing and not very tasty. The meat was fatty and looked like scrap. 

I don't like food, and esp meat, to go to waste but I could not get myself to finish this. 

The shrimp dumplings weren't that great either. 

I won't be dining at this place again.
Definitely worth a try! My hubby got the beef noodle soup, I got Porkchop with rice, and we shared the hot oil wonton. Pork chop dish was ok, wasn't deep fried (which was good) but it wasn't thoroughly cooked, had some pink which I did not like. Beef noodle soup was great, just as good as Beijing Noodle (maybe even a tad bit better, cuz this soup was spicier). Hot oil chili was good but wasn't spicy enough. Price was great! Very affordable!
Noodle pot serves the best beef noodle soup I've ever had. I'm Chinese so I've had a lot of beef noodle sooup in my life. I haven't had much else on the menu despite going there once every few weeks, but the beef rolls are pretty solid too.

The restauarant is a bit tough to find (it's on the western end of the Chinatown Plaza Mall), but once you get there you're in for a treat. There's not much in the way of decor or service (not bad, just basic), but you go to Noodle Pot for the food.

Tip: ask for thick noodles
I LOVE beef stew noodle. When my friend told me this place made really good beef noodle stew, I just had to try it.  However; this place was aver.  I feel like a lot of places I review are just average.  Haha.  I got the Beef Stew Noodles for 7.99.  There's a spicy version and a not spicy version.  People who can handle spicy will want something stronger as the spicy one was just ok. They do have some spices that can be added to your soup.  My friend added the chili sauce to her soup base.  The soup is perfect for a cold winter's day.  I

Their customer service is just meh.  It's typical Asian service.  When we first ordered drinks, we asked for ice water.  Another lady came out and brought us hot tea.  :(  When the lady brought out our noodles, I would have liked if she told us what each one was.  Luckily two of of us ordered the same thing, so we could tell.  

My friend did rave about this place, so maybe I expected too much.  I might go back and try the beef noodle dumplings she recommended.  I think it's dumplings in beef noodle stew.
Want to try some quality beef soup noodles?  A few simple choices an you're there: 

1.  Beef, beef tendon, or a combination of both.
2.  Thin or thick (hand cut ribbons) noodles.
3.  Mild or spicy soup.

The hardest thing is finding the place.  

Deconstructed:  Very well seasoned, deep beefy soup base with the wafting aroma of star anise, hint of ginger, and dried citrus peels.  Great noodles with just the right amount of chew.  Clean, tender, gelatinous tendons (sounds disgusting but "a rose by any other name...").  The only catch, the beef is sometimes over braised.  Tender, but dry.  Very common, I'd guess it's authentic by default.

Beef stew soup $8. Beef tendon soup $9.  Combo at $8.50

A simple meal doled out in a non descript restaurant with "classic" service (you got your food right?)  It is what it is and that's not bad at all.
Hole in the wall in Chinatown plaza. Parking is no issue due to the large shopping center parking lot. I arrived for lunch and it was just before noon

Yummy beef noodle soup! I went with the spicy version without tendon. The broth was rich tasting and the beef was lean and tender.

Service here is average and straight to the point as with most Chinese restaurants.
As the current reigning  duchess of Noodle Pot, I think I'm due for a review. I come here for one thing and one thing only--their best seller, Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup.

The noodles are usually cooked soft with just a bit of bite. If it were up to me, I would prefer them a little more chewy. But the broth has a light to medium body and is packed full of flavor and I can honestly say that the broth alone makes up for a limp noodle. On top of it all, the braised beef and tendon are always tender and delicious. And it's all served with a healthy serving of fresh and pickled vegetables. After trying a few other noodle dishes here, I came to the conclusion I don't like any of it. But if I'm feeling frisky, I'll mix in a Beef Roll with my noodle soup. Noodle Pot's beef roll is a popular Taiwanese finger food. Scallion, cilantro, sweet/savory hoisin sauce, and tender chunks of beef shank are rolled in a slightly chewy pancake. At first glance, I would compare it to a crepe-like burrito. I suggest digging in with your hands and dipping in a bit of black vinegar. Delicious!

Decor is your typical no-frills, family-owned, Asian hole-in-the-wall. Nothing fancy, but always clean. Their English isn't the best either so if you don't know your basic Chinese just point at the number you want. All in all, service is friendly enough to make this a quick stop for a bite to eat. Just make sure you remember this place is CASH ONLY! If you forget, buy some gum at 99 Ranch Market and get cash back. (Been there done that).
Whenever my Chinese in-laws are visiting from Hong Kong and we go to Chinese restaurants, I am always on the edge of my seat eagerly  awaiting for their opinion (and approval).  I had been here once before and really like it so I added it to the list of places to take them.  Well, I am proud to say that my taste buds were on point because they were big fans of Noodle Pot.  

Most of the noodle restaurants in Chinatown are Cantonese style, but Noodle Pot is  traditional Taiwanese style. On both occasions, my husband and I shared the big bowl of the Beef and tendon stew noodle soup.  It is supposed to be spicy, but we also have to add more to appease our spice needs.  The noodles are made from scratch and hand pulled every morning. The beef and tendons are oh so tender, and the broth is bursting with flavor.  

I highly recommend ordering the Beef Roll to accompany the noodle soup. The flavor combinations of the egg wrap, the cilantro, thin sliced beef, and hoisin sauce is perfection.  There are also cold dishes (pig ear, marinated cucumbers, seaweed, eggs, peanuts, etc) at the counter to accompany your noodles if you prefer.  In addition, they serve an assortment of dumplings which I have yet to try. 

I am also a big fan of the rice dishes.  I ordered a crispy chicken plate for the kids and they loved it.  The steamed rice comes with some minced beef on top and some pickled vegetables on the side. But, the crispy chicken is the true star. 

The restaurant is a true hole in the wall. (Our table was next to the freezer).  It may be difficult to find if you can't read Chinese. The Chinese Characters dominate the store front sign but be on the lookout for the tiny square of english words "Noodle Pot" in the corner.  The service is quick and friendly, and the flat screen TV is on a Chinese channel.  There are only a few tables inside and it is CASH ONLY, but it is a true GEM to Chinatown.
Winter is here and time for some of my favorite foods soups and stews Mmmm. I found this place last winter it is a deep rich hardy thick broth and hand cut noodles large pieces of beef (other options as well)  I get the beef stew my boyfriend gets the beef tendon combo.  It has bite and says spicy but I could handle way more if needed.  We also listened to fellow yelpers and got the spicy wontons those were delish, thanks Yelp! 

The decor is minimal get the food and get out kinda decor.  I am always the only white person there and sometimes the only one who only speaks english.  Buses will show up and can sometimes have a line.  Like I said get your food and get out!  The service is typical china town service and I love it!  They are not rude but they mean business!  

This place is so good I can almost eat a whole bowl!  We can also get our for around $20 without the appetizer.
I have a weakness and it is NOODLES!  Even the scorching hot sun could not keep me away from a hot bowl of noodle soup.  Open late and tucked into the Chinatown plaza, I knew I had to go take a visit.

AMBIENCE:
This is a great place if Pho Kim Long down the way is too full.  This is not a fancy shmancy restaurant, but it's a great spot to get a quick fill of your noodle cravings and go.  They also seem to store their meats in the fridge in the dining area, which is a little strange, but nonetheless entertaining to see all the different kinds of meat they have stocked in there when they go to pull something out.

FOOD QUALITY:
The noodle soup was delicious!!! I got the Wonton noodles and the broth was just perfect!  The wonton was tender and tasty and the noodles were melt in your mouth yummy!  The portion was also generous enough to satisfy my tummy.  Price was cheap too - I don't believe any of the noodles came out to be more than $8.  

OVERALL:
The noodles were so yummy, I would definitely put this place on the list to come back to for my next Vegas visit.  Plus, I now have another alternative if Pho Kim Long's line ever gets too long.
Nom nom nom nom nom. My mouth is watering. I think I'm due for a review too after eating here like everyday in November after discovering. My mom visited in March and we THOUGHT about going here but were sketchy about the cash only policy.  I have seriously missed out since then because i LOVE this place. The first time I came here my mom and I shared the beef noodle soup and the won ton soup. Both were so amazing with lots of fresh cilantro and green onion! 

It's def not a fancy place but this place has super great and flexible hours. I think they are open until 2am on Friday/Saturday. This is the perfect place to go on a chilly Vegas night!
Love their beef noodle soup and beef rolls (with egg too!)
Wish I had taken 5 orders to go.
Also tried their brisket tofu and tripe (this was decent tho I wanted more tripe!)
Pork chop rice- really big piece of meat! Good quantity but the noodle soup is better.
We also asked for the dan dan noodle but they didn't have it so we were offered a different noodle dish with minced pork I think. This one was a bit sour (due to the vinegar) and I did not like it much. 

Overall, a nice place to eat! and cheap!
Perfect place for a casual quick meal.  Place reminds me of my mom's braised beef noodle stew but with homemade noodles.  The place is no frills except for free Wifi (Yay!), so not a place that you'd likely want to take a date to.  Otherwise service is acceptable, they're pretty quick to refill your water and get you anything.  Had to ask for extra napkins.  Located in the heart of Las Vegas Chinatown in the same place as Ranch 99.  The food was really good, so I'll probably go back.
Try their beef noodle soup!  I mean it, it's goooood!!  I ordered #1 (spicy beef noodle soup) and it was delicious.  The soup is flavorful and the portions are generous.  In addition, it wasn't all that expensive either.  My friends and I were thinking about stopping by this place a second time but we didn't have enough time but my mouth is watering just thinking about their beef noodle soup.  Mmmmm, it reminds me of the beef noodle soup that I had in Taiwan!
So this place would be comparable to those Taiwanese hole in the wall restaurants you would find if you are familiar with 626 in SoCal.  I stopped by for lunch and ordered the Zha Jiang Noodles.  This dish was very spicy, more than I expected.  The menu did have a chili pepper by the item, but I've never had Zha Jiang noodles that gave me the sweats.  Whoa buddy.

Besides that dish, I probably had the best beef rolls ever.  It was authentic style and they even added egg in it so it tasted like the Taiwanese breakfast Dan Bing.  Da Bomb yo!  Noodle pot taking it to the next Level baby! The only downside was it was really oily.  So you women prepare to start dabbing with your tissue.

I look forward to going back and trying the beef noodle that everyone is raving about.
I frequent this place about once a week to get my fill on Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup. It's the best I've ever had, though I am no "expert" on authentic taste. However, my friends who are much more in tune with the traditional flavor say that it is *very* good. This is primarily the dish I stick with, as it is their primary specialty, I believe.

Their beef, as compared to most places I've had in California, is tender, quality meat. A&J, a semi-chain, has these comparatively cheap pieces of beef with fat layered into it. I know which I prefer. The soup is very good, as are the noodles, and at 8 dollars a dish, you really can't go wrong as the meal is also very filling.

I've also enjoyed the beef rolls here - essentially sliced beef with some hoisin style sauce and a lot of cilantro-type herbs and egg wrapped into a thin pancake. They're really tasty as well.

Additionally, I do find that the owners and workers here are better than most hole-in-the-wall Taiwanese restaurants. Sometimes I could simply not stand the way I was treated at places like A&J.

A couple tips. CASH ONLY, and they often close before the listed closing time if they are not busy at all. Like potentially two hours early, so either call or be prepared to go early!
Really nice staff. Beef noodle soup was def a winner. Tried some beef tendons as well, and loved em. The red sauce on the table compliments the soup perfectly. I'm not a huge soup fan but this place was a winner
This was one of the worst experience's I've had! Customer service was horrible, since I cannot leave the rating zero, I am forced to give them a one, but believe me I wouldn't go back if it was free!  

Let me explain, we walked in for a hot bowl of noodles, and the place had maybe 8 tables of people.  We were shown a table and sat down, and that was it, no one came over to take our order, we were there maybe 10 minutes when a bus load of people came flooding through the doors and scrambling for free tables, they were placing orders and their food came flying out, one after another, it was horrific.  I finally got someones attention and they took our order.  

Finally, our food came out but they kept pushing us around, first by asking that we move to a single table, we had been seated by them at a table for four, so we complied, then when my husband made his way to the counter to pay, I was still slurping my noodles, they showed people to sit at our table, I wasn't even done eating and they were pushing us out to make room for 'THE BUS' people.  I have never felt so unwanted, I was a paying customer too!  I wanted to sit and enjoy my meal, and yet I was rushed, pushed out of my seat!

I couldn't take it any more, I was livid, so I walked out, disgusted with the whole experience, and I will not go back!
Beef noodle soup was delicious, just the right mix of spiciness and flavor.  The pork rice dish was good too, savory with the right amount of sauce.  Not the cleanest place and a bit small (tight) but that just reinforces what this is - a yummy Taiwanese hole in the wall restaurant.
It's a good noodle place.
Even though I'm Korean, I'm a big, big fan of Taiwanese beef stew noodle. I was back home in Vegas and was really craving my go-to-meal in SoCal - beef stew noodle. I decided to try out this little restaurant because the ratings weren't too bad.

I learned from my Taiwanese/Chinese friend that no one makes beef stew noodle the same, so I always keep an open mind to the different recipes and flavors. However, I was not as impressed with the food here. The broth was a lot thicker and oilier than other restaurants that I have tried. The food came out extremely fast, and it tasted as though they had kept the same broth warm all day (it was salty). Also, the broth already comes spicy (I usually have to ask to add spice elsewhere). I wanted to try their thick/wide noodles, but they had ran out that day.

This rating is solely on food, even though I feel like the restaurant could improve a little bit on their service. There were no spoons at our table, so I had to look around and grab some myself from their counter. I'm not a big stickler for those kinds of things, but I know some might find it to be bad service. The people are sweet though! 

Maybe next time I'll have to try another dish to understand why people rave about this place!
Stopped by here on our way out from Vegas because my friend was craving soup noodles and said this place was a must try. 

I ordered the BEEF STEW SOUP, which was surprisingly not that bad. The noodles had a good texture, al dente! I like that the soup base is actually spicy, unlike some of the other soups I've had. Probably not as good as some of the noodle places I've had in the 626, but not too bad if you're in Vegas and you're craving some soup noodles. 

Prices are decent, ~$8-9, after tax and tip.
Limited menu (mainly noodles and dumplings); reasonable prices; fast food service; this place is usually packed during lunch/ dinner hours because price is right and food tastes great! I had a bowl of pork feet noodle soup here on a cold winter night so the hot noodles was especially delicious to me! Portion size was just good.  Service was accommodating; the servers were very busy but still trying to accommodate everybody by getting the people seated and bringing the foods out ASAP. Good job!
If you're in Vegas and looking for a bomb meal before you go out and get drunk off your ass, or you're looking for a hangover cure the next day, then this is the spot!

Hands down best beef noodles in Vegas, probably better than most beef noodles in the 626/909 area too. For a Taiwanese joint, this place is as authentic as it gets. The noodles are handmade and the perfect size. You don't find beef noodles with texture this good just anywhere. The broth is a little spicy (legit Taiwanese-style), so try the mild if you're scared of spicy shits. 

The shrimp dumplings and wontons in chili sauce are delicious as well. Really reminds me of the ones you get in a Taiwanese night market. If you're down to try something new, I would also recommend the beef rolls.

I go here at least once every time I'm in Vegas and I'm in town quite often.
The Beef noodles were just what the Dr. ordered. This is a little whole in the wall so come hungry, but don't try to impress anyone with the ambiance. It's a kitchen and some tables. That's all.
Although I am not a big fan of beef noodles, I still wanted to come here and try their other dish. I ordered pig feet (i know, sounds scary) noodle soup.  I was not very impressed with it.  They were only 3 medium size pig feet in the soup, so it was not very filling.  I think the beef noodle soup would've been more filling.  But this place seems to be very popular as people kept coming in.  The turn over rate is pretty fast, so even if there is a line, i wouldn't think the wait would be too long.   If you are sick of buffets on the strip and feel like some hot (both temperature and spice) beef noodle soup, come and try this place.
I ordered the Dan Dan Noodles but was disappointed because I was expecting soup noodles since it was under the "soup noodle" category.  Their dumplings were okay.  My mother-in-law's soup noodles looked good.  My husband enjoyed his minced beef rice dish.  They also forgot about my husband's winter melon drink but they didn't charge us for it.

I was not happy with the service.  We were waiting to have our order taken but the waiter sat another party that had just walked in and he returned to take their order before us.  The food didn't take long to come out.  However, we waited too long for our check and so we went up to the cashier to try to pay but they were too busy so we had to wait at our table.  After a while, we went up again and and waited in front of the cashier to pay.  It is a tiny restaurant so it wasn't as if they didn't see us at our table.

This place is full of Asian tourists that come on the tour buses.
I had lunch around 1-2pm it was packed. It's small cozy and hole in the wall. When I entered the place I wasn't greeted or acknowledged. After the cleared some tables the waiter/cashier ask who many people. I was seated right away. They brought me hot tea. I ordered the won ton red oil sauce and crispy chicken leg rice plate. The won tons came it was great. Then my entree came next that was delicious. It was basically  chicken, vegetables, eggs and rice. That filled me up! Also it's a big serving which I love! They never came and ask how the food taste or refill the drinks. Overall food was good but they can improve on the costumer service.
After I finally persuaded Earl to come here for a late lunch, we got to visit Noodle Pot.  Earl hesitated to come here because we had a 7 course chef tasting dinner planned at 6pm, and it is already 2pm.  

When we arrived, we were promptly greeted by the staff and was seated.  Choice between hot tea and water was offered, we opted for hot tea.  We ordered the two most talked about items on Yelp.  While we were waiting, Earl was intrigued by the Taiwanese variety show that was playing on the TV.  I, on the other hand, was intrigued with the big freezer that located inside the dining area, packed with frozen meat and trays of handmade wontons.  
Onto the food:

-Beef and Tendon Noodle Soup:  We asked for extra bowls so we can share this.  This is a huge bowl of spicy flavorful broth with super tender chunks of beef and tendons.  There were also baby bok choy and pickled veggie in this bowl of goodness.  

-Beef roll: tender slices of beef, egg and tons and tons of cilantro, with hoisin sauce, rolled up with a mu shu like wrapper.  There were two rolls, sliced in three sections, that came in an order.  We each had a section and took home the rest because we want to save room for dinner.  We had it for breakfast this morning and it was still delicious.

Service was awesome.
Food we had was awesome.
We will be coming back!
I've been here twice, first time got the wonton soup, which was pretty decent. Nothing too special or fancy though we did have a question of if they were using the microwave to heat food up. We're still not sure!

The second time, I got the beef noodle soup (I think that's what it was called, it was the first one on the menu), got it spicy and with thick noodles! It was pretty good, the noodles were cooked just right (at least for me), it wasn't too spicy just enough to taste it, and the beef was very tender (it came apart very easily!). I believe it was $7.99 for that. My friend got the beef and tendon, spicy, and with thick noodles as well. I believe he liked it as well. Well it wasn't bad for either of us, so that's a plus.

It's worth a try, I still need to try some other items on the menu.
This place does not have an English signage out front so just look for a tiny noodle spot at the left of the Chinese mall downtown (if you are facing it).  Their food are a perfect cure for a hangover or a very cold day.  A perfect balance of fresh flavors and a little grease ;)  We had the beef noodle soup, wantons in chili, pork chop rice and pickled cucumbers and all were excellent.  They have good service too.  When we went, we were the only non-Taiwanese/Chinese people there.  Always a good sign.
I keep hearing about amazing beef noodle soup from fellow yelpers. So decided before heatwave today get me nice bowl of noodle soup. I was NOT at all disappointed. I did get the spicy beef and tendon noodle soup. I enjoy spicy food! I know we all have our own levels of heat but felt spicy was just right not over the top but still feel the kick. The amount of beef and tendon took me surprise with generous portions. I am fan of Pho. I get tendon in my Pho never get enough one piece or two if lucky. Here at Noodle Pot get bang for your buck. The broth was so heavenly no need add nothing else plus had small bok choy pieces in too. The noodles was great! I thinking be more like Pho much thicker noodle close too udon but thiner. I felt made the soup even more hearty with the bigger noodles. Yummy. I also ordered beef roll just cause first trip wanted try as much as I can. Another great dish on the menu. It heavy for starter just so you know. It something that never had before maybe because of the whole restaurant style. It looks more like crepe roll up with thinly sliced of tongue (I think) and lot of other good stuff lot of herbs/greens. You get two nice big rolls pre order. I would take beef roll over any spring roll. 

The service say can be hit or miss depending on busy. I happen too during the lunch rush so kind of happy found spot. They only have one server/cashier and she does everything. Although too be honest the cook brought out my noodle soup since it was busy. It came too getting the bill if busy best bet just go right up too the cashier. If had anything pick at was since busy waited long time for bill. Two other tables that they just went right up too pay since taking little bit. Overall service was still very good. 

The restaurant is pretty small so timing is everything. I do believe they do take out orders. Parking more then ample being located in Chinatown. If fan of noodles Noodle Pot is some place that need too check out. I know will be back. =))
so our group of 5 people had a boba drink and we just wanted to grab quick bite. so we saw this noodle pot and we went in. we were kind of full so we just ordered 3 types of noodle and rice and we add other side of noodle. and that little girl was serving us gave us a cocky look, maybe she thinks we dont have money?  so after all the order she didnt serve us anymore we were thirsty so we drank a lot of water and waiting for that girl to fill us water but no. Later we just want to get out of that place and we asked for bill. She charged 15% of the bill and the menu says only party of 6 will auto-charge 15% but we only have 5 so we called that girl to changed it. i was going to tip that little girl a penny but then i got $1 left so i just left there for her. Think we dont have money then we will prove you that we dont have money.
Food is very delish here, price is good,decent nice service and free wifi
Oh no, not in a heartbeat im comin back. Food and service its a 1-1. The soup I ordered was not fresh and tasty at all. Dining had this foul smell of rotten food coming from the kitchen. Sorry but it's a NO.
I loved this hole in the wall, literally its so small.  The noodle bowls were great as well as the dim sum. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm making this one of my mandatory pit stops.
Can't get enough of their beef stew noodle soup!  If you enjoy spicy soup, this is the dish for you.  Plus, their portions are very generous.  It really, really fills you up.

Only drawback is that it's cash only.  Not really a big deal, but I'm just someone who doesn't really like carrying cash around.
Great service and excellent Beef Noodles. 

Didn't find it on my first pass of the mall, but the food was definitely worth the search for this place.
Kids wanted some boba tea, so we decided to drop by chinatown for breakfast and some boba. This morning we decided to eat at noodle pot while we waited for volcano tea to open. Food was great! I had the shrimp dumpling and pig feet noodle soup. But damnnn the service sucks from the time we walked in. The lady behind the counter look unhappy when we walked in, no greeting no smiling alwayse watching my kids as if they were gonna still some CHOPSTICKS and SPOON hahahah FORREALS!!! I dont know if the lady was having a bad day or not but there is NOOOO EXCUSE for that kinda service. Overall food is excellent but service ruin it all!! Won't be coming back forever haha. Im use to the typical subpar service at asian restaurant but not one like this.
I thought it was really funny that for parties of 6 or more, there is a mandatory 15% gratuity .. People in Chinatown must normally tip less than 15% .. 

CASH ONLY

Prices were pretty fair !!! I ordered the zha jiang mian, and it was slightly different than what I'm used to seeing. It looked like minced pork on noodles here instead of the standard black bean stuff with cucumbers. While it was pretty good, it was not what I was expecting .. Also I think the egg was too salty. 

The beef wraps were super good !!!! I highly recommend A+!!! But there is lots of cilantro in it for people who do not like cilantro! Also the pig ear and the marinated cucumbers were good. 

Solid place and not super expensive !!
authentic taiwanese food :)

i was born and grew up in taiwan, so you can trust my review that this is probably one of the most authentic taiwanese restaurant in chinatown.

i ordered the beef noodle soup with no beef (i'm not a vegetarian, just wasn't craving meat) and they happily accommodated to my order. it was good and normally i would prefer my noodles to be a little thicker but i can definitely taste the taiwanese! 

i also tried the pork chop and it was delicious as well, they cook it as stew so it's not your ordinary pork chop! 

this place is small and probably sit a total of 30 people total but it has all of my favorite taiwanese dishes. keep in mind the owner and workers are all taiwanese and they will speak to you in mandarin when you walk in. also, it's CASH ONLY.
More like 3.5 stars. Taiwanese beef noodle soup is what I ordered because I'm looking for something similar to Din Tai Fung's. This place is located next to Chinatown Mall behind a statue and where there's a "2-Hour Parking" limit painted on each parking spot.

The people here barely speak English and the few diners the day we went were Chinese and Taiwanese slurping thei soup away - signs of authenticity? Perhaps. Our food came out quick and piping hot. My beef noodle soup wasn't very meaty and I got some with lots of fat. There's fresh bok choi...yum. Noodles were cooked perfectly.

The food was good but sadly, it wasn't even close to satisfying my DTF beef noodle soup craving. I'm still on the hunt for DTF-esque noodles.
I've walked by this place so many times, but never realized what they sold here!

Went with the Beef Stew Noodle Soup ($7.99). Lots of beef "parts" and bok choy in a fairly spicy broth...good stuff! Noodles are thicker, broth is very heavy and oily with lots of flavor.

I tried asking the lady what "parts" were in the soup...not much English, so all I got was "beef" LOL.  Looked like knuckle/oxtail meat and tongue were in there...probably better I not know actually!

I might be back...it was good, but can't say it hits my Ramen/Pho/Soup craving, so it's a good bowl to change things up every once in a while!

Pic :
My newest obsession! I almost don't want to write a review because I want to keep this little spot all to myself. Though the tiny obscure sign helps disguise the restaurant quite well hehe. Look for the small "Noodle Pot" oval next to a looming sign in Chinese. 

This restaurant tastes like...home. I always thought my mother didn't cook any specialty dishes (sorry for hating in the past, mom) but now I realize that everything she made for us was traditional Taiwanese style dishes! Which is exactly what this restaurant sells. You MUST go with the spicy beef noodle soup! The soup is hearty and rich in beef flavor. It is also heavier on the tomato side which some beef noodle soup enthusiasts might not be accustomed to, though it's exactly how my grandma makes it. The noodles they use are perfectly chewy, slightly wavy and neither too thin or thick and the beef chunks are tender and savory. It comes with plenty of baby bok choy and pickled mustard and cilantro. 

For the side dishes I would recommend anything marinated! The cucumbers are garlicky, crunchy and refreshing while the cabbage is deliciously sour and spicy. My mouth is starting to water right now. Another must order is the beef wrap which is a thin green onion egg pancake wrapped around marinated beef slices, cilantro, and what seems like oyster sauce.  BUT THAT'S NOT ALL! You definitely need to order the chili oil wontons too. And all their dumplings are made in house. And finally the green bean (sweet mung bean, not the string variety) drink to top it all off! Noodle Pot is Taiwanese comfort food perfection.

P.S. More waitresses please. That is all.
The Beef Noodle Soup was really good. And the waitress is cute, so I'll be back there.
Okay... I start by admitting that I'm no expert on Chinese food, but I have been around a bit. The food here is delicious and the service friendly and fast. Fancy it is not. But I don't mind that if the food is good. I had the won ton soup and dry minced pork with noodles. Both were full of complex flavors and seemed to be fresh and high quality. Total price with a nice tip was $15.
Let me preface that anyone who posted a negative review on this restaurant either doesn't know Taiwanese food or isn't Chinese.  My mother is from Taiwan and I visit yearly to see family.  I grew up eating authentic Taiwanese cuisine which is the best Chinese cuisine in the world.  Sorry Hong Kong.  The spicy beef noodle soup is outstanding almost as good as the version in Taiwan which is quite famous. This place reminds me of my mother's home cooking with very traditional dishes.  The beef noodle soup is hearty and rich in beef flavor with succulent beef chunks including tendon, baby bok choy, pickled mustard, cilantro and just perfect noodles.  My favorite appetizer is the beef wrap with thin green onion egg pancake encased around marinated beef slices, cilantro with hoisin sauce.  And you must order the wontons with spicy chili sauce!  Being in Chinatown, service is pretty good and even better if you speak Chinese or Taiwanese.
Typical Taiwanese food!!! Enjoy the delicious beef noodle soup and rice noodle soup a lot!!
Dropped in here to try the won tons and beef roll.

Service was fast and friendly, food was good.

We ordered hot green tea and it was served piping hot in plastic cups, wtf?! Is that even safe?

The Won Tons in Red Chili sauce are awesome. They are topped with fresh cilantro, perfect with the acid from the vinegar sauce.

The beef roll was interesting, it's very sweet... like dessert sweet. The beef is tender and the fresh herbs and egg inside give it a light fluffy texture which I loved, but the sauce was too sweet or there was just too much of it for my taste.

I'm keeping this place bookmarked and will come back to try the dumplings and soup noodles, but won't make the mistake of ordering hot tea here again.
Any Taiwanese will tell you, a good bowl of beef noodle soup is hard to come by here in Vegas. So when I keep hearing about this place and finally decided to give it a try, I was not impressed. 

Here is what we got:

1. Spicy Beef Noodle Soup with stew beef - it had good flavor but nothing special. our bowl came with some tendons though which was hard to chew.

2. Plain Beef Noodle Soup with flank - very plain taste with random vegetables (almost looked like a bowl of Pho)

3. Sauteed season veggies with garlic - overcooked boy choy, very soggy.

4. Beef Roll - this I will give them credit for, it was pretty tasty, I like the addition of peanuts and egg in here, not your average beef roll. But it was pretty greasy.

The service was friendly and not too busy on a Friday night. But would I come here again? Probably not. You can find better beef noodle somewhere else in my opinion.
I thought this place okay.  The Beef Roll was just average, not a big fan.  The side dishes were okay ... cold cucumber, sliced tofu.  I did however really like the wontons in red chili sauce.
Was craving nul ro mein since it was a cold, rainy weekend in Vegas. I also wanted to get away from the strip for a little bit so ventured over to the "china town" all along Spring Mountain. This place got great reviews for their nul ro mein and dumplings so I picked this place. 

It's a smaller but cozy mom and pop with friendly servers. Although the hot tea was served in plastic water cups, it was pretty tasty and went perfectly with the meal. Unfortunately, they ran out of the wide noodles for the nul ro mein so I just went for the regular beef noodle soup sinced I didn't want the spice. The broth was light and slightly tangy from the pickled cucumbers. Even though I didn't have the thick noodles, the thin noodles were pretty good. They definitely tasted home made and a slight chew to them which I love. The beef was thinly sliced and somewhat rubbery/chewy - I was definitely not a fan.

Overall, I've had better bowls of noodle soup elsewhere and left slightly disappointed. Then again, I didn't have the spicy beef noodle soup or have the wide noodle either.
Hey, not bad at all. The beef noodle soup is soulful and delicious.  Cash Only. No frills.
came here with some of the homies...i had the beef and tendon noodle soup...it was fiyah!! brought me back memories of when i was a kid watching jackie chan eating a big ol bowl of soup...my go to chinese noodle spot ayeeeee!!
I was craving something hot and soupy that day so i decided to check this place out. I had the hong shao niu rou mian, beef noodle soup. I can say I wasn't disappointed. It wasn't the best I've ever had but it was pretty good. Noodles were pretty good and the broth was on point. 

I've also heard good things about their beef rolls i will definitely try that next time
it was a rainy day and were craving  some hot soup , so we came to try this place .
got the beef noodle soup that everybody is raving about and some homemade dumplings in beef soup . somehow our orders were not done correctly and I got thin noodles instead of thick noodles. we also got the wrong kind of dumplings .
the flavor of the soup was good and I would have enjoyed the beef noodle soup more , if they gave me the right type of noodles for it . the dumplings were disappointingly small and also not what we ordered , so minus I star for that
Brrrrrr...... It is super cold night here in Las Vegas (12/07/2013) we're talking mid 20's. Definitely soup weather. 
Thanks to yelp, we found one in LV's Chinatown that's highly rated. 

Service was very good. Specially accommodating a big group (w/ kids in tow)
Food came out fast and the soups come out pipping hot. 

Here's some of the rundown. 
Beef and Tendon Stew Soup w/ Noodles (Spicy) - the soup was very flavorful, the noodles were perfect, the beef was super tender and delicious. The tendons on the other hand were very very tough. It's a shame, a 5 star soup became very disappointing. 

Beef and Tendon Soup w/ noodles (not spicy) my wife's order was the same as my soup. Everything was good except the tendons. My sister in law had the same soup & she had tender tendons. (She got the first bowl) we got ours about 5 minutes after she got hers. I think the tendons were not yet ready. Like my wife said, 10 more minutes of cooking those tendons might have helped, I agree. 

Crispy Chicken Leg Rice. Delicious. The chicken had a five spice rub concoction on it and it was fried perfectly. The rice had some mince pork & sauce on it. Yummy. It also came with half a hard boiled egg and a couple of vegi side dish, both very good as well. This dish was for my son, but me and my wife ended up eating the whole thing, sans the chicken skin which my boy scarfed down. I highly recommend this dish. 

Everyone in our group enjoyed their meal. The kids specially liked the dumplings. 

The hot soup certainly warmed us up at least enough to brave the cold LV night and back to our warm hotel. 
I'll definitely be back
Very hole in the wall place but don't let that scare you away. The place is pretty tiny but there was no wait for lunch on a Sunday. Ordered the beef noodle soup. I'm not a big fan of the tomato like broth so opted out of that by ordering no spice. Soup comes with tons of noodles, meat, bean sprouts, and onions. It was very delicious and big portions! Also ordered the wonton with chili oil. Pretty darn good! Definitely worth a visit!!
Zero star .......   They have really bad service... Wrong order, bad attitude, even worse, no apology for their mistake.....  And their food are horrible x 5....I will never ever come here again
very bad service and give wrong items.i will. never come this restaurant anymore. dont come for your nice vocation.you will get mad
I got the roasted beef noodle soup. The soup was spicy and savory, and there were generous chunks of beef and vegetables. The flavor is quite good; my only complaint is that the noodles are just plain ones, rather than hand-pulled noodles that are chewier and tastier.

3.5 stars
Many Las Vegans have declared that pursuing authentic Taiwanese food in this town is like finding a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow. My ever-growing curiosity in this uniquely ethnic cuisine, as well as guidance from people who are knowledgeable about this food has led me to Noodle Pot. I can say, without a shadow of doubt, that this establishment has superseded  my expectations!

Following a brief stop at the Shavery, I ran into Will (a.k.a. the artist formerly known as SnowFlake), along with a couple of Yelper's, and we decided to go to Noodle Pot. I have driven past this joint many times without thinking twice to stop in. It was a startling revelation to learn that, according to Will, Noodle Pot has some truly legitimate  Taiwanese grub in Vegas. Most notably, I wanted to try the national dish of Taiwan, spicy beef noodle soup.

I admire extraordinary mom-and-pop, hole-in-the-wall resto's, and Noodle Pot fits the bill to a tee. The comfortable yet lively vibe keeps the interaction going. After the server sat us down, we ordered some appetizers along with the spicy beef noodle soup.

Cold Vegetable Appetizer Plate - The first time I ordered this it came with pickled cucumbers and other vegetables, and wheat gluten. The cucumbers were marvelous, with the correct amount of saltiness to harmonize with the sweetness used in the sauce. The wheat gluten was another smash hit. It tasted incredibly akin to a concoction of beef and chicken. 

(Note: Coming here on a separate visit, and ordering this dish again, they had replaced the wheat gluten with soy sauce hard-boiled eggs. I notably did not enjoy them, and I was not too confident to which tree the egg grows on, but that's just me ((hehe)).

Pork and Chive Dumplings - Another sublime feature! The dumpling wrappers tasted hand made, and the filling inside was outstanding with perfectly tender pork matching the bright flavor of the chives. The vinegary soy sauce dip was the icing on the cake.

Beef Roll - My least favorite item, but pretty splendid nonetheless. Slices of beef and cilantro wrapped around a thin crepe. I actually prefer other Chinese versions that use a thicker, flakier scallion pancake in which the inside is coated with hoisin sauce. But, it was delish.

Spicy Beef Noodle Soup - the "Pice de rsistance" to our meal. We opted for the wide noodles instead of the regular noodles (think of it as thicker version of pappardelle). The noodles were perceived as if they were hand made and hand pulled, even though they probably came from a special noodle factory. The broth was nuts! It was packed with beef flavor, but exceptionally delicate. Hints of tomato added depth. Large portions of tender beef dotted the soup. Also, if the server has not brought out the chopped pickled cilantro, ask for it. That combined with the baby bok choy in the soup will give the dish a marvelous variation!

Many have mentioned this before, but I will proclaim it again. CASH ONLY!!! Save the plastic for the surgeon's table! :D

(Another side note: I took my brother here when he visited and at the time they had run out of beef so we opted for the Spicy Beef Tendon Soup. Even though I was fine, my brother returned home and had the hershey squirts for the next few days. The soup comes with a tremendous amount of tendons, so if you are not used to eating lots of offal or weird animal bits, I would be cautious when ordering this version).
What a great place! We came here with 10 people and every dish was spot-on!
worst place I ever been... should have Mc Donalds instead. don't bring your american friends.
If I was only rating based on the  beef noodle stew (which comes in both normal and spicy variety), I would have definitely given this place 5 stars. Only reason I brought it down to four was because the cold dishes we ordered on the side were atrocious. It was so evidently clear that they sat in the fridge for ages that I preferred to leave them untouched. 

The cold dishes came out all stuck together and packed together like an ice cube. It actually took the use of a fork to break it apart because chopsticks were too flimsy for the job. Buuuuuut, the beef noodle stew...

Ahhh the beef noodle stew is exquisite. The amount of spices and herbs they use make this extremely tasty. Get the spicy variety as you will not regret it. Huge, bold flavor packed into one bowl, if you are craving beef noodle stew this is the place to go. The store doesn't have a sign outside so look for a place with a Pig as it's mascot (pig from the story Journey to the West).
My mom was in town so I decided to give this place a try to see how authentic their Taiwanese beef noodle soup is. This place is alright and overpriced for the quality of food and in comparison to other places we've been to. We ordered 4 items to share between the 2 of us since it was our first time here: wonton soup, beef tendon noodle soup, chicken over rice, and a mixed appetizer plate.

Wonton soup: Decent flavor and a good number of wontons were the highlights, but nothing to really rave about. It was tastier than I had expected it to be and for $5.99 I wouldn't mind ordering it again, but again nothing to rave about

Beef tendon noodle soup: Probably the best dish we ordered, although it's a little pricey for 10 bucks IMO. The soup had good flavor, wasn't too spicy and the tendon was chewy and not overcooked. They also gave a pretty generous portion of beef tendon which was surprising

Chicken over rice: This dish was terrible...so dry and overcooked that I barely ate 1 of the 3 pieces of chicken and then boxed the rest up, hoping I would eat it later...we'll see. The chicken is fried and they over over fried this thing...it's so dry, a bag of chips has more moisture than it! Very disappointing to get this dish after dealing with an incident with someone else getting our order (more on that below). $7.99 for this entree is a rip when you compare it to the other ones in our order that were actually edible.

Mixed appetizer plate: Forgot what this dish is actually called but it was a mix of beancurd, beef tripe or tendon (not entirely sure) in some kind of chili oil. It was good but man $6.95 is highway robbery for a dish of this size...but I think it's pretty common pricing in Vegas....miss all the reasonably priced appetizers and entrees in Texas!

Our order all arrived separately throughout our meal and on 4 different occassions. While we were still waiting on the chicken over rice, we heard the table next to us complain about receiving the wrong order. Apparently he had received our chicken dish instead of his pork chop dish since they delivered it to the wrong table...problem is, he had already touched and dug his chopsticks into the food although he hadn't actually eaten it...The waitress looked at us and asked if it was ok to re-serve this plate to us! WTF, ARE YOU SERIOUS?! First of all, I'm sure there some kind of health regulation against this, but if not, it's just downright gross! We told them hell no and that if they did it'd be wrong. So they took the dish back to the kitchen and said they'd bring us a new one. After discussing amongst ourselves we decided to go up and tell them that they could cancel that item off our order because we didn't want it since we were suspicious that they were going to re-serve us the entree. They told us that they would never to such a thing and that they were working on making a new one. Problem is, once they took it to the back we couldn't see what happened to it and for all we know they just re-served it to us. It was a terrible dish anyways in the end which made it even more disappointing.

Not sure if I'll come back in the future, but the only thing really worth getting here is their beef noodle soup. As you can tell, service is terrible here but it's a traditional Asian owned restaurant so what can you expect? They're CASH ONLY as well so be sure to have some paper on you to cover the tab at the end.
YUM!  Tasty beef noodle soup!  Delicious wonton in chili sauce!  Everything else here kinda sucks but really why explore a menu when you have found gold?
We had beef stew noodle soup, spicy and tasty, different than pho or Chinese noodle soup.  The beef pancake is good too, they were delicious.  The price is around $8 and $9.  The portion is good. The service is fast.  A small place but good noodle soup, we would come back again.
This restaurant is on of the best that I've had. I am now a active goer to this place! They're beef noodle soup is one of the best things on menu. Also they're portions are very generous and they really work to become an aspiring business. Even though they get busy, they serve you and get you so they can keep running. They don't wanna keep people waiting for their food. Sometimes when they aren't busy, you may see the owner just sitting there reading. As a boss he still helps and is really social. I love this place.
I've lived in and traveled around China long enough to have developed a deep craving for beef noodle soup, and this place hits the spot. Amazingly delicious food can be found in the skeeziest looking shops over there. Most places, families live in the same run down shack as their "restaurant"; so you'll often find the owners' socks and undies drying in the bathroom. You'll be faced with a few basic tables with creaky little stools, a menu board on the wall, and not much else. It takes some getting used to, but I've now come to associate the dumpiest looking shacks with the promise of the most soulfoul food. Noodle Pot is not terribly dumpy, but it does have that basic noodle hut vibe. It's tiny and simple. The menu offerings are narrow. And the soup is hearty and plentiful. Eight bucks will get you a very substantial bowl of tender beef and noodles with the ubiquitous bok choy. Make sure to doctor it up with plenty of whatever is in the jars and bottles on the table (most likely dark vinegar, soy sauce, and chili paste). Then say so long, tuck in and disappear. The flavors are deep and satisfying, right on the money. One senses that many hours have gone into the rich broth and meltingly tender beef. The noodles don't appear to be hand made, as they lack the characteristic tenderness and touthsomeness. These are fine, but they don't make the dish which is all about the beef and the broth. Rather disappointing was the cold cucumber dish I ordered. In China the crushed cucumber dish is about as standard a way to begin a meal as the bread basket is in the west. Over there you will get fresh chunks of crunchy cukes dressed lightly with rice vinegar, and often accompanied by peanuts. Cold, crunchy, salty, a bit of sour--it's a freakishly addictive way to begin a meal. The one I received at Noodle Pot was a sad, pale version of the standard. The cucumbers were soft and wilted, with almost no crunch or flavor. They had clearly sat too long and should not have been served. 

Service is a non-issue in a joint like this. The gals take your order, bring your food and largely ignore you unless you flag them down. This is the norm in China, where you have to shout at the servers to get their attention. It isn't considered rude for them to ignore you, or for you to holler across the room at them. It's all business here; you come in, sit down, order your dishes, and start slurping. The evening I came in plenty of folks were crowded around the tables, hunched over, slurping away. It's exactly how it should be in place like this, and its why I'll be back.
best place in town for beef noodle soup, pass on the beef wrap beef was tough
Ate noodles and loved it. Not so expensive for a big bowl of noodles. Place is fast to deliver. OH OH OH FYI! FYI! Please look around where your going to sit. I did NOT pay attention where the FUCK i was going to sit and just sat down... I sat down next to this most ANNOYING, ANNOYING customers that did not Shut the F!!! up during the whole time I was eating. Omg!!!!!!!!!!! It was this blasted God knows what side of America they came out of and how the hell they ended up at the same place at the same time I was there eating... but they were absolutly annoying!

  I have no clue how many times they said, "OH this is so good, this is so yummy, this is soo gooey" and when they would slurp there noodles, they would make that sound that fat people would make. You know that sound that sounds like they are having sex with the food? So disgusting. It's like this, "Ohhh...!!! Ummmohhhh! Auhmmm!!! Yes....! So good!!! OHHH!!!" (I was pissed writing the first part but now I am busting out laughing when I wrote those sounds hahahahaha)

  Yeah and to make things a little bad I was sitting next to another pair, which came later after me so not my fault. Who did not stop making those nasty snorkling noises like they had mucus stuck in their throat.

  Okay back to the topic at hand. It does give you an atmosphere like they just want your money. I feel as if they only want the big crowd of people eating there. But if you want to eat here, come when its dead and you won't feel that your being rushed. No weekend is what I mean. Like a Tuesday, or Wednesday. Cause if you go like me on a Sunday you will get these two groups like I did. You don't want that! BELIEVE ME!
  aHH Yeah the soup. Its good kinda typical, just a nice pit stop so dont expect anything amazing. Thats unless you've never tried noodles then you will be tricked to believe you are eating something spectacular. It's a small place.
I'll just say this right off the bat - I can't eat the famous beef noodle soup because I can't chew fat and cartilage without being grossed out. The beef itself aside - I actually like the broth and the noodles. Apparently, so do a lot of other more qualified people to get an opinion from. Just scroll around!

I'm told they make their own noodles here. They make their own wrappers as well for things like wontons. I can safely say, having had their noodles many times now - they are done right. But my favorite has to be their wontons in chili oil. I can eat these forever. They are the perfect thickness in wrapper, perfect flavor in the meat, and the right amount of broth and juice left over from the cooking process. The chili oil is the icing on this savory cake. Ok ok, wontons aside...

- Their small appetizer dish of porous tofu in sesame oil is always a favorite of mine.
- Their dan dan noodles are extremely light in taste, swimming in a watery peanut sort of sauce. I prefer this to be thicker and more flavorful but I know Taiwanese food tends to be on the blander/milder side of the flavor spectrum.

Service is about what you can expect from Chinatown. This is yet another hole in the wall. You know how it is if you've been pretty much anywhere else on this block. Lastly, and this is important... cash only!
After talking to Michael K about my previous negative and less than impressed experience here, we decided to come back so I could give it another try. Remembering that the chicken rice dishes here are trash I went with a beef tendon noodle soup, Mike went with beef noodle soup, and we shared an order of wontons in chili oil. Judging by the items ordered, I can say that this place is authentic, as their noodle soups are served simiarly to what you would find in Taiwan.

The beef tendon noodle soup ($8.99) was tasty, with a generous amount of tendon which is the best part! The broth itself was flavorful even though I asked them to make it less spicy for me. They have a spicy and non-spicy version of this dish by the way, so you can also get it mild. The noodles and tendon were soft, very tender and perfectly cooked. I would come back just for this soup alone.

The wontons in chili oil ($6.50) was also an impressive dish, and it too was served the traditional way. The chili oil gave the wontons a nice oily flavor but wasn't too overpowering or spicy by any means. The wontons were thin with a decent amount of pork wrapped inside.

The service here was a lot better than the last time around and our order was correct with no issues whatsoever. It was interesting that we were the only ones here at noon and then all of a sudden the place exploded and a huge rush of several different parties came in at the same time. This place is pretty solid for their authentic noodle soups, but that's all I would recommend here as an entree.
This restaurant is very average compared to what others available in Las Vegas. But before I rate and compare their foods to other similar restaurants, I like to point out one thing that is VERY UNPLEASANT. IF YOU ARE NOT A MANDARIN SPEAKING CHINESE, YOU ARE GOING TO GET SECOND RATE SERVICE. AND, THE SERVICE OVERALL IS BELOW AVERAGE FOR RESTAURANTS LIKE THIS TO START WITH. Sad to see this. We spoke English to the waitress and was seated. At least 4 groups came in after us. They ALL spoke Mandarin and were handed manus and served tea quickly. We waited and waved at the waitress to get attention. She brought us the menu and then the tea. The waitress then proceeded to take orders and served the foods to the 4 groups came in after us. Again, I waved for the waitress and she came and took my orders. CAME IN FIRST AND SERVED 5TH, NOT RIGHT !

The foods are pretty standard Taiwanese food and can be compared to other similar restaurants easily, like China Mama, Taiwan Deli, or the now closed Taiwan Kitchen, just to name a few. The beef roll was greasy, the jar jong mien was tasteless, the spicy beef was tough, and the beef brisket noodle was bland. It only deserve 2 stars and no more. Their location is in the Chinatown Plaza so it is a tourists trap. Locals beware.
This place here is seriously a hole in the wall Chinese and Taiwanese restaurant! They have the best authentic beef noodle soup you can find in Las Vegas. It's amazing. Also you can ask for a side of noodles for $1 if you're still hungry and have left over soup left. 

Downside: cash only!
Not a bad Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup...

From yelping around in Las Vegas, looking for a place that was still open late night, and targeting restaurants that had noodles...this establishment was the one that I chose for our intoxicated food adventure.

I was lured to this location not only because of the high ratings, but because of their advertisement of hand-made noodles.

The noodles were guud, indeed, they were very guud (especially because of the inebriation factor). The soup was flavorful and not very oily. The prices were very fair and the location is open till midnight. Service was very quick and pleasant.

Im usually a PHO-type of guy when it comes to drunk munchies, but after eating here, this place isnt a bad substitute.

RECOMMENDED!

UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
Super mom and pop shop, located in the huge Asian complex.  I ordered the beef and tendon noodle soup and it came out soooo quickly, I want to say it was under 5 minutes! 

Service was pretty good considering there were basically only two girls serving all the tables and there was one table of guys that were just being absolutely rude and demanding.  Definitely tipped them a bit more just for having to put up with those idiots. 

If you're into beef noodle soup, great place to come, they do have little side dishes that you can order as well, I think I might have to come back and try the wontons in chili oil, i keep reading about all the rave! :)
I almost missed this spot because I didn't see any English language sign but I am glad I persevered.  The server was helpful and of course I knew what I wanted beforehand.  The spicy beef with beef tendon was filled with fresh chewy homemade noodles and an earthy broth. I added additional chili sauce but it was spiced right for most palates. A nice change from the Strip.
Probably one of the best spicy beef noodle soup shops I've been to.  The broth is really good!  None of that soy sauce laden msg stuff.  Noodles are chewy.  Delicious!  Hits the spot.  

The space is small but they were able to put tables together for our giant group of 16.  Service is really fast.  Cash only.
I was craving noodles and decided to check this place out. The Noodle Pot is a small sit down place in Asia town specializing in more Taiwanese style of dishes. (I'm still trying my best to identify differences between Dishes with Chinese influence.)

I ordered the beef and tendon stew noodle bowel. Also, I believe this was the most popular dish on the menu. (Note: Read the menu carefully and you'll notice the differences between the dishes that look similar.) When served, eat immediately in order enjoy the initial heat of the dish. Don't forget to eat the tendon. It's full of flavor and looks like a piece of fat if you are new to eating this type of dish. There's baby bok choy cabbage in there and some pickles as well to balance all the meat and noodle in the dish. I also try the mini dumplings. Spicy and tasty if you need a side dish.
This place was great!  So glad my friend chose it. 
It is very small and you can only pay in cash!!  It's pretty good prices, so you don't need too much. 
When we first walked in, it was super crowded. Every seat taken and a line out the door. However, the line moved pretty quick and by the time we got to the front, a table had cleared.  
My friend had been many times so he suggested their famed Spicy Beef Noodle Stew. Another person ordered the one with tendons too, so I joined in this adventure and got the Spicy Beef and Tendon Stew. 
Glad I did...it was delicious. Although my novice side showed, because when I eat these soups with noodles, I splatter juices all over me, the people at my table, and 3 tables over. :P
Since I had somewhere to be afterwards and know of my rookie noodle eating skills, I was smart enough to wear a napkin bib. No, I didn't look like a tool at all. LOL! 
Anyway, my friend also ordered the wontons in chili oil and they were delicious too!
Definitely will be back with an old T-shirt or bib in hand!
Yum!
It was July 4 weekend and we've been fighting thru traffic on the road for 5 hours. When we got to our destination it was more than 100 degrees outside. Although it was freakin hot, I was really craving for some noodle soup. I found this place through yelp. I was disappointed. I ordered the beef noodle stew. Beef was tender and the noodle was pretty good, but there's no flavor in the soup. The broth was plain salty. There was no flavor. I needed to drink plenty of water just to dilute the amount of salt I have just taken into my body. I probably would come back to try a different dish though. Service was good and just like the majority of restaurants in Chinatown CASH only.
Tien Wong, Johnny Chu's latest restaurant creation is now opened.  Housed in the former location of the Citrus Cafe, the interior has been completely redone with a hip open vibe.  Each table is set up for for the focus cuisine, Asian Hot Pot.  This is the perfect food for the cool winter nights in Phoenix.  Hot Pot is the perfect communal food, you select from several different broth options including a vegetarian option then select the vegetables, noodles, tofu, and meat or seafood that you want.  We had the ying-yang broth.  The pot is divided into two sides, one with a red spicy broth and the other side with a more mainstream broth for those not keen on a little heat.  With a broad range of choices, you can pick any number of items to add to the broth.

For those not familiar with hot pot, they provide a simple step-by-step guide to aid guests navigating the hot pot.  Service was prompt and helpful and the food quality and range of options was great and having a vegetarian option was a nice surprise.  The dipping sauces on the side were a nice complement to hot pot and worked equally well with the vegetables and proteins that we picked.  I am not sure why Chandler is such an epicenter of Asian food in Phoenix, but Tien Wong brings a new and fun option in the neighborhood.
We heard about this place on Yelp, so being big fans of hot pot, we headed down to Chandler to check it out.

The first thing that strikes you walking in is the very pleasant atmosphere.  It feels more like a chill-out lounge than a Chinese restaurant, with nice colored mood lighting and some mid-period Bjork on the sound system.  This is much nicer than the typical Chandler ethnic restaurant and more of a "date place."

You are given a small paper menu (like a sushi menu) to tick off your selections on.  You pick the type of liquid that you'd like (we opted for the Yin Yang) and then you select your ingredients.

We had Tong-O (a peppery green), pea shoots, oysters, several kinds of mushrooms, shrimp, bean curd skin, pork blood, rib eye, beef tongue and firm tofu.  Everything was quite delicious.

Service was excellent and attentive and the owner stopped by at least three times to make sure we were happy.

We really liked the place and will definitely be back.  My only criticism would be that the portions were a bit skimpy for the price.  I would suggest either increasing the portion size or decreasing the price. 

Our beef tongue order, for example, consisted of two paper thin slices of beef tongue, basically one bite, for four dollars.  That's a bit light, particularly for an offal product.  An order of soba noodles is less than one cup, which just seems a bit silly.  

It ends up working out to $20 per person for a very light meal and that's a bit steep for Chandler.  But since they've only been open for 16 days, I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt on the portion issue.

Dinner for three with no alcohol was $60 including tip.
I consider myself a sort of hot pot connoisseur - I grew up having hot pot at home a few times a year and I've tried hot pot places around Asia and LA, where I'm from. 

As the only hot pot place around (that we could find, at least), Tien Wong is really good. The meat and vegetables were really fresh and clean, which is probably the most important thing about hot pot. We opted with the Japanese Miso soup base because we don't really like the herby stuff they put in the House soup base. If you go, remember to request for the sacha or satay sauce. Sacha sauce is a staple of hot pot in Hong Kong and Taiwan. The sauce Tien Wong gives you is like a sweet soy sauce with cilantro and green onions plus a peanut sauce, but their sacha is REALLY good - better than the ones I've bought at the supermarket. Makes hot pot that much more enjoyable!

My favorite part after eating hot pot is drinking the flavorful soup afterwards. It's piping hot and has all the flavors of all the meat juice and veggies in it. I can drink the whole pot, really. After our meal, they gave us this cool sugar cane (I think) drink. It was kind of bland, but it really cools off your stomach and balances out your qi. 

Service was fast and helpful, probably because they're a little over-staffed. The ambiance is rather fancy, I think, for a hot pot place, but it's really nicely decorated. The place is dim, so it's a little bit romantic, but each table is well-lit, so you can see if your food is properly cooked. 

The only gripe I have about this place is that it is WAY too overpriced. Hot pot should be pretty inexpensive, and the places I usually go to give you good portions for pretty cheap prices. At Tien Wong, the portions are pretty dainty and they charge a lot for them. It's fine, though, because they sort of have a hot pot monopoly. But that's the only thing that's keeping me from going back. :(

Oh, and they don't open until 3:00 every day so don't try to go for lunch!
first, the highlights:

very nice and attentive staff.  my water and tea never went empty.  they refilled my sauces many times without being annoyed.  they replenished our broth after it reduced a little too much for hot pot.

the decor is nice.  very trendy but not ridiculously so.  the muted colors and wood tables with spot lighting really enhanced the feeling that gives hot pot its entertainment appeal: the food is the show. 

really nice bathrooms.  i know that this is a weird thing to discuss but, a nice bathroom really helps to make you feel comfortable wherever you are.  a nasty bathroom can make you lose your appetite and will muddy your outlook on the entire experience at a restaurant.  but no need to worry about that here.  

presentation of the food was lovely.  the crisp and clean veggies were generously piled high.  the sliced meats were rolled which, not only looked nice, but keeps the individual pieces from sticking to each other as well as making it easier to grasp one piece at a time.  the plates and bowls used were modern and simple.  

so, why only 2 stars?  well...

smell.  although the restaurant LOOKS really pleasing, they do not have enough ventilation in place to handle the copious vapors emanating from all the hot pots in action.  end result = smells like dirty cat litter.  or, garbage?  i can't quite place the smell but it's really off-putting, making everything you eat taste like a hint of...  whatever it is.   

cost.  hot pot costs pennies to make.  they inflated the prices SO much that i could not bear to enjoy my meal.  $2 for a TINY bowl of rice?!  not even your typically-sized rice bowl, but a mini-version of that for $2!!!  insane.  the protein selections are also portioned for infants but priced for their rich parents.  the whole time i was staring at the menu, all i could think was, "i could get all these things at the market for a fraction of the price!"          

so what did i do?  i went to mekong plaza and bought an electric burner for $15.  then, i bought veggies and sliced meats for a total of $15.  i went home, made a pot of rice, some sauces, and a soup base.  then i put the pot of soup base on the little electric burner on the dining table.  TADA!  hotpot at home for me, my husband and my brother for $15 startup costs and $15 consumables.  by the way, my husband and brother eat like animals.  and we STILL had leftovers.  wow.  

so thank you Tien Wong, for pissing me off to the point of making hot pot myself and discovering that it's much cheaper and easier to do at home than i realized.  all this talk about hot pot makes me want to eat it for dinner tonight.  and i will...  AT HOME!!!
I had been wanting to check this place out ever since it opened, and since the temperature outside was perfect for it the wife and I met some friends and tried it out together. All four of us had a hankering for shabu shabu so we were eager to see if Tien Wong could satisfy.

While shabu shabu is Japanese and this is a Chinese hot pot place, there are some similarities as far as what you get to cook. We opted for the yin-yang broth, one side being spicy and the other a little sweet. We also ordered shrimp, some bitter Chinese greens, baby bok choy, beef tendon, a variety of mushrooms, some noodles, etc. There is even shabu shabu style beef on the menu. Even though we expected a giant plate full as we've been accustomed to, instead we got a small plate of little frozen rolls.

All in all, the crisp freshness of all the ingredients combined with the flavorful broth made for an excellent meal. I can definitely see me getting a craving for hot pot much like i do for pho, or even my beloved shabu shabu. The staff were quick with recommendations and never left us hanging, and the atmosphere made for a great dining experience.

Tien Wong is much like the Melting Pot (i even think those are the same kinda burners on the tables) but with of course the Asian hot pot instead of the fondue styling. So, while it's immediately healthier for you (no cheese or chocolate) the prices are about the same. However, the price seems much more justified when everything is so FR-FR-FRESH and the staff is so attentive!
Best hot pot in Chandler... well, that doesn't say much as there's only one Asian hot pot restaurant in Chandler.

Make no mistake about it, the portions are small. To feed a group of four adults, you are looking at to pay at least $60 to $80 for the total bill (if you order lots of meats). DO NOT order the rice for $2. Get the shabu shabu beef ($5), much tender and fatty vs the rib-eye ($4) slices.

Two things I like about this place: the soup base and the freshness of the meat. Sure, you can buy rib-eye slices from Lee Lee or Mekong for a lot cheaper, but they are not fresh and the quality is not as good as Tien Wong's. Besides, can you even buy Wagyu slices at Lee Lee/Mekong? 

The other part of the equation for a good hot pot is the soup base. Unless you're an experienced chef who knows how to mix/create a hot pot soup base, the packaged soup base mix you can buy at Lee Lee/Mekong is not even comparable to what you're getting at Tien Wong.

Recently, we just had a home-made hot pot, with ingredients/soup base bought from Mekong. It cost no more than $25 total and we had some leftovers. Yet, once in a while, we still visit Tien Wong. We come for the quality, not quantity.
Ok...I waited a while to write a review about this place because I wanted to at least get two visits under my belt before I make any praises or judgements....and the verdict is...da da the da da..well you already know what it is!  Since this is the only restaurant specializing in hot pot here in Phoenix/Chandler, maybe all of Arizona, there really is no other place I can compare it to.  So I gotta compare it to the hot pot/shabu shabu restaurants I have visited in L.A, San Gabriel, etc.
Compared to the other places I have been, this place tops the list!  The soup broths that they offer are very unique to different asian regions.  I had the Ying Yang which is half non spicy traditional chinese herbal broth and half traditional Taiwanese Ma La Spicy herbal broth.  Sometimes these other place would make the Ma La broth not edible because there is too much of the numbing spice, but here they make it just right.  They also did not skimp on the herbs used in the broth...very flavorful.  THey also offer all their broths vegetarian.  The second time I was there I tried the spicy Lemongras veggie style and is was also very good.
So, Tien got the broth down, but what about their menu items?  Three words...Fresh and Top Quality.
All the veggies and mushrooms I ordered were very fresh.  This is important because with Hot pot/Shabu Shabu there is no hiding bad or poor quality items.  THe meat selection was also cut perfectly and of top quality...comparable to the top Shabu restaurants I have been to in Cali.
I ordered the Shabu beef, lamb, and beef tongue.  the shabu was so tender, it basically melted in my mouth!
In addition, the udon I had was also very good and so was everything else I had the two time I was there.
Everything here is a la carte, so you can always get something different with each visit.
All in all, I will be back again, and again, and again...keep up the quality and the service and I am sure this place will gain the popularity it deserves!!
"Best Hot Pot" in AZ - Great service and good music.  Most enjoyable
3 years ago Chef Johnny Chu set out to bring a hot pot restaurant to the Valley of the Sun. If you're unfamiliar with Chef Chu he's the proprietor of the hip and popular downtown Phoenix Asian tapas joint Sens. Now his dream is realized with the opening of Tien Wong Hot Pot. 

Surprisingly his new restaurant isn't even located in downtown Phoenix, but in the city of Chandler. After talking with Chef Chu on my last visit he explained to me that this location was selected to prove out his concept, in an Asian neighborhood. Low rent and a discerning customer base, he can make all the necessary tweaks for success and will hopefully bring Tien Wong to downtown in the future.

For many the whole hot pot experience might be foreign since many of us are used to having our food cooked for us, forget that. The idea of hot pot while romantic and interactive, is all about you cooking various meats and vegetables in hot pots filled with flavored broths. Each table is equipped with a high powered induction burner where you hot pot is placed, and then you order as many different raw meats, seafood, vegetables and noodles as you desire. 

Once our order started showing up I become overwhelmed and confused, where do you start? What are the cooking times? What do I do? Before allowing my head to explode, I simply took a breather and one of the helpful staff to my aid. In my calamity I didn't notice the helpful hints on the welcome card. However it goes something like this, the broth boils, you drop in the thinly sliced meats, pull out, dip into one of 2 sauces, sesame and soy, then eat, easy. After only a few minutes of practice it all came together into a well crafted experience that's designed for socializing, romance and lingering. 

If you have difficulty choosing your broth, opt for the Ying Yang Broth ($5.95) which includes both the house original herbal broth and the house spicy broth with the later being the most complex of the flavors I've tried. Starting with pork stock, the addition of dried dates, ginseng, Schezuan peppercorns and dried chiles give the base heat and depth. Over the course of your evening the broth evaporates with cooking which adds to the intensity and enjoyment.

Not to be confused with the tips of peas, Pea Tips ($4) actually are the leaves and stems surrounding the pea itself. The tips cook fast and have both crunchy and tender qualities that taste so good either cooked or raw. By contrast the Korean Pumpkin ($3) takes longer to cook but the payoff is so tender you can even eat the thin skin.

Noodles include springy Udon ($3) as well as a Flat Rice Noodle ($3) which resemble chewy flat pieces of rice than a noodle in the traditional sense. Both cook up in a hurry and their absorbent properties are capable for taking in so much flavor. 

Sliced Wagyu Beef ($8) comes from one of the best breeds of cattle in the world. So its no surprise that the meat was flavorful and tender. Add an order of Lobster ($9), if available, for a surf and turf combo. Names aren't always accurate descriptions, take Sliced Black Pork ($4) which isn't black at all, the name refers to the pigs breed since it has black hair and skin. It's super tender and flavorful only taking a few seconds to cook thanks to expert slicing. 

Desserts feature 2 different kind of cheesecake, Strawberry ($6) and Green Tea ($6), both were light and satisfying, the perfect ending to Chef Chu's dream.
My dreams have come true....finally a GOOD hot pot place in the Phoenix area!! (Shabu shabu in chandler is just plain crappy) When my parents dragged me to this place, I thought it would be another Asian hole in the wall place with unimpressive decor and ok to good food for cheap (you know Asian parents). Driving up to the location didn't help my expectations either - Tien Wong being located behind a cheap Chinese food buffet in a dimly lit plaza. I was so surprised!!

The place is so chic - some place I would love to take my friends that might be intimidated by Asian food. As for the food - also very delicious! We ordered the herbal house broth. We asked the waitress how spicy the spicy broths were and she described it as "on a scale of 1-10, it's an 11". So enter at your own risk! (we also asked a table next to us how spicy it was...they said incredibly spicy) If you want to take a taste, you can try to order the ying yang broth (half and half). I incredibly enjoyed the herbal broth and it brought out what I love most about Asian food - a medley of complex yet delicate flavors and numerous spices. In your broth, you have a series of aromatic spices such as anise, along with some flavors you would see in Asian desserts - such an aesthetically pleasing and interesting mixture that goes very well. The unfortunate thing is a lot of the flavors are diluted when they refill your broth with a general broth from a pitcher (given to all tables).

Now what to order...I highly recommend beef tongue. I've had it several places, but this is the first time I've seen it in the Phoenix area and quite delicious here, too! Beef tongue is one of those things that sound like you would never think to be good, but then you fall in love with it. It's very easy to eat! I also enjoyed the shabu shabu beef and ribeye. For noodles, you MUST get the udon. I'm pretty sure there's not too many people out there that don't love udon, and it goes especially well with hot pot. I also recommend the 5 spiced tofu...I seriously need to know how to flavor my friend tofu like this...and the fried mushroom tofu. For those unfamiliar with Asian food, for veggies I recommend bok choy, enoki mushrooms, and white mushrooms. For dessert, the green tea cheesecake was very nice to end on, although nothing to be wowed by.

What's best about this place? $5 for unlimited broth. Each place ~$5 of less for a very good portion. It was $18 per person for a 4 person that included 2 desserts (green tea cheese cake and strawberry cheesecake...$6 per place i believe). They also give you sugar cane drinks after you pay your bill! All in all, delicious, fun, clean and chic hot pot place. Great for groups, although I'm not sure if it's good for 2 people just because the portions are large so you could really only order 2-3 items. Will be taking my friends here, but this time for some Sapporo to go along, too!
Heaven....that is the only way to describe Tien Wong Hot Pot. I have never written a review before, but had to after eating here last week. Hubby and I moved to AZ a few years back from CA, and the thing we missed most were our nights out for Shabu. When I discovered this place via Localdines, we knew we had to try it. After our meal, I wanted to jump out of my chair and hug Chef Johnny Chu!! He visited each table that night making sure everyone was enjoying the experience. I have been dreaming of the beef tongue, wagyu beef, razor clams....and well, everything... ever since! I was so happy to see a long line forming as we were leaving. I want this place to stick around!!
Disclaimer: This rating is exclusively based on a very brief experience at Hot Pot, none of it food related.  

We walked in around 8ish on Saturday night and saw 3 open tables (two 4 top, and an 8 top which was 2 tables slid together).  But, there was a couple sitting down waiting for something.  A server came over, asked if we wanted a table.  She must read minds, we said yes.  She looked around, saw the 16 open seats and said... "want to wait 20 minutes?".  I was completely caught off guard with that line of questioning.  This place maybe had 20-25 people eating, that is 30-40% of the place was open yet there is a 20 minute wait.  The obvious answer was no.

There was no markings on any of the tables signifying reserved, and she didn't claim that they were.  1 of the 4 tops needed to be bussed but there wasn't any rush for them to get that done, and we weren't offered to wait a few minutes to get that table ready.  

I wanted to try this place after reading about it in New Times but there is something about atrocious service/communication that sours me on places.  That and apparently we would need the place to be at less than half capacity to get seated.
I literally couldn't say enough good things about Tien Wong. It succeeds in almost every way except possibly locale. But it also represents a successful culmination of all of Johnny's previous efforts. 
The food is a score- its almost impossible to make this meal unhealthy, and yet, it is packed with flavor. You could tailor this meal to fit almost any palate, from the adventurous to the timid tongue. My experiences over 2 visits remind me much of the experience will depend on who you attend with. I found the range of ingredients to add to be phenomenal, including housemade tofu, a range of asian greens, and a huge variety of meats. I'm a tough critic of seafood in the desert, but the mussels, on both visits, were top notch. The fish balls were equally good.  Definites on any trip should include enoki mushrooms, quail eggs, almost any of the beef (though we loved the black pork, too) and the tofu. having tried the Yin Yang, we were disappointed in the blandness of the yin vs the ridiculousness of the yang hotness... much of the meal was spent trying to blend the two to the right proportions. I preferred the lemongrass, and would love to try the curry or miso. Frankly, I'd love them to trust us enough to use the split pot on any two broths we like (not an option- they're scared guests would mix two broths that wouldn't work together, so they control the experience this way). 
Be forewarned, any of the spicy soups just get spicier as time goes on....  Really hope that Johnny focuses on these small, authentic spots, rather than expansion, crazy upscale spots, etc.
After my third trip to Tien Wong, I thought it was time to write the raving review it so obviously deserves, even despite the fact that they do not serve alcohol!

Hot Pot is basically fondue with a soup broth instead of cheese. It is an absolutely amazing concept and is a great group or date event. It is a blast to go through and pick different veggies and tofu (they have meat and fish as well) and try new things you never would have tried under normal circumstances.

I have really grown to love the greens, Tang O, taro root, the five spice tofu, and the iced tofu. They have probably 5-6 kinds of mushrooms, bock choy, spinach, four or five types of noodles, dumplings, and somehow like 4-5 different types of tofu! It is amazing! You also get a peanut and a soy dipping sauce, but I think the flavor of the vegetables drenched in miso is amazing without any sauce!

I saw someone complain about the price here on Yelp, but we had dinner last night for 4 with a hot tea and a dessert for $50.00 total. We had 4 different dishes of tofu and 7 different kinds of vegetables in our huge pot of miso broth so that we could try our a variety. Every single one of us was stuffed and remained full throughout the rest of the night. I think it is a great value. 

People who don't normally eat vegetables or Asian enjoy the fun experience, and enjoy being able to try something they normally wouldn't. Also a great place to take a group of people so that you can all try something a little different.
Asian Fondue...AMAZING!  

Decor was simple yet elegant.  Service was exceptionally helpful and attentive.  Simple items and preparation that capture the true essence and flavor of the food.  

Perfect "hot (s)pot"  for a non-rushed, enjoyable night of dining and enjoying company.

A keeper.
This place is fairly new and the decor shows how clean it is.  But it doesn't give me the HotPot vibe.  It  was pretty empty when I went there for dinner and it's a Southeast Asian decor.  And I thought Hot Pot is mainly a Chinese thing.  

I had the Ying Yang pot (spicy and plain on the two sides of the pot).  The pork broth produces a strong flavor for the soup.  All the spices in the two sides made the base very strong and flavorful.  Actually it almost seemed a bit too heavy for my taste. And the spicy side is very spicy (at least to me).  For the additional sauces they had their own version of soy sauce and a peanut sauce.  It was a bit sweet for my taste, so I didn't use it that much.  But the meat and vegetables dipped in the broth was definitely enough for flavor.  The napa especially soaked up the spicy broth very nicely.  I like drinking the broth after the meal to relax my stomach, but the strong broth is more like a starter soup instead of an ending soup.

We had the shabu beef and lamb.  They were sliced thinly, but the meat just didn't seem as tender as I would like it.  And the portions were very very small.  The presentation/dishes were very nice, but the food quality just isn't there.

If you like strong broth flavors, then you can try this place.  But honestly, as far as Hot Pot goes, this place is very expensive with very little portions.  For the price we paid, we could have gone to Texas Roadhouse for a prime rib.  The food provided is about average as well.  If you can't travel to California and you have a craving Hot Pot, then I guess this is the only alternative.  But it may be better and cheaper if you just set it up at home.
My wife and I heard this restaurant from Arizona Republic and we decided to come and check out the place. The owner really helped us choose the best food in the house. The place is so clean and we were very satisfied by the service.
This place is AWESOME! 
I went here with my family for my birthday dinner last night, and I could not have chosen a better place. I've been dying to eat here ever since the New Times published an article about it a month or so ago. 
First off, the concept is great for families. The tables all have special stoves built into them where big pots are placed and you essentially cook your own soup. A lot of the menu items are in Korean [forgive me if I'm wrong on that] but the waiters are excellent at explaining that the different items are and what goes together well. 

The choices of meats, sea food, veggies, and other add-ins are nearly endless. My family of 5 got an order of wagyu beef, two orders of shabu-shabu beef, chilean sea bass, halibut, three orders of udon noodles, an order of some egg noodle [the waiter suggested it, but I can't remember what it's called!] spinach, enoki mushrooms, house-made Iced tofu and dumplings. We ordered the ying-yang broth and the Thai style spicy peanut broth [I'm not sure what this was called]. 

Next time I go [as there will defintely be many more visits here] I want to try the quail eggs! The house-made Iced tofu is a must try, it's the most delicious tofu I've ever had and has a unique firm texture. 

 Our order totaled about $85, which to me is pretty reasonable considering the freshness of our food and the speed of our service. The waiters constantly come around refilling your pot with fresh broth, so you can keep cooking until all the ingredients ordered are used up!

The cuts of beef cooked the fastest, about 10 seconds. Spinach takes about 30 seconds to a minute. Noodles took several minutes. The bass we ordered took several minutes, but you spend a lot of time fishing out what's already cooked so it's not a big deal. There's defintely a learning curve to cooking here. 

What's great is that if you cook in small portions, so if you decide you don't like something, you can try a different combination of ingredients. 

I highly suggest choosing the ying-yang broth if you can't decide on a broth, as you get both a basic  $1 ramen-esque broth [they add all kinds of interesting seasonings though, so its delicious!] and the super spicy Hong-Kong style broth. Plus, it satisfies everyone's preferred spicyness level, which can be a huge issue at the dinner table in my family. 

The waiters constantly came around checking to make sure everything was okay and answer any questions. They were so helpful! I'm not sure, but I believe the owner came by our table several times checking on everything. 

I would highly recommend this place to anyone, as we had a fabulous time and some great food.
I went to this place for the first time with my friends. The place is mixed between modern and classic. It remind me of the 'Bo Ca 7 Mon' restaurant which is closed. The mirrors are kind of creep me a bit. We are seated. The restaurant have no one there. My friend know a lot about hotpot so I let her order. She order two pot: one spicy and one not spicy. The food is pleasant and the atmosphere is nice. The staff is friendly. I like the thinly slice beef. I am not the one who payed so I can't complain about the price. Everything is good why four star?

The egg is the one that tip me off. I know the shell is show the freshness of the egg but if you want the customer to crack the cooked egg by themselves, give them a bowl of water or something. The eggs are hot and I feel bad for my friend who burn his hand while cracking it.

The staff doesn't refill anything unless we ask for it. They rarely check on us. And when we want to pay, we have to wait as well. Guess they don't want money.

The green tea cheese cake is weird for me. A mixed between cheese and tea not a good idea. And I don't even know what is the black thing they put on. Decoration or sauce of the cake. They don't mixed really well.

Otherwise, I will come back here to eat again. Maybe this time I will order the food.
Great place to go on a date.
This place was awesome, the base for the soup were awesome. We got the combination and of hot and regular. The hot was a little too hot for me but  I guess I could have asked for it mild to begin with. The meat was soooo good, the shrimp puffs were amazing. We could not go wrong with the veggies and the mushrooms. The green tea cheesecake was very good too. The service was very attentive. I feel sad that the place was not busy but I kind of understand it with the weather being so hot, hot soup is not what one craves, but once we were inside, the place is cool and the food which is the most important thing was excellent.
This is the only Hot Pot spot in AZ that I know of. The food is excellent along with the service. I recommend the YinYang broth as well. It's a nice leisurely dinner where you can spend a few hours eating, chatting, drinking, eating, chatting, drinking. It makes for a very pleasant experience.

I have seen a lot of "too expensive" comments. I guess it's all relative. My friend and I ate there and ordered Wagyu, lobster, rib eye, bok choy, noodles, snow pea leaves, and bamboo. We dined for 2 hours and the total bill with tip was like $25/ea. I have no problem paying that for good food and this was good food.

Now if you typically dine at Hometown Buffet, or any buffet for that matter, you may want to opt for McDonalds or an Oriental All-You-Can-Eat joint.
Being Chinese, and having hot pot alot as a kid, this restaurant was disappointing. I expected a hot pot restaurant to be fill with Asians hunkered over steaming troughs of soup. This restaurant is trying to make the hot pot experience as what I would describe as "urban chic". I should have known seeing the clientele. No Asians eating here on a Saturday night. Although I appreciate the variety of vegetable and protein choices available, I must agree with the other reviewers that the menu is expensive. If you are a hot pot purest this place isn't for you.
Excellent service, fun food.
I love this restaurant concept. It makes for a fun dinner between friends and family. I wish there were ones like it in Central Phoenix so I don't have to drive a half hour for good food and a good dining experience. 
The veggie options offered are plentiful and fresh, which is important to me. The broth is so flavorful. But be warned weak tongued restaurant-goers, the spicy broth has a kick that will stick!

Some are saying it's too expensive? I think it's worth it.
Like many others have said, this is pretty much the only hot pot restaurant I have found and I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. Like many ShabuShabu restaurants (btw, this is not really shabu shabu...i think its Chinese hot pot, but i'm not sure?) this place can get expensive depending on how many  meats and vegetable options are ordered, but it is good to keep in mind that the quality of the meats, tofu and veggies is very good. The freshness and variety of veggies is what sold me. Also, the place offers a great variety in soup broth selections. 

So far, the only one I have tried and really enjoyed is the YinYang broth. This broth is actually a combination of two with a divider separating them so its almost like a two-for-one special. One broth is spicy and flavorful while the other is a bit more settle, allowing your taste buds to enjoy of flavor roller coaster. Another great thing about this place is that they keep adding liquid to the broth so you never run low on it.

Side note for the minus 1 star: avoid the juices and a lot of other drinks, they are too sweet or come straight out of a bottle. Stick to water and they serve you tea at the end.
First review of mine ever. This is an awesome place! Just had a wonderful dinner with my friend.

From a Chinese point of view, they offer very traditional/professional hot pot. All the food look very fresh and clean. Service is very good (cute waiters, haha). I'll definitely go there again!
So it was my second time when I actually enjoyed what I was eating because we actually knew what we were ordering.  And the broth was a lot better than the first time.  The first my friends and I ate at Tien Wong, we had ordered the Ying-Yang pot, which had the spicy and mild on each side, it was okay.  This time, we ordered the Lemon Grass one. Which I highly recommend!!! It was so much better than the Ying-Yang.  

NEVER NEVER NEVER get the quail eggs.  It was a waste of money.  and make sure to get lots and lots of beef slices.  That's like my favorite part of eating hot pot.  I like eating the clear Asian noodles one the most...it doesn't make the broth all thick after putting the noodles intot he broth like the udon noodles.  

I also really like the fact that they're open really late.  Midnight snack!!
We went because it was a new restaurant and they had a well known chef/owner, Johnny Chu, formerly of "Fate" in Phoenix.  It's in a strip center with both a Japanese (Ninja)and Chinese restaurant (Chinese Gourmet) as neighbors, on Alma School in Chandler.  Decor was pretty and new, somewhat mod with large very colorful silk lanterns hanging from the high ceiling. Each table has a cooking element in its center which will keep your broth bubbling hot for cooking. 
I need to warn those who don't like to have to cook their own meals, that you will have to work for your Hot Pot!  I would call this a high class oriental fondue dinner of sorts.  You choose a broth for the two of you, about half a dozen choices, both mild and spicy, then the individual ingredients (starches like rice or various noodles) and proteins (beef, pork, chicken, tongue and various sea-foods) and veggies (variety of oriental greens and several types of mushroom) and many different kinds of tofu.  The individual ingredients are brought out on plates, beautifully displayed and of course all raw.  A stainless steel pot of broth is placed on your burner and your are given tongs, a ladle, a long handled strainer plus your chopsticks and ceramic soup spoons.  Most ingredients need not more than 1 to 2 minutes to cook and flavor your broth.  We ordered the spicy Thai Tom Yum broth which needed a lot of soy sauce and hot chili oil to flavor it properly, there was no salt or pepper on the table.  The noodles we ordered (chow fun) were about a half inch wide and 10 to 12 inches long, making it very difficult to eat without slurping and dripping broth on your chin and upper chest!  All the ingredients were beautiful to look at, fresh and vibrantly colored and individually full flavored.  Unfortunately the soup bowls were tiny, perhaps 12 oz. capacity, more slurping and dripping.  I had coconut milk to drink, tasted fresh and delicious, my wife had jasmine tea, also very good.  No alcohol is served, you can however BYOB if you wish.  For dessert we split a strawberry cheese cake, very beautiful and rich tasting.  Total bill was $37 + tip, I thought a bit steep for a bowl of soup, but it did fill us (added 5 ingredients).  I would give the atmosphere a 4, the service a 5, the food a 3  1/2, and the value a 3  1/2..
I haven't had Hong Kong style pot pot since I lived in Manila, so I was so excited to hear about Tien Wong Hot Pot. It was delicious. It's also fun to eat as a family putting different foods into the broth. It's a great experience for a meal to share and talk. Very cute and chic ambiance. Professional and attentive service. I will go back again and again.
Highly overrated. BYOB charges are high.  Food is average at best and the atmosphere was nothing over the top.

I would have to recommend passing on this one.
I don't get this place. The food completely lacks seasoning and flavor. Highly overpriced and they charge you $1 per drink to drink YOUR own drinks you bring! Then $7 per bottle for wine.

Skip this place. It does not deserve the high marks. 

The food comes out raw and then you cook it yourself in 2 different pots of boiling water. One dark, one light. Neither had any flavor.

Good luck trying to get any service either. Our water glasses sat empty pretty much the entire time we were there.
I have never had hot pot before and just happened in here with my boyfriend. It was really delicious, all the ingredients (we didn't get any meats so can't comment on that) were really fresh, and came in good portions. We got an order of Korean Tofu, Skitake mushrooms, enoki mushrooms, bok choy and clear noodles (forget what they are called) and we were very full at the end. We got the Coconut Satay Chili broth and really loved it. I thought it was very flavorful, although I would have liked it to be spicier.  For that and two softdrinks (which come in bottles) we paid $20, maybe up to $25 but I think it was $20.

We had great service, and they were really nice about explaining how to cook and such. I like that they tell you how long you should cook each item for. The restaurant is also really nice inside and comfortable. Not sure about the bathrooms because I didn't use them.
I came here the other night with my brother. We were up late on a week night and happy to find some place that wasn't fast food or Denny's. Seriously, what is up with the lack of delicious late night eats in the East Valley?

Anyway, we had a great time and the food was very good. We were seated right away and the staff was very friendly. They walked us through the whole process because we had never done hot pot before. They made sure we always had plenty of water and came by to top off our broth a few times.

The water was especially important because we got the Yin/Yang broth and the spicy one was ridiculously spicy. Very flavorful but crazy spicy. 
The mild broth however was too mild. We found that mixing the two made a great broth. We tried some enki mushrooms, bok choy, the regular beef and they had a special of scallops. Unfortunately, they were the small scallops so they kind of got lost in the broth. If they had been the larger kind it would have worked out better. 

We had a lot of fun making our soups and just generally playing with our food. We left completely stuffed and with leftovers for later in the evening. We were kind of conservative because it was our first time but, I think next time we will go a little more wild in our selections.

The tea at the end was delicious.

I understand why people complain about making the food yourselves. If you're one of those people you probably won't like a fondue restaurant either. It's about the experience and if you have fun interacting with your food you will enjoy this kind of restaurant.

 I also think this is more of a small group restaurant 2-4 people tops. Stick with two if you have picky eaters or dietary restrictions. I say this because all the tables seem to only have one burner per table. Perhaps they could use a split pot for broth other than the Yin Yang? I don't know. Just something to think about.
I LOVE this place!! Such a cool, unique vibe.  I love the assortment of broths (if you like hot, get the tom yum or house spicy).  The choice of veggies and meats is extensive.  I always wind up having to google some of the menu items! This place is great for adventurous eaters.  AWESOME for groups!
After Shabu Fondue closed in Chandler. I swore to never go to the Melting Pot. But there is a GOD! When Tien Wong Hot Pot opened I was elated to try it out. The fiance and I went there during the weekend and was very impressed with the quality of food! The shabu beef and tofu is amaze! Oh and the GOMA SHABU sauce?! SO GOOD!

The service was great. The atmosphere may seem a little fancy-shmancy but its a pretty casual joint. Its not too loud in there as well, even with the big families that often dine there. The prices are decent and the portions are really good too! 


FYI Their hours changed from 5-11 pm.
Went last night and the food was really great!  I really liked the selection on the menu - wish they served beer but otherwise....you gotta try it!!!
Background information on me.  Born in Taipei and grew up in Northern California.  Speak Chinese fluently.  Been to Taiwan ~15 times in the past 10 yrs for business so I do know what hot pot place would look like in both Taiwan and California.

My family also do hot pot at home once every few months.  Hot pot is a popular home meal in the winter time.  Decided to Came to this place based on Yelp review.

Short conclusion:
This is not a typical Chinese hot pot place.  It's a poor attempt at going somewhat upscale from what a typical hot pot place in Asian and SoCal.

Taste:
Two sauces are provided without any option.  This is generally a big no-no in hot pot place.  Generally customers are provided with lots of sauce options.

Meat and vegetables are fresh which is about the only good thing.

A few hot pot soup base option.  We chose the original so the kids can eat.

Price:
Food price is considered quite high for a hot pot place.  It was $100 for 3 adults and 2 kids.  Serving size is small to medium.  All 5 of us were still somewhat hungry and left to find another restaurant for snacks and drinks.

Service:
Service is rather poor.  Had to find the waiter a few times to get anything.  Once in a while, the waiter will come by and shut-off the electrical stove for you without checking with us while something is still cooking in the pot.

Not really sure why other reviews are so positive.  I am guessing that most of them have little or no experience in a Chinese hot pot place prior to this.

So for people who are expecting a Chinese hot pot place, skip this place.
There is a much better hotpot buffet you people should try. It is the the Volcano Buffet .  With hotpot. it is $20 with free drinks. It's in Mesa   Not cheap, but worth every penny.  Take it from a Chinese who know Chinese food.

http://www.yelp.com/biz/volcano-buffet-mesa
FUN experience and good food. This is a place to share with friends and just mingle over simple but incredibly flavorful food! 
We had the Ying yang pot (the pan is actually divided in the middle so you can taste two different broths). My first time there I had the spicy lemon grass on one side and it was soo tasty and I don't generally eat spicy food but this was worth trying, on the other side we had the "house broth" and that was a little bit more bland. After they bring the broth to your table, you let it simmer before adding the noddles, veggies or meats that you can select from a menu. All the items you put into the broth are a-la carte and you can order as many as you will like. My husband like the lamb and I love the variety of mushrooms they offer (shitake were my favorite). Will be returning here soon.
FINALLY a Sichuan style hotpot in the valley!! I have been travelling to Taiwan and China since 1996 and every time I'm there we would visit hotpot places at least twice a week. I've been DYING for one of these to open in Phoenix, it's just too bad I have to drive all the way to Chandler!!

I won't go into the detail of how it works, what I will say is that it was delicious. The hotpot soup itself is quite good, not as hot as I've had in China, but definitely tasty. The prime rib was in my opinion the best meat, but also the lamb is quite good and more traditional. 

Nothing goes better with hotpot than cold Chinese beer, so we stopped at Ranch market and picked up some Chingtao prior to arrival. They charge $1 per bottle to open it, so we brought the big bottles.

BOTTOM LINE: Driving to Chandler is faster than flying to China! I'll be a regular.
Let me start by saying I LOVED this place...I went here last night with Erin B. and her BF and my BF. I had been wanting to try this place for probably a year now, and I feel so dumb that I waited so long to eat here (I literally worked a mile away from here for like 4 months and live off the same road for the past 2 years....all the missed opportunities!). The four of us had the yin yang broth....it was good, but next time I would just get the spicy broth....it was ridic good. The original broth was tasty, but didn't even touch the spicy as far as flavor. I liked that the broths had different aromatics in them to give the flavor more depth, the broth had big slices of ginger and many other unidentified (to me) but good tasting spices and vegetables in it. We ordered: five spice tofu, 2 orders udon noodles, 2 orders shabu shabu beef, wagyu beef, pea tips, baby bok choy, enoki mushrooms, and corn. The best thing was the pea tips...we all LOVED these! I have never had them before, but it was soooo good, sweet, but not too sweet. They tasted like peas, but in a different shape. The wagyu was delicious, but the shabu shabu beef was also very tasty, both cook very fast (20 seconds or so). The lighter brown sauce is slightly peanutty and compliments the meat perfectly. I really liked the bok choy, but the boys were not fans (Oh well, more for me). I think the only thing most of us weren't huge fans of was the corn. It was just a little more waxy than typical corn, not bad, but not amazing. My favorite part of the meal was towards the end, you can ladle the broth into your bowl and eat it like soup....the broth is spicy and flavorful, the noodles and veg are perfect....this is clearly some high quality stuff. 

We spent a long time here eating our food and talking and the bill was only 50$ for the 4 of us. That is pretty standard for a meal for 4, you would spend that at many national chains. I cannot believe people complain about the price... I thought it was cheap for all that we got and the quality of the food, and if you go to the Melting Pot (whose meat, in my opinion, sucks because it is not sliced thin) you pay WAY more money... I'd come here over that restaurant any day. In fact...I want to go back....today......or as soon as possible. 

The only problems were: there was only one set up for cooking meat for the table (we probably should have just asked for another, so not really their fault), they didn't explain the process without being asked, and they forgot our noodles and we had to remind them to bring them, but these were very minor flaws. Definitely not significant enough to not go there or even lower their rating. 


PS the 4 stars is temporary, if I had the same experience that I had last night again it would definitely be bumped to a 5 star.
The service was just okay.

I really enjoyed the experience and am glad I went.  However, the vegetarian broth with veggies in it was so so so bland.  I will not go back.

I liked that you could do 1/2 and 1/2 so my friend could have the regular pork bone broth in 1/2 the huge bowl and I could have the vegetarian in my half.  It was fun to pick out veggies like thai pumpkin and white mushrooms off a paper menu (like you do with sushi).  

I think for what you get it is very overpriced.  For my veggies in broth it was about $12 and I left hungry.
Basically one of the worst meal I've ever had.  I'm chinese and my expectations for hot pot are pretty high and this place was an epic fail.  The sauces they prepared for dipping were just questionable, one of them tasted like just plain vinigar.  We got one of the beef plates and one of the pork plates plus some vegatables.  We literally got 5 slices of meat for $6.00.  

I was hoping for a place comparable to hot pot in Beijing, but this did not even come close.
I love this place!  My family and I always love getting Shabu-Shabu in California but we couldn't find it in AZ (except Sushi on Shea which was just so-so and terribly expensive).  I was thrilled to find this place on Yelp!  We drove from North Scottsdale to Chandler just for dinner tonight and we were not disappointed.  We all loved the beef (ribeye and shabu-shabu beef), chicken, and the shrimp.  I loved the spicy lemongrass broth and my family preferred the traditional/house broth.  

The waitress was super friendly and knowledgeable.  She helped explain the difference between Hot Pot (Chinese) and Shabu-Shabu (Japanese) - basically the broth is different and the vegetables and meats are ordered individually vs. a platter of meat/veggies like at Shabu.  Either way, this is delicious and if you love Asian food, somewhat healthy food, or Shabu-Shabu, you will love this place!
Gem in the middle of the desert.....I was surprised how chic this place was. Lanterns, nice furniture, and cleanliness. Great service and a knowledgeable waitress....thumbs up. We had the veggie mushroom and some fish balls and meat. Half with hot chilli peppers and one side mild. Oh and we had bean curd, which was freshly cut. It was delicious....me sweating as i eat the hot side of the pot. If you haven't tried hot pot....this is a good place to start.

Oh and great hip music playing.....good for young people.
We had a wonderful meal here with another couple.  It was our first time so we were a little uncertain on what to order or how much.  We ended up taking a lot of suggestions from the waiter who was well versed in the options.  It is BYOB so we brought our own beer which was a good match with the food.

We did the half and half with the Lemongrass broth on one side and the ying/yang on the other.  We all loved both.  We did a variety of meats (Lamb and beef) as well as some squid.  Beautiful mushroom options and bok choi and a few other veggies.  All four of us left perfectly full and the bill came in under $60.  I saw a few other yelpers mention it was way overpriced and the broth was unflavored.  A mystery to me.  

The atmosphere is nice and cool lighting and contemporary style is a real nice touch considering the strip mall area it is in.  The only down side I experienced is a stormy night produced a pretty nasty leak in the men's room.  They said they were renovating in a few days so I hope that is something they catch.  

All is all it is a great concept and a great product.  The service is excellent as well.  Bring some beer and go have some fun with a group.
Very fun place to eat.  Super friendly and helpful staff allow you to understand this unique format for eating.  Great way to eat at your own pace and the food is light, full of variety, healthy and hugely flavorful.  

Nice atmosphere that allows an intimate table for two or a decent sized group.  Comfortable, hip atmosphere.  BYOB allows you to not be disappointed with the wine list.

Great stuff!
This place is great.  If you're starving and in the mood for quick food...it's not your place; but otherwise a great idea...especially for a date night or celebration. 
We got the yin-yang pot (the spicy side is VERY spicy), beef, shrimp, several vegetables and clear noodles.  Played it safe this time but will be more adventurous next time.  The waitstaff is really invested in making sure you have a good time and assuring you that there is no "right" way to do it.  

The produce is incredibly fresh. 

LOTS of food for about $40.
This is a pretty good place, considering it's in Arizona. Naturally you can't expect it to be on the same league as places in china or california, but for being in Phoenix, it's one of the best hot pot places i've found so far.

It is -not- AYCE, so that means it'll be a little pricier, but the quality is there. They have a large variety of ingredients to try, which includes like 5 or 6 different types of mushrooms, many different cuts of beef, seafood etc. 

Not to mention its open late, which is great for us night owls.

Overall, I'd say its a little pricey, but you're paying for quality ingredients. Choose your broth wisely, or ask for recommendations :)
Went here the other night on a double date and we all had a good time. No complaints. We spent about $60 for around 15 sides and in the end we were all pretty well fed. I always like the supply your own alcohol concept and the service was fine. Great double date spot. and way more moderately priced than the melting pot!!
I don't remember when was the last time a restaurant has upset me so much that I have to give a one star rating, and I don't have a choice for 'no star'. Yes, Tien Wong made it happened, yikes...

You received the one star not because of the food, but the worst services I have ever received in this valley. We were excited to try this place on a Saturday night even we were told to wait for 45mins at the door, just too excited for some hot pot and the raves at yelp. Yes it was full when we arrived but we waited patiently until our turn. We ordered pretty quickly after a menu was given since we knew what we want and it's just a like a sushi menu, you check-mark the exact food you want. I admit that the food was good, presented nicely and freshly, and the broth were very good! However, everything went to downhill when the power started going off every 2 mins after we started eating for 10mins. Our hot pot dinner became a cold pot dinner with under cooked food.

Yes, the place was full, but the two largest family parties were already done eating and about to wrapped it up. Yet, our table and the one next to us who sat down around the same time as us, our power kept going off. It is okay for the first or the second time, but when it turned to the 3rd and 4th, we were like, WHAT THE HELL? This is a hot pot place where you rely solely on the stove to cook your food but they can't keep power on, how were we supposed to get the food cooked, eat raw?! The worse to come, as it seems that there were lack of servers, two different servers came by and said they will turn the power back on, which somehow the switch was in the woman's bathroom, so they had to wait when there was a customer inside...oddly enough, after the fifth turn of our power off, we called the server closest to us and needed an explanation, and she replied 'oh sorry, there is nothing we can do, when all the stoves are in using at the same time, the power just seems to be unstable'. EXCUSE ME? We are not blind, there were like 4 other tables eating right now, and you are telling me ALL the stoves are in using? And you cannot do anything? oh wow, this has just gave me the reason to not waste any more time at this place. Maybe you should check with SPR or APS to see if you owe them any money first! And the owner? Train your employees on how to handle such issue with a professional manner!?!?! 

And of course no one is in charge as the two other servers were just watching with no clue on what to do, we asked to bring our check and left very unhappy. 

You thought the manager or someone in charge would show up when a customer is pissed, but no, it's like there is no one else. We didn't bother to call them either, what is point, get a 20% off of your bill? I came to eat, not a discount. If only the server was a bit more of professional and nicely offer to us another table and this night would still be good since we did like the food. But with this kind of customer service experience? I want nothing else. Tien Wong, you have failed miserably. 

A side note - as mentioned by a few other yelpers, I wouldn't say this is cheap at all, one plate of lamb for $6 and there were only 6 pieces, of course it's more of a pricy dish, but if you had eaten in LA for $20/person endless hotpot, you would think you just got ripped off...So be cautious on ordering.
Love this place! I've gone twice now, and really enjoyed it both times. The yin and yang broth is great, and I find their side dipping sauces amazing! It can be a bit pricey depending how much meat you get, but I think going here is always a nice treat and it's worth the cost. For dessert, they have a wonderful green tea cheese cake  sprinkled with sesame seeds and chocolate, it's delicious! Service has always been very friendly and the ambiance of the whole place is nice and relaxing. :)
Headed to Chandler on a stormy rainy night for some Hot Pot. Found this place on Yelp. We got seated right away, the restaurant was about 1/2 full. I didn't think that Phoenix would have a Hot Pot restaurant but this place is a little gem. It's not AYCE and there item list is really pretty good. We ordered the half spicy and half regular soup base. The items we ordered were the following:

Rib eye beef        4/5 stars
Lamb                    5/5 stars
shrimp                  4/5
Pork blood            3/5 very small portions
(2) cuttlefish balls 5/5 ordered a second order
(2) napa cabbage  3/5 the portions are small
bean stalk leafs      4/5
glass noodles         3/5 small plate
clams                        4/5
slices fish                 5/5 very good
mushrooms             5/5 

The restaurant has its own blend of sauces which was very tasty. The cut some cilantro, garlic and green onions for our table. The service was good. I don't know how well Tien Wong will do in the middle of the Phoenix Summer.
So happy to have found this place. It's a little bit on the expensive side for a "any night of the week" dinner but it definitely serves its purpose as a relatively nice date night every now and then! My boyfriend and I go as often as possible (about every few weeks!) We enjoy the ying/yang broth because, mixed together, its the perfect level of spice. We usually get beef, black pork (which is named after the type of pig-- the pork is its normal coloring, haha), chicken, shrimp, dumplings, udon noodles, pea tips, enoki mushrooms, and napa cabbage with the highlights being the dumplings, udon, pea tips, enoki mushrooms, and shrimp. The dipping sauces are great too! I highly recommend this restaurant!
I've been to Hot Pot 3 times now and every time I leave, I can't wait to go back =) 

The servers are always quick and friendly & the food is always of great quality and taste.  I love their mushroom platter and the shabu shabu (beef/ribeye).
Perfect time, every time. And it's BYOB! 

I've been here for a quiet date night, a birthday dinner, and a random not celebrating anything at all group dinner and every time is as good as the last, if not more so.

I like to describe it as an Asian style Melting Pot, except way better. It provides the unique, always enjoyable opportunity to cook delicious food w/your friends, but w/out the hefty price tag. Plus the ambiance is great and the soundtrack is always groovy.

There are several different broth and small plate options so every time I've gone it's been a different concoction, which is nice, but I'd have to say my favorite to date is the lemongrass. I also love dipping the meats in their side sauces w/a dab of Sriracha, mmm. There is a corking fee for the alcohol but it's a small price to pay in the grand scheme of things. The cinnamon tea they provide after dinner is a simple touch, but a sweet one. That stuff is delicious. Also, they're open until like midnight on a Monday. Awesome.
A great gem in Chandler.  Amazing to take the kids.   They really enjoyed the experience and the food.  I think everyone would give it a try....it's fun and you can make it to your taste.  The Tofu was my favorite!
The Hotpot base is very good. We ordered the Yuanyang base which is half original and half spicy. The vegetable and meat is quite fresh. It is noteworthy that the amount of food is quite a little. We two ordered ten kinds of food including meat, vegetable and noodles but still not enough.
This is the first time I've ever tried hot pot in Phoenix (I'm from Houston), but I have to say that it was pretty good! I think the prices are pretty fair. expect to spend at least $35-40 (including tip) for a party of two. we ordered two meats, two veggies, a noodle, and a tofu for two people and it ended up being $37 (with tip), but we were both very full afterwards!

tip: try the ice tofu. they make it by freezing it and it changes into this strange, layered textured that I can't really describe very well, but it tastes delicious and it soaks up a lot of the broth so it's very flavorful.

another tip: the mala spicy broth is SPIICCYYY. at one point I dipped the strainer into the broth to get some noodles and I came up with a ladle of 50% chili flakes and 50% noodle.... very spicy! next time I think I'd get the half and half spicy/original, just to give my tastebuds a little break!

decor and music are really cool and our server was extremely friendly, knowledgeable about the menu, and helpful (we didn't know how long to cook the shrimp for, and we didn't know the differences between all the tofus). I will be back soon :)
I found out about this place through FB and Chow Bella in the PHX New Times.  The picture of the Chili ramen pulled me in and I was dying to try it.

Its a fairly small, but open place.  When I arrived there were two other tables of diners, having hot pot which looked great.  The owner sat me on the other side, for Ramen.  
I ordered a honey green tea, which was amazingly refreshing and hit the spot after a workout.  This took a few minutes since its mixed at the bar, shaker style.  BTW - this is BYOB.

My server was unfortunately awful and this is the major hit to the rating, as it affected the overall experience.  It seemed like they had just pulled the guy off the street.  He wasn't familiar with the questions he should ask about my order, and couldn't even inform me how to order.  He didn't know how spicy the Chili ramen was or what came in it... HE HAD NEVER TRIED THE FOOD!  
So, he finally called for help and the other waitress informed me of what came in it, etc.  Due to the hesitancy of the staff, I ordered the traditional ramen versus the Chili that caught my eye.  
The broth was great, noodles perfect, aroma great.  The things lacking... the ratio of pork to noodle was off and the sauce, which good wasn't really flavorful.  My waiter never came back to see how it was, so I contemplated for a good 10 minutes who I should ask for Chili sauce.
The owner came over half way in to my meal and chatted me up to see how I discovered the place.  Very nice guy and I was able to score some 5 spice and chili sauce to kick up my ramen.  Asking him about the Chili ramen, he said I could handle it based on what I was putting in there :).  

Overall, decent food - but severely lacking in educated servers which can (and does) lead to dissatisfied customers.  I'll give this place another shot for the Chili ramen and then we'll see...
This review is based on the ramen. I tried the chile ramen and was extremely disappointed. The broth was spicy but flat. It was lacking acidity or something, almost like they forgot an ingredient. I've eaten from the hot pot menu before and it was fantastic. I'm not sure why the ramen turned out so poorly. I'll be hesitant to go back for the ramen. On the other hand, the mango green boba tea was delicious.
Wow.. Ramen and boba teas with the hot pot! I am in heaven! New name btw, T.Spot.
Came here to try the newly expanded menu  and I have to say..it is the best ramen I have had in AZ!
The broth is simmered with pork bone and you can really tell the difference.. Noodles are cooked perfect and I love the pickled ginger that comes with.
Tried the honey green tea with sea salt cream... And loved it.. It's sweet and creamy.. Still craving it! Will be back for my usual Shabu hot pot fix.. Looks like the quality of this place is still the best:)
The signage was a little difficult to follow, they must have changed the name to T-SPOT. The concept was good, you cook your veggies and meats in a broth(two types in a spit pan). The food portions seemed small for three people but was good. I was a bit surprised when the bill came and it was $68 for three of us... only ice tea and the tip was included. Would I go again..... No
I was looking forward to trying the newly renamed T-Spot for a tasty bowl of hot pot, but it sadly didn't meet expectations. The blueberry boba tea was great, the service alright, they had pretty decor & the experience was nice, but perhaps better suited for a smaller party of two. After figuring out the menu & concept we chose a couple types of meat, veggies, noodles and two types of broth. The meat was lacking in flavor, barely a difference between the two different broths and not nearly spicy enough. Once cooked the portions were small and the bill we received nearly $70 for 3 was too much for so little.The meal left my wallet & my stomach empty.
I am giving one start only to facilitate my writing a review.  I wouldn't have bothered at all except that, after viewing this restaurant on yelp and recommending it to my daughter and her boyfriend, I feel so bad that they actually went here.  It is the only restaurant in the Tempe area so far to rank below three stars to us.  She is new to the Tempe area and a real foodie.  He was visiting and is a shabu shabu fan.  We are from SoCal so the availability of shabu shabu here is pretty good, as is the quality.

But enough about background info....  Apparently the "shabu shabu" is served with ramen broth, which is not at all what we are used to.  That, in and of itself, is fine as things may differ place to place and locale to locale.  The fact that they got maybe six pieces of beef to SHARE, and that it wasn't fresh like what they are used to, not so much.  The food did not appear fresh in any way.  Even the rice was dry as if it had been sitting out, and my daughter actually found a bug in hers.  Very lovely.  Service was unremarkable.  All in all, this was a pretty hideous experience, and I don't see how the restaurant merits a four star rating.  Not sure where the reviews come from, but our recommendation is to STAY AWAY.  Not good at all, which is too bad, because she was also looking forward to trying the ramen....
Visiting from CA and had the urge for some hot pot since it was getting cool outside.  Reviews here looked good and the food did not disappoint!

We got the herbal soup along with beef, chicken, assorted Chinese veggies.

Didn't expect much outside LA and the Bay Area and was pleasantly surprised.  Great food, decent service, excellent price.  Definitely will come back next time we're in town.
I was suprised at how good this place was.  A little bit pricey but well worth it.  They had a pricer shabu meat but the prime beef was already good enough.  The japanese miso soup base was so good, udon and veggies tasted great after simmering in the broth.  They do have boba here which I would advise against getting it, the tea/milk tea itself was very good but the boba was old and hard.
I like Big Wong and I cannot lie. This strangely named restaurant just opened today. If you happen to catch this review soon enough, you can drop in and get a free entree with the purchase of a $1 soda or bottled water. It's for dine-in only and is valid through May 18.

I stopped by for lunch and ordered the Authentic Curry Chicken Over Rice. This dish normally costs $4.95 but was free with my $1 can of ginger ale. So how was it? It was actually very good. For $4.95, it's a great deal. For free, it's a steal!

Everything on their menu is $4.95 with one item coming in at $3.95. You'd think that you were looking at the lunch menu, but no my friends. This is their regular menu. If this place was open after midnight, it would be the new unquestioned late night king.

I'm inclined to give this place four stars based on the one dish I've tried so far, and the extremely fast and friendly service. Add in the fact that everything is under $5 - oh and that's tax included - and I'm glad to bump that up to a fiver.
Got the #2 (Hoi Nam Chicken over Seasoned Rice) for lunch today and when the plate came I was pleased with the looks of a steamed chicken cooked all the way through - no bloody marrow. It came with two small dishes of seasoned soy sauce and a special chili sauce which both worked perfectly with the chicken/rice. You must use the sauces to get the most out of this dish! Overall this dish reminded me of my mom's steamed game hen - one of my favorites. Warning: Big Wong's version is served cold, and the menu doesn't say so. 

Impressive build-out of the restaurant space, Big Wong! Clean, bright and nice stone and tile work, definitely not what I expected from the outside as the storefront windows are limo-tinted and you can't see in at all. Bathrooms are nicely tiled from floor-to-ceiling. Exhibition kitchen is a nice surprise. Big Wong seems to be in it for the long haul. 

Going back tomorrow (last-minute UYE anyone?) for another dish and a possible upgrade to 5-stars if things go well... to be continued
Free meal with the purchase of a $1 drink through May 18. 

What's not to love? The service was friendly and fast. I tried the curry chicken with roti pancakes and my fella got the boneless fried chicken with udon. We shared the two dishes and for a grand total of $2, how can you go wrong? The curry was a little subtle for my taste, wish it had a bit more kick. I'm a big fan of udon and the chicken was moist and tasty. I enjoyed it, despite my aversion to fried chicken usually.

I definitely recommend you try to get there before Thursday. That deal's too good to pass up. The regular menu items are very reasonably priced so even if you don't get in on the free offer, $5 for a meal? Heck yes!
Where should I begin?? After being seated and waiting 10 minutes, our waitress bypassed our table twice to take orders from people that were seated after us. Not sure if us being the only black couple had anything to do with it. I ordered the curry chicken with roti pancakes and there must have been a chicken shortage because I received a bowl of curry potatoes with a few chicken scraps.. Needless to say, I won't be back.. I'm only out $1.00, so that's a plus..
It is probably not fair to write a review during the grand opening/dollar days extravaganza, but this is a "good" 3 stars.  Waited in a short line (I was hanging out of the door) at 1 PM, and I see the backs of the guys at the front of the line, and it is Anthony T. and Tien N. no less!  I yelled out and they had me join them.  

After being seated, we got our orders in pretty fast and my food was cold (I expected that after reading Bobby Y.'s review) so I got to eat first!  I ordered #1 Hainan chicken white meat - it came with cucumbers, the rice cooked in chicken broth, and 2 dipping sauces.  The spicy sauce was killer - after I finished the chicken and the cucumber I poured the sauce on the rice and ate it last.  It was pretty good.  The only time I had similar food was at a food cart in Portland.

Tien had the curry chix with roti and Anthony had the thin ribeye with rice/potatoes.  Definitely worth the buck.  Tien graciously treated me with his stack of quarters.  I probably would not rush back but it will be cheap even once it goes up to $4.95 per dish, and the rice and spicy sauce *are* pretty tasty.
I can't really say that I'm a fan of this place from my first visit. But hey, it was a dollar, so I can't really complain. Even at their standard $4.95 prices, this turns out to be a decent stop for a quick lunch. Sure, it's nothing memorable, but it's got value on its side.

For starters, I ordered an regular iced tea to go with my meal. Disappointingly, it just turned out to be a canned Lipton Brisk tea. Not my usual forte; but then again, the meal was too cheap to make any complaints about. Service still remained to be prompt and friendly.

For the entre, I went with the chicken curry. It tasted a lot like my home cooking. You'd think that'd be complementary, but I am a terrible cook. In terms of flavors, it was average. But, it ended up being a filling meal. Don't count on waiting for your food, since it was practically served to me as quickly as the drink came out.

As I mentioned earlier, this place was nothing to write home about. I needed a quick lunch fix, and I got it for a good value. I will probably give it another go tomorrow for the last day of the $1 promotion. Maybe a better tasting dish will up my review to 4 stars.
With a name like Big Wong, there are bound to be some jokes and uncomfortable looking older Chinese women glaring at their white husbands. That is what I encountered as I was waiting for my food. The lack of music or any other white noise allowed me to eavesdrop on my surrounding tables. I know it is not the most polite, but us Chinese people talk loud enough for everyone to be a part of the festivities anyways.

I wished I had brought a book because I felt uncomfortable sitting alone while waiting for my fried chicken and rice to come. Normally I have no problems eating alone, but there was nothing to distract me.

I had noticed that the food comes out at random, it does not matter if your party ordered everything at the same time, because you will get it in whatever order the chefs tray them up. If you have a problem with this then it would be best to avoid this restaurant because you will be furious. Some people finished their food before the rest of their party even got their meal. I saw four tables that came in after me get their food and finish before mine came out. For me, it is not a big deal because my chicken was being fried fresh. The waitress had also apologized a couple of times, but I reassured her I didn't mind. 

When I got it, the skin and parts of the meat were crispy, while the inside was juicy and tender. This was perfect. The protein was served with rice, a fermented chopped veggie (cabbage), a chilled boiled tea egg, and a dipping sauce that had ground meat in it. Mixing the rice with all the other ingredients made for a delicious side. 

I would come back here again and pay the regular price for a meal. Nothing cost over five dollars and is great if you just want something simple. Just remember to bring something to keep you preoccupied if dining alone.
Hey, if you're going to have a Wong, make it a big one, right? 

The incentive to quality control this new eatery was that if you paid a dollar for your beverage (and mind you if you're reading this review 5/17/11-5/18/11 it's still going on), your entree was FREE! 

No, that's not a typo, it's true. FREE. The three amigos ate for $3 dollars (plus tip) last night. 

Newly remodeled with fresh yellow paint and ZERO items on the wall (perhaps not to distract from the food?), Big Wongs appeared to be clean and hoppin. 

Seated at the very last table, conveniently located next to the hallway leading to the restrooms we placed our beverage order. Our canned soda's arrived in a timely fashion, unlike our food. 

The number list of menu items was pretty small, but based on observation, I believe their is an "off the menu" option for things such as bok choy (which we found no where on the list). We chose our "numbers" and placed our order then commenced witty conversations amongst ourselves. 

.............OK, so there's not enough time, or A.D.D. medication for me to input enough dots to represent the length of time we waited for our meals, but it was a while (*clears throat*, 40 minutes). We received our food, one dish at a time and about 5 to 15 minutes in between each other, but I would say despite the wait, the food was actually quite tasty! 

I will give them a small exception that it was in fact their opening night and all, but common..Your menu is tiny, your items are numbered and the Restaurant seats about 10 tables MAX. Perhaps I'm being harsh but I don't see what the struggle to get food out in a timely fashion was all about..just sayin. 

OK, OK, enough of that. The food itself was very delicious and everything on the featured menu is UNDER $5!!! Yes folks, that's right, UNDER $5.00!! 

Would I eat there again? Sure. Would I go out of my way to get there, bring anyone there, or recommend it? Prolly not.
I like Big Wong and I can not lie, you other brother's cannot lie.

Ok all song parodies aside, I have to admit I am a fan of Big Wong.

The opening special was enough to get me in the door...are you kidding me $1 for a meal, I'm in! And the food was good enough to get me to come back 3 times in 2 days. And as long as they keep serving it up I will be going back.

The $1 special is insane, however their normal priced menu is still insanely cheap, there isn't anything over $5 including tax!

I have had the Pork Chops twice and the Ribeye once. The Ribeye was served with rice and some cucumber slices, it was pretty good, a little small but still a solid offering. The Pork Chop is my favorite thing on the menu, both times I've got it with the Udon Noodles and have enjoyed every bite.

There have been some issues with the service, I have to say my service was great, and let's be honest they've been slammed so I give them a some forgiveness. 

The Kitchen is open so you can see them prep the food, I was really impressed how quickly my order came out all 3 times, those guys back there aren't messing around.

I will say the walls could use some pictures or something (they are bare), but other than that I really like the place, I can see myself picking up some grub there on more than one occasion and as Paolo said if they were open later, I would be eating here all the time, for now I'll just settle for twice a day.
Went there for the grand opening special. Free meal with purchase of a $1 drink. I thought it was going to be a little sampler it something but it ended up pretty good. Ordered the special fried chicken with rice 5a. The chicken was crispy and juicy, not greasy. Loved the dipping sauce that came with it. They have choice of rice or noodles for each meal. The noodles came with soup in a big bowl. They just opened so everything is clean. Service was pretty fast considering there was a bunch of meal there. I placed my order went to wash my hand in the restroom, got back all our plates were there. they did have a long line out side but its because there wasn't a waiting area inside wait, just put ur name on the list and waited 15 mins checked the other stores around so it was quick. I think today is the last day for their special so ill probably go there and try something else. Meals regular are about $4.95.
Today was the last day of the grand opening special so I dragged a few of my coworkers to join me.  We arrived about 3:30pm, the place was packed but the wait wasn't very long, only 10 mins for a party of 5.  Seems like they turn the tables over pretty quickly for a little place.

They only have 14 items on the menu so we had already decided what we were going to order before we sat down.  I got the Hoi Nam Chicken over seasoned rice, my friends got deep fried pork chop over rice, fried pork chop with udon noodle soup and curry chicken over rice.

My Hoi Nam chicken was moist, the dipping sauce was delish but the seasoned rice was the best!

We all tried each others dishes- the curry chicken had great flavor, it was more Japanese style (which I like) but was a tad greasy.

The fried pork chops were also good, but better when you dip in this sauce they give that has a beef stock taste to it.

We also ordered some vegetables in oyster sauce that was okay, nothing special since it was just steamed/boiled Chinese broccoli with sauce.

Overall, it was a success cause our meal came out to $7.95 for 5 entrees and 4 drinks with the special.  I would defiantly come back since the regular prices are still not bad at all- $4.95 including tax.
If I solely based ratings on value, Big Wong would get 4.5-5 stars but everything here is average to above average at best. 

The Hainanese chicken sauce is good but the chicken tastes like it was only boiled in water. 

The curry chicken wasn't bad, but it could really use more kick. The fried pork chop and fried chicken were really flavorful. 

All in all, for 5 bucks an entree you can't complain. If I were in school, I'd prob be here all the time. It's really decent fast Chinese food. Nothing spectacular but cheap food.


------------------------------EDIT---------------------------------------------------------

I came back and had the Shrimp Soup with Shirmp Wonton.  The soup was really flavorful, the noodles had great texture, and I am definitely a fan of their shrimp wontons.

I was a little harsh on my first review but I should cut some slack since I went during their Grand Opening special.

Value-wise, everything is under 5 bucks with tax so it's a hell of a value.  I'll be back espeically for their fried chicken and fried pork chop.
Went back last night on a last-minute whim with a couple of other Yelpers and ordered the Vegetables w/Oyster Sauce (without Oyster Sauce) and the Pork Chop over Rice. Rice was plain, and the Vegetables were a steamed (and plain) Chinese broccoli. The sad-looking Pork dish came out thinly cut and cooked 'til dry with a side dish of glutenous pork sauce - sounds good, huh? Ha ha ha. Hard to complain about a $1 promotional meal, but let's just say I am glad $1 included a cold, refreshing bottle of spring water. It was the first time in my life that I would be caught pouring soy sauce into my rice pile to desperately add flavor. Ah, the shame. I wish I had ordered the #2 again (Hoi Nam Chicken)...

It was funny to hear the excited folks texting and calling their friends to come join them for the 'Chinese meal deal of the year' and saying (without having seen the menu) that they can't wait to order some won-ton soup and orange chicken. They were in for a Hoi Nam surprise.

Truth is, it's just fun to say "Let's go to Big Wong" so the reality is that I am probably going to end up trying everything on their menu by the end of the summer. 20 items x $5 = $100 = so if they can keep their customers' curiosity going they might do really well. I'm temped to do a drive-by tonight to see if the buzz from the 3-day dollar sale leaks over into real sales.

Overall my impression of Big Wong so far is this: if IKEA opened a small Taiwanese/Chinese restaurant in the Raku/Monta strip mall it would be a lot like this one. Small menu and cheap prices and the food looks like food, but when it comes down to taste and execution, you may wonder if the Swedish Chef is doin' the cooking.
I went to Big Wong Restaurant for a Meetup (Sushi & More) gathering, met some diverse and interesting folks and we for the most part enjoyed the meal we had during their opening $1 promotion.

My first visit was on the evening of the opening day.  The place was packed already by about 7pm, and I was glad I grabbed a 6-top for our 7:30pm get together.  Service was hectic, but that is to be expected with the place being so slammed from everyone and their coworker's grandmother stopping by to check out the new Chinese restaurant near the corner of Decatur and Spring Mountain, which serves basically Malaysian, Taiwanese, Cantonese and a little Asian fusion food.

The thing I immediately like about Big Wong is that it has a very basic menu of 17 entrees, which can be consolidated to just 7 main items (i.e., steamed chicken, fried chicken, fried pork chop, curry chicken, wontons, thin ribeye, shrimp). Personally I think the biggest common  mistake restaurateurs make is having way too much items on the menu, where their kitchen is not able to perfect them all.  Better to have a smaller menu and make them all perfectly, I say.

Anyway, I ordered the Hoi Nam Chicken (boneless dark meat) Over Rice - dish with origin in Chinese's Hainanese regional cuisine, which is also very popular in Malaysia and Singaporean due to Chinese immigrants to those countries. The chicken is fine, but I prefer my rice to be more "seasoned".

I have also tried the Fried Chicken Over Rice (boneless) - I really like this one, as the chicken is fried well and is still juicy.  I know I will order this in the future.

The Fired Pork Chop was disappointing for me.  I was expecting it to be more tender and juicy, but it was on the tough side. The minced pork sauce that it was served with help me finish the entree, but I will most likely not try this again.

The Curry with Roti looks good when my dining companions ordered it.  I will try that next time, besides what is not to like about Roti!  The curry itself can be a little less on the "greasy" side, but other than that I heard the flavor was good.

Now that the $1 drink + free entree grand opening promotion is over, we will see if the restaurant can sustain the buzz and continue to draw in a steady flow of customers.  I think at $4.95 (inclusive of tax) it is hard to find a better meal deal cheaper at a sit down restaurant.

And for those who are expecting this to be just another typical Chinese take-out restaurant, you will most likely be disappointed with their menu selection.  You will not find Kung-Pao Chicken or Egg Rolls here. But if you are down to try some different kind of Chinese regional dishes, this is a good place to start without breaking the bank.

------Version 1.0.1 Update------
Came here after hearing about their House Special Shrimp Wontons from Nelson Q and reading his review.  When I arrived I was told that they also have new menu items that just got added today (Beef Ramen, Shrimp Ramen or Udon and Malaysian Beef Curry over Rice).

I was pretty set to try the shrimp wonton, which was pure shrimp in wonton wrapper.  Yum! The Shrimp Wonton Udon also comes with vegetables, so it is a pretty complete meal.

The new Beef Ramen (made with tender braised beef briskets and tendons) was very good.  The beef broth has a nice flavor, and the brisket and tendons were braised for hours until they are perfectly soft and tender.  It also comes with a really generous portion of ramen, the same kind sourced by Monta Ramen. At $5.95 it is a very good deal, based on the combination of taste, portion size and good culinary execution plus the hours and TLC dedicated to braising the chunks of beef brisket and tendons.  I can see this new Big Wong Beef Ramen as the new featured franchise item for the restaurant.
5-29-2011
------Version 1.0.1 Update------

Note:  They also have Japanese ramen noodles, which you can substitute for the odon noodles. It is not on the menu, but the manager told me it is available.

------Version 1.0.2 Update------
Big Wong still serves up solid and wholesome Chinese food, my many repeat visits are proof enough.  One of my favorite is the Steamed Chicken, Mushroom and Chinese Sausage. The congee is great, especially on days when I am not my usual ravenous world devouring self. 
12-1-2011 (Update reminder courtesy of Warren P)
------Version 1.0.2 Update------

Decor:  3/5  More attention was used in fitting the 68 seats in the restaurant than the overall look.

Food:  4/5  Now offering soups, appetizers, congee and even desserts!

Location:  4/5  Pretty convenient for those working, shopping or living near the Chinatown area.

Price:  5/5  $4.95 including tax is a good deal for a full meal.  They are definitely going for volume and not high margin per order.  Great for customers and I hope it works out for the restaurant.
This simple, no fuss restaurant has a very limited selection of entrees to select from.  You would think that since the selection is so limited, that they would do a good job with the food.  Unfortunately, that is not the case here.  We ordered wonton soup, curry chicken rice and deep fried chicken udon soup.  All the dishes were on the bland side.  No rave reviews here.  The only thing that it has going for it is the price.  The menu items are all about $5.00, but the dishes are not that big.  It's okay for lunch, but the portions are not big enough for supper.  The service was okay, it took a little while for the waitress to come take our order, but can't complain since she was the only one waiting on tables and taking care of the cash register.
Like most others who have written a review, I came here for their fabulous grand opening specials. Nothing really beats a meal and drink for one dollar. 

Would I go back to this place with their normal prices? Probably. 
Would I come back here often? Probably not. 

On my first visit I indulged and ordered two items. First off was the fried pork chop. It was disappointing to say the least. It was kind of bland and chewy. The sauce that accompanied it was pretty tasty though.The highlight of the dish was the perfecly cooked boiled egg that came with it, which provided for a nice surprise. The second item ordered was their wonton soup. This was actually quite good. The wontons were cooked well and the broth was good. It had nice flavor without being too salty. 

The second time going, I ordered their hainan chicken [which is served cold by the way, as it helps keep the chicken tender]. The chicken was mediocre. But how nice can cold steamed chicken really get? The rice that accompanies it is supposed to be 'seasoned.' I didn't taste much of a difference between that and their regular white rice though. I guess the highlight of the dish were the two sauces that come with. Mix em together, and you have a killer sauce which makes up for the rest of the dish. I'd probably order this dish again, just to get the sauce. 

All in all, the service is pretty good. I was surprised that everyone was being so friendly, considering the hectic days they must have had opening the restaurant. And the quickness of the food coming out was great as well. Their prices are pretty decent as well. There's nothing for more than five dollars, and all prices are tax included. 

So, if you want a cheap Chinese meal, definitely come here. And just a side note - if you go hungry, I'd avoid ordering the pork chop. The serving size is a lot smaller compared to the chicken. When I ordered the pork & wonton soup, I easily ate both [& I hate to admit it, because it makes me seem like a fatty, but I could've eaten more. =p]. However, the day I went and only ordered the chicken, I was completely content.
We first went to Big Wong during their opening week and their "Dollar Dining Days". We tried the fried chicken and the curry with Roti. Both were good, but little did we know that we weren't ordering the right items!?!?!

fast forward to tonight.....after we bailed from Ellis Island, we ended up here with Judd and Lynn to try their house speciality, Shrimp Wonton Soup, so we each got a bowl. what began as a quest to try the Shrimp Wonton Soup ended up being the three best bowls of Soup/Noodles I've had in town.

First for the shrimp wontons-clear broth, clean flavors, and the only place in town I know of that has ALL SHRIMP wontons, not combined with pork or any other fillers...WINNER!

Connie and Wai have got to be some of the nicest business owners in town. Very humble, always open to suggestions, comments and concerns that we were all chatting about, which leads Wai to have us be the FIRST ONES to try one of two upcoming ramen dishes next month.

First up, His Beef Ramen Bowl-Tender chunks of braised beef in a clean, flavorful broth over perfectly cooked ramen noodles**(THE PICTURE IS NOT THE USUAL SIZE....IT IS ABOUT 1 1/2 ORDERS SO WE ALL COULD SHARE SO NO ONE GETS CONFUSED)**ANOTHER WINNER!

Next, Wai brings us the most flavorful Shrimp Broth you'll EVER taste!
We stir some ramen noodles in, and yet another WINNER! Powerful shrimp taste with just the right amount of spice.

Seriously, if you really want a great bowl of ramen, forget Monta(yup, I said it) Wai knows what's up, and he stands by it 100%.


A UYE by Judd and Lynn is coming up soon, complete with some new menu items and special promotions, so keep an eye out for it. Thank you Connie and Wai, for great food and hospitality, and also to Judd and Lynn for  the menu suggestions. We'll definitely be back...ALOHA!!!
Big Wong is BIG on value. Though we missed the "Dollar Dining," we are very happy to have discovered this place. Luckily, my parents saved the flyer and after seeing the prices on their menu, we asked, "why not?" We went there this past Sunday evening and met the owners Wai (or was it Wayne?) and Connie and their "regulars" Judd and Lynn. Luck would have it, we are all avid cruisers. Woo Hoo...one can never have too few cruising buddies! 

Back to why we are here: the food. Big Wong's menu is limited to one page and some posted specials on the wall. After discussing the menu with Wai and Connie, their philosophy is to keep the menu simple and ensure their food is always consistent and at a reasonable price. Mission accomplished! 

I had the Hainan Chicken and my wife had the Curry Chicken. The flavoring of the Hainan style chicken was delicate and tender. You dip the chicken into the accompanying chili sauce or soy/sesame oil sauce. The included seasoned rice was fluffy and also delicately seasoned. The chicken curry was wonderful and included potatoes, however, I like a little more "kick" in my curry. Spiciness is such a subjective matter and I understand you cannot please everyone. Some people may just complain that it is too spicy. You can't subtract spiciness, but you can always add. Connie also brought a sample of their beef stew and let me tell you, the beef was so tender and delicious! Both of our portions are satisfying and don't let the price fool you. You definitely get your money's worth here! 

Looking forward to becoming regulars at Big Wong and try out their ramen and wontons.

Update 6/5/11-Since writing this review, we have been back two more times and today with my parents. I have had the Beef Ramen, Ribeye over Pasta, and my wife had the Shrimp Wontons twice. Big Wong's Beef Ramen is exquisite. They spend a lot of time preparing the bite-size chunks of beef and tendons by trimming out the fat and un-chewable membrane that you find in Chinese style beef stew. Every piece is satisfyingly tender. I asked Wai how is the broth prepared and he told me directly from the stew. Delicious and hearty. No MSG after taste here.

The wontons (immersed in a flavorful broth) are loaded with shrimp and no pork filler used here. The ribeye is also very tender and juicy (cooked medium) and comes with a pepper style gravy that you pour yourself and a sliced herbed potato.

6/17/11-Went to our first UYE here at Big Wongs. It was great to meet other Yelpers.

6/19/11-Wai has been telling me about his Dungeness Crab over rice noodles (horfun) special and I had to give it a try so we came back today. The fresh crab is steamed with ginger and served over the rice noodles with it's natural sweet crab juice. Simply delicious.
We couldn't resist Big Wong's Grand Opening special - Purchase $1 beverage and get your meal free!

We were concerned with how packed this place would be during their opening week, but we easily got a table with no wait.  Lucky us...the news was just spreading!

What surprised us most was the pleasant and welcoming reception we received when we walked in.  Yes, it may have had to do with the non-Asian face smiling at us as we walked in, but it definitely gave us a different impression of how our meal was going to be.

Getting our drink beverage orders out of the way, it was easy to decide amongst their 15 item menu.

I went for their Hoi Nam Chicken ($4.95).  They have three variations of it and I went for the Boneless Dark Meat version.  It was surprisingly moist and decent portioned.  Yes, I've had better and I've also had a lot worse (especially in Vegas) but it was decent.  The seasoned rice that accompanied it could be a bit more seasoned but it worked.

The Husband had their Shrimp Wonton Soup ($4.95).  This soup came with six generous all shrimp dumplings and some Chinese vegetables.  You have to give them credit for making it a very shrimpy dumpling with no filler.  

We didn't realize that their grand opening special was limited to one per person per visit, so we went ahead and ordered another beverage to score a couple more free entrees.

This time I went for the Curry Chicken with Roti Pancakes ($4.95).  I loved their version of the roti, not overly greasy and had a nice flaky texture and crunch.  The curry with chicken and potatoes had a good flavor too.

The Husband tried their Deep Fried Pork Chop ($4.95) and found it to be disappointing.  It wasn't quite what we expected and it was dried out.  Too bad about that one.  (Apparently you have to request crispy if you want it that way...but that's news to us!)

When it came time to pay, we then discovered that we were going to be charged for the second entrees.  Due to a waitress's mistake, they took it off the bill without any hassle, which is something we really appreciated.  They didn't even charge us for the second round of beverages, rather telling us to leave it for our server instead.  Now, you gotta love that! 

Overall, you can't complain for the price you're getting.  A decent size portion for less than five bucks, and that's including tax!  (I heard they are adding to their menu next week, so we'll see how that goes.)  A quick bite without the fuss - a simple and straight forward menu!

3.5 stars.
I also came here during their grand opening $1 specials and it was extremely busy, however I was surprised to see that the quality and presentation of their dishes did not suffer one bit. I have been back several times after their grand opening and I am still very much impressed! I have tried several of their menu items but a must have is their special wonton shrimp soup! However I think anything you try here is destined to make you a fan as you can taste a lot of love in their dishes. Second best is that they really thought about their customers' wallets...almost all items are under $5 which I think allows for more visits!
So there is no dude named Big Wong cookin in the back...

But they shoulda named it Big Right instead of Big Wrong, cuz they got the food right!
I had the beef ramen special;
Tender morsels of beef, tendon also available, broth very tasty, they have green onions as a condiment (cool) cuz I luv me some onyawns....
And for 5.95, it can't be beat!  Food came out in like 3 minutes...
If you're on the go for lunch, this is way better than any burger or subway!
This is an above average rice plate shop, so you have to have a good Chinese palate cuz there ain't any eggrolls here or sweet n sour pork.... Real deal stuff that some peeps may have never seen before... I mean nothing off the wall like intestines or pigs feet or  wax on the nipples, oooops thats a different movie...

Next on the menu is the Hoi Nam chickyy:
Served 3 ways, white, dark or 
dark w bone in, now that's a Chinese thang....

To be continued.... 

Da Wonger
I had to try this place not just because of it's absolutely hilarious name but because I'd heard it was super cheap eats.  Am a cheap eater?  No.  But was hoping this was that rare place that served good food at super low prices.  Basically, a place where they realizes their prices are too low but are too afraid to alienate their new customers.

Verdict?  Kind of.

Had the pork chop over rice and beef ramen.
1) Pork chop over rice - I'm told you have to ask for it crispy to get it...crispy.  Not sure why they do that.  I did not know this when ordering so was disappointed at the lack of...crispiness.  It was also underseasoned.  Definitely added a lot of salt to this bad boy.  Otherwise it was pretty good.  The egg that came with it had a nice, soft yolk in the middle.  My mom just learned how to cook the eggs that way and we both agree it's awesome.  Ask for this dish crispy and you won't be disappointed.
2) Beef ramen - Again....underseasoned.  But have to say this is some of the best beef I've had here in Las Vegas.  Nice and soft with a lot of flavor.  Just wish they added more salt or soy sauce to the soup base.  The noodles themselves aren't great - basically the ramen you'd get in most instant ramen.  Nothing like the ramen at Monta.  But the overall dish is pretty awesome.  Definitely a step below Monta but at half the price.  I could eat that beef with any dish and be happy.

Overall....a good option and happy they opened.  I can't say that about most of the Asian restaurants in town.  Most of what we have is a dime a dozen.  Big Wong stands out for quality for the price.
The little restaurant that could...can...will! Big Wong, located in the same plaza as the famous Monta and the equally famous Raku, is a breath of fresh air in Chinatown. The workers are so happy and welcoming to any customer that walks through the door, the food is prepared with bountiful ladles of love, and the prices are definitely budget-friendly. A perfect place to eat alone or with family and friends. 

The menu itself is small, with new menu items displayed on the walls. I noticed that there was only one vegetable dish: Fresh Vegetables in Oyster Sauce ($3.95), but I have a feeling if you have a hankering for something non-Oystery (?!?), they will be more than happy to whip something up for you that's not on the menu. 

I ordered one of the new menu items: the Fried Shrimp Wontons (10 for $4.95)- Large pieces of shrimp only lovingly wrapped in delicate wonton wrappers, and then deep fried to crunchy perfection. Served with a sweet & sour sauce. Delicious! I would order this again!

I also tried some of the Chicken Curry and Roti, which was yummy. The curry was spicy and full of hearty potatoes and quality chicken. The roti was both crispy and chewy, and was the perfect dipping tool for the curry. 

The atmosphere is casual. After you're done eating, you pay up front, so splitting the bill is quite easy. I'll be back!
Loved it! Parking was a little bit of a problem, I'm guessing due to raku and monta being in the same strip mall. I'm not sure how I could've missed the huge big wong sign before. 
We ordered a bunch of things to try - fried shrimp won tons, fried pork chops, beef curry, fried chicken w bones. Everything was $4.95-5.95 and I loved all of it. 
Service was fast and friendly, sodas (cans) were only $1. 
Shrimp won tons were light and crispy - basically what you get at dim sum. Filling was all fresh tasting chopped up shrimp, served w sweet chili sauce. 
Fried pork chop wasn't what I expected, but I still liked it. I thought it would be the usual Chinese style breaded and fried pork chop w a ton of fried garlic on the side. Instead it was more like pork chops dredged in flour and lightly pan fried. A little crispy on the edges and served with rice, a tea egg and delicious brown gravy on the side. 
Curry was good - lots of big chunks of super tender beef and tendon (which I picked out). The curry flavor was great and the heat kind of crept up on you. 
Fried chicken was crispy goodness, not much flavor on its own, but served with the same yummy gravy. I preferred to dip it in the sweet chili sauce. 
We left stuffed, with a $22 check and some leftovers. I kind of wish they had something sweet - milk tea or a small dessert, but its ok we went across the street to shuseki for honey toast! Can't wait to come back to try the ramen and udon.
I came for the " Little Big Trouble" UYE. 

The special was 2 for 1 Beef Ramen so I partnered up with Paolo to grab the deal. The whole thing was a cross of different kinda of soups- between a pho soup and oxtail soup with ramen noodles. The meat and tendon (you can ask with or without) was plentiful and tender so it was stewed long enough. Ramen noodles was quite a lot (more than Monta next door) and had good bite. Soup base was clear and clean broth, but that meant to me I needed to dress it up a bit with green onion, soy sauce, hot sauce to suit my taste. I was hungry since I didn't have lunch and this was super filling. 

Some people came at different times so we just kinda sat and hung out for hours. By the time people were trickling out the BF was there off work so it was dinner time. 

We shared-

Deep Fried Pork Chop (asked crispy)- Pretty good meat and I like the gravy sauce they give you and the soy boiled egg. 

Thin Sliced Ribeye- it was tender meat with a bit of fat on it so it's not for the lean beef sliced people. C'mon- it's ribeye. This also came with the gravy sauce and I think it went even better with the ribeye than the chop. 

Chicken curry w/ roti- the curry had good flavor and had a good sized piece of chicken (bone in) and potato. The roti was light, flaky and very hot so it's made to order. This was both my BF and my favorite and I will definitely grab this again. 

I had lunch here (about $3 for my half of the 2 for 1), dinner here and the BF had dinner here ($16 for 3 plates and 2 drinks).  I spent about $25 total with tax and tip....that's crazy! Food ranges from $4.95- $8max so its cheap and filling. 

The service here was friendly and good. We were checked on, water cups were filled often. We weren't rushed out even though we were there for hours on end and I really want to give a shoutout for the hospitality from Wai, Connie and staff! 

You cant beat the price for the quality nor the staff so I will be back.
Came to Big Wong for the "Big Trouble" event on June 17th, and i was greeted by the wonderful chef hubby & wife team as i walked through the door.  

The interior of the restaurant was bright and clean with tables spaced out evenly without an overcrowded feeling. 

The items on the menu all looked really tasty including Hainan chicken (with the choice of white or dark meat), fried chicken cutlet and udon, shrimp and wonton noodle soup (and it comes in a spicy version too!), fried wontons (it looks delish), chicken curry and roti (i ordered this one, i love roti!), and taiwanese beef noodle.

Most of all, can't really beat the price here, most items are only $5.95-7.80.  So you can easily sample a couple of items at the price tag of one in most other places.  Bottle and soft drinks are only $1.

I'll definitely recommend it to friends who's looking for a good bowl of noodle and wontons.
So I've been here 3 times and all three times, I've been impressed by food and service. 

They just started serving steamed Dungeness Crab! There was a picture posted on Yelp and I was like wait, what, Big Wong has crab?! I called and Connie confirmed they just started that special and they will have it for a couple of days. I immediately came in for dinner and it was glorious. Just steamed crab and placed on top of a bed of ho fun noodles, no seasoning, so you can taste the just out of the ocean flavor. The crab came cracked which made it much easier to enjoy. The sweet and bitter tomalley very good, especially with the juices/flavor all over the noodles. 

The shrimp soup with shrimp and wonton is really good too. The best shrimp soup I've ever had. It tastes like they took the heads of all the whole shrimp that they use, threw it in a pot and let all the tomalley, shrimpy flavors get all happy together. I really like ramen noodles because it is fresh and not dried. There is a different flavor and texture when it's not dried. I've moved passed Top Ramen.

Roti with Chicken Curry is a good starter. The roti is the kind you can get from the Asian supermarket frozen section and pan fry but the chicken curry is not something I can easily make in a jiffy. 

I also tried the Beef Ramen but I've been eating less beef so it wasn't stand out for me. 

The fried salt and pepper shrimp is good. The shrimp is not the largest but they do keep the heads on like Chinese restaurants should, so we literally ate the entire plate from shrimp head to tail.

The server/cashier FOH person, Connie, is super nice and she knows how to make you feel at home (in a Chinese restaurant). It's not fine dining but for a quick Chinese restaurant, you just need efficiency.
Came here for the buy one beef ramen, get the second free special with my boyfriend. We both got the beef ramen (of course) and an order of the fried shrimp wanton things. 
The beef was really tender and juicy, the noodles perfect. The broth wasn't really strong enough for me, but good. I would have liked more condiments to add to it, instead of just onions and chilli sauce.The fried shrimp wantons were DIVINE, though. Absolute love at first bite! 
The waitress was super sweet, taking her time to explain the menu to us, and always appearing whenever we needed something. The food was really inexpensive as well,  which I love.. Since I'm cheap.
Keep it simple.  That's what Big Wong is about!  Concentrate on doing a few dishes right and that's what I like.  =)  Overall their menu is only about 20ish items but really they are only various combinations of a base of 10 dishes?

- Hoi Nam Chicken - Basic braised chicken dish that is simple to make but not everyone can make tasty.  They got it right here.  The rice had a nice essence of chicken, the chicken was slightly salted and when paired with the sweet and tangy sauce of the side, it was quite scrumptious.
- Beef Stew - Oh comfort food.  This is it!  It had a slightly spicy kick with the sauce.  Even in warm weather, this was comforting.
- Veggies and Oyster Sauce - This dish was a little sub par.  Veggies were chopped to 2" chunks which left the fun out of eating our greens!
- Bonus:  Fried Shrimp Wonton - They served us these fresh out of the fryer!  Great shrimp flavor and happy surprise.

Conclusion:  Big Wong is a great place for simple dishes with good taste. 3.5 stars
Been here a few times already. Same friendly waitress! Which is rare for a chinese restaurant. great prices!! its cheap and good. Im a fan of the curry chicken and beef ramen.  Their wontons have no meat in it, its 100% shrimp.
This is 2 updates in 1....We came with a craving for the special Srimp Soup and on top of that we also got some ribeye courtesy of Wai...:)

A couple of weeks later, we're back for Judd's UYE and the Beef Ramen and Salt and Pepper Shrimp are a big hit! Good Times, Great food, Awesome service, and awesome people! Thanks again Judd, Lynn, and the team at Big Wong!

Definitely returning to try the Dungeness Crab dish....ALOHA!!!
Food is decent and cheap. Try the tea boiled egg, a true unique eat.

salt and peppered fried Chicken wings are a must try they come out piping hot to the core so be careful!
Mmm good food from this family run business. Got in there for a UYE with me but my "date" (see pics, haha thanks Judd and Lynn) wasn't hungry so I ate her shrimp wonton soup. Full of flavor with no filler (ie. bok choy and char siu bits). Then I followed it up by demolishing my beef ramen. Great if you're in the area looking for Asian food. Just solid, hearty helpings with their selection ranging from Malaysian chicken curry with roti to your straight, no chaser Chinese food. However don't know if I'll trek all the way from the border of Henderson (which is where I live) to visit. I enjoyed my time there with the Yelp crew, Judd, Lynn and the owners as they were incredibly gracious and generous hosts with the TWO FOR 1 ramen bowl deal!! Yee!
This place is inexpensive and totally the best place for a family and quick meal...

1.  Location and Parking - Very easy.

2.  Hours - They open at 10:00 am.How great is that

3.  Food - Here we go...

a.  Hoi Nam Gai Fan or Hainanese Chicken Rice - I love this stuff. I can eat so much of it.  How places do you know have this here in Vegas?

b.  Beef Noodles - Brooth is awesome. The meat is just like in San Francisco, the Brisket and tendons cooked to a very tender style.

c.  Rib Eye and Rice - Flavorful and tender.

d.  Curry Beef and rice - Again, they use the braised brisket of beef.  This is so tasty!

4.  Decor - Just fine for 5.00 meals.

5.  You gotta go. Divert from the fast food places and come here. This is so cheap and good it is ridiculous.

IT Rocks.
Came back for a UYE and had an awesome dinner once again, this time I tried the salt and pepper shrimp woohoo. A favorite is still the Big Wong Special Shrimp Soup and ramen. Every time I return I pay close attention to their newest additions displayed on neon colored posters always looking for my next favorite.  Their pricing is also among the best in Chinatown. They now have dessert like almond pudding and rotti with condense milk.
Another great visit - same great food at dirt cheap prices. This time we tried curry chicken w rice, pork chops again, crab w noodles, chicken wings and beef noodle soup. I think I liked the chicken curry better than the beef because it had potatoes. 

It was $16 for the whole crab, and was pretty good but I wouldn't get it again. It was a steamed crab served over flat rice noodles with a soy ginger dipping sauce on the side. The crab itself was kind of small and the head was emptied, which is a shame since the best part is mixing rice into whatever juice is in the crabs head. 

Chicken wings were as delicious as they look -  crunchy, slight heat from the jalapenos. I'm thinking it has a lot of msg, which is fine w me. It was prepared basically how salt and pepper pork chops are in Chinese restaurants. 

I was a little disappointed in the noodle soup. The brisket was great just like in the curry - fork tender and full of flavor. Noodles were good, but the broth was pretty bland. I just tried some of my friends, but its probably good if you add siracha hot sauce and soy sauce. 

They've added the specials written on the wall to their menu, which is a huge help. Another positive is that they have fun soft drinks! We had Welch's grape soda and Sunkist orange soda! Can't go wrong with that.
Although we were not too impressed with the food the first time we came here, we thought we would give this place another try after reading all the good reviews about it.  Well, I can officially say that I am a fan now. What a difference a couple months make as their dishes are now so flavourful and delicious.  We ordered the beef ramen (Japanese ramen with Chinese style beef stew combo), curry beef over rice and stir fried ong choy. The beef ramen came with quite a lot of stewed beef and tendons and a very generous portion of ramen.  For lunch and $5.95 this was more than enough to fill the tummy.  The broth was quite tasty and the stewed beef was very tender. The curry beef was also very good with just the right amount of curry spice for me.  There wasn't quite enough curry sauce for the big bowl of rice though.  I had to ask for a little more sauce to finish up my rice. The stir fried ong choy with shrimp paste was okay for me.  It could have been a little more flavorful, but not bad for the price of $4.95.  Great food with dirt cheap prices!!  I will definitely be back to try their other dishes.  

I took one star away because I had to ask for more curry sauce and the customer sat behind me did the same for his wonton noodle soup.
Since last visit, I have sampled:

chicken curry- w/ roti;  good solid yellow curry, I prefer more heat myslef, but it's good for the masses... roti is served Chinese see-tyle, like a pancake....ask if you want more crispy, they will fry it longer.....
BIG portion! I barely finished it and had food coma later.

fried porkchop- thinly fried filets of pork, with a special gravy for dipping...had to get extra gravy cuz i poured it all over the rice, yummmm.
if you want more pizazzzzz, ask them to make it with the salt n pepper batter...that's how Wai makes it for himself....

as always, friendly service, i feel more like friends or family.... we always talk about food or New York or whatever.....

for any new readers, this place is solid and the prices can't be beat.....there is no other joint like this in town, at least with a variety menu like this.....

so come and try it....you'll like it

if it's not Big Wong then it can't be right....

C
The restaurant itself is clean and comfortable. There were't any other patrons while we were there, so the service was quick and attentive.

Most of the dishes are extremely cheap. We had some chicken wings that tasted great. It's definitely fun to be able to choose a few different dishes to eat as opposed to the one or two you'd be limited to at most other restaurants where the prices are higher. 

Overall a fun place to have a bite of cheap tasty food.
Shrimp Won Tons- This is one of the best things I've ever eaten for both taste and value. You get 10 for $4.95. They were perfectly cooked and the shrimp was succulent.

Stir-fried Bok Choy- You get a huge order which is too much to finish and they were a tad too greasy. A half order would be perfect.

Salt & Peper Chicken Wings- My boyfriend loved these. You get 10 for $4.95. 

Chicken Curry with Roti Pancakes- The curry, potatoes and pancakes were all yummy.

The waitress was wonderful, helpful and had a really happy positive attitude. Overall, we're defintely going back later this year when we're in Vegas again to try the Salt & Pepper Shrimp and the Shrimp Soup!
**Summary**
       - Flavor - The slow cooked beef in the beef ramen is definitely a head turner. Some of their other items are a bit hit or miss.
       - Value - You can't go wrong with most of the dishes being under $5. This place is, without a doubt, a good value
       - Decor - The inside is simple and reminds me a lot of the hole in the wall restaurants in cali. However, those places are also really good.
**Ordered**
       - $5.95 #15 Beef Ramen - Slow cooked fork tender beef brisket in ramen. The broth really has the flavor of the beef in it. This is a must try (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1ZnVfS-qP19upP_fwOhZsA?select=_Ol_FjEJS3TDp11m7amNLQ).
       - $4.95 #21 Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings - The chicken was moist and delicious. I tend to like salty foods so this was perfectly seasoned for me (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1ZnVfS-qP19upP_fwOhZsA?select=MOolbZ9HluooQUfoGXmCeQ).
       - $4.95 #2 Authentic Hoi Nam Chicken Over Special Seasoned Rice - The chicken comes with a soy based sauce and a chili sauce rather than the usual ginger and green onion sauce. The chicken was a little dry, but the sauce and rice were tasty (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1ZnVfS-qP19upP_fwOhZsA?select=vLkVcA20AojLDusn38f2fA).
       - $4.95 #8 Authentic Curry Chicken Service with 3 Roti Pancakes - Chicken was a little dry and the potatoes were under cooked. The curry was OK, but the roti pancakes, if you don't mind a bit of oil, were spectacular. I'd order the pancakes alone if I could (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1ZnVfS-qP19upP_fwOhZsA?select=Mrul8D6-5mwJ-26rna6d5w).
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place for a cheap meal. The beef ramen is probably one of the best I've had.
The dishes I picked are so-so. The beef ramen is pretty good though. 

Hanoi Chicken - really dry. I wonder why they don't have the ginger and green onion sauce....The flavored rice is decent. 

Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings - kinda salty. I think there are a lot of MSG since I sorta got a headache after lunch. 

The food's really cheap so I guess three stars will do.
A small menu but every item is a gem. The waitress explained every dish. We had chicken curry , beef curry, special rice, a roti pancake, beef ramen, salt and pepper chicken wings, and shrimp wonton soup. Delicious and very reasonably priced.
Certainly can't beat the price, the curry that came with the roti canai was wonderful.  Wife had the soup udon and loved it!  Can't wait to go back and try other items.
I went back again and had to review.

They have expanded the menu, and usually this makes me worry, but they are doing it right.

I tried the Ribeye Steak Special, a thick cut choice ribeye, with rice, and one side (I went with baby bok choy).  All for only $9.95!!!

The food is amazing, the staff is friendly, and the prices are insanely cheap, if you haven't been here yet, you're missing out.
I have been here twice and was not disappointed either times.

My favorite has to be the curry chicken with roti (pancakes).  The chicken in the curry is oh-so tender. Take a piece of that chicken, put it on a piece of the warm fluffy crispy roti, dip that into the curry...yum yum yum.  The curry has so much flavor.

The Hoi Nam chicken with rice, on the other hand, was a tad bit dry.  The rice was delicious though.  Maybe because we got the white meat??? Either way, I will give dark meat a try next time.

Pork Chop over rice...the main star for us, however, is the egg.  How did  the chef got the yolk of the hard boiled egg to be soft and fluffy beats me...it was definitely interesting in the good way.  The pork chop tasted good with that gravy that accompanied it.

Beef ramen was actually tasty.  I am not a big fan of beef, but I thought it was season nicely, with tender tendon and beef brisket.  There was a lot of noodles in there too.  We got really full.

I have to say though, the staff are super friendly.  My cup was always half full :)

and I must also mention that the prices are cheap...
Bing wong you're a song you make me want to roll my tummy down and munch!!!

Thats how much I love big wong! Its simple no nonsense cheap food who bring a delight to your tummy and absolute bliss to those hainanese chicken rice.

Having eaten hainanese chicken rice in London, Los Angeles, Singapore and Jakarta, I can honestly says that they have one of those great one that remind you of home. 

Thank you las vegas for having big wong and if you ever in las vegas and would like to try some extraorinary cuisine that will not make a hole in your pocket. Get your ass in here. Order some fried wonton, followed with number 2. OH YEAH!!!
I wanna thank Monta for having a long line of wait.. Because of you, I found this little gem inside the plaza, and I couldn't be happier. :)

Our first reaction after glancing at the menu was, "WHY IS IT SO CHEAP?!" most of the items on the menu ranged from $4.95-6.95. Yes, $5 lunch! You don't have to go to mcdonalds for cheap meal anymore. 

We ordered:
-beef ramen: it tasted like ramen in oxtail soup. The server asked if we don't tendon in the soup. Of course we said yes! Generous portion. 
-deep fried pork chop over rice: think of pork cutlet without all the crispy batter. The sauce that comes with it is so good! It also comes with hardboiled egg on the side.
-salt and pepper shrimp: need I say more?

What made it a true 5 star restaurant was the service. A male server greeted us and sat us in the corner right underneath the a/c because the restaurant is a little warm. He was very attentive and constantly checking up on us. In my bfs words: "I feel like I'm at a fine dining restaurant!"

My new favorite Chinese place to go. Can't wait until I bring all my friends here! :)
I had been itching to try this place because of all the raving reviews on the great prices Bing Wong has to offer. 

My friend and I came here Monday during our lunch break from CSN. Perfect prices for starving college students. To our surprise the interior of the place was really nice and clean. My friend was expecting something iffy inside since the windows were all black on the outside. Right when we walk in, a man sitting at a table points to tables that are apparently hit with the air conditioned well. Then our waitress asks for our drinks, when she came back she immediately asked if we were ready to order. Since we were both first timers we asked for more time to look over the menu. She left as soon as we answered and then she literally walked to the cash register and came right back to ask us if we were ready to order for the second time. This was kind of irritating especially since the gap she gave us was practically 30 seconds. None the less we ordered. I ordered the rib eye over pasta, while my friend ordered the curry beef. The orders came pretty fast, which was good since we were both hungry. However the food wasn't as pleasing as we had hoped. 

steak over pasta- no special char on the steak, which makes me think it was cooked on a regular skillet (similar to how my parents would cook it in the kitchen) and then the pasta was angel hairwith some sauce on the side. We both expected some type of asian noodles rather than angel hair, oh well . The sauce did give the dish a little flavor but overall it was still kinda bland. This dish was okay, I don't think I would order it again. 

curry beef- the color of the beef was brown while were expecting a mustard color.  None the less there was still faint taste of curry. It wasn't as strong as we like. Yet again another dish I don't think I would order again. 

Although the prices are extremely cheap, I don't know if I recommend anyone else to come here. But I always do like to give places with great reviews a second chance and I probably will since it's so cheap. I mean what do I have to lose, right?
Their menu prices are pretty excellent. You probably won't even believe it. Dishes are MOSTLY $4.95 with a select few that are slightly higher, but the majority is $4.95. Talk about a bargain.

I really like their salt and pepper pork chops (spicy, though) and their beef ramen ($5.95) was a pretty big portion (I anticipated something smaller).

I'll always be coming back here and eventually I'll try most of their menu :).
OK, my second update is because I have found myself craving Big Wong's Hainan Chicken twice in the last 3 days. The first time was while we were at an Eastside Asian restaurant where the Hainan Chicken was $18/half $25/whole and I thought to myself, "Man, for this kind of money I could be up to my neck in Hainan Chicken at Big Wong!" And the second time was just now. Talk about slow simmer, it's been a couple months since I've eaten there and I want to go back. 

"You don't know what you got till it's gone." - Cinderella (1988)

I will do my best to campaign for Big Wong to be on our Mr. Tofu Circle Of Frequent Eats (I just made that up, we don't actually have an official Mr. Tofu Circle Of Frequent Eats, but it sounds cool - like a Disneyland ride.) I am happy that Big Wong exists. The value is undeniable. It will be my next solo meal mission for sure!
4.5 stars rounded up.  I adore the ppl that work here.  Forgive me if I misspell their names, but Wei and Huyen are just so wonderful and friendly.  More importantly, they had no qualms about recommending other types of restaurants.  It just shows that they're genuine ppl.  Wei definitely pays attention to every detail of his restaurant.  Even the bathroom was spotless.  I saw him take his lunch with a couple of customers that looked to be regulars.  This is a very down to earth place.  As for the food, I thought it was good.  I had the beef ramen.  I was given plenty meat, and when I was running low on broth, Huyen brought over more broth.  I had some left over, and she packed it up for me and included extra broth.  Incredible customer service.  My fiancee ordered the Hainanese chicken and salt baked shrimp.  I thought both dishes were good.  The chicken itself was not very flavorful though.  I know that it is simply poached, but I've had it before where it was more gingery.  Wei mentioned that he was vamping the menu soon to include new dishes and some desserts.  I can't wait to come back and see what he has to offer!
I have been to the Big Wong ,twice and both times the food was pretty good. 
          The first time I had the Hainan chicken and the shrimp won tons with ramen  The hainan chicken and the dipping sauce was  solid and the rice was flavorful. 
          Shrimp won ton ramen was tasty, the won tons had whole pieces of shrimp inside. I know some people rave about this but I prefer a  minced shrimp filling with water chestnuts , green onions etc.  The broth was clear and flavorful , the ramen was cooked perfectly.       
         
            My second trip ordered the crispy pork chop, but got the crispy chicken instead, no problem I can adapt. The problem was the chicken lacked flavor and the dipping sauce was the pan drippings and was not very good.   I also had the beef curry  with rice and no tendons,  ,glad they asked  if I wanted tendon's given choice I rather eat meat then tendons.  I'll eat tendons if I'm still hungry and its the only thing left on my plate.
             The beef curry was very good and more then made up for the crispy chicken.  I rate the food a very solid  3 stars and with the great service and super value it gets another star . Big Wong you get a 4 star review , thank you I will be back!!
Its a little awkward telling someone you just ate at Big Wong....

"You just ate a big.....what?" HA HA HA

Cheap Chinese Food doesn't have a positive ring to it. But this place is all about good food, good prices, good quality. Most Chinese restaurants are overly greasy and leave you with a less than satisfactory taste of MSG. But you'll leave Big Wong's with a full tummy and they won't put a dent in your bank account.

Right next door to Monta, they're not there to have a ramen battle. Their ramen is NOT Japanese style; its a cross between pho & oxtail soup with ramen noodles thrown in. But there's so much variety, be sure to try the rest of the menu--99% of it is $4.95. So don't be cheap and order a few different dishes. A few suggestions: crispy shrimp wontons, salt & pepper wings, & the chicken curry.

Happy NOM-ing.

TIP: Call ahead! They do take-out and they use quality containers, not those cheesy chinese-y boxes.
Went here in response to the article in the weekly and was not disappointed. We were greeted with a friendly smile and our server was one of the sweetest people I have ever met, she was just wonderful! On to the food: beef ramen, spicy shrimp and wonton ramen, Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce, salt and pepper fried pork chop, chicken wings , the boiled chicken( we chose the dark meat) with rice and two dipping sauces ( forget what it was called)  and garlic bok choy. Yes we were hungry, and ended up taking half of it home. Everything was delicious, not one complaint about the experience as a whole. We will definitely be back .
First of all, I commend the owners for opening a restaurant next to both Raku and Monta, highly rated and well loved restaurants.  In a move I was almost ashamed to make steps from Monta, I got the beef ramen.  It was as good as I've had anywhere.  The broth was delicious and the slow cooked beef was tender and delicious.  It was the first time I had beef tendon and I was pleasantly surprised.  We also got the curry dish with pancakes and that was very good as well.  Most of the dishes are around $5 and are very generous portions.

We were there when they were not busy and the staff was super friendly and helpful to us picking out dishes.  We enjoyed everything we ordered and even discovered a delicious type of chili sauce that they have on the tables that I have since purchased and use at home.

There was not much fault in our experience, but I have to mention that it smelled pretty bad in the dining room the night we were there.  Not joking, the restrooms smelled better than the dining room.  My wife wanted to walk out right away the smell was so strong.  Get that figured out and I'll go back.
Coming from NY , have had trouble finding a good Chinese restaurant...Big Wong is fabulous...Have tried most everything on the menu and have not been disappointed!!
Limited menu, but good cheap eats with most dishes $6 or less.

+ Curry chicken was a large portion of tender chunks of chicken and potatoes in a delicious curry sauce with a bit of heat. Came with white rice
+ Food came out quickly. Probably waited less than 10 minutes.
+ Wasn't busy when I stopped by around noon on a Monday.
+ Clean interior
I have been back more times than I can count, and the food is always top notch. 

Recently I have been on a Ramen fix, their Beef Ramen is some of the best I've ever had, they serve up a big bowl, the broth is rich, they aren't skimpy with the beef, and you can get tendon if you like. (I'm not a tendon fan but it was pretty decent.) And it's under $6!

They also have a steak special that is Under $10, the steak is good (cooked on a flat top so it's a little different) and the sides are fresh (the baby bok choi is amazing)!

Also they've been serving up a mango pudding, I don't know if it's on the menu officially yet, but it's really good, and I'm sure they'll serve up an order for you if you want.

I have to go back to try the Soy Sauce Chicken and the other new Chicken Special.

The staff is friendly and the price is cheap, it's hard to beat Big Wong.

you know I'll be back
MAKE A RUN FOR IT! Ran through my head as I walked into Big Wong today. The parking lot was full and when I walked in, the restaurant was eerily empty. That would be enough for me to turn around and show myself out, but I remembered how good the food was the last time. Instead of turning heel, I sat in the corner table upfront. 10 minutes pass, no one came in. I really had this place to myself. Out comes my beef ramen with tendon and I questioned why it was dead at 4:30 on a Thursday. 

The beef was plentiful, tender, juicy, large chunks. The tendon were melt in your mouth good. There were double takes to make sure I was not devouring colossal pieces of fat. The noodles had more of a chew than my tendons. Take that as a compliment, because there is nothing worst than over cooked noodles. These had the perfect bite. The broth is simple and flavorful. Sriracha and green onions are the condiments provided and that was enough flavor to get me to pick up the bowl and slurp down every last drop. I ended my meal with a mango pudding. The bits of mango floating within was a nice touch.

Now let me go all Rachel Ray on everybody; Beef Ramen $5.95, Mango Pudding $1.25, and tip=$10. That is a meal that is easy on the wallet.

The waitress is very soft spoken and meek. With that being said, she was extremely nice, very unlike other Chinese restaurants.
Cheap, quick, and solid Chinese food off the strip.  

The Mom and Pop restaurant houses a relatively simple space that serves a variety of rice, noodle, and soup dishes.  

Prices are great with everything under $10 and the orders come out fast.  Appears popular with the Chinese speaking crowd. 

Beef Ramen - several reviews mention this so we had to order.  In reality, it's just Chinese beef noodle soup but using ramen noodles.  Perhaps an attempt by the owners to capitalize on the ramen craze. Overall, broth was clear and tasty but not as flavorful as most top ramen places in California or NYC.   Beef pieces were very tender and the tendons were melt in your mouth. 

Hainan Chicken - tender boneless dark chicken meat.  Had to ask for the minced garlic.  Overall found the dish a bit muted in flavor but better with the sauces. 

Baby bok choy - stir fried in wok.  Standard fare.  

Salt and pepper chicken wings - delicious.  Nice slices of pepper.  Perfectly deep fried. Good stuff. 

Overall we had a good meal.  Big Wong isn't in the league of any joint in SF, LA, Vancouver or NYC but for Vegas, it's a nice find.  Their soy sauce chicken looks fantastic...maybe next time. 

Big Wong accepts credit cards but not Amex.
Finally made it to this restaurant and it soooo good!  And cheap!  Try the steamed chicken with mushrooms, chinese sausage, and broccoli.  Extremely tasty.  

We also tried the baby bok choy, chicken curry roti, steamed chicken, beef curry, and salt and pepper wings.  All that for $26!  We couldn't eat all the food and have leftovers for dinner tomorrow.  You really can't beat it.  I could probably eat three plates of the chicken curry roti, if left to my own devices.

No alcohol, but some folks in the back were doing BYOB.
I came here by myself for a quick lunch the other day.  I ordered nothing but their house special ~ Beef ramen.  Everything was fine except this time it wasn't as tasty as the 1st time I had it.  I saw more new menu items on the wall.  And yes, they are serving congee now but only one kind, can't remember what kind though.  If you like eating dirt cheap and authentic Chinese comfort food.  Come here!!
This place quickly became a new favorite. $4.95 for a hearty, authentic meal that fills me up?! I'm there! 

Already tried a few dishes: the beef ramen $5.95, the pork chop with udon $4.95, 2 different chicken and rice dishes $4.95 ea., steak and rice dish $4.95... the chef is more than willing to adjust a dish to your needs (for example, I order everything extra spicy. He doesn't just throw in hot sauce either, he actually cooks the broth spicy!). 

There is a great selection on the menu... rice, noodles, soups, curries, vegetables, etc. A daily special is listed on the wall. 

Their ramen and udon noodle soups are FANTASTIC; however, they are missing vegetables. It's just noodles and broth with meat in the bowl or on the side. They do provide a metal container of green onions to add to the soup, but I think the dishes would be 5 stars if they had more substance (onions, cabbage, bamboo, etc..) However, if you don't like vegetables, this place is definitely for you!

So in a nutshell... great food, decent service (authentic Chinese-style), unbeatable prices, and dishes come out quickly. I most certainly recommend it!
Finally got to try this place after months of reading the reviews and dreaming of a big bowl of shrimp wonton soup. It was well worth the wait. The wontons were delicious, the broth was a little spicy, which I loved, and the ramen was perfectly cooked. Pricing was more than reasonable and I left very sated.
A few of us stopped in after the Elite event at PJ Clarke's, ready for some serious econo eats. I couldn't decide between the Ribeye Plate or Shrimp Wontons with Ramen, so I got 'em both, and they were hella good as always!

Connie and Wai were hospitable as always, and were even nice enough to send out some fried shrimp wontons to our table. Good food and good times with good people....ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(84/365) " Serious Econo Eats"
We went here for the first time after the Elite Event at PJ Clarke's with a bunch of other Yelpers.  The predominant thought running through my head after looking at this menu was "Why the hell did it take me so long to come here??".

Super cheap prices!  You could spend more and get far less at any fast food restaurant.  I got the Hai Nam chicken and my wife for the shrimp soup with udon.  Both were very tasty and filling.  We finished up our meal splitting an almond jello dessert for a whopping bill of $11.20.

Great, friendly service too.  The staff knew a lot of the guys in the group by name.  The owner came in to say hello and gave us a few plates of shrimp wonton appetizers on the house.  There were so many other dishes that looked great.  A lot of people in the group doubled up on entrees since they were so cheap and I look forward to trying more of the menu.  Consider me a Big Wong believer!!
3 stars for the food, 4 stars for the price, 1 star for the service. Ambiance? Well, it's a classic 'cheap eats, hole-in-the-wall joint', so nuff said. Read about the place in an old Las Vegas Weekly mag and put it on the list of 'places to try'. My guy was hungry for beef ramen, so we had beef ramen, hoi nam chicken with special rice, and salt n pepper chicken wings. The beef ramen was tasty but um... it tasted like pho. The broth had that distinct 'anise' flavor that adding 'five spice' brings. Our first tip off should have been when our chubby waitress said "you want tendons with that?" (we did). If you want your ramen to taste like pho, this is the place. The hoi nam chicken came with special rice and 2 sauces. The rice and sauces made the poached chicken very yummy. The star was the salt n pepper chicken wings. I would go back for them wings and for anything else they serve 'salt n pepper'  style. That was the winner! Our 3 orders set us back about $15, less than a drink at a hi-style restaurant on the Strip, so no complaints about the price. The service was a joke. The chubby waitress with the pony tail and glasses was/is the quintessential inefficient wait help: slow to come over and take your order, slow in bringing the check, all the while acting flustered like she is overwhelmed (the place doesn't have a zillion tables). The party next to us finally got tired of waiting for their check so they just left money on the table and walked out, the chubby waitress barely took notice... guess she figured they left money, so why rush over. How's that for slow service?
I've certainly had better noodles and food.  The restaurant is a mixture of Chinese with some Malaysian and Japanese thrown in.  The chef is Chinese but I think he really needs to be careful but his seasoning of his food especially the noodle soups.  The soup was bland.  Salt and pepper chicken wings were good, and so was the chicken curry with the roti.  The Hainanese Chicken rice was just OK.  The chicken was over cooked.  I must say it's cheap but the food had better be good too in order for the people to keep flocking here.
Wow.. This place is amazing. My boyfriend and I order Deep fried chicken udon soup and it was so good. The server were so friendly and the food was so cheap!
Big Wong's Special Shrimp Soup with Wontons(ALL shrimp, no fillers) and Ramen Noodles has got to be the best bowl of soup and noodles available in Chinatown, possibly even in all of Las Vegas....flavorful broth and perfectly cooked ramen noodles each time I get it. Perfect, especially in this chilly weather!

No other bowl of noodles compare, IMHO.....Taiwan Deli? Nope. Pho Kim Long? Not even close. Monta? try again. Ichiza? No way. Haven't  tried Bejing Noodle Cafe yet, but Big Wong has my vote...

Even more awesome is that Wai was nice enough to go ahead and SUPER SIZE our bowls, doubling up on everything!!!! Salt and Pepper Shrimp was perfection as well. Connie told us about the new Dessert Roti, and right away, we got two orders because neither of  us was gonna share our dessert!

Soft, warm, and the perfect amount of sweetness with condensed milk drizzled on top with a light sprinkling of powdered sugar. a nice sweet ending to a meal. Even sweeter is that they are just a dollar each!

Thanks again Connie and  Wai for such great food, and even greater hospitality.....ALOHA!!!
First time dining @ Big Wong Restaurant tonight.  Found this place thanks to Yelp. 

Ordered the following items:
- curry chicken w/ 3 roti pancakes (curry was flavorful, but it's small dish with about 3 pieces of chicken & 2 potatoes)
- house special shrimp wonton with ramen soup (came with 5 shrimp wontons; loved the broth - just the right taste to my liking, wasn't too salty; did not skimp on the ramen)
- special deep fried chicken over rice (chicken was fried just right.. really juicy and really liked how it was boneless.. however we weren't not crazy about the sauce it came with. We just dipped our chicken in the curry from the prior dish.)

Our meal with an order of 2 sodas came to just over $16.00! What a deal! Our server (who may be one of the owners) was pretty friendly as well. Not an extensive selection of items on the menu, but we are still looking forward to our next visit & trying different items. 

So if you're looking for cheap eats, this is the place!
We had a party of 10. The server was so nice and very knowledgeable. The food was very delicious and afforable. We had no problems with our food. Everything was so good. My favorite dish was deep fried shrimp wonton (it is so crispy and juicy), fried chicken wings and the $1.00 dessert roti (it is so addicting). I will come back to this place in the future.
Big wong, so right!

Loved loved the beef/tendon "ramen".  It was the clear kind and the broth was sooo good.  The noodles are true to the ramen name.  Chewy, delicious, but more the kind you find in japanese noodles, not hong kong/chinese style beef stew.  

The rest of the items were good but if you come, come for the beef stew ramen for sure.
Most of dishes come with rice are $4.95 all day! Curry chicken is really good. Soy sauce chicken is good for two people($6.95) but you need to pay $0.75 for a bowl of rice. It is my favorite! Sweetened pancake is good too, only $1/each. Love this place, good service, good food and good price. Their bathroom is nice and clean too!
Was craving for some taiwanese beef noodles and found this place listed as one of them since ay chung went out of business.  We went in and there were only a few customers in there, but oh well we went pretty early on a weekday (about 6pm). The prices are the lowest for chinese food I have seen in the LV area. We ordered  a curry chicken pancake as appetizer, beef noodles, and wonton noodles. Of course we were way too greedy, we couldn't finish everything for the 2 of us (not to mention my husband also a mango pudding for dessert).  Everything taste great and the prices are too good to be true. The only disappointment is my husband wanted some taiwanese beef stew noodles and the one from big wong is not quite it (even though it tastes good).  The owners are very friendly and attentive. Big wong is a must go place if you want some cheap HK style food.
Hmm I'm trying to think of what to write or where I should start.... Big Wong was absolutely amazing! My bf and I ordered salt and pepper chicken wings and pork chops. It was all together so juicy. The chicken wings were so plump, well seasoned, not at all oily not dry, and it was so crispy. Once u take the first bite the juices start running down. My bf ordered the beef ramen with tendon. It was a fish comparable to Monta soy broth noodles. The also ordered the ong choy sauted with garlic. Very good!!! Lastly to top off dinner we ordered the lychee and almond pudding. Mmm tastes like a creamy marzipan!!! Needless to say we were very impressed and this is definitely my type soul food!!
First thing: They just have really darkly tinted windows, but hop right in! They're open!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commitment to fresh and good-quality ingredients, low-priced meals, nice plastic containers (New York style), and most dishes for only five dollars with tax included wins Big Wong's five stars.

I  first came during their dollar extravaganza days, tried their chicken roti, hoi nam chicken, beef ramen, wonton soup, and have since those days gone back about three different times. They do most things quite well, and probably do most things best in Las Vegas.

They are a caf different from KJ's Kitchen, Wendy's Caf and U&Me Caf. Different doesn't mean better. Different just means different. 

I enjoyed their salt and pepper chicken wings. I heard from the owner that his recipe is 25-30 years old. The skin is very crispy, and the chili slices add much flavor to the skin. But to be fair, how can you go wrong with chicken wings and salt and pepper?

My favorite dish is the curry chicken roti. The day that I went, they ran out of curry chicken, but they let me do the beef curry and just pay $1.50 more for extra roti. It was so delicious! The curry is not too thin or thick, just the right texture for you to dip your roti. The chicken is tender and moist, even beneath the curry.

Another notable offering they have is the fried wonton. The shrimp inside was so juicy, the skin outside was so crisp, and everything just worked so well together with the tangy sauce. 

The hoi nam chicken can come on the bone or deboned with dark meat or white meat, so it's up to you to choose. We got dark meat on the bone, but have also tried boneless. It comes with no extra sauce. The rice is pretty good. I'd have to say that my favorite Hainan (Hoi Nam) chicken rice is still from Savoy in Alhambra, CA. However, in Las Vegas, this is a pretty good version. U&Me Caf also has an okay version.

Definitely, when you're done with your meal, order their mango or almond jello. I have tried both. The jellos are extravagance in a cup. There's real fruit inside of the jello cup, and it looks so simple, but if you really think about it, the flavor pairings are simply culinary genius: real longan inside of almond jello. Mm... yum!

My favorite thing about Big Wong's is that the chef really prides himself in not compromising in quality for quantity. He provides both those things. 

Service is great. Connie is very quick to take your order, and quick to deliver your food. I believe another waitress, Winnie, is also there and she helps to run food as well.

This place is great for large groups, couples, or for a quick solo lunch. Prices are so affordable, that I can go back again and again without my wallet hurting, unlike its surrounding restaurants.
Chicken curry roti and beef curry over rice were delicious. Also recommend the almond pudding with lychee.
Super cheap and relatively large portions.  Overall, a good place to grab a quick bite to eat for lunch or dinner.  none of the dishes were mind blowing, but definitely better than some of the other places located by China Town...
ordered curry chicken with roti, salt and pepper chicken wing and almond pudding.
everything taste good.
service is excellent. 
you must try the almond pudding. it's really good.
I had a late lunch with my husband and 5-yr old son at Big Wong. We read a review in Seven magazine and had to try the crispy shrimp wontons. The wontons were exactly as described - light, crispy, and very flavorful. I had the special deep fried chicken over rice. Very good. My son had the special shrimp wonton soup and Mr. Picky-eater scarfed most of it down. We brought the leftovers home & he just finished off the last of it. My husband had the beef ramen and salt & pepper chicken wings. He proclaimed it all delicious. We split the fresh vegetables in oyster sauce and I have to say, they were perfectly steamed with just the right amount of oyster sauce, not swimming in it. Lastly, I topped it off with the almond pudding. Heavenly with a nice amount of lychees mixed in. 2 appetizers, 3 substantial main courses, 1 side dish enough for all three of us, and dessert came in right at $30. Anywhere else would have run us $50-$70.

The restaurant was small, but very clean and they keep the kitchen open to view, and it was very evident the owners take a lot of pride in keeping things clean and hygienic. The ladies restroom was a pleasant surprise. Very well appointed and very clean. Usually, restrooms in most restaurants can be a bit scary. I say if the owners put this much attention on cleanliness and quality in their restrooms, an area often overlooked by other eating establishments, then they must put even more emphasis on cleanliness in the kitchen and the quality of the food. In this case, I'm right. All through the meal, I heard the chef (owner?) directing the cooks with cautions on not to overcook this, oversteam that, etc... It is clear they take a lot of pride in their business and are committed to delivering quality at prices that are extremely easy on the wallet. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
It's definitely a good place to get Chinese food in CHEAP PRICE. You can get big portion of Hainam chicken rice for $5, and Hong Kong style milk tea for just a dollar. Nowhere can beat their price! Reason I only gave it 3 stars?? I am a foodie and I care about how food tastes more than its price. Their food comes in big portion but flavor is okay. "Dungeness crab over rice noodles" only serves by order in advance. You have to call in the morning and place order in advance. Then restaurant staff will buy fresh crab from market and do preparation before you come in. I gave it 3.5 stars in my opinion.
The noodles were bland. I ordered the noodles with steak and my friend ordered the curry noodles.  Both were bland.  The prices were good and the service was friendly but this place was not worth going back to especially since it's in the same shopping square as Monta.
today i went to try their steam crab with flat rice noodle and curry beef. I needed to order the crab dish when I woke up. Then they went to a chinese super market to buy the fresh one for you. when I arrived, they show me the raw crab. I waited about 20mins. When it came, it looks so fresh, i felt the crab' soul was still there and begging me not to eat it, but i did eat it. Taste very good. The curry beef was not bad but i felt that it missed something. i didnt know what it missed, dont ask me. I perfer u and me cafe's curry. and the dishes are very cheap. so it worth to try.
this place is awesome.  the food tastes great, the prices are reasonable, and the owners are friendly.  my personal favorite is the salt and pepper chicken wings and the fried chicken ramen.  i have eaten the beef ramen, steam chicken, chicken curry, shrimp won ton ramen, ribs in black bean sauce, crispy shrimp won ton, and choy sum.  ALL tastes great.
I love wontons and have searched the world over for great wontons. I have hit all the top wonton cities: Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Vancouver, L.A., S.F. and found some of the best shrimp wontons at The Big Wong in Vegas, who knew??? Wonton lovers, you won't be disappointed. :D  

We also tried their fried pork chops served with a freshly made sauce,  excellent and their Roti (a sweet fried crepe Thai dessert) was to die for.

Owners were very friendly, prices very fair. Overall, this will be one of my favorite Vegas eats.
First off I wish you could give half stars.This was a solid 3and a half stars for me. Went last night with the hubby around 10:30 pm (they close at 11pm) there were two tables of customers one of which the owner was sitting at. She got up quickly and welcomed us in. We ordered several dishes to share. Beef ramen, shrimp wonton soup(no noodles), salt and pepper chicken wings and fried shrimp wontons.The order of fried wontons came out in less than 5 minutes! they were all shrimp and delicious but just a tad bit greasy. Beef ramen and wonton soup came next. Hubby started to eat the ramen and I could tell after two bites he was so not into it. My wonton soup was great..filled with tender all shrimp wontons nice greens and a very soothing broth. I said lets switch. He gladly gave me the big bowl of ramen( have to say the portion for 4.95 is quite large) The noodles were okay(not overcooked which for me would be a huge sin for ramen) the beef was tender but fatty and the broth..eww just not for us. Then came the chicken wings just in time to save the day! OMG! So delicious! Perfectly crispy skin and amazingly juicy with just the right amount of spice. Would go again just for the wings! The chef and owner came by to ask how everything was and noticed right away the still full bowl of ramen and asked what was wrong. We told them the noodles were good and beef was okay ..the broth just not to our taste. They explained to us they use plain broth in their ramen (not seasoned and no msg). We said no problem three out of four is not bad . We were soon finished and got the check. I was a little surprised they didn't take the ramen off the bill but I didn't feel that bad cause it was only 4.95. But having been a small business owner myself..I would have instantly taken it off the bill. Nonetheless I think they might get a second visit from me. Three out of four dishes being good and the prices being so affordable..I am eager to try more dishes especially the whole dungeness crab.
I very late with this review, but better late than never. We shared chicken curry with roti, salt and pepper wings, and won ton soup. Tasty and cheap. Next time I'd order the curry with rice not because the roti was bad just because I missed the rice. Though, we came for dinner. I think this would be a great lunch spot.
I am so glad that I gave Big Wong a second chance because the first time I came during opening week I was NOT a fan.  In fact, I was shocked that this restaurant was getting such rave reviews.  Perhaps I had come on a bad day.  Perhaps I ordered the wrong dishes.  Anyways, I decided to give it another try because I was craving Ramen and the wait at Monta was ridiculous.  And I am now grateful that Monta was so busy because I am a converted fan.  My husband and in-laws ordered the Beef Ramen with tendons.  The broth was so delicious, the tender beef was plentiful, as was the tendons.  Just a perfect bowl of soup on a cold winter night.  

I had plans to order the Ramen also, but when I saw the "Special shrimp soup with wontons" advertised on the wall- I just could not resist.  The broth was just bursting with shrimpyness.  My husband didn't  like it for that exact reason, but I was swooning.  It must have taken a lot of shrimp heads to pack that much flavor into that bowl.  I usually never ever finish my bowls of soup, but I just could not stop eating it.  I was already full, but thought it would be such a shame to let this deliciousness go to waste.  

Thank you Monta for being so crowded because Big Wong has found a new loyal fan in me.  Even my VERY Chinese in-laws who we literally had just picked up from the airport after a long flight from Hong Kong gave it 2 thumbs up.  And trust me, that is no easy feat.
Cheap decent eats. I've had a few things there that were quite good and a few things that were mediocre, but the food is so cheap that I could pick and choose on the menu and be satisfied. I'd have to say that I did like the special curry beef. Dark, Indian like curry sauce. The menu indicates that it is spicy, but I was disappointed with its heat level. The salt and pepper chicken wings and the shrimp wontons were excellent, but I think this  place definitely needs to improve their dipping sauces. I think they handed me some Sysco generic sweet and sour sauce with my wontons, and it ruined them. Like I said, it's decent, but I wasn't "wowed" or anything.
I admit that I was a little skeptical when I saw the hole in the wall environment and plastic utensils. But then the food came, and I just kept ordering more. The Hoi Nam chicken rice was authentic and delicious. The curry beef over rice was wonderful. I ordered and enjoyed every dessert on the menu. Oh and then the price: $5 for an entree and $1.25 for dessert. I'm very picky with my Asian food, and this place exceeded my expectations in so many ways. Highly recommended!
Cheap eats, friendly service, and tasty Chinese food! Highlights include fried shrimp wontons, curry brisket with tendons (ngau lam), and mango pudding. Definitely will be going back!
Great shrimp wontons!  Even better with some noodles in the bowl.  Salt and pepper chicken wings are spicy, crispy, salty, and oh so wonderful with the bowl of soup.  Almond pudding is the better of the two puddings I think.  For $4.95, it's a great meal.  Hurry before this secret is out of the bag and prices are raised!
A great casual dining find!  Not too far off of the strip and worth jumping over for a quick bite of Chinese food.  Steamed chicken and seasoned rice is delicious and healthy. Curry over rice was good. Chrispy won tons were very good.  They have daily specials. Can't wait to go back and try other dishes on my next trip!
The beef ramen was so good... and quite the value! Definitey will go back to try the rest of the menu.
Did you know that a medium-sized bowl of wonton noodle soup will set you back $18 and a bowl of udon soup costs $22 on the Vegas strip?  If you are like me and find those prices outrageous for very average tasting food, then head a couple miles to Big Wong's on Spring Mountain Road!

Everything is under $10, with most items under $6.

I enjoyed a late lunch with my family here & we ordered a couple Shrimp wonton noodle soups, one spicy shrimp wonton soup, the salt & pepper chicken, the salt & pepper shrimp, chicken curry roti, and the hainan boneless chicken with seasoned rice.  The food was excellent all around but the broth in the spicy shrimp soup was the best I've had in a long time!  

One thing to note - the roti bread that comes with the chicken curry is not the typical South Asian variety you find at an Indian restaurant.  Rather, it is a flaky sesame "bing" (Chinese pancake) - the type you can buy frozen from the Asian market for $1.  Still very good, just FYI.

Next time, I'm going to try the soy sauce chicken. The table next to ours ordered it just before we finished our meal and it looked delicious!
I haven't been back to Big Wong's since their grand opening. I finally made my way back last night in need of some cheap eats and I'm sad I haven't been back sooner. 

We ordered the curry chicken with roti, beef ramen and sweet roti for dessert. They have a much more extensive menu than before and they also have daily specials that look delightful. All the food is still incredibly cheap for the portions and quality, which you just can't argue with. I enjoyed this visit quite a bit more than our first visit and I'm already craving some more of their cheap eats. 

There aren't many places that you can have a sit down meal, including dessert and a drink for under $14 and still leave satisfied. Sometimes good prices makes food just taste that much better.
All my favorites have gone away. Anna's Garden. Noodle Palace! Then the girlfriend took me to this place. Wow. It reminds me of Big Wong's in NYC that we went to when we were slepping around from Boston to NYC.

The place is in a crappy shopping center but the food is great. It's cheap and good. The restrooms are clean as heck. The staff very friendly. No, you white folks, no need to worry about rude asian servers here. Yes, I get them too. I hate when they throw my food at me. I intend to try every dish that they have. Took my coworkers here and they loved it too. So maybe they will help with the business. I hate to see another good place go down the tubes in this economy.

So what do they serve besides a friendly, non-pretentious atmosphere? Well for starters, the walls do have a lot of stuff on them, menu items, like a lot of other Chinese restaurants. But wait! They are written in English unlike the ones that will remain nameless here, Anna's Garden, Noodle Palace, KJ's Kitchen. Oh the waitress speaks great English too btw. My Chinese is bad so I'll keep a lid on it.

My friend really liked their pancake and curry chicken (roti pancake). It's more like nan bread then a waffle or whatever pancakes are made of. I hate pancakes so I cannot relate.

I have had their wonton without the noodles and it's really good. I think all their noodle dishes are good and tasty. Most items are less than $5 so you might was well eat here versus spending it on a Big Mac. Spend it on a Big Wong instead.
The crispy, juicy fried chicken that I ordered was perfection! It took quite a bit of a wait and I was super hungry at the time, but once I got my food I forgot all about the hunger and just dove in. The service was great. I happen to visit on a busy day (even though it was around 2pm) but there was no problem tending to my needs. I also ordered their chicken wings to go. Their almond pudding with lychee was a refreshing break from the oily food I just consumed. 

I don't know if they changed the minimum amount of $10 for those paying with a card, but I honestly find it inconvenient for me since I never carry cash and use my debit to pay for everything. So I was somewhat "forced" to order more that I wanted. *shrugs* I guess I shouldn't be surprised since most places have that $10 minimum =/

Other than that, this place is great. Everything was affordable, which is a good thing for a college student like myself.
The price will probably be the reason that you will be willing to try this place, probably like so many lost souls that have sauntered away from the Monta-Mania you will stumble upon this establishment and a few others that have sprouted around the Monta Phenomenon. The first thing that will catch your attention will be the price, with each dish averaging around $5(tax is already incorporated in the price) you are probably asking yourself...is this a Kid's meal? Will the food be good? What the heck, all I've got to lose is 5 bucks...so why am I hesitant to give it a try? & tried we did (Monta was packed & the wait was long & i was hungry!) The Star of our dinner was definitely the fried chicken, definitely worth the 18 minute wait! The beef ramen was ok, the fried pork chop was ok, would've been better if it was golden brown & not pale, I loved the plain udon soup, salt & pepper shrimp ok, Mango pudding ok...roti with chicken curry ok...in short, this place is AVERAGE, not super great but not bad at all as well. It is a retry decent meal considering the price. I would probably come back here, but as far as craving it, not really. This would be PERFECT though to have blind dates because what if "You are just not that into her/him?" at least you did not spend that much! (be sure to bring your own set of utensils though and your own glass!) they only have plastic spoons & forks etc.  and styropore cups???? Tsk, Tsk, Tsk... hey beggars can't be choosers!
Must have their chicken wings!  And the salt & pepper shrimp are yummy.  I'm looking forward to the pork chops next time...
I love this place! Food is good, service is good and prices are.... gooder! I always get the shrimp wonton soup, the salt and pepper shrimp, and the steamed fish. All that for less than twenty bucks. The only problem is that they use plastic utensils and serve the tea in styrofoam cups, (kind of hard to keep my pinky up) it reminds me that I'm not paying enough, but other than that, nothings Wong with Big, Next time you're in the neighborhood make sure to stop by and try this place. You probably have enough to eat here with the change under the seat of your car, just don't look for it while you're driving......hospital food is not as good.
great food, great price....just takes a while to wait for service....
First time tried out this place after it's been a very long time since my friends told me about it. This restaurant is very small and simple but the food was so good and the price was better like $4.95/dish included tax already! Everyone was very nice. I'll definitely be back soon.
Another Yelp home run! I read about Big Wong at work yesterday and just had to last night. I got home and the better-half was talkin' spaghetti and all I was thinking was Big Wong....... A guy has to be careful how he says that, doesn't he?

So I told my wife about this great little place I had read about on yelp and she jumped right on the Big Wong band wagon.

Great food! Great Service! Great price! The chicken curry with roti (mine) was incredible. The wife got the ribeye special which she enjoyed, but she enjoyed my curry even more. She went with the ribeye because the simplicity (Not a bad thing.) of the menu kinda intimidated her. We're used to fried rice, sweet and sour pork and chow mien on the menus where we normally eat. None of that at Big Wong. We also got the salt and pepper wings(Yum!) and an order of fried shrimp wontons(Yum Yum!). At 5 duckets for the wontons you are easily talking about the best app in Las Vegas.

We finished off with a mango pudding and a sweet roti. I wouldn't do the pudding again, but wow was that roti a treat.

The question is not whether I will go back but when will I go back. That the restaurant sits in between our home and where my son goes to high school, I can envision attaining "regular" status.
What a disappointment!  With all the great things said about this place by people's whose reviews I respect, I thought it would be better than it was.  I just barely give 3 stars.  I was contemplating two and a half.

I was greeted promptly on arrival and asked if I was getting take out or eating in.  The woman told me to sit anywhere I wanted because I was eating in and she gave me their small menu.  I had seen several people rave about the curry chicken with roti so that's what I ordered.  In a short time, the cook brought out a bowl of curry chicken and a plate with three very hot, fresh roti.  

The curry chicken was good but it would be better named curry potato with chicken and roti.  I had two large chunks of potato, one large cube of chicken (smaller that either of the two potato pieces), while the rest was curry sauce with some chicken shreds.  The curry was tasty and the roti were very good.

As I waited for my dinner to be brought, I noticed on their wall--which has a lot of homemade signs for new dishes--that the curry chicken was listed under appetizers.  No wonder the price is only $4.95.  No wonder the portion is much less than a curry chicken you'd get in a Thai restaurant, and for $4.95 I wasn't expecting that.

I was going to order something else, perhaps some ramen or just a pudding for dessert.  There were two customers including myself in this small place that has a maximum capacity of 68 people.  All the time I waited for my order and ate, the woman was on the phone--not taking orders--but chatting.  If she wasn't on the phone, she was putting business cards in a plastic holder in a notebook and she was engrossed with that task rather than all two of her customers--the other who ordered directly from the cook and had no interaction with the woman.

After waiting approximately five minutes for her to get off the phone or at least look my way so I could get her attention, I got up to leave.  I approached the counter and she told whomever was on the phone to hold, she took, my money, gave me change, and went back to her telephone.

I don't think I'll return.  If it's like this when they're two people there, what would it be like when they're busy--say ten people.  It's just not worth it.  And as for dessert, I drove up Spring Mountain Road and stopped at McDonald's and had a McFlurry!  Better than her pudding I'd be willing to wager even sight unseen!
Not your usual Americanized Chinese food. Very good, authentic, Asian food.
Folks, Big Wong is now batting 4th in this line up.

$4.95 OUT THE DOOR for their chicken and rice that is literally enough for 2 meals and is all cooked healthy, LOCK that sh*t up!

This is a masterpiece of a Restaurant. Food is always out quick. The employees are nice and speak good English. One lady actually had an east coast/Asian accent which I found just awesome.

I had some pita bread thing with curry sauce that was great.
FREE hot tea the entire experience.

I thought I was going to get some garbage food for a cute little hangover; NOPE.

I couldn't believe the price for such lean good food. 

The ONLY reason I didn't give it 5 stars was a bad odor in the joint. It could have been the area but I', not sure, just being safe with my rating.
My husband generally doesn't like much Asian food, but he will actually ASK to go here.  We've been here at least a 1/2 dozen times in the last 8 months and are always very happy with the food quality and service.  Best dishes are by far the Chicken Curry with Roti, Rib eye over noodles, and the fried pork with rice.  The beef ramen (with cartilage/tendons) is gelatinous and delicious as well.  The meat is always tender and the sauces are light but flavorful.

We were there the day the chef came up with the Sweetened Roti and we have to get it every time.  It's amazing.  We ate there last night, but I want to go back now just writing about it...
Visited this place in March when vacation in Las Vegas!  Wow what a surprise?  I was a little concerned when the hainan chicken is only priced at $4.95!  What can they offer you for this price?  Everything is at least double the price here in San Francisco!  And they even have choice of white meat, dark meat with & without bones.  I struggled a bit & still decide to order the hainan chicken.  My husband ordered curry! We were both surprised & satisfied!  The hainan chicken's "rice" is really good & yummy too!  The meal portion is big.  Never expected, and price & taste way exceed our expectation!  Already told all my friends who travel to LV that this is a must visit restaurant.  For my 4 days visit in March, I visited this place twice!  And the service here was excellent too!
So I originally wanted to go to the ramen place in the same plaza, but the wait was so atrociously long we decided to just hit up Big Wong. Did a quick yelping and saw that the beef ramen was supposed to be good and since I was already in the fixing for ramen anyways I decided to give it a shot.

It was at best...mediocre. The broth had an average taste with nothing unique about it, however, the beef was very fatty and not enjoyable to eat. Next time I will definately choose to wait for the other ramen joint rather than be impatient.
I loved this place!

Its ironic because its right next to Roku, a highly rated Japanese restaurant where I was at a few weeks ago. The bill being more than $100 at Roku, the bill was 23 dollars tonight at Big Wong, and I would have preferred this meal if they were the same price.

I got the Beef Ramen, the Chicken Curry and Roti, Salt and Pepper Pork, and Hai Nan Chicken. The Beef Ramen was really tasty and I would recommend it, especially being only 6 dollars. The Chicken Curry and Roti was really good, even though there wasn't a lot of curry. The Hai Nan chicken was also pretty good, and the Salt and Pepper Pork was just average, but for 23 dollars for the whole thing, it was extremely worth it.

The service was good. Our waitress was very friendly. However, I came an hour before closing time so there was only 3 parties total, on a Saturday night.

In short, establishments like this is why I love Yelp. It helps you discover family-owned holes in the wall where great tasting food at low costs are possible.
My brother was in town and wanted to get a quick lunch before I had to go into work. Wanted to go into Monta but it was 11 and they weren't open yet, so we stopped in at the Big Wong.

Beef Ramen - for 5 you can get a bowl of ramen (same noodles as used at Monta) and it comes with big chunks of beef. They'll ask you for tendons too and I don't remember if they charge you extra, but I don't think so. Came with chili oil, scallions, and siracha on the side. It was good, and it's exactly what you expect to get, ramen and beef. Great flavor and the broth was well seasoned.
This has to be on every list for best cheap eats!

Fast friendly service.  Nice and clean.  This place serves Chinese and Malaysian cuisine.  They have a simple menu with super cheap prices.  Noodle and rice with different entrees.  

I tell you what I really appreciated, was the fact that the waitress was able to help me understand the menu.  Usually, when I go to an asian restaurant for the first time I am mostly confused and the waitress usually can't help you.  I was super hungry and  I asked if these were full size dishes because the prices were so cheap.  She explained everything.  She sold me on a house special.

The dish had rice, a side of something like spinach, Chinese sausage and a bowl of chicken and shitake mushrooms.  This was a house special for $5.95 and it was a hearty meal.  The chicken was silky tender in a nice broth.  The broth was a little fatty which some people may not like, but I like it. 

It was real simple and homemade tasting.  If you consider value and the quality of the food this place is amazing.  I would go back fo sho.
I was hoping to like this place. It showed a lot of promise when I first walked in as it looks like an unassuming spot and was pretty busy.

First thing I noticed are the prices are very affordable. I ordered the beef ramen after reading the reviews here. I was really disappointed when it arrived. The volume of food they give here is decent but the main disappointment is the overall blandness. There's no flavor profile in the soup, meat, or noodles.

The service was just ok. They might be spread a little too thin here since it took awhile to get my order in and for the food to come.

I don't think I'd come back here.
Solid place for a bite and value for dollar to boot. Clean place and attentive staff though a bit stretched if crowded.

I had the beef ramen and pepper chicken wings. What the ramen is not - authentic ramen preparation as found at Monta nor a complex stock as one expects from a Pho. What it is - a beefy broth with ramen noodles cooked to a nice al dente with lots of beef chunks (brisket type cubes.) While a great deal for the money my personal preference would be towards less beef and a softer cut - but I dare not ding them on my "opinion."

The wings were a real surprise. Thin crispy skin and juicy meat inside with a gentle heat that builds. A nice change from sauce laden buffalo wings.

In all a filling meal of fresh ingredients for about $10-11.
There is a difference between cheap food and good cheap food.  This is good cheap food in fact pretty great cheap food.  I can come here and we can get a meal with drinks and get out for under $20 with leftovers and stuffed!

I have tried a few things but love the Hainan Chicken (boiled chicken) with dipping sauce (sauce is a spicy chili and sriracha and a more mellow soy based sauce) and rice.  The rice they must add a broth or something to it because seriously I could just eat the rice it is that good!  The boiled chicken is healthy I just skip the skin.  We like to get the On Choy (a water spinach) with fermented bean curd (you can get it without the bean curd as well) very flavorful and good!  I have also had the wonton soup the pork udon soup and a few other things, however I keep coming back for the chicken.  My boyfriend says it is a comfort food for him and reminds him of growing up.  I don't think I could buy all the ingredients needed to make this for that cheap!  

The place is clean the staff is nice I believe it is family owned so they don't have a full staff so sometimes the service is slow but I don't mind that because I know it is a small business.  It is always clean and orderly. 

I always leave happy and full with money left in my pockets so I am a happy girl...
i still come here either once or twice every 2 weeks.  you just cant beat the taste and price! 

im still a big fan of their curry chicken and beef ramen.  I havent found another chinese place like their beef ramen!

I do notice that they do put up new items every now and then.  I havent gotten a chance to try them all.
Delicious. The shrimp wonton soup and salt & pepper fried wings are must eats!
Cheap good food. When you don't want the hassle of paying high prices at the strip... Great place to visit for FAST GOOD food when all you want to do is eat and then go straight to sleep after a crazy night out on the strip or working all day at the expo.. ..

Try the Soy sauce chicken*, Hainan Chicken w rice *, Beef Curry with roti, & beef ramen (decent)...
Just got back from Vegas, had the Curry Beef (they were out of chicken), Fried Porkchop Udon, Fried Chicken Udon, Fried Shrimp wonton as well as Shrimp Wonton in udon, desert we tried the Mango, almond and Roti (flaming Ice cream). This place had a strange smell when you enter, but got used to when you are in. The food was good and decent, it had a Japanese/chinese/hawaiian taste to it.. I know Udon is Japanes, but all of these other flavors confuses yet heighten your senses.  Overall it was food, a family of four cost around $40 and you were stuffed when you leave.. get in their early as they ran out of favorites fast.. the hamione Rice and chicken curry ran out when we arrived around 7pm
My GF and I ordered the shrimp wanton soup, beef curry over rice, and the #1 (i don't remember exactly what it was called but it had chicken with 2 sauces with rice) for ~18.

- The price of a McDonald's value meal, maybe less! Real cheap! around 5 bucks each. Good portion too! 
- A taste you can't complain about! kinda...haha
     - The soup comes with 8 wantons, which we ordered. If you opted for the noodles, then you get only 5. Needs more soup to compensate for all that wanton. 
     - The beef curry was my favorite. I highly recommend it! The beef is very tender. The waiter told me they bake it for 7-9 hours! Comes with lots of curry, so i needed more rice.
     - The #1 was alright. I loved the hot sauce, which was not too hot, but use it with the beef curry and it will be very satisfying.
- Great service! Maybe bc we were the only ones there, but the waitress and chef talked to us and gave recommendations. They even left the water container on the table for us :)!!!

^____^!
Ok, so...I gave it a second try before writing this review.  I would say that for the beef ramen...I love the noodles that they use it is really good.  Not much broth flavor but you can doctor it up with the condiments if they had the right kind...may be they will get some like what pho restaurants offers.  The beef is tasty and they will ask if you want tendons or not...cool...

Hainan chicken w rice...it was decent, sauce could be better.  Of course I am judging this with my experience from eating this famous dish in Thailand.  I will come here for this dish bc again I will not make it at home due to too much work, and I like that you can ask for white meat w/o extra charge.  I had Ong choy vegetables this was decent too.  Then we ended with sweet roti, it was ok.
  
2nd visit...

Good wonton soup, I would get this again.  Fish ball curry, well I guess I don't like Malaysian style curry I won't get any curry dishes since Malay is the base for their curry. Chicken wings, umm...really salty and not any other flavor...

I want to like this place.  The restuarant is really, really clean.  I think the lady owner has OCD in a good way, she spays and clean table right after customers leave...a BIG THUMBS UP!!!  They are really nice and courteous and the cook is constantly asking me what he can do to make this place better.  I told him the price is right so far, they will have more business if they can improve the flavor of the food.  Nevertheless, if you are hungry and want something fast to eat and not Mcdonald's...it's an alternative:)
Got the half soy sauce chicken here at a second visit for ~$7. Definitely a much better deal and much tastier than the first meal I got here (beef ramen). Get the soy sauce chicken!
This hidden gem rocks. 

We had the salt and pepper pork,  the beef ramen and the won-ton shrimp. All three were spectacular. 

The bill was under $20 which put a huge smile on my face. 

The server was busy but still found time to explain their dishes to us newbs.

I will def be back.
Good food Good service Good price
Can't go wrong with that
I have to figure that a lot people, like me, end up here because of lines at Monta and Raku.  Both great.  Big Wong makes it a trifecta and makes the center the best food shopping center in Chinatown.  The house special soup with udon is so addicting I went back twice in 3 days.
This place is so much more than just a funny name. Some unique dishes and flavors and at cheap, cheap prices. Almost all of their dishes are around the $5 mark. Ordered the #5 Special Deep Fried Chicken over Rice (Boneless) and the #12 House Special Shrimp Wonton Soup. The #5 was really good and I would definitely get again. The soup was not to my taste, it wasn't bad, just not something I would get again.
Service was very friendly, menu is simple and the place was very clean when I went to pick up my food.
Will have to go back sometime to try more dishes!
I have to say...so far THE best Hainan Chicken Rice I've ever eaten in the States!! Very authentic flavor!! Also reconmmend fish ball and shrimp wonton soup :)
I'll admit I'm biased since I'm walking distance to Seoul Plaza where this restaurant is located.

5-stars because the food's good with a wide variety of Chinese dishes, the prices cheap, the service friendly, and place clean (dining room, kitchen which is visible to diners, men's bathroom but I can't attest to the women's bathroom cleanliness).
This place never disappoints me. I love their food, it's simple and tasty. I came here with my siblings and our boyfriends. The waitress/co-worker sat us down. She gave us the menu and asked what we wanted to drink. I was craving some shrimp and I was debating whether I should get fried shrimp wonton or house special shrimp wonton soup in the end, I decided to get the fried shrimp wonton. The fried shrimp wonton comes with one big shrimp in each of the wonton wrapper. It was so delicious and had a lot of flavors. The serving was big, it comes with 10 pieces. 

I got to try some of the other food they serve in their menu. I had to taste the other shrimp-- house special shrimp wonton soup. The broth is tasty and not too salty. The wonton also has one big piece of shrimp in it. I also tried the curry beef over rice, it's very spicy but I can still tolerate it. The beef is tender and juicy. The curry has a lot of flavor, it taste different from what I had before but it's very good.  

How can I forget about the sweetened roti, this is one of my favorite dessert since I tried this. Roti is an Indian flat bread that is bake like a pizza, they put condense milk and powdered sugar on top of the flat bread. Yes, it's unhealthy but I don't usually order desert whenever I dine in to a restaurant.

Yes, I'm in love with this place.
I think I am addicted to Big Wong.  After moving to Vegas I was initially turned off by the silly name.  I didn't think that a restaurant named Big Wong would serve good food.  Boy was I wrong.  My friends went here and told me that the food was legit and the prices were amazing.  After finally giving it a taste, I came back 3 days in a row.  

Getting full off of a $5 meal?!?  ADDICTED!

Here are the dishes I tried:

1.  Thin rib eye over rice $4.95 - Thinly sliced rib eye is served with yummy dipping sauce.  The rice comes on a separate plate and comes with some steamed potato slices.  A great deal for rib eye!

2.  Steamed chicken, mushrooms, chinese sausage, and vegetables $5.95 - There are a lot of components to this dish that kept me from getting bored.  The chicken is served in a bowl of broth separately from the sausage, rice, and veggies.  Pour it over your rice to get some soupy chicken rice.  Gotta love the lop chong (spelling?) - 5th generation Chinese, I apologize.

3.  Hoi nam chicken (dark meat, boneless) $4.95 - Excellent!  Soft steamed chicken without any bones.  Comes with the yummy flavored rice and 2 dipping sauces.  A soy based sauce and a red spicy one.  

4.  Salt and pepper chicken wings $4.95 - I love the saltiness of this one.  Tiny jalepenos are sprinkled on top as well.  Great appetizer to share with the group.

5.  Salt and pepper pork $4.95 - Thin slices of pork deep fried and then sliced.  Very similar to the salt and pepper wings but a little less salty.  I prefer the chicken wings.

6.  Beef ramen $5.95 - Ok.  Cantonese style beef ramen with all the tendon and chunks that you can ask for.  Not my thang personally.

7.  Mango pudding $1.25 - So good!  A great way to end your super cheap meal, with a super cheap dessert!  Chunks of mango are actually in the cup too :D

8.  Sweet roti $1.25? - A thin roti or bread thingy with condensed milk, powdered sugar, and other sweet goodness on top.  Gotta try it at least once.

Other random tid-bits:
They always give you extra scallions in a metal tin.
Easy parking.
Cheap everything.  Tax is included in the price on the menu!
Mom and pop store.  The wife is the server and her husband is the chef.  He wears a giant chef hat too!

Definitely recommend to anyone who is in Vegas in search of some good cheap food!  Cheaper than Earl of Sandwich haha.
After numerous more visits to Big Wong, this place has grown on me.

The best things about this place are the variety, amazing pricing, and good food quality.

There are certain items that are tasty: thin rib eye over rice (best item hands down), hai nam chicken, soy sauce chicken, salt and pepper wings/pork, vegetables with oyster sauce, and any of the desserts (mango or almond pudding, or sweet roti).

To avoid: the beef ramen. People rave about this in reviews, but I think it's pretty bland. Probably better to go with something else.
Second time and Big Wong did not disappoint! my family tried the shrimp wonton with egg noodles, udon and Shrimp soup.  All were flavorful and excellent.
This time we had lunch so the chicken hamione Rice was avail and it was so good!!!

 THe only reason for not a full 5 stars.. we had the friend chicken wings and though they were good, they were way too salty... really really salty
Found this place on Yelp while in the Chinatown area.  Believe all the reviews and all the hype.  This place is the bomb.  Super cheap food and super great flavor.  I had the salt and pepper pork and some shrimp wontons.  The wontons were really light and crispy and ALL SHRIMP.  No Filler.  The pork was cooked to perfection and has the perfect amount of spice.  The guy next to me was eating the special shrimp wonton noodle soup which looked amazing.  I'm going to try that next time I go to Big Wong which will hopefully be soon!
I love love love Big Wong! This is hands down the best budget bite place in Vegas.

How can you go wrong with legit Hoi nam chicken for $4.95? You even get a choice of dark/white meat either boneless or not. Common, with all the high prices in vegas, this place definitely saves your wallet. 

The dish is served with season rice, spicy dipping sauce, soy sauce, and ginger (upon request). For an additional $0.75 you can get a nice steaming bowl of broth to go along with your meal. All this for under $6!

This sure beats out the $10+ meal i shell out for Pho at Pho Kim Long down the street. Can't wait to come back to try the other dishes.
On a Tuesday night, we ordered the salt and pepper pork, chicken curry over rice, rotti pancake, and almond pudding for 15.90.

- NO WONG!? FYI, it means good business or being prosperous. "big wong" is actually MISTA LEE. lol. good people :)
- Smells like raw eggs upon entering. goes away tho. you adapt the asian smell.
- No bone! easy eats for shovelers. pork chop cut in small pieces. 
- Chicken curry was great. comes with chopped potatoes. Not golden curry brand. where the carrots at tho?
- pancake tasted like a crepe! crispy! sweet! delicious! must get! 1.25! the price of a gum. BIG JUICE! probably less!
- Almond pudding was also a hit. 3 lychees tho. not bad.
- service is a bit slow. waterless for awhile. i get thirsty -___-. where my pork chop?
- Ms Lee takes pictures!
- So cheap! AYCE got nothin on this
Really enjoyed going here after my boyfriend recommended that we go there. Super friendly staff, delicious and cheap food. Everything we tried was amazing. You gotta try it out if for nothing else- its got a great name!!
I think I'm going to get here once a week.  I'm saying it now, the shrimp wontons are the best food deal in town.  A trendy food truck might charge a buck a piece but here at Big Wongs you get a plate full for 5 bucks.  I'm writing the update because of how friendly the owner is.  We had my girlfriend's son with us and he made sure to get the kid some chicken he would like and recommended us to try some very good things.  The shrimp wonton udon and beef curry were awesome.  We left, bellies full for around 20 bucks.  See ya soon Big Wong's!
After an exhausting weekend of alcoholic sins and gluttonous,late-night dining, my friends and I were looking for a simple, wallet-friendly meal before heading home.  Thanks to our trusty Yelp app, we fond Big Wong's and was impressed by the # of positive reviews for a place that has seemingly RIDICULOUSLY low prices!  I'm from the San Gabriel area so I'm accustomed to cheap food, but Big Wong's pricing is almost TGTBT and makes you question what ingredients they use....

However, 3 days after my meal, I have survived w/o any gastrointestinal isues and in fact, feel pretty good (thanks to my cheap meal @ Big Wong's!)

As for the venue itself, it is located in the heart of the Las Vegas "Chinatown" (but feels more like Westminster) area and is within a smal strip mall with numerous other asian-based restaurants and businesses (foot massage anyone?)  Once you enter Big Wong, you'll see a traditionally simple restaurant, clean, bare, and most likely somewhat empty.  However don't be offput by the lack of lines like at Marquee or XS, this is a good thing :)

The menu options are actually quite expansive, and include many many recognizable (and comfortable when you're tired/hungover) items.  I had the "thin ribeye with rice" dish that was okay in taste; a bit lean on the meat, heavy on the white rice, but my standard were so freaking low that I was still happy.  The sauce it comes with is a bit bland....so I wouldn't recommend this dish unless you are really looking to eat light.  

My companions tried the Hainan chicken, which was average..but my standards are based on Savoy's kitchen which has the best Hainan Chicken known to my existanec.  My other friend had a pho-like noodle dish that he said tasted good and it was pretty sizeable.  Finally, we all shared a portion of crispy chicken wings which I actually enjoyed! Not too oily or greasy, nice and flavorful with unidentifiable spices/seasonings.  

Every single item we ordered was $4.95 which INCLUDES TAX!!! OMFG deal of the century in las vegas (even better than the $6.99 steak and eggs @ Bills).  Total cost after tip

$23

VIVA LAS VEGAS AS AN ASIAN!!
It pains me to take away one star from this place, because I loved it so much the first 4 or 5 times. But this last visit was the reason.

The lady who works there was ALWAYS friendly to me. In fact, I remember her being warm and jovial. However, the last time we went, it was like she did a 180 and was a totally different person. She was curt, short, awkward, and borderline rude. In fact, I totally agree with Steven P's review of how she acted. 

If it wasn't for the first few times, I would probably also give a lower rating, perhaps 2 stars, based on this last interaction. But with my past experiences, and the fact that I want to give her the benefit of the doubt, I took away only one star with the intention to go back again. However, if service was anything like the last time, I would probably pick another spot in Chinatown to eat from now on.

To be continued...
**** TRY IT ALL ****

I have been here a dozen times (or more) and everything I have had has been great.

My Favorites, so far.......
Fried pork chop soup w/ udon
Chicken Curry
Fish Ball Soup
Hoi Nam Chicken w/ special seasoned rice
Salt & Pepper Wings
Chicken w/ Mushroom and Sausage
Beef Ramen
Mango Pudding

The restaurant is clean, the staff is friendly and the prices are amazing!
The Hainanese chicken was ok, but I'm very biased because I had REALLY good Hainanese chicken in Canada.  Wasn't too impressed with the soy sauce chicken.  The salt and pepper chicken wings were really good! That's what pulled it to 3 stars along with the lady taking my order was super nice!
Beef ramen, 6 bucks! Beef ramen, 6 clams! Beef ramen, seis dolares!  No matter how you say it, that's a great bowl of noodles with yummy broth and tender, juicy chunks of beef.  And don't be afraid of the tendons!

Big Wong kills again!
Decent cheap Chinese food. Everything is on the greasy side as they use lots of MSG.
This place is a bit of a hole in the wall, but well worth the visit.  Most everything on the menu is $4.95, including tax.  In my three visits here, I have tried the beef ramen, beef curry, chicken wings, salt and pepper pork chops, garlic chinese broccoli, mango pudding and almond pudding.  All were pretty good with the stand outs being the chicken wings and the almond pudding.  The chicken wings were crispy without being breaded and nicely spicy since it is served with hot peppers.  The almond pudding takes me back to growing up in Hawaii.  

Overall, the decor and ambiance would normally get a deduction of a point from me, but the LOW prices get extra credit earning the star back.
Very good..I loved the roti pancakes, the curry chicken and the lemon tea..It was amazing! Quiet little piece of Chinatown..
I finally got to try this place after having it bookmarked for forever. My husband and I wanted some cheap eats but didn't want standard fast food. Big Wong fit the bill.

When I saw the prices on the menu, I had to blink a few times to make sure my eyes weren't deceiving me. I ordered the Special Shrimp Wonton with Udon Soup and my husband got the Curry Chicken.  The waitress recommended the Salt and Pepper Chicken for an appetizer so we agreed. The food came out super fast. My husband enjoyed the Curry Chicken and had some leftover to take home. My soup was good. I enjoyed the seafood-y broth. I found some shrimp poop in a few of my shrimp so that was a little turn off. I just scraped it out and continued eating. The Salt and Pepper Chicken was also good but not the best I've had.

I gave this place 3 stars because the food was solid and good portioned. The waitress was a little short. When I asked if they had dungeness crab, she simply said no and walked away while I still had another question. I'm used to that type of service in Chinatown so that didn't bother me much. 

This place is good for cheap eats and satisfying your hunger but I don't think I'll be craving it much.
Oh wow!  Another gem I would never have thought to try had it not been for Yelp!

Great Asian food for - get this - $4 to $6 for pretty much everything on the menu.  I love me a smoking deal on great food.  We came here and got a smorgasbord of items because the prices allowed us to try so much:

- Chicken curry with Roti pancakes...my FAVORITE.  The curry was so flavorful and the Roti pancakes are my new obsession.
- Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings...my second favorite.  Really salty, but in a good way.
- Salt and Pepper Pork Ribs...not so great.  Really salty, but in a bad way.
- Steamed chicken with mushrooms and sausage.  Oh my goodness, the mushrooms in this were to die for.  The broth had really good flavor, and the chicken was so tender.

I also have to give some big props to our waitress.  She knew the menu extensively and even suggested we change some items in our order to avoid getting too much rice (hence the Roti pancakes).

Big Wong is Big Awesome.
Their prices are hard to beat (usually around the $4-8 range) and I like to come here to order food home from work :0).

What I usually like to ORDER:
(don't mind me; I love anything salt & pepper)

Salt & Pepper Pork Chops
Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings
Curry w/ 3 Roti Pancakes
Sweetened Roti Pancake $1 each

They have a lot of menu items posted on their walls, too. If you like them, I'd say come back a few times just to try their whole menu and see what you like best. They'll easily provide you with suggestions depending on what you're looking for.
The value is incredible. Big Wong delivers fresh, small portions that are priced right. I'm a huge fan of eating a lot of small dishes, so this was right up my alley. My wife and I shared the Beef Curry, Fried Pork Chop, Shrimp Won Tons, and Chinese Broccoli (sauteed Thai-style as per our waiter Paul's recommendation).

Speaking of Paul, he provided incredibly personalized service. His recommendations, friendliness, and attentiveness were top-notch. He refilled our hot tea (no charge, by the way) over and over again. I left this place feeling both frugal and fulfilled.
Great food at great value!!! Don't be fooled by the price. Service is what you would expect at most Chinese spots: friendly but inattentive. 

Seafood Udon - The dish looks simple but full of flavor. It was both sweet and savory. True seafood flavor. 

Chicken Rice - It was good but did not leave an impression. I guess I had this dish at too many other places that it is hard to stand out. 

Some food critics came in and just had the chicken wings. Gotto try that next time!
I come here a lot for chinese food. The owner is very friendly and will provide any suggestions, but everything on their menus is good! And the prices are very decent. 

I've tried majority of the menu, but I find myself almost always ordering the same thing these days, which is the deep fried chicken over rice. I haven't had anything bad to date. 

I will get the Shrimp Won Tons, sauteed veggies Thai style, deep friend chicken over rice, and sweetened roti pancakes, but take most of it home. 

I like their almond and mango pudding, but the mango is really sweet compared to their almond, which is expected, but be warned if you can't handle super sweet, stay away from the mango and go with the almond! The Sweetened Roti pancake is another good choice! It's only $1 while the pudding are $1.25 each. 

Basically would recommend anything and everything on the menu! As the prices are pretty cheap too, don't be afraid to make this a regular spot!
HOHO! Finally! I have found myself a little gem of a restaurant. Big Wong's is so cheap yet so delicious! My favorite dish thus far would have to be curry chicken. The curry has just a tiny bit of heat, and the chicken literally just falls apart (in the good way). Another favorite of my would be the fried pork chop rice, because it comes with this awesome awesome dipping sauce which tastes kinda like porky gravy. A great dessert item is the sweetened roti pancake which is only a dollar! (!!) It's a roti pancake covered in condensed milk and powered sugar ( along with rainbows and sunshine and all things delicious)
I tried the Salt N Pepper shrimp and was slightly fooled by the photos. I assumed the shrimp were peeled and that it was more of a battered shrimp. They were lightly battered with shells and half the shrimp were barely deveined. The peeling was to difficult so I just ate the shrimp less the tale. Needless to say I wasn't too impressed with the shrimp.
 I also ordered some of the Beef Ramen it tasted somewhat buttery with an after taste of what I can only describe as Vaseline intense care hand lotion. I know that sounds weird but I could barely eat it with the after taste it left me. 

The Curry Chicken Roti was probably my favorite thing that I ordered. Hot and flavorful! 

The staff here is wonderful and very courteous
Best of Asia, all in one restaurant.

The wifey, sister-in-law, and I came here during our last Vegas trip. We wanted to get away from the strip and eat some good and cheap food. This place really hit the spot. We ordered the Chicken Wings, House Seafood Noodle Soup, Curry w/ Roku, and Han-Nan Chicken. All I can say is damn. The Chicken Wings were freshly fried, hot and crispy on the outside and moist and tender on the inside. Well seasoned and packed with a lot of flavor. The house seafood soup was a very generous portion - loaded with fish, crab meat, tempura/oden/fish balls. Great chewy consistency on the noodles and served in a light seafood broth. The curry was tasty, loaded with spices, but I think the large chunks of potatoes took away from the meal. The Roku pancakes it was served with was a delicious dipping tool. Lastly, and probably my favorite, was the Han-Nan Chicken. Tender cuts of steamed chicken served with two dipping sauce and accompanied by the most tasty chicken broth rice I've ever had. The best part of this place is our total for 3 entrees and a side came out to be 18 dollars total. I will be back!

A little about my credentials:
I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
Very cheap and nice food. My most favorite restaurant in Vegad
Cheap and delicious food for the poor college student. 

My boyfriend and I come here every so often and order the same appetizer, entree and dessert every single time. 

Appetizer: 10 piece fried shrimp wontons. These are quite addicting. Just like how you open up a box of Pringles or start munching on some microwavable popcorn and you cant stop? Yeah, that addicting. Each simple wonton has a huge piece of shrimp and are perfectly fried, accompanied by sweet and sour sauce.   

Entree: Just when we're about to order more shrimp wontons, our Thin Rib-eye over Pasta is sent to our table. For $4.95, this dish is absolute heaven, both for our bellies and our wallet. They don't skimp out on the meat and comes with a side of steamed potatoes. We like to pour the brown sauce (some type of beef broth thing) all over the plate to tie the rib-eye, pasta and potatoes together.  

Dessert: Sweet roti drizzled in condensed milk is the way to go! My boyfriend is lactose intolerant so I end up eating most of this myself. The almond pudding is also divine. So refreshing - it's the perfect end note to the meal. You can't go wrong with these two items for a grand total of $2.25. 

This place is located in a small strip mall with minimal decor and menu items handwritten on neon poster boards all over their walls. Don't judge a book by its cover, though. The food is seriously amazing for what you pay for. 

Oh yeah, if you end up ordering to-go or box up your leftovers, their to-go boxes are top notch and reusable. Fancy plastic to use again and again!
Got the Shrimp wonton w/ramen noodle. The portion was very good but, the soup has absolutely no flavor.  Disappointed as all the reviews said it was great.
Also Great:
Fried Chicken Soup
Beef Curry w/Rice
Steamed/Poached Fish w/Rice & Veggie
If you are looking for cheap, fast food this place is for you. If you are looking for friendly, attentive service you need to look else where. I've been here three times, since I generally go by the three strikes rule. Each time the food was consistently good, not delicious,  just good. As for service, you order and get your initial drink and you are quickly forgotten about. The waitress,  each time there has been one or two, always seemed stressed. I felt as if I  inconvenienced her by coming in and dare be a customer. Not matter if this place has good food at reasonable prices, I would never go back and be treated poorly for giving them my business.
It was excellent I have the special shrimp Ramen bowl. I really enjoyed especially since I have a sore throat now I feel full better and happy!
Great Chinese food!  It's like I went over to my uncles house and he cooked for me.  That is how amazing the food is here at Big wongs.  The street Beef noodles are great.  The beefy broth with the melt in your mouth meat is delicious.  Just the right hint of beef flavor, star anis and other great ingredients.  The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.  The rice was not too greasy and it had the right hint of ginger and chicken.  Fabulous!  Dip it in their 2 dipping sauces, and you have perfection on a plate.  The garlic braised chinese broccoli on sizzling plate was great also.  Cooked to perfection where it was crunchy and notes of garlic with each bite.  The chinese pancake (both savory and sweet) were both delicious.  Just the right amount of crunch without being too burnt.

Get this, the amazing part with all the food we ordered, it was under $20!!!  Great food at amazing prices.  How can you beat that?
Big Wong is located on Spring Mountain Rd. in the same shopping center as top competitors such as Monta and Raku. At first, I was hesitant to dine there because I thought it was going to be the same as most other Chinese restaurants. It took me several times passing by until I finally gave it a try and now, I dine there almost every week! (no joke!)

This place is AMAZING!

Granted, upon walking in, the establishment is not as nicely decorated as most other restaurants. BUT DON'T LET THE LACK OF INTERIOR DESIGN FOOL YOU!  The food here is delicious and the cheapest in town (NO TAX ! ) 

I always order their fried shrimp wonton ($4.95 .. 10-12 pieces) The wontons are served with sweet chili sauce. What makes them so good is the whole shrimp that is stuffed inside. They are also super, super crispy and delicious as appetizers.

I also suggest getting their beef ramen, or wonton soup. ($5.95) .. The broth they make is very sweet and flavorful. It isn't bland like other places. The portions they give you is also very considerate.

I also love their sizzling garlic sauteed vegetables. (only $6.95) They serve it on an iron plate that they bring out to you smoking and sizzling. Every time someone orders it, the whole restaurant smells like garlic! It is so delicious and perfect to eat with rice! You can also order it with thai chili which adds an amazing spice. The blend of garlic and chili is absolutely perfect.

The last thing I would definitely recommend is their Authentic Hai Nam Chicken. The rice that is served is cooked in chicken broth so you get the full flavor of chicken in every bite. The chicken itself (cut in pieces, either dark or white meat) is steamed in ginger and garlic. I love this plate! The aroma of the marinated chicken is so flavorful in your mouth. You get two different types of dipping sauce with the dish. A semi sweet soy sauce and an amazing semi sweet chili dipping sauce. Both of these sauces are great with the chicken!.. The portions are also very filling!

As for desserts, I would recommend their sweet Rotti ($1) .. It is pretty much a crispy fried tortilla with condense milk and powdered sugar. I was super surprised how delicious these 3 combinations taste together!I It is very simple but very tasty!
---

The only con I would give to BW is that they don't have a very extensive drink/ dessert menu. Just be prepared for can sodas and about only 3 selections of desserts. However, the entree selections are plentiful. 

Overall, if you haven't tried BW yet, you are missing out! My girlfriends and I always overindulge ourselves when eating there and every time, our bill is under $25 (we always go with 3 or more ppl!)
Decide to give this place a try since the line outside Monta Ramen went crazy long and it was not all that anymore.

The Chicken rice is alright, their porridge was good, big portion and tasted legit.

The high light must be their beef ramen.  The soup is not as bold but since they put different type of spices in it, thats why it is not as bold taste as others but it is definitely good.  The ramen was a bit letdown since i wish they can use thicker noodle but for the price, I am not complaining

Their shrimp wonton is good!!  All shrimp wonton in a bowl for $4.95. Crazy.  I wish we have similiar quality wonton in LA but the last good one shut down years ago.

I think if they can let me beef soup with wonton will be the best match but I don't think they will let me do that.  I will try next time when I go and will give an update.
Big Wong can get in this belly anytime.

Their menu is simple, easy and cheap.

After reading several reviews and seeing several of yelp friends visit this place, it was time for me to give this place a try. 


What I loved:

The desert rotis.
The plain rotis.
The chicken curry.
The shrimp wonton soup.

What I liked:
The salt and pepper chicken wings. 
The beef and tendon ramen.


What can I say? Good, decent food at cheap prices. I will definitely be back time and time again. To go ordering is simple and so fast and painless.
A good place to go if you only want a snack or want to spend less than $10.00 on dinner.  All of the items are pretty standard with no frills.  Just a good, quick, cheap meal.
I am SO glad that we made the "fortunate mistake" of coming to Big Wong Restaurant! We came here because yelp listed this place under dim sum. This is NOT a dim sum restaurant where they serve the small tasting dishes like Asian tapas, but I'm SO glad I stayed.

First, I'm NOT a fried won ton fan, because I can make them better than most Chinese restaurants. (True) BUT THIS PLACE makes won tons like they are SUPPOSED to be made! These are NOT the usual fried thick, greasy won ton wrappers full of over-seasoned fillers of minced indistinguishable shrimp mixed with egg white and minced bamboo shoots. Instead, THIN, delicate crisp wrappers, and the flavor of FRESH REAL plump chunks of shrimp are allowed to shine through in each bite. When you use fresh, quality shrimp, the flavor of the fresh shrimp is what shines through!

I had the steamed chicken accompanied by gai lan (Chinese broccoli), lap cheong (slices of Chinese sausage) and steamed rice. The vegetables were perfectly crisp tender, the sausage was of good quality (meaning not fatty & salty), and fluffy steamed rice. The dish was a great balance of flavors with the delicately flavorful broth from the steamed chicken.

The prices are cheap, and portions generous, but that does NOT mean this place skimps on quality! If you want Chinese food made with FRESH ingredients and not full of bloating MSG, come here! Even the tea is great: a slightly sweet jasmine tea!

And you MUST MUST MUST finish your meal with the SWEET ROTI! (See my tip for more on the SWEET ROTI!)
Big Wong is still my favorite Chinese lunch restaurant. The special shrimp noodle dish is always consistently great with the shrimp wontons and shrimpy based soup. I also like the fact they bring out the green onions, and hot sauce condiments so you can add more flavor to it as needed. The fresh diced green onions add a fresh flavor to the rich soup.

Since their opening, they have added more menu items but I can't eat the special shrimp noodle soup and something else because their portions are more than enough for one person. 

Next time I will have to come back with a group so I can try their other items.
Fast and cheap tasty food. I like the chicken curry over rice for only 4.95!!  Also the mango pudding for dessert is delicious and only $1.25. I came here because Monta was a ridiculously long wait and it ended up being great.
I suppose now is as good a time as any to get my 400th review into the system.

Big Wong is worthy of a milestone review, because everything here is amazing. It's affordable, delicious and clutch.

I've been here a few times, but I'll share a little ditty about my first visit. I was in the mood for some soup, and was in the area. I had walked by once after a meal at Raku, so I figured I'd actually make the visit this time. Probably the funny name

I ordered the Shrimp Wonton soup. Steamed wontons in a very delicious broth. I was recovering from a cold, so this was very necessary. 

Everything was simply perfect, down to the addition of baby bok choy in the soup. 

The staff was very friendly, and because I was so enthusiastic about my meal, I ordered a second order to go. Each order is about five bucks.

If you want to splurge, order the dessert roti. It's a mindblowing hand stretched roti sprinkled with powedered sugar and drizzled with honey.

So, whatcha waiting for? Hit this place up.
I  highly recommend this place. Good food, good prices, and good service. Owners are very nice.  I recommend anything on the menu. My favorite item is the chicken curry with roti.
My friend and I came here after school for late dinner.  We had our minds set on eating and drinking but they don't serve alcohol.  The place was empty as it was already close to 10pm.

They have Thai, Chinese, Vietnamese, Malaysian and Taiwanese dishes.  We got the chicken curry with roti, rib eye steak and beef ramen (the beef was so tender and broth had a good flavor).  They were good.  I really enjoyed the beef ramen.  We also got Thai iced tea which were in small 8oz styrofoam cups.  Everything about this place screams ASIAN!!!  The service, the cigarette smell coming from the kitchen and unpretentiousness.  The food was very cheap.  We only paid a bit over $20 for everything we got.  We were stuffed.

I'll come back to try their other dishes.
It's great being here in Vegas and trying all types of food the strips and buffets has to offer. Then you try Chinatown food looking for a familiar setting you can find comfort in while being away from home, but all you find are high priced food ($8-14/dish) that the tastes good enough. Until you find Big Wong! 
This authentic restaurant screams, "feed my soul with your warm food."  You will find specials postered on their walls, a small joint that seems like only locals know about, to appreciate the scent of satay pan as you bite into your garlic infused ong choy, and enjoy the classic no b.s. attitude of the waitress ( which reminds me of ok service, but great food). 
No glitz, no glam kind of place. Just sit back, chill, and dine until it hit the spot! On average their price ~$4-6/item, can of pop $1, rice bowl $1. Can't beat that. They keep the menu short and serve quick. Waitress says, "we have a lil bit of everything, but we don't have everything." Meaning= Pan-Asian menu, no fried rice! Don't ask, you'll get yelled at. Hahaha...
Everything was great! We ordered: salt n pepper chicken wings, wonton shrimp w udon noodle soup, satay garlic ong choy, good soy sauce. 

Cons: wooden chop sticks, plastic spoon
Dessert roti. NOMNOMNOM. I guess I better start off with what I did like. The salt and pepper chicken wings and the dessert roti's are total winners.

We tried the chicken curry with roti cause I read soooo many reviews about it but unfortunately, nothing about it wowed me! :( 
We also tried the salt and pepper shrimp and I won't say it was horrible...but I was not impressed. Leaving the head and shell on was quite a deal breaker for me.

The pro is that this place is more than affordable but unfortunately the lady/probably owner isn't that friendly. Another thing I found really weird was that they would use real plates, but give you plastic utensils, which is a strange concept to me. This place is really only 3.5 stars worthy but thinking about the dessert roti makes it 4.

Here are the priceless reactions for the roti and chicken wings
https://t.co/ISQtcRiSMU
https://t.co/1xGG31eeTL
I cam here with Brad T., Alexis K. & her hubby came here one night to eat some good food.

Brad T. and I never heard or been to Big Wong Restaurant so when we looked it up on Yelp we were surprised how great the ratings were here.  Anyways, we ordered about 7 dishes ( I believe ) and wow was everything I tasted was so good & the prices were so cheap! I wish I remembered what we ordered so I can recommend some dishes but I forgot them all.


Ratings:
Service (4)
Food (5)
Atmosphere (4)
Easiness of paying (4) 
Overall (4) 

Great place, great good, and with great company!
The lady at this place is rude. she don't know how to greet customers with a smile. I will never go back there!!!!
Love this place. Amazing good food with super cheap price.
So I've been here a few times before and adored it. From the food to the wait staff to the cheapness TO THE FACT THAT THEY HAVE NO SHAME IN THEIR GAME AND THE KITCHEN DOOR IS ALWAYS OPEN WHEN YOU WALK UP TO THE PLACE.

 I just enjoy it.

One broke Sunday I decide it's worth the drive to explore China town and end up taking the BF into BW.

First of all, he loved his food. He had the Hoi Nam chicken.
When the waitress brought it out she took one look at his giant-ginger self and explained to him how to eat it.
Which he highly appreciated.

I got the chicken curry and man they do it well. The flavor is deep and the meat is so tender it becomes a gravy for me to slather atop rice.

We also split the shrimp appetizer can't fail there.

When the bill came to 15 bucks I thought he was gonna faint.
Good times.
So my boyfriend and I had a friend in town and he wanted to take us somewhere for lunch in China Town, I was excited because not only are we slightly new to Las Vegas and have not hit any places in MLV China Town but my friend Robin really knows what and how to order. We are very open to trying anything and everything new. We read the yelp reviews and wished we had came earler because of course, they were out of their famous Soy Sauce Chicken entree which I WILL be back for. We receieved awesome customer service from the owner/manger who helped us select lots of things off the menue. The HMO CHICKEN (I think it was called) WITH RICE was amazing mixed up with the sauces it came with. The garlic pepper chicken wings were also very very good. We had very fresh shrimp wontons and I was impressed with how fresh the shrimp tasted considering it is Las Vegas... The Ocho Vegtable dish they had went well with everything. We also had the curry and it was verrry good with some type of bread tortila to dip in it. I wasn't very fond of the pourage our friend ordered but I think it is more of a accustomed taste that is needed although my boyfriend loved it. Not only was everything great...the prices were outstanding! I will be back with friends and family expecially because you can call an hr or more ahead to have the Soy Sauce Chicken ready for you so you dont show up and they have ran out! I might even go there for lunch soon consdering I work very close to there :)
No need to make a joke about the name...it's Big Wong...not Big Wang!  =D

This is a review of their Shrimp Wonton Soup.

It's cheap, it's good, it's fast, it's served piping hot & it hasn't made me sick the 3 times I've tried it.  Easily my favorite wonton soup in the valley.  The added greens are a nice touch.  All the other times I've had wonton soup, it was just the wontons.

Granted, I need to try other things on their menu, but I always fill up on the wonton & am satisfied.  Don't expect anything fancy when you arrive.  I simply come here for a quick & delicious bowl of soup...not the decor.  

If you don't feel like waiting to be seated at Monta...give this place (in the same strip mall/parking lot) a shot.
So glad my friends and I found this place! We were in the same plaza at The Foot Spa and we were waiting for a cab to come and we decided to stop into Big Wong and grab something to drink and maybe a little snack and we ended up having an early dinner there! The staff were so nice and the food is so good!

What we had:
Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings - super yummy and spicy
Ong Choy, Thai Style - so good that we had to get 2 plates!
Fried Shrimp Wontons - yummy! just like a shrimp ball in a different form
Mango Pudding - it has mango chunks!
Almond Pudding - it has litchi and longan bits in it.
Sweet Roti Pancake - this is AMAZING! Roti with condensed milk and powdered sugar on top! It's so good, when I got home, I was craving it and had to go find roti to make and put condensed milk on it!
Found this place based on a recommendation by a Taiwanese friend of mine.  Later I had taken the whole family during the beginning of a road trip and they loved the food.  It was quite nice because my dad who has worked in a Chinese restaurant for over thirty five years himself is a very difficult person to please when it comes to eating out and he had nothing but praises, especially for their gravy, saying they did everything right.

Pro: Great affordable prices, perfectly deep fried foods, home cooked style, personable service.

Con: Smaller operation, therefore service can be slow at times.

Unique: Mango pudding and the almond with lychee, both desserts made with real fruit and not artificial like most Asian places.
Fast, great value.... and a diverse different menu.
This place is amazing. Amazing because you get such delicious food for such a cheap price. Most of their items are about $5, and most do not exceed $10.

The portions are filling to a man, for a girl, you may be able to split it into 2 meals. I got the Beef Noodle Soup and the broth was soooo savory! Delicious! The chicken curry is delicious too. I definitely recommend the salt and pepper shrimp and the fried chicken wings. So delicious.

I don't recommend their porridge though, it tasted more like rice, which means they probably did not make the meat broth properly.

Also, sometimes there are only one waitress and one chef, so it may take some time to get your food, but it's worth it. :)
best cheap Chinese in las vegas! yummy!
If you want some authentic Chinese food, this is the place to go!  Service was fast and the food was good and cheap!

Items ordered:

Beef Ramen - Don't expect Japanese Raman or anything near that.  The broth in this soup taste like beef stew and its yummy.  Very tasty and yummy.

Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings - Nom Nom Nom.... I love the chicken wings here.  Fried to perfection and the wings were season to perfection too.

Shrimp Won-Ton Soup with Udon - This noodle soup was a little bland, but that is how these kind of noodle soup is supposed to be.  

Will recommend this place to anyone who want some authentic Chinese food.
Great place to come if your on a budget and want good food and large portions. The dining room isn't as nice as it could be but the price makes up for the ambiance.

PROS: 
House special shrimp wonton with egg noodle soup
Salt & pepper pork chop
Hoi Nam chicken
Beef ramen soup (as featured in articles posted on the wall)
Prices

CONS:
The inside could use a small facelift

CASH ONLY!
Big Wongs i could say has the best authentic chinese food in VEGAS!! yes!! yet again the prices are so cheap to the quality of food they serve! friendly & great service. the steamed chicken is amazing! their Salt & pepper chicken wings are a must have! & to top off a great meal you have to try their Roti pancake! 5 Stars for big wongs for great quality food at a very affordable price!
My friend Samson took me here because he said it makes him feel like he's at home with how authentic it is. I have to admit it's pretty good. I got hai nam chicken it was really good and we got some water spinach. If your looking for cheap dishes and good taste try this place
As good as Chinese food you'll find in Vegas with each dish for about $4.95 to $7. One can't go wrong. The decor is bare basics but a terrific cheap eats with great Hainan chicken.
I ordered the Hoi Nam Chicken. But I was really confused with what I got. This is not Hoi Nam Chicken. It is cold, obviously right out of the fridge, or the microwave, because I could still feel the ice in the bone and meat. I talked to the manager or boss. Her response was that this is not the way Hoi Nam Chicken is served. She even told me not to expect the dish will come out the same way as in LA or NY, even though the posted signs in the restaurant claming authentic chinese food. 

The food tasted bad. The attitude is not so friendly. Sorry, I cannot recommend it.
I came here based on yelp reviews....but it was only okay for me.

I ordered the #8 which was roti and curry chicken. It was good...although the dish had more potatoes than chicken in my container.

The lady working here recommended watercress vegetables when I ordered stir fry veggies in oyster sauce. She said the watercress was in season. I went with her recommendation but I only thought the vegetable dish was okay. I ended up throwing most of it away.
My friends love this place, I say it was A-OK. The steak was cooked perfectly though. I just find it odd that they serve the steak over rice and boiled potatoes, which by the way, potatoes were bland. It is affordable though.
You guessed it, this place have now been one of those places I come to when I'm in Vegas... the Hamione Chicken rice dish is still as good as the last reviews... and the shrimp wonton is still excellent
Cheap cheap Asian eats....

* Cash only

* Ok this place is amazing for being cheap (5-10 bucks)  but I wouldn't say the food is amazing.  Portions can be large from what I saw at other tables but our curry only had a handful of small beef chunks in it.

* Beef curry with roti- Since this seemed to be one of the popular dishes raved about we tried it.  Not the most flavorful, kinda bland actually.  I think I can make a better curry than this (and it's made from curry cubes ala box!).

* Shrimp fried wontons- The hubs and I don't normally order wontons but the waitress recommended so we gave it a try.  Mostly fried wrapper with a little ground up shrimp inside.  We ate the tasty shrimp and tossed the rest. Meh.

I'd be open to giving this place a second try but I'd def. order something else...
I'm a bit surprised I gave Big Wong only three stars before. Although not five stars (that's reserved for stellar experiences). Big Wong is a HARD four stars. As four as you can get without being a five. The food reminds me of the steamy rice and noodle shops on Mott St. back in NYC. They are straight up delicious and priced to be ordered in abundance. I wish Big Wong was closer to my house. Like next door would be perfect.
The food was satisfactory but the prices were amazing! Tried the beef ramen and I would definitely come again for it if I was on a budget. Friendly staff
BIG WONG's is located at the corner of Spring Mt/Decatur just WEST of Spring Mt right after you pass "Jack in the Crack".  Its easy to pass up...

Chinese food craving kicked in big time one night, there was no way that i was returning to (I will not mention the name of the other chinese establishment, just scroll through my reviews) but I was not going back. So I get on my YELP app and look up cheap ($) chinese food (don't judge me) BIG WONG'S pops up.  I'm all about supporting the local family owned business.

I rate 3STARS for one reason only...the SHRIMP WONTONS, um DELISH yea!  It's nothing super fancy, very simple item.  I came across this item by default, I actually walked in for a killer egg roll but this restaurant does not sell EGG ROLLS.  and the lady looked at me like I had 2 heads and I asked for egg rolls. "I'm sorry lady, my mistake, I thought all Chinese Food restaurant serve egg rolls, they do in California."  Ok, I'm getting sidetracked here.....so no egg rolls but she suggested that I tried their Shrimp Wontons instead... 

-Shrimp - Wonton Wrappers - Deep Fried Goodness - served w/ a sweet and sour chili sauce.  all for $4.95 - 8pcs

Crispy, not soggy or saturated w/ oil.  Made to order, I always do take out, they are sealed in a foil heat bag to keep them warm and crunchy.  

This is so a MOM and POP joint, no fancy digs here.  I have never tried anything else on the menu because it does not appeal to me, I go there for one thing and one thing ONLY!!! SHRIMP WONTONS (simple deliciousness)

Try it out, you might find something other than SHRIMP WONTONS on that menu that you might like


-ENJOY ;-)
I love this place. It's cheap and and the food delicious and comes in a generous portion size. I've been here a few times now and my go to meal is the curry chicken with potatoes and roti. Being an islander and living on the opposite coast from my mom, I don't get all the good cooking. Oddly this meal even though it's from a different place hits the spot! The roti tastes just like how my mom would cook and I couldn't appreciate that any more than I do. This place is definitely a winner!
Place is ok if you're looking for a cheap price.  Food was ok..I had better.  Not that much food selection for a chinese restaurant.  Service was extremely slow.  I guess u get what u pay for.
Like a dubbed old school low budget kung fu movie, Big Wong keeps it simple with good menu selections and low prices.

Was gonna go to SnowFlake Shavery but didn't have dinner yet so we decided to check out this Wong place. After looking over the menu, I was astounded by how simple it was laid out and explained. Most dishes were around the 5 to 6 dollar range. I was excited that it was pretty cheap and at the same time cautious because of the quality you might get because of it. 

First visit I ordered the Shrimp Wonton with Udon noodles and the wifey ordered the Rice Vermiccelli Noodle Soup which she shared with my youngest son. We were all amazed at how hot and fresh both dishes were especially with how fast we received it too. The Shrimp Wonton mixed with Udon Noodles were some of the best Wonton I have had in a while. As for the the other dish my wife and son shared, it was basically a pho bowl, which was pretty good as well.

I was impressed so we came back the next day for lunch to try some of the other items. Our second visit verified that this place was gonna be one of our go to places for good, cheap fast food. What we got this time was the Beef Ramen, Salt n Pepper Porkchop, and Thinly Sliced Ribeye over Rice.  

The Beef Ramen has your basic Ramen Noodles accompanied by tender chunks of Beef Brisket which gave the overall taste of the soup tremendous flavor. The Salt n Pepper Porkchop was exactly that. A deep fried Porkchop lightly coated in salt and pepper, then sliced and garnished with thinly sliced sauteed jalapenos. When you bite into it, all the flavors put together are like a really good orchestra playing in your mouth. I asked for some sweet chili sauce on the side to dip it in and some steamed white rice to accompany it. As for the Thinly Sliced Ribeye, it comes with an au jus type of of gravy to dip it in and then you eat it it with the steamed white rice. Really good flavors from this as well.

The overall total with tax and tip was around 20 dollars. Not bad for all the food I just mentioned! 

Service was decent. They would come around refilling our drinks every so often so I never really had to ask for any refills. 

So if you want good food at low prices with decent service, you can't go wrong at Big Wongs! (Pun intended)
We ordered the chicken curry with rice, the beef with ramen, and the shrimp wonton soup. All 3 dishes were SIMPLE, but good portions for $15 credit card charge. The lady was pleasant and anticipated our wants: gave us an extra bowl and plate so we could share as it was our first time here. She did it without us having to ask for it. The prices are according with the quality and taste.of the foods. SIMPLE, pleasant, good portions,  and fair prices. We would go back to try other dishes.
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  The sloppily dressed, apathetic server. The styrofoam cups. How supplies, condiments, and other items were unorganized and visible to customers behind the counter. The multi-colored, haphazardly written poster menus on the wall.

LIKE  The shrimp wontons. The sweet roti. The special seafood noodle soup. The smiling chef who sometimes helped front of house.

LOVE  The beef ramen. The prices.
My second visit I ordered the chicken curry with roti  and chicken Hainan with rice. The roti bread was excellent . The Hainan chicken and the 2 sauces were delicious with a fluffy rice. We definitely will go back to try more dishes. The lady that doesn't smile is still very accomodating by offering me a glass of water while waiting for my order to go.
Been back a couple of times since my initial review...food is still good, but first time the owner lady was too busy fighting with the chef (husband?) and last time she was plain cranky towards me both when I called in for the order and when I went to pick up my food. 

As a small business owner myself, I would never mistreat my customers or take them for granted. I hope I can give them a better review next time I go back, IF I decide to go back. Then again, I can think of many restaurants more deserving of my support.
The most amazing hole in the wall place I have found in a long time! 

We ended up here accidentally after visiting a foot spa nearby, we were waiting for a cab and were told it would be 40 minutes before the cab arrived, so we decided to try Big Wong since we were amused by the name...and we were sure glad we came in!

The waiter (who I think was also the chef) told us what was the most fresh and cooked it how he thought we would like it, and every bite we took was better than the next. Thai style Ong Choy, Roti, all of it was amazing. The ambiance isn't anything to write home about, folding tables, Styrofoam cups, hand-written menu posters - but the food made us look past all of that.

Next time we are in Vegas, we will make the trip off the strip to Big Wong.
I gave this place another shot! The prices are extremely cheap. But don't expect much, you get what you pay for!  The utensils are plastic and your drinks are served in a foam cup, which I think is better than wondering if they washed it well or not. The food had good flavor, I ordered the chicken curry with the roti pancakes (3pcs) and my daughter had the beef noodle soup. The serving is pretty generous. 
The food presentation is blah! But if you're on a budget you can feed your entire family here and then still be able to order food to go... To which I did observe many patrons picking up food while I was there...
I walked out with a $10.90 bill
And tipped more than 20%
This has got to be one of the best valued meals you could ever have in Vegas.  $5 for most of the menu items ranging from wanton noodles soups to curry roti to to Hainanese chicken.  The shrimp wantons are good (more shrimp than fillers) and the salt & pepper wings are very juicy inside the crisp, slightly spicy skin.  It's cheap food, with good portion sizes, cooked perfectly and served with a smile.  Great when you're broke from a night of befuddling.  I just wish they would change the overhead lights.  They were so dim they almost gave me a headache.  Sit by the window.
Tucked in what seems to be the best foodie shopping center in Chinatown Las Vegas, one may easily overlook this hole in the wall as other superb restaurants--Raku, Trattoria Nakamura, Kabuto, Monta and Curry Zen--are also in the same location.  If it were not for Yelp recommendations, I probably would have never gone to this restaurant.

Looking through the menu, most of the items are under $5.00... my college fund definitely goes a long way in this place!!  I decided to try out their hainanese chicken since that is what the restaurant is mainly known for.  Being it my first time having such dish, I thought it was actually quite delicious!  The chicken breast was really tender due to the method of how it was cooked; also, the condiments (hoisin and chili sauce) add a great taste to the dish.  Also tried their chicken curry with roti and a fried pork dish... but thought I would rather get those elsewhere.


Overall experience? Big Wong Restaurant is a great place for lunch due to their affordable prices but definitely do not walk into this place with high expectations--YOU WILL GET WHAT YOU ARE PAYING FOR.  I actually like how the restaurant crews were yelling at each other half the time I was there since it makes the experience more authentic.  I will definitely be back!
I've seen this place so many times, laughed at the name, but never stopped in until one day my other half suggested we go.

Inside is a place with tables. This is common to Chinatown. It's low-cost and it seats people. The bathroom is strangely well-done, though. Anyway, you sit in a relatively warm place - again I'm assuming to save money. You get a small menu, and you get a selection of random things taped to the wall if you wish. I should specify - not food, but just bits of extra "menu."

The waitress, or who ever she is, is remarkably unfriendly. She is merely a physical vessel for carrying food from the kitchen to you. No words. No smiles. Just a note pad and minimal contact.

Ah, the food. So, it's kinda cheap at first. You think, "wow, what a good deal! $5-6?!" Ok, so you really get what you pay for. Everything is thawed, prepackaged, stuff. Just stuff. Nothing with much effort. If it could come out of a package, it did. Be it the fish balls, the roti, the chicken, or whatever. You can tell, everything is minimal. No extra love to preparation. The food is made and put on a plate, and thrown at you.

I don't like. There are SO many better choices out there, even in the same center. Monta, Raku, SnowFlake...
My friends and I were looking for a quick meal before the show and were thinking of trying something different. In comes Big Wong to the rescue, right? Wong. Er, wrong.

The first thing you'll notice, other than the walls interestingly adorned with handwritten paper menus, is the relatively dirt cheap prices. Almost everything we ordered was about $5, so the bar was already set pretty low. Unfortunately, the shrimp wonton soup with egg noodles just did not clear the bar for me. The "broth" was pretty much colored water - it had the same flavor, but a different color.

I liked the curry chicken with roti. It had solid flavor and a pretty decent portion size. No spiciness at all, but they brought out a sriracha bottle in case we wanted it. I managed to use the sriracha on my soup to distract me from the utter lack of salt and umami, so that's a plus. I also had one of my friend's salt and pepper chicken wings, and that one also was yummy. I would recommend these two dishes for sure.

So two out of three isn't bad, right? Not really. The problem is simple: if I can't rely on this place to be any good, I may as well go for one of the numerous other options in the area or even in the same plaza. I don't think I'll come back unless I'm somehow in the area and hurting for money.
I came here by accident, but boy was it a great mistake. The beef ramen has chunks of tender steak. It's not exactly bone-melting broth, but it's a hearty warm stew and the noodles have a fresh consistency. The real gem was the fried chicken and rice. All dark meat, fluffy rice, and egg for $5!  Some of the best Asian FC I've ever had. Come here to eat well and cheap!  Baller on a budget.
after reading the reviews, had to give it a try.  beef stew noodle, thats what it's called in hawaii, very tasty, though i like my broth saltier, ung choi with garlic, excellent, thank you waitress for the tip.  if you're in hawaii, order beef stew noodle with gravy, one of my favorites.
Great service, good food, and cheap eats. If you are looking for a Chinese restaurant that won't break bank, Big Wong is an ideal location for you because they offer an assortment of dishes for under $6. 

I ordered a special shrimp soup wonton with udon or ramen, I asked the guy if they had egg noodle, they did, so I went with that. I might have misread the title on the menu, because I was expecting regular wonton noodle soup with shrimp, which is what my other two friends had gotten, but what I got was actually shrimp soup. The broth was a rich red color and tasted exactly like shrimp. I probably wouldn't order that again because it was just too much for me to enjoy the soup, my mistake...but other than that, the noodles were great, wish they gave more wontons, but also I feel like the wonton were a tad overcooked, and the shrimp seemed mushy, but it actually wasn't.

They had bok coy cooked 2 ways I believe, decided to go with garlic, and I thought that was their best thing there, also under $6, most Chinese places would probably charge like $9+ for that, unless you get it during like a special lunch item. But ya, the bok choy was flavored well, didn't taste or look old, it had that nice bright green color, good crips, I would definitely order that again. The curry beef looked good, didn't get to try it, and my friend said the beef ramen soup was delicious.
Chicken rice is good value for money! The sweet roti was very nice! Highly recommend!
Big Wong is great! The price for the food is unbeatable!

Big Wong is located in a shopping plaza with other very popular restaurants(Snowflake, Raku, Monta) it is a small hole in the wall restaurant that is easy to miss. The menu is short and simple but the food is all tasty, especially for being so inexpensive. The Hoi Nam Chicken (Hainese Chicken and rice) and the deep fried pork chop are currently my favorites and I highly recommend trying them along with the rest of the menu. Only negative is the food can take a while when they are crowded as their staff number is small.
I highly recommend trying big Wong(and then go to snow flake for dessert:))
Surprisingly for a place that offers primarily chinese food the people there didnt speak a lick of CHINESe! Prices are cheap and inclusive of tax. i bet they are avoiding the tax themselves.
I ordered the fried pork chop w rice. the lady brings out the rice and egg first and tells me the porkchop will come shortly. um what am i supposed to do w the rice without the main dish. i told her she should bring both simultaneously next time. she explains that someone else preps the chops. she said affirms my suggestion... not sure if she will listen but... uhhh ok... bring both out when they are ready. i ordered it as one dish not two separate dishes. For the prices i guess its a good deal! CC accepted for  $10+
Not bad Big Wong. I was able to satisfy my appetite under $5 bucks and wasn't disappoint. That goes without saying that it really wasn't anything spectacular. 

So I got the Special Shrimp Soup and added shrimp wontons for an over-the-top shrimpy meal. The food came out fast and my first impression was the broth was pretty shrimpy w/ a little bit of spice to it. It also contained udon noodles and chopped Chinese broccoli. 

Coming in, I was starving and at the end I didn't even finish all my noodles. So don't be fooled! The portion size is deceiving because of all the substance they throw into the bowl. 

On the minus side, they serve their drinks in styrofoam cups. And that's something I'll always frown upon. I guess it's cheap but couldn't you save more with washable plastic cups? C'mon guys. 

Service was abrupt but attentive. The restaurant was arranged to sit groups of up to 6-8 people. 

Overall, I enjoyed my experience and I'll be back w/ friends to try more of the menu.
Our return here was because of the Chicken Hainan with rice and the options of dark/white, bone in or out. It's simple, but tasty. The salt/pepper chicken wings is also another favorite of ours. We tried the Congee for the first time with boneless fish & pork with preserved egg and liked it. I still wish we had room for another favorite of ours, the chicken curry with Roti......yummy. This place is friendly, excellent value, fast, and satisfying.
I'm going to have to amend my previous review a bit because of one menu item.

I was talking to a friend about how I didn't enjoy Big Wong at all, and he told me that he really likes one particular dish on their menu. Fast forward to this weekend when he suggested that we hang out. I asked if he wanted to "show me how good Big Wong can be," and he obliged.

This game-changing dish was the ~$5 Hainan boneless dark meat chicken with seasoned rice (#2 on the menu). We actually split an extra order of seasoned rice, leaving us plenty to go around. The chicken and rice were both quite tasty and sufficiently seasoned, and I liked both the soy and the spicy sauces that accompanied the dish. I would certainly recommend this place as a cheap lunch (and an excuse to hit up Snowflake Shavery for dessert).

We didn't get appetizers, but I'll stand by the curry chicken with roti and the salt and pepper chicken wings from my first visit. Just avoid the shrimp wonton soup and beef ramen like the plague.
My second time here. First time I was not that impressed. Today, my son dared me to return... Good choice. Thought it was gonna be typical Chinese fare but the food I had today was really good, I would definitely return....
I feel like I can't trust yelp reviews in vegas... The only thing that this place has going for them is that everything is cheap. Like most dishes are 5 or 6 dollars.

Ordered:
-hoi nam chicken over special seasoned rice (boneless dark)
-curry chicken with roti pancakes
-salt and pepper fish
-thai tea

The only thing that was okay was the dark chicken, and not enough to make me want to come back. My husband, however, wants to give it a second try bc the prices are so cheap. Let's hope we can find something good on their menu. 

The lady serving was rude... But I think that's pretty typical of Asian restaurants, so I didn't find that too offensive.

Also, i wonder why they can't use reusable plastic cups when they clearly wash their plates. All beverages are served in styrofoam cups. Ugh. I hate styrofoam. Not just bc it's not eco-friendly, but I might have an irrational fear of styrofoam. I hate the sounds and texture. It's just gross. :( Please get real cups!
Decided to finally stop by after one of my friends told me that they come here all the time. After we were seated and handed menus, I was surprised at how simple it was - a small rectangular laminted piece of paper printed from front to back. The front showed mostly rice and noodle dishes, which is what we decided to go with. Since there was only 2 of us, we ordered 3 items to share: fried chicken w/ rice, Hoi Nam chicken w/ seasoned rice,  and beef ramen. I was informed when ordering that the fried chicken would take 20 min to prepare, which I was ok with since we had 2 other dishes to eat.

The Hoi Nam chicken and seasoned rice was good, and the rice had an interesting taste to it which we liked. The chicken seemed well seasoned, juicy and perfectly cooked. The beef ramen, wasn't really Japanese style ramen, but then again this is a Chinese restaurant so why would it be? It was more like a beef noodle soup with ramen noodles and kind of reminded me of Taiwanese beef noodle soup, just not spicy at all and with ramen noodles instead of rice noodles. The beef was soft, tender and not over cooked and the soup was decent, but could've been seasoned a little better. When the fried chicken finally came out it was extremely hot and crispy and therefore delicious. I would return just for this dish alone since I'm a big fan of seasoned fried chicken.

Tried the almond pudding for dessert, which comes in a small container for $1.25 per order. The pudding was flavorful and refreshing, and included small lychee and longan in it.

Service was ok, mainly because there was only 1 waitress working on a Saturday night when most of the tables were full. You might experience a slight wait when trying to place your order or get refills, but it wasn't a big deal for me because we weren't in much of a hurry.

It was a nice surprise to see that tax is included in the menu pricing so what you see is what you pay. They do have a $10 minimum to use a card, but we decided just to pay cash. Our total was just over 17 bucks. What a deal! I'm sure I'll be back many times over in the future. Doesn't get any better than simplicity and low pricing at an Asian restaurant!
Yummy and cheap!  My husband and I tried out Big Wong and we both enjoyed it.  I tried the fried pork and he got the sirloin.  We just dumped the juices we got on the big cup of rice and enjoyed.
Cheap but yummy. I come to Las Vegas from California 2-3 times a year and I always come to this restaurant. Earlier this month I went to LV again for 3 days, and everyday I came here. I ordered different food everyday and all are delicious.
I guess it's about time for me to review this place. LOL! If your familiar with yelp, you'll notice that I got the most check-ins, ranking at #1. Anyways, we love this place, especially my 4 year old daughter. Her ultimate favorite is their Fried Shrimp wontons. We pretty much tried everything in the menu, but I myself always get thin rib-eye over rice and soup, either beef ramen or house shrimp soup with udon noodles. The hubby usually gets curry chicken with roti and soup, either their shrimp soup with wontons or seafood noodle soup. For those who say that the service sucks, we'll get to know Connie she's actually a nice lady. Although sometimes she has an attitude it's because there are some rude customers too. We have witness quite a few when we were there. Lastly it's clean I like that they use disposable utensils. I know it not Eco-friendly but in my opinion I feel safe that the spoon that someone put in their mouth will never be the same spoon that I'll be using. It's just I'm cool with styrofoam cups too :)! Oh yeah I almost forgot the price is so affordable. Every time we go here it's around $35-$40 with tip and I still have a little bit of left over for breakfast the next day.
We were originally going to go to Ramen Sora but it was busy so we drove to Monta but they were closed. Saw Big Wong, yelped it and it has a 4 star review so decided to check it out. We got 2 beef ramen noodle, 1 fried chicken w noodle and a soda. Came out to $18!! 

Their food is really yummy w awesome price tags. This is owned by a Thai & Chinese couple...from what I can gather. 

My bf overheard the main chef talking (big Wong) and that's how we started talking to them and finding out more info. 

Really friendly staff, can't wait to go back to check out their other dishes! ^_^
Beef Ramen is so delicious. We liked it so much that we went back the next day:). Best of yet, it's only $5.95. 

Hainan Chicken rice (boneless dark meat) is also very good, though we had better chicken. 

We also ordered vegetable with Hoisien sauce. Fresh and no disappointment. 

To sum it up, great comfort food at great price.
Beef ramen was okay. The soup was kind of bland but the beef was real tender. My wife had the shrimp ramen. She was not a fan. I give it a shot and neither am I.
Arrived in Vegas in the late afternoon and this was one of the few places that were actually opened on Thanksgiving. Our original idea was to go to the ramen place near this restaurant, but that place was closed for the holidays so we came here instead.

I don't know if this was just an every day thing or a holiday thing, but the server gave us tea in styrofoam cups. Odd. Very odd. What restaurant actually does that? Mm..

The lady server we had gotten didn't seem friendly. If anything, she seemed annoyed when she took our order. There was 10 of us so maybe that was overwhelming, but it just looked like we were troubling her by our order or something. 

The styrofoam cups should have gave me a clue. Besides their plates and bowls, everything else we had gotten was plastic. I had ordered their hoi nam chicken rice with white breast meat and oh man, it was... super dry. The sauce they gave me for it didn't even help hide the dryness of it. Ugh. I washed down the rest of the chicken while promising myself that I will never get this again. The rice it came with was good, but it didn't save the chicken. 

At least the bathroom was clean. 

1 star for being opened on thanksgiving when everything else was closed. 
1 star for not charging for tea.
I only ate here twice. One dine in and one take out. 
I think this is a family owned restaurant because when I dined it last time, the chef and waitress were yelling at each other in front of all customers..
I love their curry roti!! Its so bomb. The roti was so buttery. It already tasted good without curry sauce. The chicken chunk in the curry sauce was big but dry though.
Their hainan chicken was not bad but not crazy. I will definitely come back again since the food is not bad and actually really cheap!!
One of my favorite cheap eats in town! I always get the beef ramen with tendon. Its is super delicious. The spicy chicken wings are a must try too. The price, the portions, the location, and the quick service make this place one of my favorite restaurants. Try this place, you won't regret it.
Went here for lunch on a weekend. The place was not packed but you will see that the turnover was fast.  Ordered the following: Shrimp Wonton Noodle Soup, Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings (Recommended), Pork chop with Rice, Steamed Chicken with Mushroom and Chinese Sausage. All the items need a tad more salt but the flavors are there. The price was very reasonable. The service was also quick. 

Will be back for sure.
No complain! Affordable price and good service! Rice and noodle were all yummy! We ordered 4 different dishes, and only paid $30 (including tips)!
I believe this Chinese or Malaysian cuisine. I had their house shrimp spicy wonton soup. For $5.. It was really good! The serving was good and the single lady serving like twenty people did her best. I'd definitely go back. They have a large growing menu with interesting items that are all really affordable. My other two party members got their chickens. One was fried and one was boiled. They both devoured their dishes. I got a taste of the fried version and the sauce it came with was delicious. Really good.
We are a family of 4. Ordered 2 appetizers the fried shrimp wontons and salt and pepper wings. We ordered 3 entrees and paid $29!! Our 5 year old loved the beef ramen soup. My husband ordered fried pork chops with white rice it tastes great! I will return and next time save room for dessert.
I'm not sure why people were soooooo amazed by their beef ramen, but it was very disappointing. It was full of beef flavor; otherwise, very plain. The hai nan chicken rice my mom ordered was nasty. The white meat was so tough? Whatever they did, even the dipping sauces didn't help. Fish porridge, it was pretty thick. Didn't look that appetizing. Overall, given the price of the food, it was ok, but I doubt I'd be coming back. Looking at the four star on yelp, I feel like I really got cheated. :( I had to give this a two star. 

On another note, why do these food places ALWAYSSSSS forget my drink? Food #2 place that forgot my drink during my trip in vegas.
Great Chinese food with good price ...

We ordered curry chicken with peratha (roti), beef ramen and hai nam chicken rice ... 

All are delicious (very tasty) !
This place is awesome. The main chef regularly comes out to check if everything's up to par and has a great sense of humor! 
You absolutely MUST try the salt & pepper chicken wings along with the fried shrimp wontons! Everything here is just great!
this place ia the bomb!  you got to get soy sauce chicken, best i ever had!  best of food and best of prices
Cheap eats in Vegas short drive from the strip. 

Must try, their chicken wings!  OMG, the salt and pepper chicken wings are so delicious and the meat is super tender.  Got a great flavor and it's made to order. 

We also got some stir fried bok choy that was really tasty and 2 of their congee.  

I love the preserved egg congee and pork.  Their fish congee was just ok, the fish smelled and tasted slightly fishy....  The congee is the thick style and it's like $4 for a big bowl.  

In the midst of all the pricy places to eat in Vegas, this place is a nice break on your pocketbook if you want something simple and tasty.
My boyfriend and I were visiting Vegas, and as we were driving up there he was telling me about this great restaurant called Big Wong he's been hearing about from a friend. We decided we would give it a shot due to all the great reviews we read about.. 
When we got there, there was a hostess/waitress who looked really irritated to see us. She promptly sat us down and we said thanks and she doesn't even acknowledge it, just walks off. I was a little put off by the service but I just shrugged it off. We looked at the menu and we ordered a plate of the chicken wings to share between us, the beef ramen for my boyfriend, the double
Fish ball noodle soup for me, and two Thai teas. 
We got our drinks in a styrofoam cup. It was weird but I guess that's their norm. I drank it pretty quickly since it was small, and had to ask for a water within 5 minutes. Also a styrofoam cup. 
We then got our food. My boyfriend thought his ramen was okay, nothing special. I thought my noodle soup was bland beyond words. The soup tasted really watered down, I had to put in a ton of sriracha to give it any flavor at all. The wings were really good though, that was worth every penny. 

Some things bugged me a little during our visit there though. The kitchen is within full view to the restaurant which means I can hear the staff in there talking. At one point, I heard one of the guys in there raise his voice to another guy about not working hard enough? It was pretty loud and was a little unprofessional. 
Also, the waitress who was unfriendly the whole time, was on the verge of unpleasant. She seemed like she didn't want to be there serving us the whole time and I felt the negative vibe. 

Overall, this restaurant is cool if you're looking for acceptable quality in the food and cheap prices. Our total bill came out to only $20 so it wasn't bad. Make sure if you do go, try the wings. It'll make the trip worthwhile
I really like Big Wong. 

This is just to help them improve.

Their service sucks.

Everything is about $5 dollars.

The lady who has helped us both times is always alone. I'm sure it sucks for her. This is a prime location in the surrounding China Town area so I know it gets busy. There's about twenty people in here now. 

Anyways the food I really good. I've had their special spicy seafood soup with wontons and their beef ramen. Both were pretty good. The shrimp and wontons in the soup were of good quality. The beef ramen has a pretty basic beef flavor. There isn't even any taste of like ginger or even onion. The beef itself is cooked really soft. I've tried their chicken wings and their shrimp won tons. Both were good. The wings are seasoned well and came out hot quick and fresh. The shrimp wontons are also good. Both are good sizes for $5 each.

Anyways they give you super small water cups.

So here is my gripe. They have a menu item called 5., 5a, and 5b. It's their special deep fried chicken. One is bone in dark meat, One is bone out dark meat, and they have a boneless white meat. The dish is really good. The dark meat takes 25 minutes but it's worth it. 

So my sister got the bone out dark and my cousin the bone out white meat.

The server comes out and brings pork chops. So we spoke amongst ourselves like who ordered this?

And she's like it's number three deep fried pork chops.

I ordered soup so I know it's not mine.

But we are all positive that they got chicken.

She just walks off and says well you ordered that and shrugs her shoulders and walks off.

No arguing with that right?

So she ends up walking back and says it's wrong it goes somewhere else.

Needless to say she messed up.

There was no apology for the mix up or for blaming us.

Also we never got our drinks refilled. Not once.

Anyways I'll probably just order take out from here. I can't imaging coming here when their service sucks. 

Also I witnessed her have an attitude with another client because they requested a specific table for their large party. 

3.5-4 stars for the food and price but 2 overall.
I totally echoed with some other reviewers, the service really sucked there! They never smiled and sometimes I feel that customers are paying them to treat customers badly. It's like they don't care if you give them business or not. The price is very attractive but then after visting there for couple times, I eventually figured that it's not worth it because I never ate comfortably in the restaurant when their faces (the only lady who served customers and the kitchen staff, especially the female cook) always look upset. Why can't they smile a little more? Like another reviewer said, we always said thank you, when being seated, when the drinks came, when the food came, we said thank you. But there was no acknowledgement of our thanks, and the face was like "whatever".

The first time I went there I asked very politely if they have a bathroom (i asked after placing orders), and the lady was giving me an irritated look, as if I was a fool to ask.

I think the food is cheap because they only have so few employees there. And I guess that's why there is no good service, I think anyone could go postal if one has to do everything with no help. I did see that "only lady" taking orders, serving drinks, bringing out food, sweeping the floor, etc, all by herself. Poor thing.....and poor customers too. I guess that's why the "only lady" always has an irritated face. Though I can be empathetic, I still disagree with such kind of service. But I still can't figure out why the female cook has an irritated face. The male cook doesn't have an irritated look. But then he works in the kitchen mostly, so can't really compensate the unpleasant aura caused by the other 2 ladies. By the way, the female cook doesn't come out often either, but for that one time she did came out, she looked at me as if I was an eye sore for her, and I was just eating, not doing anything wrong though.

I think I would rather be starved instead of going back again....way too much discomfort to eat with that unpleasant aura. It's not worth it though the food is cheap.
I wish I had tried this place sooner! It really is awesome food for Decent prices. I really enjoyed the Curry and the rice. The service was quick. It feels like a nice family-run casual place. 

I do have one complaint... The layout of this joint! It was a chilly evening and the door kept opening so guests could come and go. I was FREEZING! I even wore my winter jacket the whole time. I probably wont go back until it is nicer weather.
Good eats for such a cheap price!

Almost everything on their menu is about $5, give or take a little.
Don't come here expecting the best customer service- lady up front I've seen is running around by herself, so don't be too harsh. The hearty food and low price that goes along with it makes up for their lack of customer service. Everything I tried (Hoi Nam chicken w/ seasoned rice, won ton soup, salt and pepper wings (YUM), and curry with roti) was surprisingly authentic tasting.
Definitely fulfills your craving for Asian food without putting a dent in your wallet. I'm more than satisfied! Will be back for the salt and pepper wings!
Not taking their customer service into consideration, 5 stars for food and affordability.
Amazing curry chicken & roti. The pepper chicken wings were great. Shrimp fried wonton was hot and fresh. Nice big juicy steak on the new menu was done perfectly. All this under $25... Aaaa-freaking-mazing !
Crazy cheap. We almost felt bad for not ordering more food because it was so cheap, but we weren't that hungry. The curry beef was so good because it had both a Hong Kong and Malaysian flare to it. It reminded me a lot of beef rendang which is my absolute favorite. My wife's pork chop over rice was only decent but cost less $5 so hard to complain. The place is very clean and all the dishes people were ordering looked and smelled great. The lady working the front could be a little friendlier and smile more. Other than that we were pleasantly surprised with this small hole in the wall.
Guilty pleasures. We all have guilty pleasures. And my guilty pleasure is Big Wong. 

....
....
....

Not that Big Wong! Get your mind out of the gutter! 

I'm talking about Big Wong, the unassuming Chinese/Malaysian restaurant in the Seoul Plaza (across from Snowflake Shavery). 

This place is crazy cheap, like 1982-prices cheap. So cheap... yes, I've wondered, what is making the "Special" Shrimp Soup so special. Yeah well, I'll take the risk because the food is absolutely delicious! 

I've only been there twice but they have over 32 items on their menu and I'll be updating this review often. I will try their entire menu, since most items are less than $5!!! What? And the portions are not tapa portion but are full-size portions, good enough to feed an adult for dinner. 

I LOVE their Curry Beef over rice. I can't pinpoint the country of the curry, it's a cross between Japanese Curry (I'm thinking House brand) but not as strong, and  panang or a masala. The curry has tender chunks of beef and is served simply over rice or roti. It is delicious.  

Roti's are flat flour pancakes and they are delicious. I'm committing a faux pas by saying this but it reminds me of Fausto's flour tortillas. It has that delicious glutenous flavor. The sweeten roti has condensed milk and makes for a nice dessert. 

The Shrimp wonton soup with flat rice noodles are excellent too. They make great shrimp wontons. 

Honorable mention is the fried porkchop over rice (served with a 5-spice flavored gravy). Tasty but not my favorite item on the menu. I like their mango pudding too. You get a good portion for $1.25 and it has bits of real mango. 

Can't wait to go again. At these prices, I can afford to eat here every day! The Munchie Box has nothing on Big Wong (the munchie box at Jack-in-the-Box, get your mind out of the gutter)!
Like every other review here, food is definitely delicious, and kudos to the chefs.

But because the food is priced so right, and the plaza is booming from the other restaurants.. business is picking up and service is completely nonexistent.

Sorry lady, please don't be too danm miseriable, the energy is not good. They need to hire a few teenagers to help run the business or something.  As good as anybody can be, being the hostess, server, busser, cashier and trying to answer the phone is plain ridiculous.

Add some music or a tv for some noise, the silence makes waiting more irritating.. 

Sorry for the rant but a business establishment needs to run efficiently in other for the customer to be satisfied

5 stars for the food, but overall experience: 3 stars
Big Wong is probably one of the best places to go for a meal if you wanna get full by not having to spend a lot of money. Everything on the menu is no more than $8 or $9. You get a big portion for whatever you get as well. 

If you ever decide to come here I suggest the chicken curry with roti pancakes and or rice. Their curry is SO GOOD. The salt and pepper chicken wings are also appetizing. 

Everything here is like comfort food! Try it out!
Probably my favorite curry place because it is affordable, tasty, and filling. I haven't tried a lot of their other items because I only come here for the curry, but their vegetables are also very tasty. I recommend ordering the Bok Choy with your curry.

Their curry has the perfect amount of spice for me and a good ratio of meat/potatoes/rice. I usually get the beef curry or chicken curry w/ roti pancakes (only 4.95)

Now I have read that people don't really get the best service here, which is true. Personally, I just come here to quickly satisfy my curry craving and the food comes out so fast that I don't even care about extra service. This place is definitely worth the price and even if you don't like it, your wallet won't be crying.
The food is very good and the price is very decent. 

The only thing is be prepared for a the sour mood by the lady working there. The service is actually good but the attitude is less than desirable. 

Just imagine your mom having a sucky day at work and then having to come home to cook dinner and you'll get the idea. You'd almost rather order pizza if not for the fact that the cooking is so good.

There would be 5 stars if not for the foul mood.
AMAZING FOOD! Highly recommend the shrimp wontons and the Thai tea. We had the fried chicken and noodle and the hoi nam chicken and both were delicious. Great service and very authentic food. And for the price? You cannot go wrong coming here!! I will be back next time I'm in Vegas!  Oh and don't forget the sweetened roti!
Big Wong is one of the best ways to get a $4.95 lunch in Vegas. 
Most of the menu is $5.00 and under. 

Price. Price. Price.

If that's what drives you come here. 

I ordered the shrimp wonton soup with udon noodle. I found the broth to be too lightly flavored, but there was plenty of shrimp packed wontons and noodles to fill up. 

None of the food at our table was spectacular, but all of the dishes were fine.

I may have judged this place too harshly, but it's hard to eat mediocre food when the best ramen in Vegas (Monta Ramen) and one of the best Japanese restaurants (Raku) are in the same shopping center for only a few dollars more.

I will certainly try Big Wong again and try not to dream of tonkatsu ramen.
My husband would get takeout from this place every other day if he could. The food tastes good and it's cheap - around $5 for a dish. I like the chicken curry and the stir-fried bok choy. He will eat anything on the menu. This is our go-to place when we don't want to cook.
Just a little drive outside of the strip... This Cheap and delicious place offers a lot of Hong Kong/Malaysia style entrees! The average price is $6, and there is everything from curry, hainam chicken rice, fried pork chop rice to vegetarian and seafood options.

I ordered the pork chop rice which came with a side of this amazing dipping sauce, pickled vegetables and a hard boiled egg.  Yum! 

My husband ordered the curry beef which was rich in flavor and good portion size. The two of us are here for about 10 bucks and walked away happy and stuffed.
First time visit was alright. I got the ramen w/ the fried chicken. The broth of the soup was unflavorful and tastes almost as water. But if you add the fried chicken in it, it gets better. I don't know if thats normal or not but overall it was pretty good. The staff doesnt really say anything or gives a greeting, or checks up on you while you're eating. You just do your own thing but I think thats expected since it is Chinatown. I'd come back though to try an entree w/ rice. :)
This place is far one of my favorites for hours of operation, but mostly it's consistent in flavor and taste. 
We ordered the usual salt & pepper chicken wings, curry chicken with delicious roti pancakes, fish congee with preserved egg, and chicken Hainan, dark meat & boneless. 
Good value for your money!
Excellent service, food prices, and food quality. They ran out of Ong choy but had Chinese broccoli and baby Bak choy. Had those two dishes in a garlic sauce. Also had thai iced tea, hai nam chicken, and a seafood ramen noodle bowl. Hai nam chicken was a tad bit too dry, but was pleased overall. They also ran out of the special Chinese chicken, Chinese sausage, and mushrooms noodle bowl!!! My total came out to be around $25. Will def come back again for such awesome food quality and friendly service. Of course this food is good for my wallet too!!!!!!!!!!!
Sup@ Yum Yum Goodness! We ordered 9a. Your choice of udon, ramen or egg noodles, mild spicy. Two Dessert Roti pancake. Steamed chicken with seasoned rice and fried shrimp wonton. Almond jello with lychee. Delish. We liked the service she was caring towards my 20 month old child. I always love going to places where I can take my baby be cause he does tend to make a mess. The baby chair was clean which is a big plus.
P.S. They do not have the D. Crab over noodles anymore.
For cheap eats, Big Wong can't be beat.  You can find most dishes here for $5. A big variety of dishes to order from ranging from wonton noodle soup to curry with roti.  It's a small joint with one cook in the kitchen and one guy working the front room.  A good alternative if the line at Monta ramen is too long.  However I have to warn you that the flavor was a bit bland. . But for the price it really can't be beat.
I can't believe i have not been eating at the is place sooner.  Big Wong has some classic Chinese food that stick to your ribs goodness.  I have been going here after work for the past 3 weeks on sunday to pick up dinner.  IN a plaza with such great food, Big Wong fits in well with the rest.  The decor is nothing, and the inside is pretty bland, but the food makes up for it.  The beef ramen is always a safe pick as well as the fried chicken with rice.  So far everything I have ordered has hit the spot.  Nice classic home cooked feel.  Nothing spectacular, but if you are looking for comfort food, Big Wong is the place to go.
Stop in for lunch today with my honey. Very warm reception from the owner. We had the salt and pepper shrimp chicken curry and there salt and pepper chicken wings all of them were amazing the prices were on hit I will be back
This place delivers as advertised. My new additional favorites are the steam chicken bowl with lup cheong and vegetable,  ribeye over pasta/rice and all desserts. Cheap, but good eats!
Cheap and delicious.  Most items on menu are around $5.  I'd highly recommend the salt and pepper chicken wings and shrimp.  So good and addicting!  A staple in my Vegas eats.
Wife and I are on our gap year travelling, so whenever there is $ to be saved, we will definitely try. 

Was staying down the road to Big Wongs so decided to give it a try for brunch. First impression is a very dingey looking asian joint, but that was quickly dismissed once we got the food. 

We ordered fried pork chop/rice and a hainan chicken/rice for only $4.95 each! Cant really go wrong! 

Serving size is great and tastes great as well. So good in fact we went back 2 days later. 

Great for anyone look for a cheap asian meal, dont expect the best thing ever. Might be abit hard to get to without a car.
OK so where to start! first of all don't let this little hidden gem sneak away from you! the setting is small nothing fancy but the fool.......AMAZING!!! I ordered the fried shrimp wontons, crispy flavorful and full of shrimp! That's right full of shrimp not cream cheese with scallion and shrimp sprinkled in but full of shrimp! wait did i say that already? for under $5 bucks its a steal. I ordered for my entree I ordered the house seafood soup which was  loaded with delicious seafood from shrimp, crab, fish cake and fish balls; i got mine with the rice noodles, pure perfection! definitely will be going back!
Interesting place with a variety of different dishes.

Prices are cheap, that's for sure, but they're definitely lacking in the flavor profiles of some dishes.

We ventured here for lunch and had a Shrimp Wonton Egg Noodle Soup, Hainan Chicken with Rice, Gai Lan with Garlic, and the Curry with Roti.

The Shrimp Wonton were OK, but nothing else special about the noodle soup.

Hainan Chicken lacked flavor and was dry.  The rice didn't have that great hainan chicken flavor to it and the sauces they gave were just a spicy sauce and what seemed to be the soy sauce chicken marinade.

The Gai Lan was good with lots of garlic.

The Curry with Roti might have had to be the best dish.

They were out of a lot of things, but not going to ding them on that.  I'm not sure if they even had the items, it would have changed my mind much.
The plaza this restaurant is in is full of amazing restaurants: Monta, Zen, Snowflake, and Trattoria Nakamura-ya. I knew eventually I'd have to give this one a shot, too. When LV Weekly did a writeup last week, I knew that time was coming quick.

Went in on a weekday evening around 8PM, only one other table was seated.
Immediately noticed the signage on the walls advertising seasonal specials and new menu items, and loved the prices. Went a bit hog-wild with the ordering: shrimp won ton soup with udon noodles, beef stew with oyster sauce, chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, and an order of salt and pepper wings. Actually included pictures for once, too.

Service was surprisingly friendly and attentive.
Food was great: the wonton soup was fabulous, the wonton skins used are not cheap and the quality is evident when you bite into the shrimp-packed parcels. Broth was very flavorful and had just a bit of a spicy kick to it. Strongly preferred the udon noodles we had with this dish to the ramen noodles that are your other option.
The beef stew was hearty and delicious, and the gravy had undertones of flavor that were reminiscent of pho. Not sure if they include bone broth in the gravy or if it's a particular aromatic, but the gravy had good flavor and the meat was tender.
Chinese broccoli was delicious, though I would have preferred more oyster sauce.
The salt and pepper wings? Very salty and very peppery. Pretty sure this is not a dish you could order by itself, as even to eat just three of them I had to space out bites of wing with that of other dishes- if you have HBP you might want to steer clear, as the salt in this dish was quite high.

BF also added on a mango pudding before we left: under $2 for a dessert that wasn't my thing, but served as a great creamy, cold palate cleanser, especially after those wings.

Love this plaza and all of the other businesses in it, definitely coming back to try other dishes here soon- but that won ton soup is likely to be my standby order!
Great place to come if you like good Chinese food on a budget. Also,love the shrimp wontons,crunchy on the outside tender on the inside...make sure to eat it when it is hot or else they will get soggy.lol.
Happy eating your fellow yelpie Terri xoxoxox
My favorites now are Thai Ong Choy made by the Lady cook, thin ribeye, steam chicken with veg & lupcheong, curry chicken with roti pancakes, ha nan chicken dark boneless, salt & pepper chicken wings. Satisfying and excellent value.
It was our first time here... But we'll definitely be back!!!! Simple delicious fast. Great service. Great choices. Can't wait to try the ong choy Thai style!
After reading all the rave reviews I was very disappointed after trying this place for the first time.  

Shrimp wontons were bland and a bit overcooked.  Chicken curry roti - the roti were a bit too greasy and the chicken curry came in a small cup which had many more potato chunks than chicken.  Hainan chicken came in a decent portion but very bland and a bit dry.  

Other than that the place was clean and service was great and friendly.  True a lot of the dishes were $5, but given the lack of taste I wouldn't mind pay a little more for better tasting food.
We were planning to eat in because it said they close at 11, but they said they were only taking orders to-go... but it was only 9:50. Not sure if they have different hours on Sundays but it wasn't indicated. 

We ordered the deep fried shrimp wontons and shrimp wonton soup. We were blown away! The soup was great, not oily or salty... and the wontons were addicting! We couldn't believe everything was under 9$. Majority of the food was around 4.95$! 

Can't wait to try and dine-in next time... we will definitely be back!
Big Don't. The server is very rude and there is only the one server. I'm tired of her rudeness. My family eats out a lot, all kinds of foods, but we will now stop going to Big Won't and their Big Waitress Attitude, she is always rude. She acts like she's Big Won and you're nothing won. She treats people like she hates her life or something. I have taken my family there for over 2 years or so, maybe once a month. She was rude starting day one, we ignore it, hoping that she becomes more polite. But she's the most horrible server.  Her energy is almost hateful. You have to make a loud noise to request any attention from her and sometimes that is not enough, she will ignore you talking to her sometime as well, and then you have to get up and go to her with any request, including if you want to order extra food. She never ask if you need anything, she acts like she's pissed off even when you try to pay. I feel a little sorry for the owner, she is costing him money because if people want to order extra food, his restaurant will profit more but the waitress always treats you like she's angry if you ask her for anything, including ordering or paying your bill. I guess losing profit is what he deserves, he's responsible for her being there. Her bad attitude is weird because it never change even though we keep being nice to her and even give her good tips, hoping she will realize what's going on but it doesn't work, she just always remains rude. Her disrespect, has never ended, so it's not worth the cheap food. We're done, she BIG FAILED, long time.
It's a small operation. Kind of like a "Hole in the wall" but the food was tasty. Great place for a lunch stop but not a place to bring a date or a business lunch if you want to impress. What it has going for it is it's inexpensive and quality is pretty good. Not a bad spot for lunch.
This restaurant has been on my bucket list for what seems forever.  The interior is small and dumpy - not a first date destination unless you are trying to send a message.  Staffing appeared to be a husband and wife with one other person in the kitchen.  My wife chose the shrimp wonton soup which was salty and pretty much devoid of flavor though the wontons were good.  I ordered the steamed chicken with mushrooms, Chinese sausage and choy som which was just okay.  We also shared a mango pudding that also was just okay.  Service was good and prices low, but I do not consider our meal a bargain because the food quality and ambiance were below average.
3.5 stars for hainan chicken w rice.  1 star for the curry beef brisket w rice.
Very friendly, good portions for cheap but food is very good and very tasty def a place to come back to
Fuck this restsurant what a fucking rude waitress not coming back hre u say tgank you u cant even get a respnse they can ubderstand english though ....
My roommates told me about this place, they had brought the shrimp Wontons. They brought some home and let me try it, I was hook. I ended up going to Big Wongs earlier today. I  order a few things. The shrimp wontons I order and then I order the fish balls, then the deep fried pork on white rice, then I order the beef noodle ramen. I'm not that impress. I see why it's cheap cause you get what you order from the price range. The beef ramen has a strange weird smell and taste. Its fresh but it just had that strange taste and smell. The fish balls wasn't real fish, it tasted very generic and fake, almost like a hot dog shape like balls, the texture is like the hotdog inside texture. The shrimp wontons are great as I said earlier, the deep fried pork on rice was good. I feel like I wasted money, I spent 24 dollars and I tip them 5 dollars and so altogether 27 dollars. The best thing I like was the food was packed pretty good, nothing will fall out. The food tasted fresh. The lady that took my order didn't have a personality but she wasn't rude and so that's good, a least she wasn't rude but no personality. I guess  this is a learning experience to be careful and do my research on a restaurant first before going over there. Lesson learn for me. It just sucks when you have your hopes up high, in hopes that you will get great food and then you eat the food, to find out the disappointment of wasting money and not enjoying the food that I order. I'm sure they have other great things on the menu but I won't ever be back at that place again. I tasted way better. A least there is some positives about this restaurant. I'm not going to even sweat the negatives thing, I just laugh and keep moving. I'm just thankful to have food. Life goes on, we learn, That's what makes us better people.
The food is only okie but all the good food all way run out in 2 hours so they open at 10 am to 11 pm do not come after 1:00pm because u never got ur good food ... So don't waste time if u want to come late... No point and u will be upset !! And the service is bad so per pair for that too!
A sweet little gem in Las Vegas.

Fantastic comfort food at great prices. By great prices, I mean "holy crap, that was so cheap and so good."

Worth the drive if you're into comfort Chinese food.
I love this place! It's low key, nothing fance, but dang good home style cooking. Been here every single time I set foot in Vegas. I've tried rice dishes, noodles, curry, and I love them all. The chicken wings and whatever fresh veggie they have is a must get everytime I'm here.
Food 3
Atmosphere 2
Service 2
Wait time (there was only us)
Price 4
No this is nothing fancy, neither were the flavors. In fact, the special seafood noodle soup was practically tasteless. I expected at least a little spice (had a chili pepper next to it), but the red colored soup was nothing but an illusion of blandness... A lot of toppings though I must say. But that did not make up for the runs I had after consuming 3/4 of the bowl...

The won ton egg noodle soup was the most bland I've ever had - and I had pretty high expectations since this is rated 4 stars on Yelp - disappointing. Everything was subpar except for the shrimp won tons.

If you're looking for dirt cheap food and don't care about the quality, then this is your place. There are definitely other places nearby that serve much better quality and authentic food. 

I can't believe how highly this is rated... maybe it's the noodle soups that suck.
Solid Chinese food. The reason I five star is because of the prices. Can't find these prices anywhere else for quality of food. Try it out. Good comfort Chinese food.
I've been here twice. It's nothing special. Prices are dirt cheap. There is only one wait person and only a couple people in the kitchen. Only 1-2 other groups when I came. Here's what I ordered:

Hainan Chicken 5
Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings 2
Roti 3
Wonton Noodle Soup 3

Reminded me of home cooking - which I sorely missed.
Truly excellent food for the price. The $5 ong Choy is actually as good as you can get it at any price. Service is inconsistent but that's kind of a Chinatown thing and hard to complain at this price. I try to stop in a couple times a week at least.  Try the salt and pepper chicken, poached chicken (in soy sauce). All very good!
Great find for a late night dinner after shows.  Their shrimp and shrimp wonton "hoi fun " soup was delicious.  A family of 6 - total tab was $45 before taxes. Don't expect too much service because they are short on staff but the food and prices offsets that.
Dim sum was acceptable but not great. Fried taro was bland. The hat how was fine , too, but not great. Nothing was really warm. The servers were friendly and so were the hosts.  The small beef dumplings were ok but , again, not so tasty.
The shrimp wonton soup is the best thing here. And that's about it.
Simple but delicious, quick Chinese. Hai Nam chicken with rice! Most likely will come back to try the great and inexpensive menu and not bad service.
I was not impressed by this place at all. The food was simply not good. Everyone In our party got different dishes so we could try a variety of Items on the menu. Sad to say, that we could barely even finish them. I get it, it's cheap but even that can't compensate for quality and flavor.
For the Waterloo university market, this is pretty good--would say the students are a bit spoiled. Probably just a notch below Richmond, BC, still a great value for $7.49 for the medium-sized bowl of braised beef noodles, your choice of thick or thin. 

Plenty of Bak Choy, sprouts too....and soup base surprisingly little if any MSG. 

Nice decor, 4 booth seatings. Good size for rest. 

Good suspicion that it's Taiwanese-owned too. 

Lots of parking.
Chen's is the busiest Chinese restaurant in the Waterloo university plaza; and for good reason. The food here is always fresh, portion sizes are good and the service has never let me down. The place is clean and comfortable. I suppose it is pricier then the other restaurant, but usually by $0.50 or $1.00 so not a big deal.

I think its great that they bring you both a fork and chopstick and once you become a regular they know your preference and remember it. I've eaten there many many times and done takeout as well and have always had a good experience. 

If you want Chinese food, have less than 30 minutes and less than $10 and are at the plaza and then this is the place to go.
Too bad
I love Chen! Great food, fair prices. Excellent value
Value for money! I love their shredded garlic potato and all the chicken dishes! Wholesome portions and great prices
Nice interior good food and really cool bowls. Definitely worth checking out
Chen's is about as good of Americanized Chinese food that one can find in the plaza. I enjoy the atmosphere and the people who work their are always friendly.
Not good
I don't doubt the quality of the food, it was pretty good, especially for the price. The interior was pretty well decorated for a university shop, however the service was terrible.

Went with a couple of friends, waited to be seated by standing near the entrance. They did not see us at all for the longest time and the restaurant wasn't even busy at the moment. So we took the liberty to self-sit oursleves, and then kept waiting for  the servers to see us. They didn't so we had to wave them down before the server even realized they had new customers. We ordered and one of our friend's dish was entirely forgotten. They never came to check on us, or even look at us to see how we were doing. 

I've been here more than a couple of times and the service has always let me down, so I'm sure why other people think the service is good. This probably doesn't always happen, but this experience sucked, therefore 2 stars....
Cheap, wonderful food. I love how they offer free bubble tea (great flavour too) for dinner, and the dinners are cheap, filling, and delicious. Chinese-style Chinese food, tastes exactly like Chinese food should. Good decor too. Although I've ordered the combo meals and the taste varies from cook to cook, it's always good enough for me to want to come back.
Typical Chinese restaurant in the UWaterloo plaza, although one of the busier ones. Had sweet and sour chicken with rice.  Decent food, cheap, and served quickly.  The decor was also nice compared to surrounding restaurants but bathrooms are not clean and are stacked with trash, boxes and cleaning supplies.  Would go again for take out.
I heard they were a lot better couple years back, but now they they can't compare to some of the other restaurants in the plaza. They tried improve their menu a year ago and that has made things a bit better but they're still iffy in my books
You go to lunch at the plaza

You walk right by Chen's

Maybe you've made it all the way to Mel's or BK.

Regardless of where you ended up, you will just ask yourself 'why didnt I just get Chen's'

Then you will go to Chen's. 

And you will be Happy.
The food is oily and expensive

I think the prime reason why people come here is due to the location
Otherwise, there are many better places in the plaza to eat.
I'm glad there are more Taiwanese options available. Noodle Pot's beef noodle soup is still the king of them all, but this place's beef noodle soup serves up a giant serving of yet-to-be completely tender beef and tendon with their fresh noodles and excellent stew. They also embellish the dish with plenty of vegetables and they place the preserved mustard greens on the side.

They also stumped me with one of their side dishes that comes with the pork chop rice. The pork chop rice had a nice batter that could have been slightly fried to a crispier perfection, but the side dish is made with cabbage, some minced daikon and possibly turmeric. I was slightly stumped by what the yellow in this side dish could be, so if you go and you know, then please tell me so I can stop thinking about it!

Two other side dishes were cauliflower, so fresh and simple, yet flavorful and comforting; and cucumber with garlic, so refreshing and crunchy. The soup was a delight with some medium pieces of radish infused in the fresh broth with some cut-up fish balls and cilantro to adorn the already fresh and sweet broth. 

I would like to add that the pork chop rice came with the two side dishes and soup all included for only $7.99. I believe the beef noodle soup was also $7.99. 

You can feel the cook's love in the food. I'm a fan and will be back!
Forgot that I saw a sign stating that a new Taiwanese eatery was going to be opening in the same strip mall where 168 Supermarket is located at.  That was at least a few weeks ago.  Fast forward or mentally fold space time like you would fold origami cranes to Stardate -311352.18 (http://plaza.ufl.edu/joec/startrek_stardate_system_explained.htm).  So after being denied my original dinner option at LBS, because they decided to close shop a full hour early, I ended up almost going to Hong Kong Garden (located right next door) before I spotted another new restaurant to try. YippeE!

And thanks to Jenny W.'s review, I decided to try their Beef Noodle Soup, which I thought was very authentic (without using bovine parts from 100% Taiwanese "yellow" cows).  Yeah, Taiwanese are still freaked out about the Mad Cow Disease and potentially radioactive cows from the Fukushima Daiichi fallout.

Maybe I was really hungry by the time I stepped through the welcoming doors of Taiwan Kitchen, but I thought the beef noodle soup was FANTAstic.  The noodle was extra delicious and the side of preserved vegetables plus the tender beef (in spite of the pieces being mucho grande) were extra nom nom packed with serious yum yum deliciousness, not to mention that the beef broth was wonderfully flavored with a hint of spicy kick. You can literally cook a regular package of instant ramen and serve it in that beef broth and have people raving about it. I think it was that good.  But I could have been delirious from finding another good spots for Taiwanese Eats.

They also offer boba smoothies made with real fruits.  Nelson Q is definitely going to have to check this place out.

And just for Jenny W. next time I will find out what is in the cabbage side dish.

Until then, eat and be merry.

Service:  3.5/5

Decor/Ambiance:  3/5  No frills, but that is okay.  I am not here to eat the decorations anyway.  Too much fiber gives me gas!

Parking:  4/5  Always plenty of parking in this part of the parking lot.

Price:  4/5  Reasonable!  

Food/Taste:  4.5/5  Go back and read paragraph 3. Twice if you have to and kindly correct any grammatical errors.

Composite Score:  4 stars.
The food is very close to homemade, lots TLC, good services, all you have to do is ask. The great beef noodle soup is my favorite. Bring back those memories from home which it is over 8500 miles away. The menu is not large which chef can focus on the details on all the cooking. The pork chop rice is like the super busy lunch/dinner corner deli I remembered back home.

The location is next to 168 supermarket which is the market I go the most. I highly recommend this restaurant to everyone.
It's been a long time since I wrote a review on Yelp, and this restaurant really inspired me to write one today. I was debating between a 4 star and a 5 star, and decided to go a little higher to give this new restaurant a boost.

I had seen the sign for this new restaurant open up near the 168 market. I was curious to what kind of food it served, and how good it was, since my Ah-Chung went out of business last year. I came here for lunch on a Saturday, and it was pretty quiet. The menu is small, which is usually a good sign that they focus on quality.

I ordered the chicken with ginger sauce, miso pork, and a side of salt and pepper chicken. The deep fried salt and pepper chicken came out first after a few minutes. You know they just fried it up because it was still piping hot, and the chicken is juicy and moist on the inside. I have eaten at a few places in Southern California, and I don't recall anyone making it this well. 

Next came the chicken with ginger sauce, which at first I thought was a pork dish because they breaded the chicken thigh and fried it. The sauce is really really nice, it's tangy and sweet and cuts through the greasiness. In fact, I am eating the left over chicken now as I write this review, and it's stil good after I microwaved it at home.

The only thing that I am not a big fan of is the miso pork dish, the pork had way too much fat on it, although cooked well, but I felt like instead of 20 piece of pork, 4 or 5 pieces would probably be a good quantity for the lunch plate as the taste gets tiresome quickly.

Finally, the lunch plate. For $7.99, you get a big serving of steamed rice, the meat of your choice, a daikon-radish soup, 2 vegetable side dishes (we got stirred fried string beans and steamed cauliflower), and a little bit of pickled cabbage. Not only is it an excellent deal, I absolutely enjoyed every component of the plate. 

I will definitely return and try out other dishes here.
I was looking for a place for a quick meal and was about to stop by Wendy's Noodle Cafe but decided to try this place out across the way.

The server was very friendly here from the beginning and I decided to order the minced pork entree, which came with winter melon soup, some stirred fried string beans, and an egg dish. The minced pork entree was cooked to order and very tasty, while the winter melon soup was just like home cooking. The string beans and the egg dish seemed to have sat around for awhile, were soggy, and were lacking in flavor. Pretty decent overall though.
I love this place. It's the best Taiwanese food in town. I visit about once a week. 
Highly recommend their fried pork chop rice, beef noodle soup and taro rib soup!!
Disappointing....

I was so excited to see another Taiwanese restaurant opening here in Vegas but it turned out to be an disappointment.  Most of the dishes they have are authentic Taiwanese food, food that I remembering growing up with like the beef noodle soup and fried pork chop rice and minced pork rice. However, the taste is just not there. Not to judge a book by it's cover but as soon as the waitress spoke I started questioning the authenticity of the restaurant.... and to my expectation, it was not an authentic Taiwanese restaurant. 

Service:
The waitress forgot my husband order and by the time all our party's dishes were half way eaten, his order (eel bowl) still have not come. We had to ask them about it and the waitress forgot to write his order..... WTH.  They told us it would be out right the way but we still waited 15 minute for his dish. 


Food:
Special of the day was Tea Duck - it was OK. Nice tea flavor but duck was a bit dry.

Stir Fried Chinese Vegetables - it was probably the best dish of the bunch, but then again, if you can't stir fry vegetables, then it's pretty sad.

Beef Noodle Soup -  broth was way too sweet. You do get good amount of beef and noodles though, but the flavor is just OK.

Fried Pork Chop Rice - the pork chop was good but all it came with on the plate was the pork chop, some pickled daikon and rice. What happen to the soy-sauce egg and some sauteed veggies that usually comes with pork chop rice??

Eel Rice - A small piece of eel (4" wide) on top of a rice with pickled daikon. Not impressed for $10 dish! The eel was not even grilled to crispy.

Salt & Pepper Pork - Decent but overly fried. 


I would not come here again.... if you want better noodle dishes go across the street to China Mama and if you want better rice dishes, go to Icy Juicy. I was bringing friends from out-of-town here and I am embarrassed to have them spent money here on their meal.
The chicken fried rice was absolutely delicious. The portion can easily feed 2 people. My boyfriend tried eel for the first time and he enjoyed it. The beef soup was very tender. Only complaint is that the noodles were impossible to eat due to the length. Maybe if we had scissors it would have been easier! The people were very nice and even though we didn't know what the menu choices were the man (seemed like he owned the place) did an amazing job explaining what everything was. The price was good for the size of the portions.
Good prices, decent food, friendly service :-) authentic Taiwanese.
There's not that many true Taiwanese restaurants in Vegas, which is a shame because I really do enjoy my beef rolls, pork chop rice, and beef noodle soup. My parents heard about this place through the Chinese newspaper and suggested we try the place out. Coincidentally, Taiwan Kitchen is several doors down from the other Taiwanese place I go to- Yi Mei Champion Deli. 

When we walked in, we were greeted by the waitress and promptly seated. Besides us, there was only one other customer eating, which I attributed to us being there right at the start of the lunch hour. We ordered the Taiwanese Beef Lo Mein, Pork Chop Rice, and Spicy Beef Noodle Soup. The first two dishes arrived fairly quickly, and then 2 other parties arrived. All the other parties' dishes started to arrive, and that's when I started to realize that they had forgotten about my noodle soup. My mother asked the waitress where our soup was and why the other tables were getting their orders even though they came way later than us, and immediately the waitress' face was like "OH CRAP" and she quickly apologized. Needless to say our soup came right after that. Other than that little mishap, service was good.

Taiwanese Beef Lo Mein- tastes like any other fried noodle dish you can get at your neighborhood Chinese takeout place, skip it. 

Pork Chop Rice- came with a boiled egg, sliced daikons and carrots, and pickled radishes. Usually, the pork chop is suppose to be marinated and then fried to a crispy, but this pork chop was covered in some sweet sauce? My mom said it tasted like teriyaki sauce so that could've been it. My father, who is Taiwanese, and knows a lot about the cuisine, was not pleased. 

Spicy Beef Noodle Soup- came in a huge bowl, can easily feed 2 people. The noodles and meat were good, but the soup was not at all spicy, which was disappointing. When I eat beef noodle soup, drinking the soup is one of the best parts and if it's not spicy enough to get me sweating and panting, then the chef has not done his/her job. 

Overall, the service was good, prices are decent, but the food could've been better. I also noticed that they were missing a lot of the traditional Taiwanese appetizers like beef rolls, oyster pancake, pig's ear, etc. They do serve many varieties of boba drinks, but I didn't get to try. I suppose that I will have to go back to Yi Mei next time I want to get my SPICY beef noodle soup fix.
This place used to have less varieties on the menu but the price is much better and they also serves little side dishes for free together with the entrees. They recently just changed to a new menu and the price has increased. They have got a different chef too and the food tastes worse than before. They don't serve free side dishes no more and they also got rid of the congee. The vermicelli was stir fried while it was supposed to be in soup (authentic style). Even though the servers are friendly its definitely not worth the price.
If you're in the mood for Taiwanese comfort food, this is your spot. We usually order their spicy beef noodle soup, homestyle tofu, and basil eggplant. Their pork chop rice is decent as well. Service is actually a bit better compared to the typical Asian restaurant. While the ambiance is a bit shabby, the main reason to go is good food at decent prices. Oftentimes, places like this only take cash, but they accept credit cards for added convenience.
Man, I was disappointed considering this place had an average of 4 stars! I frequently visit Yi-Mei and Noodle Pot so maybe I have already found the gem's of Chinatown/Taiwanese food. The beef noodle soup is ok, but there was only one noodle choice. We also got the pork rice plate. Another Yelper also wrote this and we had the same problem...isn't that pork supposed to be fried on a rice plate? It wasn't a deal breaker but just a little strange. The food was just so-so and our table was dirty when we sat down. This place needs to be seen by the health dept and needs more sanitizer in their sanitizer bucket.
After seeing a bunch of "Instagram" posts by my friend who recently dined here (who shall be remained anonymous ;-) ) haha.  I decided it was FINALLY time for me to give this place a try!  

Of course I couldn't dine here by myself, so who do I ask?  My other food friend of course!  

The only thing about this foodie friend of mine is that he is pretty sheltered when it comes to Asian food, so of course I take the role of ordering everything and of course, I always pick the most delicious stuff to eat (*sarcasm*) haha.  Nah but seriously, I do luck out a lot in picking good food to eat! 

We ordered way to much for just the two of us but here it goes: 

Salt Pepper Pork Chops

Three Cups Fried Tofu 

Taiwanese Salt Pepper Chicken

A-cai - a taiwanese vegetable disk 

A taiwanese dish I do not know how to say in english, but it has tofu, squid, pork, and celery.  

Both of our favorites would had to have been the Three Cups Fried Tofu, which is basically deep fried soft tofu and then cooked in soy sauce with basil, chili peppers, garlic and sugar for a while until all the flavors mesh.  You know it was our favorite since we had to fight for each of the tofu pieces! haha.  

The only dish that I did not enjoy was the taiwanese dish with the tofu and squid.  I guess you just can't get the original outside of the country huh?  

I'll definitely be coming back here again, and next time with more of my friends...cause that way we can order twice as much.  HAR HAR HAR!
A review from a Taiwanese-American. It's authentically Taiwanese, but they try to cater to a variety of people with Japanese food (ramen, eel, kama) and Chinese mainland dishes. Every time I go with my parents the same waitress serves us who I dare to say is a little clumsy and easily frazzled, but really courteous and tries her best. The main chef/owner always says hi and my parents oftentimes  chit-chats with him in Taiwanese. (* + 1 for authenticity)

When I go with my parents, we usually always order the same 4 dishes and a new dish for our family of five. 

Always dishes (personal translations):
1. Eggplant with Basil - Oily, but sooo good. They make the eggplant so soft, but not mushy.
2. Pig Intestine with Ginger (authentic TW) - Sweet, sour taste that real Taiwanese people absolutely love.
3. Fried, thin noodles (chao3 mi1 fen3) - This is the reason why my parents love this place. Not too salty, but filled with bean-sprouts, mushrooms, little green stuff. Consistently delicious.
4. 3 Cup Chicken - So yummy and oily. It's not for everyone, but if you like sauce with your steamed, white rice this is the perfect topping! (* + 1 for food)

Have tried:
- Kama: Not bad. A good size, cooked perfectly. Forgot the lemon and pile of minced radish (?). 
- Spicy Chicken Cubes: Spicy, yummy, and has large bell pepper slices. It's not bad, but probably won't get it again.
- Fish Sauce Eggplant: Tasty sauce when put on rice. Usually get this when we can't decide what else to get.
- A-Cai4: Veggie dish. Dad always asks for their suggestion on veggie dishes and usually we choose between this one or spinach. This is my personal favorite. 

Yeh yeh yeh, what about the Spicy Beef Noodle or the Crispy Fried Chicken? Well, my rationale to why they aren't so good, is that this is more of a family restaurant. The Taiwanese food that most people are looking for are found in places like Tea Station or Icy Juicy. This is a family-style restaurant where patrons order together and eat together. If that's what you're looking for and you love a home-style feel to Taiwanese food, than this is the place. (* + 1 for hometown feel)

Prices. Reasonable for the quantity. About $6-$9 for each family style dish. We got 6 dishes and 6 bowls of rice for about $60. (* + 1 for pricing)

I really like this place and I know my parents will continue taking us here. Delish.
3 Cup Chicken or San Bei Ji is a must order here.   3 Cup Chicken is braised chicken cooked in equal parts of soy sauce, sesame oil, and rice wine.  There's also some basil leaves on top to elevate the soulfulness of this dish.

You'll want to eat this with lots of rice and this isn't a Canton Chinese place so they'll give you one bowl of rice, not a big ass family bowl so you'll definitely want 2nds and 3rds to mop up the 3 Cup juice.  

This is Taiwanese soul food at its best.   If you're a chicken snob and don't like eating dark meat chicken off the bone then stay away, but otherwise make love to that bone and suck all the juice dry!

Other than 3 Cup chicken, the pork chop with rice was pretty good.  It wasn't fried like most Taiwanese but it was still tasty.  We ordered a few other dishes and everything was good but definitely order the 3 Cup Chicken!
My parents were in from Boston but they both grew up in Taiwan so I chose this place over the other one in the plaza based on the overall ratings.  We ended up going to both and this one was not the "champion".  

I would consider Taiwan Kitchen to be a dive based on the dirty floors and below average tables, chairs and booths.  That's not a deal breaker for me since ambiance isn't what we're here for.  We ended up splitting 4 entrees. 

Tofu Basil: Totally delicious and the best dish we had.  They prepared it like three cup chicken but it was even better because the tofu was nice and crispy.  The sauce was really good and went perfectly with rice.  I would come back just for this dish alone.  

Spicy Beef Noodle Soup: It was decent but we all agreed that the other place was champ.  The beef wasn't as tender as it should be.  It also wasn't that spicy.  

Pork chop with rice: It's hard to mess this one up and it was a solid dish that would've been a complete lunch or dinner for almost anyone not named Tony T.  

Thick Pork Noodle Soup: I didn't mind this but neither my parents nor my wife cared for it that much.  

They also offered "Japanese style ramen" but since when did Japanese start putting fried chicken in their ramen?  I am certainly curious.  We'll be back for the tofu basil and give some other plates a shot.
This restaurant is now closed. It was replaced by a Vietnamese restaurant named Pho Sing Sing.
This restaurant is pretty new. It used to serve you free milk tea with your orders. This offer is now gone. We have been there several times and tried most of their foods. We find that the portion was really small and the items were mostly over-priced. The food was pretty good though. The only few items that are worth the money were the Lunch Box with Rice and Taiwan Sausage with Rice. Their rice noodles are not even enough to feed a petite girl like me and it was $6.99 for a tiny plate! Their shaved ice is $7.00! OMG!
I would go again for the free milk tea but the offer is not valid anymore so I am not going back there unless they lower the prices. There are way too many good restaurants in Las Vegas with a lot larger portions!
Hopefully they get to read my review and revise either the Portion or the Price!
This is my favorite place !! I love the food n shave ice~
First of all, this place spells chicken, "chichen".

Anyway. 

The food was mediocre. It was so bland and took forever. Their pepper and salt chicken tasted literally like ass....

They also kept their restaurant EXTREMELY hot. The restaurant was definitely warmer than the outside night of Las Vegas...which is saying a lot. I tried to eat, but I had to get up and go because I was SO uncomfortable with how hot it was inside this place.

Their prices are also freaking ridiculous... too expensive for bland food that aint even good!
So far I've been there twice, and I love the food! I'm from Taiwan, and it has the taste of home :) . Service is great! Fast! Hospitable! And very generous too, when I asked for some clear soup that's not on their menu, they gave me a free but good portion of bowl of soup. I'm so glad there's one more place I could go when I miss food from home! :)
They don't turn on the ac. Instead, they use a ghetto fan to cool the entire restaurant. 
The service is horrible. Instead of making sure each table is okay, they would rather chat amongst themselves. If you plan on asking multiple times for napkins or other stuff, then come here. Even if they do remember to give napkins, they'll only give you one or two. They got our order wrong multiple times. Even when they were taking our order, they were impatient in waiting for us to decide what we wanted. 
Do not order any kind of rice dish. Also, do not order any kind of boba drink.
In summary, do not come here to eat. 
Bad service, lousy food, and no ac.
First of all, just wanted to thank Amanda M for turning me on to The Little Kitchen Cafe, which is a cool little restaurant that serves popular Taiwanese food and desserts.

They have been opened for almost two months, but I must have been avoiding Chinatown Plaza, as I was completely clueless about this new spot to get decent Taiwanese comfort foods and various shaved ice and snow ice desserts.  It is operated by Taiwanese business owner and staff, so it is an authentic Taiwanese restaurant biz.  Most are probably not professional wait staff with years of experience, but they are friendly and courteous.

On my first and currently only visit, I only ordered 3 items, so I still have a lot more of their menu to explore.  

1.  Pork Nugget Rice Noodle. This is a popular comfort food in Taiwan, which I usually have at least once when I go back to Taiwan.  The flavor is familiar, and I would say that it is decent, but only because I have tried it from vendors/restaurants that are known for serving the best in Taipei or the entire island country.  But without having to fly across the Pacific or at least driving to Monterey Park, this is not bad.  Portion is large.  Price seems high for the item, but you get a lot of it.  Good for sharing with others family style, so you can try more things.

2.  Pork Crispy Roll - I like the crispy exterior of this roll, but again it is just average appetizer for me. Hitting the best of the best for this item in Taiwan has ruined me!

3.  Milk Snow Ice - correct texture.  Just for that it is already superior to the imitation snow cream at Kuma just down the street, supposedly invented (just like Al Gore invented the Internet) by a local celebrity chef that has since moved himself to SoCal.

Snow Ice (7 flavors), Taiwanese shaved ice, and smoothies plus toppings for dessert. ($3.75 - $7)

--- 7/22/2013 Update---
Went with a group so we could ordered more items to split family style.  They were very accommodating and the food came out pretty fast.  Almost too fast for all the foodies to take pictures of everything we ordered before portioning it out to everyone.

All the rice dishes were served with Taiwanese pickled napa cabbage (similar to the Korean kimchi, but done in a day and without the fermentation process), hard boiled egg simmered in soy, minced pork.

Pork Chop Rice, a traditional bento box offering for travelers back in the days (20-30+ years ago) that were traveling by train or bus across the island.  It was pretty good, and I would order it again.

Taiwanese Style Sausage:  Good, but I prefer it to be cooked a little more for a slightly crispier exterior.

Spicy Wontons - good, but we all agreed that it could be spicier.

Minced Pork over Rice - Very popular Taiwanese comfort food, but also very hard to make really good.  This version is okay.

Salt and Pepper Chicken.  This is the Taiwanese version, and it is more like popcorn chicken with Taiwanese style salt & pepper seasoning.

Fried Rice Noodle.  Another traditional dish that is popular in Taiwan.  This is a good item to order for sharing with a group.

Matcha Shaved Snow + Red Bean.  A traditional flavor combination, and it was decent.  The green tea flavor is not as pronounced as Frost Bites (their version is king).

Peanut Shaved Snow + Boba.  I liked the roasted peanut flavor that was infused into the milk before the mixture was frozen. Boba was alright.

Blueberry Shaved Snow.  Texture was creamier than the rest, almost gelato-like with a "grape" flavor.  Nelson Q suggests having this with the Peanut Shaved Ice, to make a PB&J flavor combo.

Taro Shaved Snow + Taro.  Mild taro flavor from real taro and boost from taro powder (that color is just too purple to be all nature), but I think most will agree that this is the only item where people will prefer powder-base flavoring over all natural.

Mango Shaved Snow +Mango.  Pretty good. I like the big pieces of mango, although we had some that were still semi-frozen when this made its way around the table back to us.

Based on the above, I think they get a 3.5 stars.

P.S.  The AC issue mentioned in previous reviews, was resolved by the time of my visit.  

P.P.S.  Not friendly for American Express card holders.  And there is a $10 minimum for paying with the credit/debit card.
4 people, $70. Not worth it.

I come to vegas almost annually and these restaurants change frequently.
Simply put:
They have taiwanese food, bad taiwanese food.
There were four of us and we ordered 2 of the same things, and 2 different dishes.
Portions were too small and taste was only average.

My noodles came out really quick.....the other same order of noodles didn't come out until everything else came out.
Everything else including dishes that came out and were taken back and then brought back out again because the order was confused.
when eating the noodles, there were a ton of corn starch clumps in both bowls.
Corn starch is an ingredient, not a garnish.
We were actually told that after my bowl came out they ran out so thanks for telling me i got the old soup and they were making a fresh pot.

Here's the temperature problem. It was only about 10 degrees higher in the restaurant than it was outside. So if you're looking to sweat like a pregnant nun and overpay, proceed. I wouldn't be surprised if they were gone by our trip next year.
We stumbled upon this place when we couldn't find something we wanted to eat and was open late. The Little Kitchen is a small restaurant with limited seating. It sells Taiwan dishes, shaved ice, and drinks.  My husband is from the island of Taiwan and whenever he finds a place that sells the Taiwanese food we have to try it out. My husband is a fan of the Taiwanese meatball. It is small dish with an outside coated with a translucent dough and a meatball inside. It is hard to find a place that makes this special dish correctly or even at all. He tried it and we had to come back two days in row.
 

One of the things I would change is to make the dessert menu in English and Chinese. It is hard to order if you can't read in Chinese but, you can use the photos to choose what you want to try out. The shaved ice is really good. It is soft and melts in your mouth. It is not icy as I have tried other places in the past.  The condensed milk along with the pudding is great.   The portions of the shaved ice are large compared to what you would find in the San Francisco Bay Area.  


If this place were opened closer to home we would be regulars.
More like a 3.5 star.

Earl and I came in for dinner last night, and we literally went around the neighborhood 3 times before finding it.  First of all, the address is 4215 vs. 4250.  It is located next to Mother's Korean Grill, inside the shopping square where you see 99 Ranch Market.  I had to make the call to confirm the address.

Anywho, when we got there, we were seated promptly.  With the recommendation of the lady owner/cook, we got the won ton noodle soup, pork chop rice, and crispy chicken roll.  She doesn't speak English very well, but she point point and with the help of another gentleman that works there, we made our decision.  

-won ton noodle soup: clean broth, the won tons are deliciously handmade.  I don't care for the noodles.
-pork chop rice: underneath the tender pork chop slices, there are minced pork.  The boiled egg was over boiled so it was super dry.  It comes with picked mustard greens and kim chi.
-crispy chicken roll: our favorite of the evening.  The roll was slightly crisp on the outside, and flavorful in the inside.  This also came with kim chi.  You get salty, sweet, and tangy with this order.

When we requested for the check, the lady owner asked "No ice?"  I said no because we are full.  Though, $7ish for a small bowl of ice doesn't sound like a valuable deal.   

The meal cost us $24.  Overall, we think it's a decent place for decent Taiwanese food.
I haven't had their regular foods, but I have had their desserts and hospitality. They're both great! Right off the bat, everyone was friendly. Said hello and asked how we were. This is most unusual in Chinatown, but very nice. Our order was quickly taken in this small place and we got our desserts.

Matcha green tea shaved ice with red bean and pudding, and a lemon jelly ice. The matcha green tea shaved ice was perfect. The ice was creamy and soft, just as it should be. Flavor was just right. I think the pudding is home-made there. It was great. The lemon jelly ice could have been a little more sour, but it was great, too. Like a soup of lemon jelly, basically.

I'd most definitely be back. Just FYI, this place is a couple doors to the left of the Chinatown mall. Somehow the map was showing it elsewhere.
I attended Tony T.'s UYE here last night and we enjoyed the food a lot.  We shared 7 main dishes and 5 shaved snow desserts.  The winning dish for me last night was the salt and pepper fried chicken.  The dish was salty and it was somewhat spicy from the cayenne like pepper sprinkled on the chicken pieces.  It was terrific.

The Taiwanese style sausage and minced pork with rice were very good.  In addition, the cuttlefish noodle soup was also very enjoyable. I had one of the spicy wontons and it was good but the spice level was low, not really very spicy.

For dessert, we had ordered 5 different kinds of snow ice and they brought each flavor to us one at a time which we then spooned into our dishes.  

Going with a group like this was perfect!  We got a chance to taste a lot of food.  Going alone or with another person would limit what you could try because the portions are large.  

Service was very good and the owners of the small restaurant were very accommodating.  Having Tony T. there was a big plus because he could explain some of the dishes to us and his conversant Chinese helped with the ordering process.

I'll be returning.  I have to have my own order of salt and pepper chicken.
So really 3.5 stars for me....

The good:
1. Tasty braised pork and minced pork with a nice mix of veggies and pickled veggies.
2. Peanut snow ice with egg pudding was a surprisingly good combo. The fluffy snow ice is good....but not the best I've had.
3. Pork belly sandwich/bao (per friends) minus the sweet sour sauce inside.

The bad:
1. Poor organization....they had to come back to our table to tally dishes afterwards since they had a few items not on the menu and seemed to forget to bring some of our dishes...but we were a party of nine.
2.  Mango with a funny taste in the snow ice....I stopped eating after one piece and made note to the owner.
3. Portion size is too small for the minced pork rice....carnivores beware! If you like meat order the pork chop rice, much better value for your money.
4. Confusing menu with not enough explanation for us ABCers or illiterate Chinese.

The okay:
1. They brought out a new snow ice after I mentioned the funny mango taste.  I had asked for the mango snow minus the fresh mango but what came out was the peanut snow ice instead.....the lady working there is a little bit of a food nazi.  She also picked the replacement dish for my friend...well he sort of got bullied since she was rapidly speaking Mandarin and pointing and he didn't understand so he just ended up nodding his head....
2.  They brought out a sample of the sticky rice cupcake for my friend who was bullied since they finished cooking it later on in our meal...and that's what he originally ordered.

FYI - same owner as the old Noodle Pot a few stores down...they apparently sold that restaurant and opened this one.  The AC works but is not very strong....I think past reviews regarding no AC were not a personal choice by the owners but rather the AC was not working in the stores in the plaza since Mr. Sandwich had the same issue around that time.
It's surprisingly easy to overlook this small, unassuming cafe. When we arrived in the Chinatown Plaza, my friend and I looked around a few times and realized it was right in front of us! The Little Kitchen Cafe is in between Mr. Sandwich and Noodle Pot.

Upon walking in, you'll be greeted by friendly waiters who will ensure you're taken care of the whole time. Placing an order is as simple as marking a number next to the entrees you'd like! 

Their Taiwanese menu includes some appetizers such as wontons and crispy rolls or entrees like noodle soups. Each rice entree has a heaping pile of rice topped with minced pork with a side of greens, pickled veggies, and an overcooked soy sauce egg. My recommendations include the braised pork, Taiwanese sausage or the salt and pepper fried chicken.

The shaved snow is like a small avalanche of soft, layered ice cream and topped off with fruit and condensed milk. The fluffy texture is spot on, unlike the thick, gooey snow from other places. We created our own dessert and ordered a blueberry shaved snow with kiwi, condensed milk, and a pudding on top. Extra toppings are $0.50 each.

While the food is pretty standard, their shaved snow is one of the best you can find along Spring Mountain. You should bring some friends to help you dig through the mountains of food and dessert. At least, if you're up to sharing.
If you read my original review you may have read some humorous venting. I'm playing nice so I removed the first paragraph :)

Located in the main part of Chinatown, the same plaza as 99 Ranch Market but more to the center near Mother's Korean Grill. There isn't a big sign but if you're passing by you may run into an elderly Asian woman inviting you in. The service and entrees were good, I had no complaints. But you'll probably stop by mainly for their desserts. Their cold and very tasty shaved snow. Besides Frost Bites Shavery which is changing their name to SnowFlake Shavery!? this is probably the only other place in Vegas I'd highly recommend for shaved snow treats.  They have a bunch of combinations of flavors of shaved snow and toppings  I had the peanut with boba, matcha with red bean, mango with mango, blue berry with condense milk, taro with taro, and I think mango with mango love them all and more than some.  Their servings for shaved snow are big and inexpensive. Check out the pictures I know you want some now too.

I guess all 13 of us who wrote a review for this business listing don't know anything better.
Delicious traditional Taiwanese food very home style food awesome tasty food and great service the place to eat home style cooking you must try
I've been to this place 2 times already. The first time I went was last month and it was decent. Not good, but not bad. I decided to take my parents there and give this place another chance.. And I regret it! 
We ordered: 
Sticky rice cupcake- it was literally MICROWAVED for too long. Yes .. I said microwaved. The rice had became dry and crunchy! Gross.. 
Sesame noodles: it was okay, I've had better. 
Pork stew over rice: it was probably the only good thing we ordered.. 
Stinky tofu: they took 30min or more making it... Half the batch was freshly fried and half was old (they tried to re fry it to hide the oldness) 

Anyways, i wont be back...another disappointing Taiwanese place. I'll rather go to tea station..
Delicious!
This was a little place.  There were customers crowed around little tables.  They were located on Spring Mountain Rd/Arville St next to Mr Sandwich in Chinatown.

The waitress handed me a paper menu, like a sushi menu that you mark.  The menu was limited and didn't have descriptions of the food.  I wasn't really familiar with Taiwanese food.   They need a website, but have a Facebook page.

The waitress was very friendly, but I never saw her again until the bill came at the end of my meal.  I wanted a fork, but could never flag down a server.

I ordered the Won Ton Noodle.  It turned out to be a soup.  There were about 5 flavorful won tons topped with baby bok choy and scallions.  The noodles were chewy.  The broth was tasteless.  The jar of hot pepper sauce was almost empty and needed to be wiped down.

I won't be back.
As a Taiwanese native who came from Taiwan years ago, i think this place has a mediocre taste. The food looks good, the service wasn't bad, but the food doesn't have much flavor. My wife and I ordered Fried chicken with rice and "rou wan" . The "rou wan" only has a little bit of meat which is a bit of a rip off and the fried chicken was just an ok. The overall experience was a 2 out of 5. This place is not bad, but I wouldn't say it is outstanding. 
Also noticed that this place was also called Taiwan Deli on yelp!
This small little Taiwanese cafe is a hidden gem. I came here for the 2nd time yesterday after discovering it just a few weeks ago while walking around Chinatown Plaza one evening. Being Taiwanese, I found the food to be pretty good and authentic enough, although I have had better but it's certainly rare. The minced pork rice and fried chicken rice are tasty. You can also order the fried chicken separately as its own dish. 

The best part of coming here is the snow ice treats! Fluffy shaved ice covered with various fruit and other tasty toppings like milk or taro. Pricing is ok and considering that it's Vegas, probably reasonable. But if you're from areas with large concentrations of Chinese restaurants, you'll probably think the pricing is on the high side. Items average about $7 each for rice dishes, shaved ice, appetizers, etc.
Located in the Chinatown Plaza.  The strawberry-mango shaved snow just hit the spot!
Great food and experience! Such nice people and service was great! Small and friendly Lil place good for a date or even a family. The pork belly was delicious and the soups are very unique. To top it off, mango shaved ice!!!
being a native taiwanese, this place is by far the best in china town and has the best and most authentic cuisine from taiwan one can find in vegas.
For those looking for a bit of Taiwanese taste in Vegas, especially southern Taiwanese flavor (Tainan, Kaohsiung area), this is a great place to find it. As the name suggests, the place isn't about big and fancy. It is more about home cooking or comfort food, Taiwanese comfort food, to be exact. I really enjoyed it.  Too bad I was too full.  Otherwise the shaved ice looked pretty good. Definitely something you won't find anywhere on The Stripe. I will return again. I highly recommend it.
My wife said the pork mince rice is the best one she had in her life , she ate this dish in hundreds of places  !! Also The sour and spicy soup is better than I expected ! Thank you everyone in this little kitchen ! Really good food.
Honestly all I have ever had here is the shaved ice. But it is really good. I get the tradition brown sugar syrup kind. There are a lot od different toppings to choose from. But my favorite one here arw the taro balls they are kinda like taro flavored mochi. Super good. 

Service here is also pretty good. The staff is friendly and helpful.
Authentic Taiwanese food. Highly recommend bringing someone that at least speaks Chinese or Taiwanese with you. :)
I came here for lunch as I heard it's a great place to grab a quick bite.  The place was crowded but lucky they had a table for me very quickly. I ordered two items on the menu which were the famous intestine food and the Chinese meat ball.  The Intestine soup came quickly.  The meatball I guess was just taking awhile. So, I sat there.. Waiting.  Waiting. The lady who seemed like she owned the place came by twice to see if I got mine and she yelled to the back.. About the meatball.  Nope. Saw a new table get seated next to me ten minutes later.  They ordered something. Then saw one of the staff member bring over their meatball. I was really annoyed at that.  
Finally I just asked for the check.  Then the lady came by and said "so you want me to wrap it up for you to go?"  

No. I do not want you to wrap it up for me to go!  You forgot about my dish. She didn't offer any compensation.  No discount for forgetting. Horrible especially when you over look a dish and I only had two. And then you try to sell me to take it home after 25 min sitting and waiting. I had already finished my first dish a while ago and I just sat there. 

Then she told me(in Chinese), well you can come by next time to order that dish. You can pay for it then!  We just saved you some money today!"

No. I will not be back to order your meatball lady.
The food is worth the drive...definitely better then most  Asian food you find on the strip, the owner is nice and she helps you with the menu and points out there special dishes...the shaved ice was one of the best  I've had in awhile..if your in Vegas and have a car you need to check them out...check out my pictures
This cozy family owned venue gives u an authentic insight of everyday Taiwanese cuisine. I spent a lovely summer in Taiwan and I was longing for refreshing winter-melon tea while having hot wonton soup. I also had the red bean shaved ice. I really liked the decor of this place, it's tiny with an open kitchen so you can see what they're making. The ordering process is self service in the sense you mark what you want on a paper and just hand it to the server. All in all great flavors, service wasn't that great because it was busy but it's still worth the trip!
Large portions. I had the wonton soup. I had 1/2 left over. They even gave me extra soup to fill up my togo container. LOW price. $8  Small restaurant with only 5 tables/booths. Only con was it took while to refill my water.
I live in NJ, but visit Vegas often to see family.  The Little Kitchen Cafe is convenient to the airport, so after I land I always stop in and get a bite to eat.  I love this place.  

I used to live in Taiwan for two years and the food here is as I remembered it in Taiwan.  We usually order the 'salt & pepper chicken' and the pork chop.  I love their shaved ice as well.  I think anything on their menu will be good.  Have also had the won ton soup which was really good.

Living in NJ there are plenty of good restaurants and I also frequent Flushing, NY where the restaurans are also very good.  However, I think this is my favorite place.  

The owner is very nice and makes you feel welcome.  She is very busy since the restaurant always has quite a few customers.  

Can't wait to go back to visit family so I can stop in and have some more great food.
mango snow ice with pudding  are really sweet but good. strong recommend!
Awesome traditional Taiwanese delicacies!  The soft tofu dessert () is one of the best I've tasted, and I'm from L.A. The pork intestine thin noodle soup is also great.  They marinated the intestine and that just shows they really do follow the tradition.  Highly recommended!
Excellent shave ice! Thin and melts in your mouth like snow!
I have be in vegas almost every month,  from LA this is a traditional taiwanese food,  everything taste so much Better especially pork chop and noodles , 

Recommand pork chop rice Or noddles 

Wontonsoup , shave Ice,  drinks , 


Very clean fast family restaurant , and the price is so much cheaper than others at that plaza 


Good place to eat , food Comes Out very fast with quality  , go give it a try , freshly made food taiwanese food !!!
This is the best  place to go great  customer service & great family experience  would definitely come back
3 stars for flavor .. total damage was $15 for two items, which is kinda pricey for Taiwanese food compared to San Gabriel Valley.

One of the few foods I ate while on my excursion to Vegas needed to be good. I love Taiwanese food, so why not? I got two things, the chili oil wontons, and stinky tofu.

Chili oil wontons - these tasted all right. They weren't as flavorful and oily as A&J Restaurant (Irvine, CA), but they were okaay. It tasted very fresh, and the flavors were bright, but nothing really stood out for me on this. The oil itself wasn't spicy at all really and didn't really stick to the wontons themselves. It was more of a dipping sauce I guess.. 

Stinky tofu - This is probably best shareable. Compared to that one place in Rowland Heights (can't remember, sorry), the stinky factor isn't totally pungent. It had the stinky element yes, but it wasn't bad. These I enjoyed more than the wontons I think. The tofu however, when you bite in, seemed to have more holes in it than actual tofu. Wha?

The service is kinda whatever. The guy got my order wrong and almost gave me something that I didn't order, and insisted that I had ordered it. They never really checked up on me but that's cool, it's not like I need someone to talk to during my meal lol

$15 for two things that were okay makes me an ehh panda.
Good Taiwanese shave ice. Their toppings are similar to the ones I've had in Taiwan. I didn't get to try some of my favorites because they were out of a lot that I wanted. But it was still really good and exactly what we needed because its so damn hot here! The price is average. Not the cheapest but you won't go broke eating here. Really small shop and uncomfortable seats so don't go there with a big group. The staff is friendly and attentive. I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas again.
I can say this is one of the best Taiwanese place in Vegas. Nice lady with friendly service. Food is authentic, comparable to the ones in LA. Great Taiwanese gem in Vegas !
Went there yesterday evening for an early dinner with some co-workers, we ordered Taiwanese Sausage, Oyster Omelet, and Stinky Tofu with Garlic Kimchi for starter.  All these dishes are traditional Taiwanese dishes.  We didn't order any soup because it was very hot outside and the soup is not going to help us cool it down.

We also tried the Signature Crispy-Fried Tofu under the Chef's Specialies menu as well as the dim sum type dish, like the Beef Bing, a Chinese type of flat bread.  And also the Pan-Fried Jumbo Dumplings with Chinese Chives and dried tofu stuffed inside Chinese flat bread.  We ended the dinner with a cup of plum juice to wash down all the fat and oil we consumed.

I would suggest you ask the waitress to see what's good and what's not if you have never had Chinese food before.  Good luck!
Henry's Taiwan is a new Taiwanese restaurant on the South east corner of Mill and Southern. Heard about it through word of mouth from a friend who said his parents really liked the place. 

My friends and I got the fried tofu, garlic eggplant, 3 cup chicken, kung pao chicken, and sausage appetizer. Everything was delicious and pretty authentic, but I think the best dish was the fried tofu! Unfortunately there is sum ting wong with this restaurant... They charge $1 for every bowl of rice!! It was also $10-15 for 5 dishes split between 4 people.
pretty good taiwan food, much much much better than the one near mekong Plaza, strongly recommend the fresh fruit smoothie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  taste really fresh with no artificial taste.
Another Taiwanese restaurant in the Phoenix area! That brings our total here up to... 2 :) It's the real deal here folks, with a good selection of common Taiwanese dishes to choose from, in addition to desserts, sodas, and smoothies.

I entered the restaurant and noticed a strange smelling funk when I walked in. Maybe it was the stinky tofu? Anyways, we were seated at a booth and browsed through the menu. The interior is basic, but nice, with sunny yellow colors and a TV playing in the corner (They were playing Shaolin Soccer when we were here).

We started with the Taiwanese sausage. It was excellent, with tender pork, a slightly sweet flavor with a hint of spice. It's some of the best Chinese/Taiwanese style sausage I've had in years. It was served with some sliced pieces of raw garlic that accented the sausage well when eaten together.

We shared the three-cup chicken and the Taiwanese rice noodle/vermicelli for our entrees. The three-cup chicken was delicious. It had chunks of dark meat, bone-in chicken marinated in a deep, robust sweetened soy-sauce broth. The vermicelli was perfect. The delicate rice noodles had a hint of smokiness, and a generous serving of soy-sauce marinated meat was piled on top. The vermicelli tasted very similar to how my mom used to make it at home. Ah the memories!

Service was good, and the owner would stop by to check in on us. Our main waitress spoke both English and Chinese (Mandarin), but another person bringing out our food seemed to know only Mandarin.

Aside from your cans of American sodas, they have sodas you would find commonly in Taiwan, like Apple Sidra and Hey-Song sasparilla. They also serve up fresh fruit smoothies, which I would love to try one of these days.

Overall, a very tasty experience that brings back memories of home-style Taiwanese food. I can't wait to go again!
I tried beef noodle soup, which is a classic Taiwaness dish. The blend of the soup is perfect. Only wish there is a little bit more meat. 

Decor is kind of unfinished. However, who cares decor when there is good food.

Cannot wait to come back to try every single dish on the menu.
We called to make a reservation for 15.  The person on the other line kept telling us to-go or something else.  There was definitely a communication barrier.  There is no name/sign on the top of the restaurant, but it is posted on the window which can be hard to find.  It is next to a liquor store.    

I ordered streamed dumplings and meat pies.  The menu did indicate it will take as least 15 minutes to make.  The Waitress said 20 minutes, 15-20 fine.  I wasn't expected over 45 minutes for one.  Was it worth the wait, absolutely not!  Service seems to be disorganized.  I asked one of the Waitress about my order, she replied did I place your order?  What, can you just go check?  I must say that the knife noodle pan fried with chicken is excellent.  This chicken was perfectly marinaded, well flavored, crunchy.  The noodle was good, but still have to wait awhile to get the dish.  The chicken fried rice was just ok.  

They are still new. I am going to wait for them to workout some of the kinks before returning.  Maybe next time taking it to-go would be the better option, it might be quicker!
This new restaurant just did it for us.  The food was great and the service was very friendly! We were seated right away and we ordered the Beef Noodle Soup, 3 Cup Chicken and Taiwanese Sausage for appetizer.  All of the food came very quickly.  The sausage was wonderful, sweet, tender and the garlic complement it well.  The 3 cup chicken was far superior than the one served at Taiwan Express.  I can tell that the chicken was marinated first before being fried and then put in those yummy sauce.  The only bad thing about this was, they charged for a bowl of rice because it does not come with the chicken.  It is not expensive, but since the chicken has to be eaten with rice, why not include the price of rice into the dish and add $1 to it?  This has always been a pet peeve of mine for any Chinese or Asian restaurant that does not include any rice whatsoever.

The beef noodle soup was also delicious with rich broth and tender flavorful beef.  If I have to nit pick, the noodle may be a tad too big for the noodle soup, but really this one is also much better than the one served at Taiwan Express.  I always  We are very satisfied with our food and can't wait to try other stuffs on the menu.

Also, kudos to the waitress that helped us enjoy our early dinner.  We were having our dinner with our 9 month old baby who was seated in the high chair and toward the end of the dinner, our baby started to squirm a little bit. The very attentive and nice waitress came and started to play and coo with our baby and that calmed him down immediately.   We really appreciate those kind of above and beyond service and we of course tip accordingly. We'll surely be back for more delicious food and great service
This place is pretty good... Been to tons of Taiwanese places back in Orange County. The service is fast and they are really nice. Only been here once before this the young waitress remembered me! I like it when I'm remembered especially when I didn't do anything to justify remembering me.  I want to try some more dishes soon
To start off, this is what I'd expect to find with a hole in the wall restaurant.  The food is ethic and traditional.  Service, seating and decor are casual with the food taking the show.  The dishes are college kid priced :) and its a good selection of noodle dishes with some really unique selections.  Definitely an ideal group setting but be prepared to wait.  Good food with cheap prices take time...I'll definitely be back!!!
The food is above average but the service is not the best. There isn't an assigned server just random people coming up to you. They are nice but they all seemed really busy running credit cards batches and taking care of the business side that they never came back to check on me or give me more water. I'd come back but expect more of a fast food feel to the service.
Probably for the moment, the best overall TW place in town. Its been so long we had to go without a semi-decent TW place.

They have a very nice menu and list of items.  From your typical beef noodles, to oyster omelette to rice rolls.  They have them here.  Also they have got stinky Tofu.  yes stinky tofu :)  Smells horrible but taste so good :)

Food overall is good, but U cannot compare this with Taiwan standard.  especially if you have friends who just came from TW, this will not be good enough to register as TW food.  but comparing this to what we have here in the valley, with the few TW places around, this place does a great job.

The service was brisk and they will try to bring you the orders quickly.  The location is a little hard to spot.  Just remember on the Southeast corner of Mill and Southern.  Look for the O'Reily's autopart store and its just directly east of it (away from the intersection).  Look for the restaurant with the big windows and people sitting in booth.
Been here for few times since they open, and love the food and people! Recommend for everybody. They are doing delivery now, which is a plus for students in ASU.  Love their sticky rice roll, pork steak with rice, kong pao chk and much more~~Since it is so close to my work and home, I'm eating there almost everyday now, and haven't get tired of it yet. You can also request dishes that's not on the menu! Love it!
First time trying. We ordered take out.  Did not receive any items ordered . No take out menus  ordered from yelp.  No one spoke English.  They were extremely rude to the point of embarrassed.  So we took and paid what we did not order.  Food was fishy and not good only the rice.  Don t recommend.
I'm Taiwanese and to say the least, probably one of the more accurate TW food in the valley thus far.

I've always been on a hunt for decent beef noodle soup in AZ and today I might have found one. The broth was similar to Sichuan beef noodle soup (which I liked because of the slight spiciness and the taste of chili bean sauce). They probably also added star anise () in there so it tasted more like simmered beef but tasty. The beef chunks were a little bit thin in size, but were tender. However, the noodles, although were widened (which I preferred), were a little overcooked. It was kinda soggy. This was my first time eating here so I do not know if they consistently cook this way, but I would just buy it to go and buy noodles at MeKong plaza and cook myself some decent noodles to eat with its decent beef broth. Overall, pretty impressed with the broth.

My friends had pork chop rice plate and Tainan DanZai noodles. The pork chop  was decent looking and came in good portion (compare to Taiwan food express). DanZai noodles was small in portion and tasted a little bland (though that's how it should be).

I would say their food is not perfect to the standard of authentic Taiwanese food, but it's definitely your go-to place if you are craving for some Taiwanese food. There are typical Taiwanese small dishes () also.


It's worth a try if you haven't had Taiwanese food for a long time being in the desert.
Just went to this place for lunch with my husband, food was alright but service was bad. The server never came back to offer a box and check on us. Bad service was expected at asian place but some review said service was good, well not good for us. Food is over priced compare to Taiwan Food Express as well, I'd rather drive a bit further to Taiwan Food Express to get better service and not get over charged.  Rice was dry and old, how the heck does a Chinese place mess up rice? I don't get it!  Very disappointed and will not return.
As a Taiwanese myself, I agree with most fellow yelpers. This is definitely by far the best Taiwanese food in the valley. Taiwan Food Express has more items, but overall quality, I will vote for Henry's Taiwan.

I have only gotten Mango Smoothie and you can tell it was freshly made without any syrup. Nice and refreshing.

I enjoyed both the beef noodle soup and the black pepper chicken tenders. I eat them almost every other day for dinner. Good for my belly, not good for my weight though. HAHA...

Also had the chance to try their pan-fried hum bow, it was definitely freshly made. You can taste the sweetness of the pork. Will have to try the other dim sums on the menu.

Not too sure about the sauce used for the oyster omelet, there is peanut butter in there, which I am not used to. Maybe will decide after a couple more tries.

LOVE the fact that they deliver now~ Hope they are here to stay and open up a few more locations around the valley.
We came here for dinner and really enjoyed the food and also the chance to talk to the owner and get advice on ordering.  We tried the noodles, lamb chops, dumplings and eggplant and they were all good!  We also had the sausage appetizer which comes with raw garlic cloves and is great.  Nice to see a new place in this area.
I wanted to like this place so badly, and I was actually thinking of giving it a second chance before writing this review. But the more I thought about it, the more I realized that I do not want to come here again.

First of all, I've never eaten Taiwanese food before and I didn't really know what to order off their very extensive menu.  The first waitress couldn't help us bc she didn't speak English.  The second waitress was just generally unhlepful in making recommendations or explaining what the different dishes were.

We ended up ordered a squid and vegetable dish and a kung pao chicken dish.  They took SOOOOO long to come out!  After 20 minutes of waiting we find out that there is a problem with the rice cooker sothat's why everything is taking so long.  Finally, after 30+ minutes the squid dish comes out.  The "vegetables" in the dish were JUST cabbage.  And the squid was just the frozen, pre-cut kind that you can buy at the store.

The kung pao chicken was slightly better and in a very flavorful, savory sauce.  But the rice was still soggy when it came out, even though it took 45 minutes for us to get it.

so yeah, I wanted to like this place and I always root for independent small business owners, but this place was just not good enough to warrant a second visit.
This place is pretty good. I was a little nervous because it was brand new when I first went but everything was so good that I ended up coming back two more times over the next two weeks. The service is so-so, yes not everyone speaks English without an accent but I think that is probably a good sign when it comes to eating at a place like this. The owner (I think he's the owner anyway) is super nice and pretty funny. The food came out quickly for us and the fried red bean buns were sooooooo good. 

Try the eggplant with garlic sauce- it's really delicious. I also get the watermelon smoothie which is really refreshing and good. The restaurant is kind of tiny and it's usually pretty full. 

Everything is also really well priced. They give pretty good suggestions and all my friends who eat a lot of authentic Chinese/Taiwanese food loved it! Said it was the best in the valley.
The best Taiwanese restaurant in town period!

They handmade the noodle in the house. The beef noodle soup is huge!! The price really reasonable(cheaper than I though).
The beef noodle soup is delicious! The 3 cup chicken is not bad too... They are having a promotion with free watermelon smoothie which tastes great.. I ordered a taro slush and it was fantastic... Will definitely be back again
There was no sign on top of the building like all the other stores but there is sign posted in the window of the restaurant.  If I did not call to find their location, we would have miss it.  

Ok, so the 3 of us ordered a ton of food:
Big dumplings - Ok very doughy
Boiled dumplings - Good
Pot stickers  - Good
Beef cakes - Where is the beef?  Mostly dough
Fried Tofu - GREAT!  The sauce is so good.
Chicken with hand shaved noodles - Fried chicken was good, hand shaved noodles were too thick and some not fully cooked
Fried pork with "stuff" over rice - I only tasted the pork, it was good

The service was ok.  But after the meal for 4 to 5 hours laters, we were constantly so thirsty.  I drank 6 bottles of water.  Maybe too much MSG?
Food 4/5 tried beef noodle and 3 cup chicken.. pretty good and authentic
Service 4/5 
Wait time 3/5 can be better. Waited 20 mins for my food to be served with 2 tables of customer.
Price 4/5 affordable 
Overall 4/5 def will be back again
This place is excellent!

I have been searching for a great takeout place in the Tempe area for a while now and I believe I have found it! After browsing through yelp I discovered Henry's and checked out their website. Turns out that this restaurant and I both hail from the same city. Seattle! Henry's Taiwan Kitchen just recently opened their first location outside of the Northwest and it couldn't be in a more perfect place for me! Naturally once I knew this I felt inclined to try it out and I have to say that I am quite happy that I did!

Let me first say that they folks running the location are incredibly friendly. I asked for recommendations because I always like to eat what the restaurant takes pride in. Once they found out that I was from Seattle as well they were ecstatic, even providing me with a free Watermelon Smoothie while I waited for my to-go order.

The man behind the counter suggested the Beef-Bing but an older gentleman in a chef's hat claimed that their Potstickers were the best I'd ever eat! I decided to take his advice and go with the Potstickers. They were good and rather crispy on the bottom but maybe not "the best". They insisted that I try the Beef Noodle Soup if ordering just for one. Admittedly I had never tried the dish before but it was absolutely delicious! Generous amounts of meat and noodles populated the incredibly flavorful broth. 

Since I was ordering only for myself there were plenty of leftovers too! I encourage anybody who enjoys Taiwanese cuisine to give Henry's a try. I intend to make myself known as a regular here among the staff!
Now this is a Taiwan/Chinese restaurant. The only negative thing is the smell of the "stinky tofu." If someone orders it, it is very off-putting. But heck, I don't know of another restaurant in Phoenix that serves it. Side note: I still will not try/eat stinky tofu. 

The food here is really tasty. During lunch time, you can order 4 "plates" but only have to pay for 3. I think it is between 11am - 2pm. 

I didn't really think it was too pricey. My friend and I ordered: Beef Tendon in Chili Oil Sauce, Beef Bing, Lion's Head Meatballs Over Rice, & Signature Crispy -Fried tofu. 

Beef Tendon in Chili Oil - Very tasty, reminded me of my mom's home cooking. 

Beef Bing - very disappointing, at least for me. It is simply a steamed beef dumpling. 

Lion's Head Meatball's Over Rice - this was wonderful. It again reminded me of my mom's home cooking. And the sauce, I wanted to order more rice to just finish off the sauce. 

Signature Crispy-Fried tofu - This was good, but the tofu had no flavor. I understand that in general tofu really has no flavor, but I wanted it to blow me away. Still it was good, you would just need to add soy sauce or something. 

I all, I would come back here and I really want my parents to try this place. Of course they'll order the stinky tofu, so I will not be sitting with them.
I had the pleasure of filming their yelp commercial and Henry had me taste every dish he put in the spot. I was really blown away with the flavor, texture, taste. This place is amazing and the prices are resonable. I for sure will be taking my man back with me to experience this place. Seriously, the food was beyond good!!!
Love their taiwanese dishes. Their stinky tofu and beef noodle soup are incredible, better than Chinatown in Boston and downright authentic.
Excellent Taiwanese food! Everything was very delicious, fresh and fragrant! We had the fishball soup and squid with vegetables both were so good! The staff was very friendly even with it being super busy and even gave us a complimentary Watermelon juice andTaiwanese sausage appetizer! It very authentic and reminded me of the food I eat when I visit my family in Taiwan!
I ordered my food to go. All of the fried food were soggy. It might be ok if you eat them at the restaurant. The five cups chicken is ok, has an interesting taste, but it has a "very garlicky" smell; thus, I have decided not to bring the left over for my lunch. Not planning to go back there.
visiting from Southern California and was craving Taiwanese food. very good overall and service is excellent. got the ja jiang mian there and niu rou mian (beef noodle soup) to go. Both very good and don't make you feel heavy after eating it like some places. 

only reason it's 4/5 stars us because they don't have dan dan mian on the menu and couldn't make it when I asked for it. You gotta have dandan....even if it's secret menu status (like in n out)
This place was GREAT!

I happen to live right across the street from this place and always pass it walking across the lot to the gym. One lazy sunday upon awakening with a roaring stomach, no desire to cook, still tired and slightly hungover, I decided to give this palce a try for take out. Upon entering the place, I noticed most of the customers eating here were of asian decent, seeing asian patrons at an asian restaurant tells me the food is legit. I was greeted right away by a man at the counter(who I am assuming is the owner). I asked him what noodles does he recommend, I went with the pan fried shaven noodles. For a drink, he recommended I tried an asian apple soda(which was great, by the way). As i waited for my food, he brought me some water and also a sample of a taro smoothie, which was AWESOME! My food was ready pretty quickly. The noodles were pretty thick, pan fried to perfection, No need for any sauce at all, topped with a crispy breaded chicken, HUGE portions. Overall, I would definitely come back and recommend this place, the service is what ultimately had me give them 5 stars =)
i've been to the tempe location twice, the first time to sample the stinky tofu, the second out of convenience. given how polarizing stinky tofu is, i'm going to guess henry's stinky tofu wasn't authentic given how inoffensive it is to the nose. there's off-scent, but easily overcome. i also tried the black pepper chicken tenders and tainan danzai noodle soup, suggested by phoenix new times, which were decent.
They don't have a sign on top so look for signage in the window. The place is in the LA Fitness plaza. Tables were full throughout my lunchtime visit on a Sunday. Pretty solid food. We ordered the following:

Tendons in chili oil: Great texture and spicy chills. A little bit too oily, but it hit my tendon craving. FYI, tendon may look like, but  is NOT, fat. 
Stinky tofu: definitely not for the non-adventurous palate/nose. Smells kind of like you're at a farm...Nonetheless, I still ate my half of the dish without problems.
Xiao long bao (XLB, soup dumplings): A little too dry for my taste. Ask for a soup spoon to eat the traditional way with some vinegar and/or soy sauce. They should serve this with sliced ginger. 
3 cup chicken: Hearty, satisfying dish. Lots of chicken cooked down in a wonderful sauce reminiscent of home-cooked family meals. Only downside was the very bony chicken. 

We didn't order any noodle dishes but they looked quite tasty at neighboring tables. Prices looked reasonable on the menu but came out to just under $20/person with tax and tip. Maybe we were just hungry and ordered a lot? I will be back, maybe on a weekday lunch where they offer 4 dishes for the price of 3 (cheapest item comped).
Garlic eggplants were good, pork chops over rice were good too !
The stinky tofu was OK but I have had much better. It wasn't stinky enough and inside had the texture of a sponge The kimchi that came with the tofu was downright wimpy. 

I had a noodle dish that was way too oily. There was very little meat on it.

Service wasn't that friendly or helpful.

There are many other Chinese restaurants that offer better values and better food so I see no reason to recommend this one. Except for a few items this restaurant is ordinary Chinese food and bears little resemblance to real Taiwanese.
The waitstaff was really informative and passionate about their Taiwanese food.  They patiently and enthusiastically explained their favorite dishes on the menu  and explained the story behind them.

Portions are generous (well, maybe not the appetizers) and a good deal.  They cater to the nearby ASU students.

I liked the garlic eggplant, which is surpising because I usually hate eggplant dishes.  The Beef Noodle soup was also tasty and I would conside just ordering this and this only next time I go.  And there will be  a nex time.
Henry's Taiwan Kitchen is a nice addition to the the Tempe area. Been here a few times and will surely be back for more. It is hard to find these kind of flavors and so far they have been very tasty.

Inside is very casual with gold colored painted walls. Seating is comfortable with a TV available in the corner. Nice menu with a good selection of choices. Some items are Chinese while others have more of a Taiwanese influence.

Ordered the Chef's Beef Noodle Soup and the Oyster Omelet on my first visit. I had asked for extra spicy soup and was not disappointed. Next visit went with some Wontons in Chili Sauce and the famous Three Cup Chicken. They were both very delicious and put a smile on my face.

The Three Cup Chicken was so good that I will definitely be reproducing it at home. Would probably use boneless thighs instead of drumsticks. This would make it easier to eat and give you more meat per square inch. YUM!

Service is friendly and somewhat helpful. The younger female server seemed a bit new to the restaurant scene and kept pacing back and forth across the floor. Made me a bit nervous and sadly took my attention away from the food. No need to panic. Food brought me right back in the zone as soon as she stopped.

Located in the LA Fitness shopping center next to the drive thru liquor store. No signage on the building at the time of writing this review. This place has a lot of potential so give them a shout out. ENJOY!

4 STARS
Just came back from Taiwan a couple months ago and I've been craving for a good Taiwanese place to go.

Henry's Taiwan Kitchen is simple and authentic.

No fancy nonsense, just good food at a reasonable price.

Yay for Taiwanese food in Arizona!!
We gave Henry's a chance since the owner is very nice and he commented my review in a positive way. The food is actually not to my liking, but I like the dumpling. Try the dumplings when you go there. The food tasted too "garlicky" for me. The service was just so so.  I think the servers need to paymore attention to the customers; however, the owner was picking up the slack, so that was good. He needs to teach his servers so they can do a better job or just hire better servers.
Phenomenal Taiwanese cooking. Tastes closer to traditional home cooking than typical (and terrible) americanized Chinese food. The eggplant in garlic sauce will blow your mind, and the 3 cup chicken was the best version I've ever had.

Would like to see a slightly larger dim sum menu, but its much, much better than any dim sum place in AZ
I have been reading reviews about this place for a while and yesterday I was finally able to drag my better half with me to check it out. 

It was ok.  Gods I hate to say that when I am so freaking excited about trying someplace new!  But...it was just ok.

My fella got the pan fried, hand shaved noodles with shrimp.  I got the garlic sauce eggplant.  We split shortrib soup.

I LOVED the garlic eggplant!!  Holy moly!  Such an amazing flavor.  My fella kept going after mine :)  
     The garlic is perfect, there is the perfect amount of sauce, and ya just keep going back for more

Buuuttt...the hand shaved noodles?  Kinda sucky.  Maybe my palette is not refined enough?  Maybe thicker stickier noodles are the new "it thing"?  Just not sure. 
   Both my fella and I just didn't like 'em.  Just bland and plain gross

And sadly the soup wasn't too great either.  Very heavy on the cornstarch.

    But darn it!  I am NOT giving up!!!  I want to love this place!!!  The staff are so motivated and so genuinely nice!  They will describe any dish, tell you what is popular and their favorites.   

     I will be coming be back and I am excited to try other things on the menu
Love this place with all my heart.  If you are tired of the typical Asian cuisine, step outside of your comfort zone (sushi, pho and Thai) and give this place a shot.  Clean, great service and healthy food.
oh my. I just came from my first meal at this place and I can't believe how delicious everything was. I really was expecting run of the mill Chinese food (I didn't exactly know what Taiwanese food is like) but I got so much more. I ordered the hand shaved noodles, pan fried with mixed veggies and my beau got the 3-cup chicken. Holy crap! I think we might have ordered the two best dishes on the menu. With each bite my eyes would grow wide and I would hum a little to myself, it was that delicious.

The pan fried noodles were garlicky and delicious. The noodles were thick and chewy, exactly how I like them. It's like each noodle almost has the consistency of meat. It was yummy and filling. The veggies were bok choy, bean sprouts, carrots, and green onions. There was also egg.

The 3-cup chicken had the best flavor! It was a ginger/teriyaki (?) sauce and the chicken was cooked just right. Tender in the right places and crispy in the right places. I believe leaving the chicken on the bone also lent to the delicious flavor.

We ordered two taro drinks. My boyfriend got it prepared in the regular way with milk and I got mine made with soy milk (because I can't do dairy), both were lovely. The server didn't want to make it with soy because he didn't know how it would come out, but I insisted and it was great. We also had the red bean donut for desert. I missed the sesame outside, but the donut itself was warm and delicious and not too sweet.

I was very pleasantly surprised to find this place down the block from my house. It's a medium/small-sized restaurant with a good amount of tables, but I probably wouldn't bring a big group (6+) here on a weekend.

One small tip, don't sit at either of the 2 tables by the door in the winter. Every time the door would open I could feel the polar vortex chill my bones.
worse excuse for beef noodle soup.  just disappointing.
soup was off-flavor, nothing close to Taiwanese
noodles were soggy, 
meat was overcooked like you left it in the broth cooking for awhile
I live right down the street and am always looking for new places to grab take out on a busy evening. I found Henry's while perusing yelp one hungry evening. The reviews are pretty accurate this place is great. The egg drop soup was amazing. My roommate and split the garlic eggplant (huge chucks of garlic cloves) and Henrys hand shaved noodles with chicken, friend style (Chicken was great, lots of bean sprouts). Both were amazing. The food is oily but I mean its Asian so that's to be expected. Ive been there four times now to eat in or get take out and every time I am the only white person in there so it must be good! Normally Im not a fan of Chinese food but this is not your run of the mill place.
This is the next best thing to being in Taiwan.  The food is remarkably authentic and delicious.  I usually get the fried pork cutlet meal which includes rice, some pickled vegetables, bok choy, and a hard boiled egg.   It reminds me of the little bento lunches you get at Taiwanese train or bus stations.
Had some take out tonight to try it out out of curiosity. Had to give it 3 stars, woulda gave it 4 if it wasn't for their frustrating service. What got me more steamed than their dim sum was that when I called in the order they had a hard time understanding me. I had to order one item over 4 times. I speak English by the way, but them... Not so much. Then when I got there, it was a total cluster f--- with orders everywhere on the counter. Didn't even take my name when I ordered so they had to rummage thru the orders and they had to ask what I ordered. To my dismay my chicken in henrys stir fried noodles was not cooked thru. I had to call to tell them in which they said they would tell the chef. Luckily the other food, lions meatballs and crispy tofu was better than their English and service. But who goes to Chinese food joints for their service anyways right?
Like another reviewer, I'm glad to find a Chinese (Taiwanese) place that isn't run-of-the-mill (Even though this one's ON Mill; hurhurhur). You aren't gonna find deep-fried cream cheese wontons here, or other Americanized drivel; the food here is all wonderfully spiced and authentic enough for yank yokels like me.

I had the pepper spiced beef. It comes with a boiled fermented egg and some kind of fermented greenery. It's a large portion, and very tasty and satisfying.

The service here is great, too. They're eager to help and answer all of your questions about some of the less recognizable items on the menu. The prices are not sky-high, either.

A look at their website lets you know that they're really into their restaurant and its aesthetics, as it's very nicely built and modern. Anyway, check this place out.
All I can say is, if you see a review of an Asian restaurant by my fellow long-time yelper, Lester C., and he likes it, the place is most assuredly, worth checking out. All I can say is I concur with this assessment and this is one authentic Asian restaurant. It literally reminded me of eating at places back in Hong Kong.

I had the squid with Chinese Veggies (Bok Choy - e.g. Napa Cabbage), which was in a light oyster sauce with dried green peppers and a side of rice. Decent an the rice was nice and sticky, perfect when one is using chop sticks. If was just this though, I would have gone with three stars - the real star of the show, one might say the 4th star, was the house made dumplings in chil sauce (also made in house) - the menu says it is a 15 minutes for the dish and that is because, as far as I can tell, they don't make them till you order them - the dumpling skin was silky smooth and the dumplings burst with flavor when you eat them - a bowl of six is about $5 but that with rice is worth a light meal. I plan to try some other dishes but this will likely remain my favorite.

Oh, one other thing, my dining companion, who ordered the Kung Pau chicken (it is not like Panda Express but it was ordered by several people) comes with what I would call a tea egg - the shell is cracked all over and when you peel it dark salty broth comes out and the egg is mottled with the color of the broth - I might call this a soy egg more than a tea egg but it is delicious and a common street food snack, if I remember correctly, in many parts of Asia. All I know is, between the egg and the hand made dumplings, I'm definitely coming back for more. :-)
Waited forever !!! All the Togo orders were done and sit there for an hour! Our order came after two big tables came after us ( one hour later ) One whole family waited for long time then left ! No apologies or smiles! The food were not even taste good after long waited, missed, & came out the wrong orders! I'm so disappointed & upset !!!
Absolutely fantastic food! We had the Kung pao chicken and potstickers. Very delicious and extremely low priced!
How do I give less than one star?  Not sure.  If you are Asian and know Taiwanese or Chinese food, this is not the place to go.  Service is horrible and the owner of the place has an attitude.  Our food wasn't serve timely.  The main dishes came, finished, then appetizer still didn't show up.  Drinks are horrible.  Beef noodle soup was the worst I've had.  

Just don't come
I was hungry for dishes remind me of my childhood. So when I discovered HTK I wanted to try it the first chance I got. My hubby and I went about 6 weeks ago. We were fine with the restaurant's modest decor and so-so service. I ordered fermented fried stinky tofu, oyster omelet, preserved white radish omelet, rice and tea.
The stinky tofu had ok flavor, but they cut it too small, so there was not enough tender tofu in the center. The surface was crunchy which was good, but with so little soft tofu in the middle, it tasted too chewy. The radish omelet was pretty good, like how I remembered it. But the oyster omelet was not so great. It had too much starch and was not hot. Having oyster in the dish, this needs to be eaten hot. Luke warm or cold makes it not enjoyable.
This place holds the crown as the worst service in town. Their waiters are rude and definitely inexperienced. Besides, it took 30min for our foods and another 30min for the bills!! That's outrageous!

The dishes here are fine. Try the chef's beef noodle soap or 3 cup chicken. They are good flavor. But, the potion is so tiny. I ordered the honey mustard lamb chop. It turned out to be 2 small pieces of lamb chops. It's far from enough even for a girl.
This is the best place for Taiwanese food and snacks in Tempe. The service is great and the food is also phenomenal. There isn't a single thing on the menu that I've tried that has been bad. I can't stop coming back for more!
Food was not good.  Service was the worst.  Together, I rather eat at Burger King since it is in the same plaza.  Let's just go over service to not waste time.  We ordered an appetizer along with other dishes.  Finished our food, waited 10 mins to get a chance tell them that we wanted the bill and to tell them that one of our dishes never came, so it can be taken off the bill.  After another 10mins, the appetizer was out and owner Henry looked at us and said with a bad attitude, "you know we have to throw away the food if you don't want it, right?"   Still no check. 

Yes, I know.  In fact, I think we ALL know.  Did you know how long we waited for it?  Did you think I ordered it for fun?  

You know I ordered it because I want to eat it, right?  

Come on. Staff up.  Serve your food timely.  Make better food.  Just in case if you don't know.  I ordered it because I want to eat it and pay for it.
Kinda disappointed with the food here today. Very plain for Taiwanese food. Food used to be good here. What happened? Chef change because of the new location?
The food was great, but a lack of staff and proper attention meant that we had to wait a while for our order (15-20 minutes) to even be taken-- and realized only after others who'd come in after us asked for their orders to be taken and were taken care of, that we had to flag somebody down to come to our table. That took another five to ten minutes. We were surprised that plain white rice is not provided with dishes. We ordered more rice when our food came, but we did not receive the rice until after we'd finished the food already served-- a while later, and so we sent it back. We asked to share a bowl of soup but were never provided with separate bowls. Or multiple soup spoons. After our bill came, we found we were charged an additional $8 and had to straighten out the bill. The person at the register was apologetic, but I was so frustrated by our whole experience that I couldn't wait to leave and had to really remind myself that she was trying her best. The food is wonderful, but this restaurant needs to be more adequately staffed with better trained waiters and servers before I will even go back for takeout. They were so overwhelmed that I am not sure I'd get what I ordered even if I ordered takeout.
The service was great, the portions are very large, and everything was fresh and flavorful. I particularly loved the kung-pao chicken.
Unlike most normal people, the smell of stinky tofu actually had me happy and excited to try out their food. 

We ordered: house special/chef's best beef noodle soup, xiaolong baos, and pork chop rice. 
After growing up in Rowland Heights, I have some pretty high standards with Chinese food and this eatery delivered. 

The broth for the soup was really tasty, but unfortunately the meat and noodles didn't absorb the flavor entirely (probably due to the cooking method of just boiling the contents and then dumping them into the soup?). 
The xiaolong baos were awesome though...you get the explosion of the soup from the dumplings with your first bite. 

Even though the two of us both spoke chinese with the servers, it still didn't get us any better service, so yay, at least they're not racist. 
Just don't expect any water refills and you'll leave happy.
How much can you save by giving your take out customer only half bowl of rice? Do you have to be this stingy on rice? I mean how expensive is it?!
This place, before the other Henry's opened up in Mesa, was the only authentic-tasting Taiwanese place. If you are looking for Taiwanese food in the valley, Henry's is certainly the place to try out. Although they do not have a very extensive menu, the food is quite good. The stinky tofu, three cup chicken, eggplant, Taiwanese sausage are all items you should try.

With that said, the service (which many reviewers complain about), is in fact awful. I have been here a good amount of times now, and can only count one time  that I received some decent service. They appear to be understaffed all the time. The staff they do have are mostly ineffective. Many of the servers only speak Chinese and can't communicate in English. One time I was there, they had an English speaker, but unfortunately she did not speak any Chinese, moved slowly, and did not have knowledge of the menu. Also, the wait time is ridiculous; you have to wait to get the menu, wait to get waters, wait to order, wait for the food, wait to get your check, wait to get a box, wait to pay, and wait to get your credit card back. 

Need more water? You can forget about getting a refill or getting your server's attention! 

I don't understand this place; they have been around for some time now and still seem to not have their act together. The food is good, which is what brings me back, but they really need to focus on the service.
I have not been back but I might, because Henry the owner was gracious to leave a response to my feedback. In my mind if he has the sincerity to reach out to me, I should reciprocate by  giving them a second chance. I hope to try HTK again soon.
So, in going to this place a couple'a more times I'm gonna have to knock it down some stars. HERE'S WHY:

My first visit looks to be the anomaly of all the visits, where the food and service were both great. All other times I've gone, the same thing has happened: The service has been piss-poor, with the person taking our order acting like "meh." Especially annoying is that they bring out our plates one-at-a-time, so that one person is almost done by the time the other gets food. I see other tables getting plates inbetween ours, so this just makes no sense; work on one order at a time, geez.

The food is also kind of hit-or-miss: sometimes you get a tasty treat and sometimes it's just a bunch of really overcooked or impossible-to-chew fatty meat atop rice. For the price, I'd like some consistency (with that "consistency" being the tasty treat).

Anyway, pretty disappointed.
The food quality and quantity are going down. Not sure when I want to come back again.
Let me start by saying I've ordered from Henry's Taiwan many times, carry out and delivery. Their food is amazingly delicious! I absolutely love their hand shaved, pan fried noodles with chicken. They're so good, they're nearly addictive. I've had good experiences when I've ordered both delivery and carry out.

Things seem to be changing...

I had a horrible experience a few weeks ago. I understand that they are extremely busy at times, but they have been open for some time now. This should be manageable. I called and placed an order at 8:12. At 9:09, I called again because I had yet to receive my food. I was told I would be called back within 10 minutes. I didn't receive a call back, so I called again at 9:25 and was told that they were very busy and my food was on the way. At 9:43, the delivery driver called to verify my address. They had written it down wrong. I gave my address at least 3 times during the initial call.  After all of this...nearly 2 hours after having ordered my food.....my food was lukewarm. I was severely disappointed in this. The pot stickers were somewhat rubbery....definitely not the quality I have come to know from Henry's Taiwan. My order was also wrong. After calling the restaurant, I was pleasantly surprised that they offered to give me a full refund.

Tonight, I decided to give them another chance with ordering delivery. They're scheduled to close at 9, I called at 8:43. Granted, it was close to closing...but I'm a night owl and this is nothing new for me to order from them around this time. I was told it was too late, they wouldn't take my order. What a disappointment!

They're food is amazing, but their service (even after second chances) is severely lacking. If you advertise that you're open and you offer delivery, you should be prepared to take late orders, these things happen. Otherwise, update your hours. Hopefully they read through these reviews and make use of constructive criticism. It's a shame for a business to have such potential, but to let it go due to horrible service.
I thought the good was very good when it just opened. However, it seems like the food are reluctantly prepared and cooked nowadays. The service is very slow and seems like the servers there are inexperienced. Recently, I ordered  rice plate that comes with an unpeeled egg (that usually come with the rice entrees). So I asked the owner about it and he said if I want the egg to be peel then the price of the entrees would increase. And that additional increase would go into labor. I was confused because the eggs were peeled before and the price remains the same. So, since they are not peeled anymore, can I request for a lower price of the entree? I feel like the owner is making up an excuse since most of their entrees that come with eggs are not peeled anymore.

Oh by the way, the cups are not clean and I see stuff floating around in the water. So it forced me to order a drink from the menu. However, most of the drinks I tried to order are not available. So why are there options on the menu? There was no indications that some of the drinks are seasonal. 

There is no reason for me to return to this crappy place.
The food was.....  unique.  Nothing like I've ever had.  So; if you're adventurous,  you might enjoy.  

We went for dim sum. We've been to many dim sum locations. Usually there are many attentive service people offering choices of delicious items.

 After being seated with 2 menus ( for the 4 of us) we waited and waited for someone to take our order.   Finally; after placing our menus at the edge of the table and making eye contact with the waitress multiple times we finally had to say "OK we are ready to order". 

I noticed other people having the same troubles. 

Then, when we needed additional items, the girl who brought our food couldnt understand english. Salt and pepper was a chore to get. Sweet and low for mom was impossible to get.

I wont be back.
Our Wild Dining Meetup group of 10 had a wonderful dinner at Henry's. The place was clean and bright, the food wonderful, and we were delighted with Henry and the staff. Henry chose our food, all of which was delicious and genuine Taiwanese. We had: simmered bean curd with preserved egg, beef tendon in chili oil sauce (my fave), eggplant in garlic sauce with basil, potstickers (which we ate with red vineger), egg drop soup with seaweed and cucumber, cabbage in brown sauce, 3 cup chicken in garlic sauce, classic sauteed shrimp with chopped Persian cucumbers, celery, and sweet onions, and fried rice with Taiwanese sausage. And of course, stinky tofu, which offended no-one and was sampled by several in the group. I'll definitely return for seconds of several of these, plus try some others I spotted on the menu. If you're open to real Chinese food and new tastes, you must check out Henry's!
I organized a Wild Dining MeetUp group of 10 people to come eat here and see for ourselves, and taste real Taiwanese food.  Everyone loved the food! 

Henry was out of town but drove from LA to Tempe in the wee hours, just because he knew we were coming Tues night.  We let Henry pick what dishes we were going to experience.  He picked as appetizers simmered bean curd with preserved egg,  beef tendon in chili oil sauce (one of my 2 favorite dishes, the other  being eggplant in garlic sauce with basil), and potstickers, which we ate with red vinegar.  Soup was egg drop with seaweed and cucumber.  Dishes were 1. cabbage (in a brown sauce), 2.  Three cup chicken (Chinese eat dark meat only) 3.  Eggplant in garlic sauce, melts in you mouth  4.  Classic sauteed shrimp (with chopped Persian cucumbers, celery, and sweet onions)  4.  Fried rice with Taiwanese sausage.  The food came RIGHT AWAY, and the service was great, taking our empty dishes away from table, extra napkins when we needed them, water, red vinegar, stack of take-out boxes,  the check, we did not have to ask for anything, it was all done for us with perfect timing, and our waiter spoke good English!

Henry tried to talk us out of ordering the stinky tofu, but we still wanted to sample it.  He told us one customer bet Henry $10  he would like it.   He said he liked anything.   Well Henry won $10.  Another lady didn't like it, but asked for a take-out box for it.   Henry was so surprised she wanted to take it home.  I said "She wanted to give it to the dog!"   Henry said, "She said she was taking it home for her mother-in-law!"   I said , "THAT will keep her mother-in-law away!  Well,  I could smell it before they brought it to the table, when it was still in the kitchen!  I said "Stinky tofu is coming!   I can smell it!" Sure enough, here it came.  It smells like really bad foot odor , rotten fish, or "smegma".   It was crispy fried tofu, which was very boring inside as tofu is, but the sauce was really stinky.  The sauce gave the boring bland tofu memorable character!  I happen to love limburger cheese.  We discussed that none of us would probably order it again, but we were adventurous, and were glad we tried it the first time.  

When I got home with my takeout boxes, I was still obsessing how good the food was.  So I opened the take-out cartons and couldn't stop eating, even tho I was very full!  Crunching the Persian cucumbers and celery was so satisfying from that take-out box.  One woman in our group had been to China several times.  She said Henry's was way better than any authentic food she had on her China trips.  My relatives took me to their country clubs, where they thought the best Chinese food was, for me to sample on my first visit to Hong Kong.  I didn't think that food was any better than what Henry served us.  

I can't wait to go back to try more dishes!  I want to try the beef noodle soup.  And now I want to try Henry's Private Kitchen, his other restaurant, even though it cost more.  Some of our group already said they would join me.
Just had a wonderful experience at Henry's as part of a Meetup group. What a wonderful experience! We asked Henry to make up a "banquet" for us, and he certainly delivered.

My favorite dishes were the bean curd (cut in strips) with preserved egg, the cabbage (simple but so tasty!), and the eggplant - so garlicky, just the way I like it!. The egg drop soup is a classic, but a little different than how I've ever had it, and also very tasty. And yes, I tried the stinky tofu! It really doesn't smell that bad to me - maybe it's my sinuses - but I guess you could compare it to Limberger cheese. It has a sort of fried crust, with the soft bland tofu inside. 

The service was excellent (although perhaps because Henry was personally supervising), and the atmosphere is bright and very clean, with gold-painted walls.
It's a very small restaurant, so I wouldn't go on a weekend night, it must be a madhouse.

If I lived closer, this would become my "go-to" Chinese restaurant, but even with a nearly 45 minute drive away, I'm definitely coming back soon!
Our family first went Henry's kitchen 9 months ago, this place definitively delivered the most authentic Taiwanese cuisine in town upon new open. However, food quality and service deteriorates over time. And tonight was the worst experience ever. I ordered black pepper chicken as usual, service was slow :( amount was small :( taste was off :( and what really pissed me off is that, my plate was NOT prepared by a professional chef, instead it was a colleague student-like temp in charge of the entire kitchen... I will give them no more chance, period.
It's nice to have some variety in the Asian food availible in AZ. China is a big place, and the cooking is different in other regions influenced by French and Japanese colonization...and Buddhism. I was disappointed they didn't offer green onion or tarro cakes; but other than that there are a lot of the things you would find in Taiwan here. My favorite is the crispy tofu pillows ...if you haven't had them, you have not eaten tofu correctly yet. I like to have soy sauce with garlic to dip the crispy tofu in (the sauce they use is different tho...this is a suggestion for home).

For the meat lover try the tendon dishes...also excellent.  The quality of the food is great...Henry is a well known Seattle chef; I have no idea how we ripped him away from the beautiful northwest, but it's the best thing that happened to Tempe since the Cornish Pasty.

I would like a different ambience in the restaurant...its very informal and bright...but I think that's what makes it comfortable for the style of food. It's not really a date night spot, this is perhaps where you get take out to stay in with a movie, or a place to go relax after some outdoors activity (golf/park/mill ave festival, etc). I don't remember if they served alcohol, but this is not the place to drink or stay for a while.

They deliver; my roommate from Taiwan orders from there weekly, because he doesn't have a car and it's easier than cooking for himself (the ingredients are hard to find).
I strongly suggest this restaurant having a "what we don't offer today" menu, it could be very helpful when ordering, saves much time. Also if you come in their employee lunch time, be prepared to wait, they will keep you wait until they finish.
Have been here a few times now.  Each time I'm impressed by how fast the food comes out and how many people are enjoying themselves.  The place is small.  Not recommended for giant groups.  I'd stick to a group of four or at most six.  Four is perfect, enough to try a large variety of foods.  You can be as adventurous as you like.  They have fried stinky tofu covered in kimchee (pretty darn adventurous) to fried large intestine, (downright challenging).  For people who are more novices to the joys of Taiwanese style cuisine, try the shaved noodles.  Chewy, fat tender pieces of dough are stir fried with vegetables and your choice of protein.  I have a weakness for "three cup chicken".  I think it is equal parts of soy sauce, sugar and wine.  The chicken pieces come out a beautiful sticky brown, both crunchy and sweet.  It's positively addictive.  Depending on what you order, it can be a little spendy, the dishes are small and meant to be shared.  Think of it as Asian tapas or more filling dimsum.  Happy adventuring!
Tell u a tip about how to distinguish a good Chinese restaurant  or not. You just need to see how many Asian people are eating at the restaurant. The more Asian people the better the restaurant is. This place is the good one. Food flavor is just what Taiwanese food should be. I strongly recommend this place to people who want real Asian food.
Food is still ok here but the service was horrible. I don't care if your watching the World Cup bring me water, bring my appetizer before I finish my meal, and don't  bring me plain pot stickers with no sauces or sauce dishes cuz you are focused on a game your not even playing! Your business might do better if you brought in better employees and get rid of the tall guy with glasses who was rude and doesn't know the first thing about service.
First time here for me and my Taiwanese wife. The food was good. We shared 3-cup chicken, cold beef tendon w/ chili sauce, beef pies and stinky tofu. OK, she ate the stinky tofu. I tasted it once in Taiwan and that was enough for me. I have no complaints with the food although I am fairly sure that the 3-cup chicken was heated (or reheated) in a microwave. The sauce was really good, but like traditional Taiwanese cooking, the chicken was cut up into small pieces with bones in. I know that conveys "authentic" to some, but I don't want to have to work that hard and get my hands all messy with sauce to eat. Boneless chicken would just make this dish spectacular in my opinion. The service was typically efficient and not overly friendly and/or chatty. Food was relatively quick to come out and my wife did enjoy it as traditional Taiwanese. One other thing, and fairly common in Asian restaurants was the thermostat was reading 80-81 degrees. I don't want to sweat while I eat either. If we happen to be close by, we might return, but I don't think we would make a special trip to eat here again.
First time here today me and my husband, i don't like their Taiwanese traditional dishes and actually the price little higher compared with food quality.
Uber yum... You must try

Looked up "Taiwan" under restaurants in Yelp! craving some home-style cuisine. Found Henry's Taiwan Kitchen, loaded the fam, and off we went.  Average strip-mall location, but that's outweighed by great food.  

You can keep it affordable by ordering a sane number of dishes. We did not.  Eager to sample, I ordered way more than I should have.  On the positive, I had four cartons of food for lunch the day after.

Hot and Sour Soup? Superb and like my Ma's.  Authentic options?  Yup.  Our six year-old loved the dau jiang and dan bing (cold soybean milk + egg pancake stick), which is a traditional breakfast in Taiwan.  On the dim sum part of the menu, we had the boiled dumpling, fried dumplings, and stinky tofu.  All were very good, though we weren't as much a fan of the stinky tofu, which is served with kimchi and is missing the fermented sauce that my wife and I are used to. Not bad mind you, but not what we were looking for.

The Chef's Specialties were the best part of the menu.  The Three Cup Chicken and the Henry's Noodle's were truly superb.  I had forgotten this type of excellent garlic flavor and thick noodles and was reminiscing of time spent in Taiwan as a kid.  The ginger and chili pepper flavors of the Three Cup Chicken were equally memorable-- just be careful with the small bones with this cut of chicken.

Simply wonderful!  And next time, we'll try some hot pot/shabu shabu.  I want to see Henry's skill with that defining Taiwanese cuisine.
Excellent hot pot restaurant with generous portions. My wife and I love the Taiwanese popcorn chicken, Taiwanese pork hocks stew, deep fried stinky tofu, different varieties of drinks, and the 11 different varieties of hot pot  to choose from. The selection will have something for everyone. I will emphasize this point which no other restaurant in town as what this hot pot joint is offering: authentically Taiwanese.
.
Almost a FIVE. Nice selection of 11 different types of Hot Pots including one that is served with a 1 lb lobster ($19.95). Had the credit card machine been working last night, we would've tried it. We ordered the Pork & Clam pot, one pot with stinky tofu (name escapes me), and popcorn chicken. The broth from the Pork & Clam was our favorite. 

As for the popcorn chicken, I'd say it is so-so. Doesn't taste exactly like the one from Ay-Chung, other Taiwanese eateries in LA, or the food stands on the streets of Taipei.

One criticism I have is the lack of dipping sauces. Pot Tea only has 2: Sacha & Ponzu. Come on.....it's a hot pot place. You need more than 2 dipping sauces! Also, please provide chopped green onions and cilantro, too! On the other hand, they must be commended for offering minced pork over rice as one of your carb choices with no extra charge. Nice touch.

The one thing that is a FIVE is the service. The staff is very attentive and polite with them constantly checking on us.
Loved this place! Decor is nice and simple and so is the menu. 5 appetizers, about 10 different "pots" , about 6 or 8 types of tea and the desert of the day. I ordered the seafood pot, it had real crab, clams, mussels, scallops, shrimp and fish. The flavors were clean, you can taste every ingredient and know they are fresh and the broth was perfect... Pair that with steam rice topped with delicious minced pork and the highly addictive "milk tea", which in my opinion was better than Thai iced tea. Oh, and let's not forget the service which was outstanding! If anything, I think the employees try a little too hard, but that's understandable, since as a new business they want to make the best first impression. I was impressed. They got me. I'm a fan!
Took my lady friend here and was blown away with how good the food tasted. Ingredients for our hot pot dishes were fresh and portions were huge.  We got the chicken wings and stinky tofu for our appetizers...so authentic. Service staff were nice and friendly. Definitely coming back for 1 more stop before leaving town.
I love hot pot and this is the best one I have so far in CA and NV area. My family and I  feel this place is better than "boiling pot" in CA. the staff and the owners are great, surely will go back as a regular.
A friend told me about this place. Finally came over today to check it out. Everyone so friendly and warm. The pot was in the special made container. We ordered fried chicken, sticky fried tofu and spicy tofu pot. The pot was full of items and they got us both the stew pork rice and vermicelli noodle. The taste reminds me of Taiwan! Yes! We'll be back soon.
This spot just had a soft opening so my friends and I decided to check it out. It's in a nice location on Rainbow, right by Oyshi. We came in and were greeted immediately by the hostess. There was only one other table of guests in the restaurant, so they weren't very busy at all. Understandable since they're brand new. We were told their grand opening will be in May, so hopefully business will pick up for them. 

Let's get to the food. We ordered the sweet potato fries, popcorn chicken, and chicken wings to start with. Sweet potato fries were okay, not my favorite. The popcorn chicken and chicken wings were pretty amazing. Both were crispy and very flavorful, especially with the sweet chili sauce that it came with. For our hot pot, we ordered the rib eye, which was delicious. There were three of us there and it was enough for all of us. The cool part is that when you run out of broth, they'll refill your pot with fresh broth. And the pot is heated up the whole time it's at your table so it doesn't get cold. For dessert, we tried the cheesecake and the salted caramel ice cream. Both were pretty tasty separately, but together, they were amazing.

As far as service goes, the staff was great and attentive the entire time we were there. The owner, Wendy, was kind enough to stop by at our table and ask for our input on what we ate. We had a nice chat about their food and she was very sweet and recommended that we try the stinky tofu next time. Our server, Ariana, was awesome and friendly. The other servers that helped were also great. I'm looking forward to many more visits to this place!

Also... bring cash! The one and only downside was they were only taking cash at the time, which was understandable. We had cash, so it wasn't a huge inconvenience at the time. I'm assuming they'll start taking credit cards eventually, so hopefully they'll have that taken care of by the time they have their grand opening.
Woke up to a text from a friend yesterday telling me to go try this place and let him know how it is. And yesterday was so crazy windy the foodie fest shut down for the day so why not?

They've got a number of different hotpots to try. Between #1 and #2 I went with the seafood and tofu hotpot while my friend went with the other one. 

The last time I had hotpot was at boiling point in Cali and I was disappointed with mine. This had the right amount of napa cabbage for me not to get annoyed with. I felt like they weren't trying to take my money with mostly cabbage. It was a great combination of different seafood items and meat :D. Also had a piece of crab and two pieces of shrimp. 

Looking forward to other crazy random chilly days to try it out. Not that you have to since the AC feels like it's cranked up so it's pretty cold in there (for me since I get cold really easily). Definitely coming back soon to try the other pots. 

My server, Sae, was such a sweetheart. She's great, sociable, and such a sweetheart. She found things of interest to talk about that didn't make me feel like you're just trying to make small talk for the heck of it. She was genuine. 

It's not always credit card friendly so be prepared with cash just in case. Cash only the second time around, too. :(
After reading the reviews on this place, we were really looking forward to trying it out and having hot soup on a windy day. Unfortunately, we ended up being disappointed and leaving hungry. 

There were maybe around 3 or 4 other parties when we got there so we didn't expect to wait long. We ordered chicken wings and the Japanese Miso hot pot. It took at least 30 minutes for the order to come out and only after following up with one of the servers who later turned out to be the manager. All the wait staff were very nice and did apologize for the delay. The food came out shortly after and the chicken wings were okay but we were so hungry by then anything would have tasted good. The hotpot came out after and the serving looked good for the price. 

Our dining experience made a turn for the worse when I found a piece of wire in our soup and I brought it to Ariana, the server's attention. She apologized and told us that she would be right back. After waiting another 10-15 minutes, she came back and said the manager will take care of us but didn't really elaborate. At that point, we had waited almost an hour and only had chicken wings. Another server asked us if we were okay and we told her that another server was helping us. We waited another 10 minutes and finally followed up with Ariana again who then told us that the person who came over was actually the manager Kara and she would take care of our bill. I told her that we didn't even know that she was the manager since she didn't introduce herself, just thought she was another server.

I understand that the place is new and maybe they are not used to handling this type of situation. I appreciate that they took care of the bill but we hardly ate and left still feeling hungry. They could have offered to replace our order although I'm not sure how much longer we would have been willing to wait. Sad to say we won't be going back anytime soon.
Pot tea social house is not your typical Taiwanese hot pot/cuisine. It's way better,we had the popcorn chicken and the spicy beef hot pot good enough. To share for 2people.service was great,restaurant Was very clean and the owner bought us dessert #winning.come and check this gem in the southwest out.
We first visited Pot Tea on its soft opening and Wendy was very welcoming. She was even willing to give us a drink on the house. Good service is hard to find especially in Asian restaurants and Wendy left a great first impression. The second time we went in to eat for lunch. The staff was friendly and prompt when we needed anything. There was enough meat, seafood and veggies in my and my husbands pot. And the broth was just right. It reminded me of my mother in laws, which is delicious. Plus we got Jasmine green tea for free, since it was during lunch time. I have a bit of an addiction to tea and coffee lol, so I'm sure I'll be visiting more often just for the tea. Overall, I will be back with family because of the awesome service, great prices, and delicious food. It is worth checking out and eating at for sure!
Alright this place is good, but its not THAT good. I honestly think this place got high ratings because this is the best hot pot we have in Vegas.. which isn't saying much. So overall taste wise, Pot Tea gets a solid 3 stars which is a little harsh, but since I am Chinese, I do have high expectations for hot pot.  

Came a couple of days after their opening and they were still doing some minor construction work. No biggie. I got the spicy beef hot pot and friend got the spicy miso pot. I asked for super super extra spicy while the friend got the mild. My hot pot turned out to not be spicy at all.. while my friend's actually had a good kick to it. The hot pot came with a side of minced pork rice (or vermicelli or white rice). I loved how they filled the pot with lots of ingredients, beef, fish cake, corn, imitation crab etc so they definitely weren't lacking in ingredients. What they were lacking in was flavor of the broth. The broth was really really light.. barely any flavor. And sure you can dip the stuff in the sauces they provided you with on the side, but they only provided you with 2. No option for you to make your own so that's kind of a bummer. We also ordered a side of popcorn chicken which wasn't that good either.. I thought the popcorn chicken at Easy Life was better. 

So overall, if you're not familiar with Chinese hot pot, then give this place a try. If you've grown up eating hot pot all your life, best to save the $12 and eat hot pot at home.
I don't know if it's because I have a toddler who just got potty trained but the name did give me a few giggles.  This restaurant though is quite serious about it's casual but modern design and it's awesome food.  You enter into a large space that is bright, casual yet tasteful, a mixture of rustic wooden tables and benches with more industrial chairs.  Coupled with very warm and attentive service, this place is perfect for families and dates. Personally I am not a huge fan of shabu-shabu or hot pots, but this place has definitely converted me into a wanna-repeat customer.  (Thanks for bringing me here wifey!)

From 11am-2pm, you get free green or black tea with your lunch which you can have sweetened or unsweetened.  We had the Taiwanese popcorn chicken and my hubby, son and I LUVED it.  Popcorn chicken can be so boring and hard and chewy but these have a delicate crunch and light but savory seasoning and it comes with basil leaves.  Mmmmmm.  I ordered 2 plates and didn't get to take any home.  My friend ordered the chicken wings and I didn't feel like trying them coz it looked dry and they didn't care for it too much either, said there wasn't much flavor in the chicken itself so you can skip this.  

For the bowls, hubby had the Rib Eye and I had the Kimchi bowl.  Let's start off with my Kimchi bowl, when it was served in their adorable containers over a live fire, even with the mild spice level that broth was EXTREMELY spicy.  It was more manageable when I had the fire under my bowl put off but man, was I sweatin!  The broth was very tasty and I enjoyed the mix of meat, vegetables, seafood and pseudo-seafood elements in my bowl.  I had beef, shrimp, scallop, squid, mussel, clams... the works.  Add a few more meat toppings and 2 people can share this bowl with an extra cup of rice.  I definitely enjoyed both the filling and broth of my bowl much more than my husband's order, which I thought was quiet bland.  

However, they have this wonderful condiment pronounced "sha tsa" sauce which reminds me of a marriage between chili paste and bagoong (shrimp paste).  My friend said it's called Chinese barbecue sauce made with dried scallops.  It is very addicting and you can bump up the flavor of your hotpot to your liking.  

If you are into hotpots, sharing and clearing up a stuffy nose, definitely stop by this Pot Tea.  Teehee.  Seriously, they've got some good stuff!
This place is ok. It's a lot better that shitty booming pot mini pot spot. It's probably the best personal mini Hotpot in Vegas. They need a Boiling Point here already! Anyways the popcorn chicken is good. The personal pots are good sized lots of meats veggies and etc. The only downfall I hope the fix later on down the road is when you order a add on of meat or what ever for $3.50 is to actually give you what you paid for instead of 2 slices of rib eye... I'll add a photo of what I got which is pretty sad looking. Besides that they messed up on my wife's pot. She ordered a kimchi one and received a seafood one. Which wasn't that big of a deal and they was quick and prompt on fixing it.
Best first time experience! Everything was just beyond amazing :) Everyone just welcomes you right when you come in the store and the store itself is already cozy! 
Its different than any other Asian cuisine I have tried. Its my first time having a hot pot and I am glad I went here. Everyone should seriously try it!
Well, there are pots? Sort of - more like woks. They are hot. There is tea. Social house? I'm not sure.

You're going to experience your own "hot pot." If you've done hot pot before, you'd be sharing one giant one with everyone. Not here. You're generally in around $12 for your own hot pot. This includes a side (rice, rice with pork, or noodles). You can also pick how spicy you want it.  You'll be served a wooden sort of stove with a chemical fire keeping your pot of choice boiling. There are a few problems with this.

- These things take up a lot of your table in combination with your drink, a small extra bowl, and your small side.
- The above is an issue because... it's still boiling in the pot/wok! It's way too hot to just eat straight up so you need to use your extra small bowl. So when you move soup and ingredients into the small bowl it's hard to maneuver yourself far enough from the fire and pot and close enough to the tiny bowl safely.
- Because it's boiling hot and nobody had room to move food around to smaller bowls, everyone was blowing on their food. A lot. I, personally, got light headed. I have never worked so hard for my veggies.
- Because everything already comes boiling in the pot, things are going to be cooked at paces that will likely displease you. Some things are already overcooked. Some will just not cook at all. It's not at your own pace.

It's genuinely questionable to me if it's worth $12 for what you get and how much work you have to do. I think I just prefer a regular hot pot experience where you can cook things at your own pace, in your own way, and likely much cheaper per person. Maybe that's just my bias. Maybe you'll go and you'll find a personal bowl is better. I just didn't. I know I've just never seen food consumed so slowly.

Other items tried...

- Taiwanese fried chicken. Extremely heavy breading on bits of fatty chicken. Extremely, extremely salty.
- Sweet potato fries. Soggy, floppy fries.

All that aside, quality of ingredients is fine. The place is clean. It's one of few Taiwanese places around. So... support your local business and try it out? I don't know. I don't think I'd be back. There's just nothing compelling enough to return for.
Pot Tea opened recently and my friend and I decided to give them a try. We arrived around 7 on a Wednesday and the place was pretty packed. 

I went with the spicy beef hot pot and my fried ordered the lobster hot pot as well as a chicken wing appetizer. The wings came out first and they were tiny. They looked dry, but were surprisingly moist. They lacked any sort of flavor and definitely needed a little more seasoning or sauce. 

The hot pots came out and they were surprisingly large. I'm not well-versed in this cuisine but after my dining companion mentioned the lack of dipping sauces (they only offer two) it definitely felt lacking. More options would have helped quite a bit, I think. My spicy beef was actually quite spicy and flavorful. Opting for the vermicelli noodles over rice helped retain all the flavor from the broth. 

Despite the spiciness level being right on, nothing else about our meal was particularly memorable. Everything  was just ok. My friend seemed less than enthused with her lobster hot pot and said she regretted getting rice instead of vermicelli. 

The place is new, so I cut them some slack as far as service. They were busy and the severs seemed to be trying their best. Everyone was really nice, so I give them kudos for that.

Make sure you bring cash, since they are currently cash only.
This place was nice, the customer service was on point. I've only eaten Taiwanese hot pot twice, once here and the other time in California, i.e the famous Boiling Point.
For starters I like the black tea, but I think i should be a tad bit sweeter but its fine. For appetizers we ordered the popcorn chicken, I didn't like as much, the flavor was fine but the texture was crispy enough, some parts were still soggy and it kinda killed it for me.
The hot pot it self was good, but unlike Boiling point, they didnt have many sauces to choose from, they had your basic chili oil and ponzu. I LIKE VARIETY. but the flavor of the broth was still delicious, in fact I think it has better flavoring than Boiling Point.
Besides the disappointing popcorn chicken, I like this place and will be coming again :)
It's better than booming pot & noodle exchange.. But still can't beat Boiling point in LA. I ordered the stinky tofu hot pot... I Could not taste the stinky tofu?? 
I didn't like how they only serve 2 different dipping sauces with your hot pot... There should be a variety of sauces... It's a hot point joint. 
Plus side- lunch time.. Free black tea or jasmine green tea w your hot pot
The presentation was nice,  the staff was friendly, and the place seemed like a nice place to hang out. That's about it though. 

We ordered the Japanese miso and stinky tofu pots in medium spicy. The wait was a little long but they were busy so we didn't mind. Like I said, the presentation was nice but it fell flat flavor- wise. I at least expected the stinky tofu to be, well... stinky. 

I much prefer booming spot mini pot over this place.
Service was good... The food taste terrible, feels like the boiling pot in LA, but taste totally different. I ordered the spicy pot, the super spicy one, it's not spicy at all...disoppionted
This place was delicious! We went few weeks ago when they just barley opened so they were a bit on the new/slow side of customers service on the food, but the waitress were all wonderful and so kind. The food was a lot for one person (atleast I think so!) and I loved how they came around and asked if we needed to get "refill" or want more broth. I would definitely go back!
Food was great! All the servers were so kind. Their milk tea boba is pretty amazing. The broth was a little bland but i loved how they offer to refill your pot with broth when your running low
Bomb! Amazing customer service! My first time trying it and i loved it! Tried the pork and clam pot and it was yummy! Will be back for sure!!!
A great hang out spot on the southwest side of town! Very friendly n the food is tasty. Can't wait to go back!
Excellent service. My husband ordered spicy tofu & I ordered the beef pot. Delish flavors, plenty of veggies, meat and they refill the soup. Also ordered popcorn chicken appetizer crispy, lychee green tea tastes like fresh lychee. I definitely recommend this place!
I've dined at Pot Tea a few times now but probably won't be returning for a while. I had never had Taiwanese hot pot before dining here, so I can't tell you how it compares to others, but I found the food to be pretty good. I ordered the spicy beef pot on every visit and I think the broth is pretty tasty.

My problem with this place isn't the food - it's the service. The staff is very friendly but not attentive at all. I've been here when customer traffic has been at varying levels, and each time their attentiveness has been consistently low. On every occasion, once I received my food, not one server checked in to see if we needed anything else, refills, etc. Furthermore, the service is very slow. It's taken them an abnormally long time to serve us our good every time we've been here. 

Pot tea is still fairly new, so maybe they need more time to get their footing, but until then, I probably won't be back.
They have a variety of hot pot . We ordered the kim chi hot pot and the spicy beef hot pot , both were delicious . They were generous with the portion. Sae , our waitress had a beautiful smile and was very friendly . She explained the different hot pots . Overall a great experience .
Went there late on a Monday night, staff was very courteous. They offered to refill our pot with broth if we ran low, which was nice. Definitely get some appetizers and the side of minced pork over rice. One pot is enough to feed two people I'd say. Good experience overall. To answer someone else's comment from an earlier post, they do take credit card. However I did not see any sign on their door saying so.
My new obsession. Loved everything here.  

My fav so far: stinky tofu and kimchi pot
Very delicious! I love it! Service can be a bit faster but it's well worth it. They're very stingy with their minced pork rice lol but again it's still good.
Service was great. We signed in, picked a number, and shortly after we were seated. This place is great for big families/parties. The hot pot bowl portions are big enough for two people.  The only bummer was the lack of meat. I had to order extra ribeye due to the lack of meat in their bowls.  The popcorn chicken was full of flavor but very fatty at the same time.  I prefer the traditional hot pots where they serve raw meat and vegetables on a plate and you cook it in the broth though.
I was sad to see New Day Cafe gone, since it was one of my favorite breakfast joints. I was intrigued by Pot Tea Social House.  I finally tried this place for the first time, and wow...loved it!!!! Friendly and helpful staff. Refreshing fruit n milk teas, and good hearty "hot pot" soups!! Seafood, vegetarian, and beef varieties. One pot feeds two!! Very reasonable and nice decor.  Definitely will be back!!
This is the best hot pot place ever. The quality of the meat and vegetables are so fresh. You can tell the broth was made very well. The service is good and the servers are easy to talk to. They make sure you get everything you need and they were helpful when I ordered my food. My favorite thing about pot tea is that they refill your hot pot with more broth!! The hot pot portion looks small but it can easily make two people full and satisfied. My bf and I made the mistake of getting each a hotpot and we couldn't even finish half of it(and we eat a lot too). I wish I could give this restaurant more than 5 stars.
This restaurant is new, clean, and nice. The service is great. Our waitress took time to explain the menu and show us the size of pot. We didn't have any appetizer. I had spicy beef pot and hubby had seafood tofu pot. All hotpot's price are $11.99 (except one). Although the presentation is neat but the broth tasted very plain. Actually, no flavor at all. I hope they have some kind of fish sauce or salt on the table. Not very good!
Perfect place for Hot Pot, good atmosphere, fast / friendly service and great prices. If you come between the hours of 11am - 2pm get a free tea.
I was actually surprised on how good it was. I haven't had pot tea ever. This was my first time and I can say, I will be back!
This place is perfect for people that love hot foods. I liked the way it was cooked and the presentation was cute. The fire burned a little more than I would have wanted, but the problem was easily solved by the workers putting out the fire. 

I ordered the lobster hot pot in mild spice and it was really good. The lobster didn't have much flavoring inside, but it balanced well with the pork broth added. The lobster took up most of the space, but it is perfect for lobster lovers!

Next, I ordered the Japanese Miso pot in medium spice. It was tad bit spicy, but it was delicious. It becomes more spicy when it is boiling, so you can turn off the fire to make it less spicy. 

The service was nice and very friendly. I also got a stamp card! In addition, the pricing is good and on the cheap side. 

I would ask that they improve on the rice quality. Maybe a bit softer, I suggest. 

They have been open for three months now and I wish them much success in the future!
Friendly staff good services!
Food is good but it's very spicy. I recommend getting mild if it's not spicy enough they will bring you some more soup.
good neighborhood hotpot place.

one thing that sets this place apart from all the other hotpot places in the area is that it is a clean, arguably trendy place. this is probably the one and only hotpot place in the area where you can bring your gf on a "date." not a fancy date, but not a place with mismatched plates and bossy middle aged asian women giving you the stink eye.

pros: presentation of hot pot is good. flavor is decent. maybe the best boba in the neighborhood?

cons: service is a bit slow, which, i'm not sure why since all they serve is hotpot. shouldn't it be immediate? not the most flavorful. 

overall a good addition to the neighborhood. clean. decent. definitely coming back.
This opened not too long ago but I wanted to go ever since I saw the sign up. I finally got my chance!  I used to have Taiwanese food more often when I lived in CA. 

We started off with the fruit flavored green tea. I got passion fruit, hubby got strawberry. These were delicious!  Very sweet though. The flavor reminded me of Asian candy.  Like the bubblegum they sell at Sanrio. I had to pace myself since it was hot out!

We got the chicken wings and popcorn chicken. From the looks of the apps, I would've assumed I'd enjoy the popcorn chicken more, but I liked the wings way more.  Our 2-year-old are most of the wings. 

Hubby got rib eye hot pot and I got seafood hot pot.  I really liked it. I did feel I needed to add lots of sauce to get more flavor, but I appreciated that it wasn't too salty. It was boiling (as expected). I wish they had a way to blow out the fire underneath the pot before it burns out on its own. 

Our daughter ate all the fish and tofu out of my pot and loved it. 

I like the picnic style tables. They make it easier for my kid to fidget. 

I wish they sold beer and wine. Maybe I'm a lush, but i do enjoy a beverage with my dinner. I'm sure the license is pricey, so I'm not mad about it. 

Service was great. They even come around asking if you'd like more soup. We didn't need more, but it was a nice touch. Then service went a little downhill at the end.  I don't know if it's our luck, or if it's an off-strip Vegas restaurant thing, but we always seem to get held hostage waiting for our check. I hate having to ask for it. Bachi Burger is the worst with this, so Pot Tea didn't seem like such a bad wait. We sat there maybe 20 minutes (we've waited almost an hour to pay the bill at Bachi before so I guess this wasn't too bad). 

All in all, I'd go back. Especially when it starts getting cold out.
I'm a major pot lover...the hot pot kind! 

So when Pot Tea Social House popped up, I was super excited to check it out.  It took over the New Day Caf, so it was interesting to see what they did with this casual breakfast joint.  I was pleasantly surprised with how they changed the look and feel of the place.

The menu is very detailed, which makes it easy for those new to the hot pot world.  You know what you're getting upfront, so no random things in your soup show up.

The Husband and I chose to share one pot:

#9 Sour Pickled Mustard & Lamb Pot "Sliced Lamb, Sour Pickled Mustard, Daikon, Tofu, Carrot, Fish Ball, Fish Fillet, Lotus Root, Cuttlefish Ball" ($11.99) with the waiter-recommended Minced Pork Rice (other choices are Steamed Rice or Vermicelli).  When the hot pot arrived, it looked great!  However, as we dove further in, we noticed not too much pickled mustard in the soup.  What's the point of calling it Sour Pickled Mustard & Lamb Pot if there's not much of the main ingredient present?  The server came by to shut off the fire and didn't really hear me when I suggested lowering it instead.  (Or perhaps lowering it wasn't an option?)  As a result, our soup got cold quickly.  Therefore, you don't really want to drink the broth when you're done.  The accompanying Minced Pork Rice was a really small portion and it would cost $2 more for another bowl.  We chose the medium spice level, and it wasn't too spicy.  

We also ordered the Taiwanese Pork Hocks Stew ($5.99).  Biggest mistake ever.  They were the driest and toughest ham hocks I have ever had.  The term 'stew' is misleading because it's not tender at all! I could barely pull any edible bits off and I needed some major flossing when I was done attempting to extract some meat off those things.

Another appetizer we tried was their Fried Stinky Tofu ($5.99).  Average, not really stinky or memorable.  I should mention Sweet Potato Fries ($5.99) were also on the menu - totally random in my opinion.  And I looked around, and not many people finished their order of it.

Overall, Pot Tea Social House was an okay food experience.  I guess I would go back again if I was too lazy to drive down to Spring Mountain.

Side note: They do have a loyalty stamp card.  Buy 10 hot pots, get 1 free.
Food: We ordered the chicken, which was so yummy. Reminded me of Chinese crispy pork flavor for some reason. 
I had the Japanese miso (spicy level medium). I thought it was a good sized portion with a variety of vegetables some seafood and pork. I had also ordered an extra side of beef, which I thought was also a good sized portion. If you like spicy, I didn't think that the medium level was that spicy either. 
Drinks: I got plain black tea which I loved. And my boyfriend got lychee tea which was sweet and super good! 
We also got the strawberry tea, which wasn't that sweet but it was alright. I liked the lychee tea the best. 
Service:The service was just alright. We had came later in the night around 9, so the server we had was pretty preoccupied with sweeping the floors.  Other than that, everything was great! Would definitely come back again!!
First off, let me say, this is the real deal. I love Henry's Taiwan in Tempe, and when I heard about this opening up in Mesa by my home, I couldn't have been more excited. The food is great, the service is great, the atmosphere is great!

If you have been to the one he owns in Tempe, the menu is a bit different, but has over 200 different items. This location is a bit more upscale than the other one, but still very casual and fun. 

If you're new to Taiwanese food, I must note (Just as John's wonderful review did) that it's much different than Chinese food, but certainly not in a way where your taste buds will not be pleased.  The owner will make a great recommendation based on your preference if you're feeling unsure about what to get.  

Tonight was my first experience with this location. The food was absolutely delicious and the chef they hired is excellent. The owner could be the nicest man I have ever met in my 30 some-odd years. He provides great service, cares about what he does and has great staff working for him that all seem genuinely happy to be working there. 

I wish them nothing but success!
Most Newly Open Restaurants do open with a few hiccups and that is to be expected. Henry's Private Kitchen opened with a big menu of 200 items but you can't order any of unless you can read Mandarin Chinese. They do have a one page menu without descriptions of 38 items for Americans. Our host seemed very friendly and tried to be very helpful during our visit but only recommended dishes to us from the American Menu. I do note our host made the effort to ask me what I liked and might have actually suggested the dishes I might have enjoyed most. The host suggested a Korean Dish to me and a Thai Style Eggplant. I insisted I wanted to try Taiwanese Dishes and that's why I came here. So he then suggested the Three Cup Chicken and the Luffa.

First comes out the Luffa. The Luffa was very fresh and had a refreshing quality to it like a cucumber but a meatier texture in a silky chicken based sauce. We both were surprised on how good it was. I usually can eat with chop sticks but I wasn't advanced enough with chop sticks for luffa it just keep slipping out and the kind host offered me a fork.

Next comes out the Three Cup Chicken. It is called Three Cup Chicken because the recipe was based on one cup vinegar, one cup sugar and one cup soy sauce along with garlic and ginger and studded with that perfect amount of fresh Thai Basil (that you only get at BEST Thai places) it's a Classic Taiwanese Dish. I thought the Chicken was very flavorful and Moist and Good! I am good with Chicken on the bone but the pieces of as tasty as it was chicken were very small and not only was the dish filled with many small bones I had many sharp shards of bones all threw the chicken. 

I do think if the chicken was in slightly bigger pieces it would be fine but I also realize it would have to cook longer.

For me the food was good. Three stars is not negative in anyway but it means worth trying but with some reservations. I do also note again that this business has only been open a week offers something different and is certain to improve.

5 star potential is here.
I was very excited to hear that another "Henry's" opened up and was aware that this restaurant would be different/less casual from the Tempe location and would cater more toward families/larger groups. I get the concept, but unfortunately this place did not meet my expectations. I went with a friend, and we both had mixed feelings.

With a place like this, attempting to be more "upscale" and catering to Chinese families, they should really have some complimentary hot tea. Our server told us that they only serve iced tea and that it would cost money. I decided to just have water, which was served in a cheap plastic cup. The napkins, which I usually don't bring up in my yelp reviews, were really thin and low-quality.

The menu is certainly impressive, but it is very clear that they want to be exclusive. There are many items on the menu, but they are all in Chinese with no description or English. As a person who can read Chinese, I even found the menu to be overwhelming. Not only was it all in Chinese, but the text was very small, even for my relatively young eyes. They did have an English menu on the side with very limited choices. It was also unfortunate that our server, who was very friendly, did not have much knowledge of the menu to recommend things or describe how the dishes are prepared. If you do not read or speak Chinese, GOOD LUCK!

The food we ordered (Loofah, Eggplant, and Fish w/Tofu) was really quite good. This place is definitely the most authentic Taiwanese place in the Valley. So if you are looking for authentic Taiwanese food, this is it! However, you do need to come with time and some patience. The dishes came out ONE AT A TIME, with long gaps between each dish. My friend and I pretty much finished the first dish, intentionally leaving a bit, while we waited for our second dish to arrive. After the second dish, we had to wait again for our third dish.

I will certainly be back in a few weeks and hope they would have their act together by then.

(Dear Owner/Managers, I would highly, highly recommend that you redo your menu to include larger Chinese text and English (w/descriptions) + hire a staff who each have some degree of English proficiency; although one of the servers spoke English well, the others did not. In fact, one of them could not even speak a word of English!!)
Great food! The food is more about Taiwanese style. So, if you are looking for some Mainland food, it might not the best place. We order the three cups pig feet, stinky tofu, spicy boiling fish and spicy gizzards. All of them are very fresh. We love the gizzards a lot. But the spicy boiling fish is not spicy (we asked for extra spicy).

I'd like to try those boiling pots next time.
Henry's Private Kitchen is the pricier version of Henry's Kitchen. They serve some "fancier" dishes that usually have a bit of flare (not really street food).

I ordered the fried tofu with pepper and the minced pork rice bowl with my wife. The dishes were quite large and seriously tasty. Service was quick and the restaurant itself was clean and tidy.

My only issue was the price which is higher than I expected when I first saw the menu. 

I actually prefer Henry's Private Kitchen over the regular Henry's restaurant which serves more along the lines of street food type dishes.
What can I say about Henry's private kitchen ? A little disappointed! My husband and I drove here to eat last night all the way from north scottsdale, and was expecting something yummy. We ordered three dishes: oyster pancake, fried chicken tenders, and kejia stir fry with four ingredients. (I had high expectations , because I have been to Henry's kitchen in Tempe a few times and really liked their food. )The only dish I liked was the fried chicken tenders, portion was okay, but it could have used a little more seasoning. The kejia stir fry was the worst, it had dried bean curd , thinly sliced pork, celery and some squid. Some of the pork slices were just completely pure fat! I had to choose and pick through this dish..... Oyster pancake was a mistake on our end. I have never been a big fan of this dish, my husband loves to eat oysters but he had forgotten last time he ordered this he didn't like it. Be aware! If you like your pancake crispy, this is not the dish for you. The oyster pancake comes standard like other Taiwanese places I have tried before, however this particular dish is kind of soggy and it's just how it is. Will I ever come back again? Maybe.. I would definitely not order these dishes again though.
Best boba tea in Arizona!!! Taiwanese food A+++  my personal favorite: loyal milk tea with boba   Best milk tea
The fact they have pudding as an option besides tapioca gets 5 stars from me.

You are probably wondering why would I give a business 5 stars for pudding???

If you are from the bay area you and enjoy pudding as an option for your drink besides tapioca and have lived out here long enough to know the struggle of not finding one decent tapioca having cafe that has pudding.  Until Now!!!!  
That only took 5 years for Arizona to catch up to California's status. 

Thank you jesus for this place I can live a little easier now until we move back!
This place has the best boba tea around hands down!  Friendly, quick staff.  I always get the Thai tea w/ boba and it hits the spot! Just make sure if you bring cash you bring bills smaller than 20's =)
Great place to relax. The staff is very friendly and the milk teas are fantastic. This shop is adorable.
One of the best places for Boba in the area. Not only do they have boba but they have pudding milk tea!

Boba was cooked perfectly and the pudding was delicious. The milk tea that I had there was delicious and the boba was soaked in honey and brown sugar I believe. 

The place used to be Lollicup but I think they got a lot better after switching and losing the franchise.

If you're looking for great tasting boba milk tea or even better, pudding milk tea, the Yes Cafe is hard to beat in the area.