Yummy cheap street eats. It's a happening food truck without the wheels, no need to follow em' on twitter, they are here to stay. I am in no way shape or form an expert on the food of Venezuela, but I know delish when I taste it, and there are some mighty fine treats coming out of this window. I sampled strictly the Arepas. What the heck is an Arepa? Kind of a grilled corn shell, like a mash up of a sope and papusa, but hand sliced down the middle like a hamburger bun. After that just pick the 
filling(s) you want and enjoy. I particularly like the black bean and cheese and the tongue. Perico is the kitchen sink and really good too. Don't forget that crazy good green sauce, don't worry, it's not hot, but does burst with flavor. Arepas run $2.75-$4.00 Empanadas are $1.99 Venezy drinks are $1.49-dude hooked me up with free refills, don't know if that's the norm though. I tried 2 beverages Parchita which is a very sweet fruit punch thing, and the star by far was the Guanabana drink, which comes from the native southern hemisphere fruit of the same name. Very light, clean and refreshing taste. Bonus, they claim only fresh ingredients and no MSG, no microwave, and no can openers.
Hit I LUV AREPAS for a quick lunch snack - I think it's actually smaller than a food truck !  I originally thought it replaced the Naked City Sammie space but not true - a stand alone shack on Dino's  parking lot ( maybe it uses the NC space for prep work ... not sure ) 

Had the pollo arepas ( $3 ) and the carne ( $3.50 ) 

Comes with a side of spicy and mild sauce - damned if I know what's in them  the spicy had a smokiness to it, the
Mild a cream base - both very good.

The arepas ??  I actually like the pollo more but both were very good.  They basically take a corn based thick pancake,  cut in 1/2 and stuff with meat - no frills - simple food with great flavor .

I wanted a bacon dog ($2.25 ) but not ready yet - next time because there will be many next times

crappy pics added
We had about an hour before Paolo D.'s Foto Walk in Downtown, so we stopped by for a quick bite...The only other arepas we've tried was Gran Colombia(next to Pho 87) Colombian style arepas which were totally different in taste and presentation.

As always, we go with the chef's suggestions so we got the Reina Pepiada
and the Carne Mechada. Everything here is made to order, so expect to wait awhile especially when more people find out about this place. Chef Felix takes each masa cake and splits it down the center creating a pocket like a pita and stuffs it with your desired filling.

The Reina Pepiada tasted basically like a cold chicken salad with bits of hot dog which were also cold. Maybe that's the way its supposed to be, but not one I would order again.

The Carne Mechada was served hot and a bit more flavorful-saucy shredded beef and peppers, this one was "messy good" as the chef suggested "step back and take a bite so you don't get it all over your shirt"

The Passionfruit drink was also refreshing too. Definitely coming back for some of his other selections...Tongue and Tripe? HELLS YEAH!?...ALOHA!!!
This place is amazing, The food is super tasty, service is great and very authentic food. Its been open for a week and I already visted twice.
Its hard to find arepas in Los Angeles, so I was estatic when a friend found this little joint for me (Thanks Nich!)

I Love Arepas was only on its 3rd day of being open, so of course there is always room for improvement. 

Felix was very accomidating to our needs. 
He said the best arepa to try was the reina pepiada which is shredded chicken, pieces of hot dogs tossed in mayo, cheese and avocado. It was light but wasnt my cup of tea. I wouldnt order this again. 

Next, we had the carne mechada, which was way better!

Last, we were going to order the chicken but decided to get the pernil (pork butt). Felix wanted to make us happy so we told him if he could add black beans and salted cheese. This one was my fav!
The arepas itself was very moist and not very heavy at all as opposed to Caracas in New York.

As for a place just starting out,  Felix knows he has to make some changes to the menu and the venue (adding chairs, tv outside), which i commend him for listening to his customers, as he took note of our suggestions.

The arepas are great, but there needs to be a variety of components instead of just a meat filling. 

Will def be back to see the improvements that will be made.
I stopped by the stand on my way into Dino's for karaoke. Service was quick---Felix, the owner/manager was very friendly and offered samples of different fillings, like reina pepiada (a chicken salad with avocado and green peas) and tripa. Ended up getting the classics: frijoles negros con queso (black beans and cheese) and pollo machado (shredded chicken). The arepas are very good sized-- I have been to other places that give you arepas the size of dollar coins. Not here!! The arepas are 4 inches of authentic tastiness. I wish I wasn't just visiting this weekend so I could eat here all the time... In fact, I think I'll go again tomorrow.
Hmm. Do I love arepas? Thanks to this tiny food stand under the shadow of the Stratosphere Tower, I'd have to say a resounding YES!

I had never heard of this culinary item until I found out about this place. Some compare arepas (Venezuelan) to pupusas (Salvadoran). It's a fair comparison, but they're not quite the same. I say the only real way to find out is to try them for yourself. You won't regret it.

I've been here twice now. First, I tried the tripe, which was killer. The next time, I tried the tongue, which was similarly murderous. Now, if you don't like tripe or tongue, this place isn't going to change your mind. Don't worry, they also serve your basic fillings, like beef and chicken.

Currently, the only problem I have with this place is the slow service. Basically, it's like the chef has to do all the work because the hired help is incredibly incompetent. Fortunately, the last time I was there, I talked to the chef and he said he hired a new employee and she was starting the next day. Honestly, it hasn't been a huge inconvenience so far, but if there ever was a long line here, watch out. I'm hoping the new employee works out.

In any event, I'm a fan of this place. Arepas, I love thee.
YUM.  I tried arepas for the first time last night, and I'm sold.  These things are amazing.  I was swooning with every bite.

I had spoken with the owner earlier in the week and he told me that the arepa dough is made with milk, but that he would be happy to make me a special vegan one if I was willing to wait for it.  Well, Saturday night, drunk and hungry, I was more than willing to wait.  And I am so glad that I did! He made me a gorgeous arepa filled with black beans, and topped with freshly sliced avocado and tomato.  I have not stopped thinking about this food since I finished eating it, and I will definitely be going back soon.

The arepa dough was crispy from the grill on the outside (and btw, they cleaned the grill and made mine off to the side of all the other ones!) and almost fluffy on the inside.  The fillings were so fresh and tasty too! Every bite put a smile on my face.  

As a regular at Dino's, I am so thrilled to have a late night, vegan friendly food option to help me soak up the booze! And I really appreciate how super friendly and accommodating the folks who run the place were.  

My carnivorous friends went crazy over their non-vegan pork arepas too... and in fact everyone I saw get food there seemed pleased.  If you've never tried arepas you have been missing out!
I can official say that I (really do) Love Arepas. Like Paolo D. I had the lengua and tasted the tripe arepas. Highly recommend both.

For those unfamiliar, here's a quick description lifted from wikipedia (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arepas): "Arepa is a native sort of bread made of ground corn, water, and salt which is fried into a pancake-like bread. It is either topped or filled with meat, eggs, tomatoes, salad, cheese, shrimp, or fish."

Paolo D. and I came here on a recommendation from Nelson Q. Best recommendation ever. I've had arepas before and they were usually overly greasy or their filling was under-seasoned, but this place hit the spot. Maybe I got lucky and ordered two fillings that I really enjoyed, but I was one happy camper after having an arepa. 

The one downside is that there's absolutely nowhere to sit (this place is in a kiosk-like location in a parking lot in downtown -- think food truck without the wheels). Also I was really confused about how the ordering/paying worked because the guy working the cashbox really didn't seem to know what he was doing.
I LOVE AREPAS TOO!!!

I have to say, I was born and raised in Venezuela, and these arepas on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Wyoming are just like if they were made  by my own mother! holly cow! I had tear in my eye when I had the first bite!  I had to call my family back home in Venezuela to share with them the joy of having "authentic" Venezuelan food...

The place, is typical, very similar to what you would find in any corner in a Venezuelan city. The food, all fresh, made from scratches, with real corn flour, and made in front of your eyes. All the ingredients are prepared daily and the rest is just enjoy and invite!!! 

Its totally worth to visit, prices are very affordable and the attention 5 stars! Next time you are arond, stop by and you will see what I am talking about!!!

Pa'l Gocho!  (Del Maracucho)
tried to go today at lunchtime:  but didn't realize it doesn't open until 3:00pm...would have been nice had someone posted that critical bit of information...so I am - in the hopes that it saves someone else a trip and will be back another day...
A-MAZE-ING!
These arepas are so tasty- my sister and I went twice in three days (and we were only in town for four!) I'll be recommending this to any of my friends going to Vegas. If you're staying on the strip- it's worth the drive.
Yum!
Word is starting to spread about I Love Arepas and boy oh boy does it live up to all the buzz it's receiving. At a little less than $4 a pop, you're going to end up walking away from this food stand with a mouth full of smiles and belly full of happy.

If you asked me what an arepa was a few hours ago, I'd reply back with a blank stare and a scratch of the head. Ask me this in the present, and you'll find me blindingly reciting the Wikipedia description word-for-word, while dual-wielding an arepa in each hand.

The arepa is basically a fried flat cornmeal based sandwich filled generously with a meat of choice. Here, at I Love Arepas,  they have all of the usual meats that you'd find at a taco shop (beef, carne asada, shredded chicken/beef, tripe, lengua, etc.), along with their own unique concoctions. 

Since it was my first visit I was recommended these two items:
*#1 Carne Mechada - Shredded beef, bell pepper, onions, tomato, garlic
*#7 Reina Pepiada - Shredded chicken breast, avocado, mayonnaise, 
cilantro, green peas

I'd say that the #7 came out the winner in this one, but the carne mechada was at a close second due to how meaty it was (shredded beef lovers rejoice!). My mouth is flooding with drool now that I'm recalling what I ordered just a few minutes ago. I'm going to make it a mission to try every item on their menu. Before you know it, I'll be a stuffed, wobbling arepa machine by the time I'm through with it.

One downside about I Love Arepas is that it's located in Stabbytown, USA. The area isn't the greatest. If you've been to Luv It Frozen Custard (across the street), you'd know what I mean. If hobos don't scare you, give I Love Arepas a shot without hesitation. If the common-day bearded hobo does give you the willies, bring a friend along with you and share the love.
ZOMG.  After my friend (who also works as a chef in the Comme Ca in vegas) told me to come here, I decided to give this place a try after one drunken night of drinking a bit too much of Mrs.Belvedere (Grey goose ftw).  

Buy anywayz, I was DEFINITELY blown out of the sky with their Shredded Beef arepa.  It was f'in money (substitude "f" for watever you want).  Although I've never had an arepa, I DO know what good food is all about.  This place just hits a sweet spot that's so sweet, that your sweetness will die of being sweet.  I would never imagine myself giving a little food stand 5 stars, but I have no choice.  

If you are looking for some drunk food in vegas, look no further.  In fact, you don't even have to be drunk to enjoy this place.  Just come here and enjoy a fantastic Venezuelan arepa.  Oh, and I also had the chance to take a bite of the empanada...fried to perfection.

For hangover pre-medication, try the sugar cane juice with lime.  For $1.50, you can't go wrong.

I was a little confused on how to get here (drunk, but I wasn't driving fyi), but coming from Las Vegas Blvd, head past the Stratosphere and stay on your right as you come to a fork.  You'll see it a block ahead.  This place closed at 12am.
I've been to this place 3 times and it is amazing.  Super tasty street food that is priced right.  I've never had Venezualan food before, but on my third visit we talked to two venezualan guys who said that the food was very authentic.  We've tried the chicken and cheese, the pork butt and the garlic shrimp.  All of which were fresh and extremely flavorful.  The soursop juice is also quite tasty!  It's a great little local place, I'll definitely be back!
Loved it!  Finally a food stand I can get behind!  This place is the real deal.  They cook the masa batter on a little flat top to order and fill 'em with your choice of meats and stuff.  

Screw all of those hipster food trucks that are more about the twitter feed and the graphics on the truck than the food (yeah, you, sloppi jo's.  greasy, runny pork with no depth of flavor with an egg on top and an untoasted, stale, store-bought tortilla on the side?  no thank you).  Hey look at us!  We're a bunch of goofy 20 year olds who know nothing about food but check out our cool truck and tattoos and goofy dances and overpriced junkfood served in a parking lot!  To me the idea behind a truck is good, cheap food that's convenient.  If you have to DRIVE to the truck, then what's the point.  The truck should be where you are.  YOU shouldn't have to go to IT.  

But I digress...

The masa pancake bread thing is crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside.  They split em and fill em with any of a dozen or so goodies, including tongue and tripe.  The fillings were yummy without exception.  I got a bean and cheese, a pork, and a beef.  All were delish.  Served with a chili sour cream sauce and a pureed hot sauce.

Also tried an empanada as well.  It was odd but good.  Very little filling in the deep-fried empanada and the masa shell blew up like a balloon from the steam created inside while in the fryer which actually made for a pillow-like chickeny pocket of love.

Bonus points for its location out front of Dino's, a great dive bar on LV Blvd.  Conveniently located right underneath a billboard for a bailbondsman, across the street from the OG.

Hit it.
Ok ok... this little shack has been seeing alot of action on yelp recently so i had to see what all the local yippers were talking about. The location is kind of en, i personally would have like to sit there and grub and people watch a little but there seemed to be more of the owners family and friends just sitting around on a Sunday afternoon taking up space then actual customers enjoying the food and relaxing in a chair. After we got the cook to actually get back into the shack and stop chit chatting with the family outside i was thinking maybe i might finally get to eat. $3.50-$4.50 was the average cost of an Arepa across the board but keep in mind when your asked if you want cheese that its an additional .50cents to your total. Ordering a chicken, beef arepa and a bean and cheese empanada. Got my food and it all fit into a medium sized styrofoam container, this was where i asked is this all of it? yup. Now ill say the stuff smelled good driving in my car trying to find a place to sit and eat. It tasted even better when i Nom Nommed on it in the 5 bites it took me to eat the entire thing. But it left me wanting something more to eat because it did not fill me up at all. 

To those looking for a tasty bite/snack to hold you off before a dinner or a late night munchie after a little night life in Vegas sure this is the spot. But if your looking to be stuffed after having one $4 arepa id say only if you were a tiny 90ln chick. You need at least two of these to be a complete meal so keep that in mind when ordering. What id like to see is some better seating for the customers so i dont have to go 5 blocks down the road and park my car. And i think the use of maybe a complete meal package... like 2 arepas one chicken one beef and a little rice and beverage for lets say $10? i think this would not only have customers happy but also the owners would sell quite a few of these instead of many ordering just individual as i did when i sampled the offerings.
excellent food!!!!!  So fresh and so delicious!!!  I am hooked and am now a regular!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-MAZING!!!!!  love everything about it...well, almost....the only thing I don't like it the price of each arepa, BUT the taste is worth it, so I'll dish out the cash.... I will mention that I come from a community (outside of Las Vegas) where I used to get arepas and other Latin@ delicacies for under $3...for Vegas, I LOVE AREPAS is perfect!  Maybe they should offer a "Locals" deal :-)  Just a thought...
I have become an overnight fan of these so called street food vendors. They come in a mobile and stationary variety. Arepas is of the latter variety. 

I did not know what to expect when I drove there. Well I was not disappointed. From the crispy on the outside and moist on the inside arepas to the pulled pork and cold chicken filling... I was pleasantly surprised about how good the food was. Thumbs up on I Love Arepas.
This guy has a lot of heart and I like how the place is improving.  They added tables and chairs, which is great for people watching.  They got rid of the bacon hot dog (wahh) but added empanadas.  I'm a fan of the cold chicken and the wine-stewed beef arepa.  Honestly, they're tasty when I'm in the neighborhood, but I won't make the trip that often (unlike my foodie friends who lost their minds over this place.)  One arepa can be enough for a light meal, but I tend to eat two.
We came here with a bunch of Yelpers after the CMYE Baseball and Beers event.  I wasn't hungry but I just HAD to try this place after so many glowing reviews.

I got the pork butt and my wife ordered the shredded beef.  Both were really tasty and I can't wait to come back here with a complete appetite to try some other arepas.  Watching the staff of 2 do their magic while we were eating was pretty cool.

I have jury duty in a couple of weeks so I'm already planning on trying the tongue, shrimp and maaaaaaybe the tripe.
I do love these mini grilled pocket sandwiches. All are priced around $3.50-$4.00 and are jammed pack with great ingredients. Located right outside of Dino's, they are a must before, or after getting a little tipsy.

I had originally wanted to get the tongue, but they ran out. Instead, the chef suggested the leg meat and I have to bow down to the tender and flavorful meat. Cut off in thick gyro like pieces, this could be deadly. The rest of the group ordered and we had this meal family style. The garlic shrimp were tender and juicy. There is nothing worst than ordering shrimp and getting rubber instead. So good we order three. The pork butt was also delicious. The pulled chicken, mayo, and avocado arepa was so rich and decadent. The combination was perfection, but not for more than a few bites. I was glad to be able to pass it on after a bite. We had also ordered the cod and that was not a hit. For being a mild fish, it had an overbearing flavor. It was extremely salty and was the last to be finished.
Having never heard of an arepa before, Katrina M. quickly introduced me to one on a drunken night. Prior to going into the adjacent Dino's, I was ordered a Reina Pepiada - a masa cake stuffed with a cold combination of chicken, mayo, avocado, and peas. Even in sober retrospect, that was a damn great meal. 

Another karaoke excursion brought a large group of us back to I Love Arepas. Ordering a myriad of arepas and empanadas, my favorites were the Roasted Pork Leg/Butt (moist, flavorful without unnecessary frills) and the Garlic Shrimp (showcasing the masa in its lightness). However, the sauces make the arepas infinitely better. There were two: a creamy green that was mild, and a more concentrated green that added spice in all the right ways. My only disappointment was in the codfish arepa - salty, fishy, and an added upset to the booze I just ingested. 

The best part about this place, other than the arepas? The price! I swear, for under five bucks per arepa, I am not conscious of my broke college finances. The price and the amazing food make I Love Arepas the content of my dreams for the past week, with the only way to cease them is to visit again.
My friend randomly said how he always passes by a place called "I Love Arepas" on his way to work.

After seeing Bobby Flay's Throwdown, I saw those two Venezuelan sisters and knew I needed to try those one day.

I took it as a sign and couldn't say no to going! 

Drive there and find it is TINY! I want to say it's about 10 by 10 feet with a handful of bar type chairs by the window and a couple tables by the street. It's definitely not a restaurant. More of a food truck slash stand.

If you haven't guessed, it's kind of "ghetto" being on LV BLVD across the Olympic Gardens Gentlemen's Club haha.

We were the only ones there. I took it as a bad sign because the chef looked like he was in a bad mood and his up selling techniques made him seem a little unappreciative of having customers by his tone of voice.

The menu is small, everything is under $5.00 being a sort of tamale you can only order to go. The Arepas are about $3-$4 depending on the meat or style and are definitely worth the price. They aren't HUGE so don't expect something with huge portions, but the flavor and specialness of the item is there. 

We ordered the #1 which was beef and added mozzarella for $0.50.

I asked for it to go and the chef suggested we eat it there and we'd enjoy it more.

It was DELICIOUS!

An arepa is a masa "patty" that gets grilled on both sides so they're crispy, and filled with different meats, veggies, sauces , ect.

The masa is crisp on the outside, soft on the inside, and the fillings are so good!

I described it as a cross between a tamale, a sopa, and a torta.

There are different hot or cold fillings.

They also have drinks, empanadas, and snacks.

After having it I ordered some to go for my friend and they loved it as well.

Overall love the place. Wish the Gentlemen working was nicer, but every one has those days. The food was great and that's all that matters.

Btw, they serve with two sauces, a creamy green and a spicy/sour red and are both SO GOOD. They also give you sauce to go.

Highly recommend!
Once I found it, after going into their prep area since it also has a sign & is in a building, saw the little stand literally on the corner. After getting my lecture of "you've got me sitting outside in 100 degree heat & I don't even know what I'm eating" he took a bite. after the 2nd bite it turned into nods, smiles (his mouth was full) & upon swallowing "I'll have another one & 4 to go" before the 3rd bite. 
Owner was great, even walked outside & around to personally hand me each of my vegan gluten-free arepas. 
They named this place great because after trying it, we can each say "I love arepas"
I pulled some seriously dangerous driving maneuvers when I saw this little stand on the corner in Vegas.  Arepas outside of South America?  + from a little building that is just barely bigger than a hot dog cart? I'm in.

First off, I LOVE arepas. I go to South America a lot, + arepas are these little fried corn patties stuffed with all kinds of things, usually deep fried + heaven at 3am after a night of dancing that they sell on the streets of Colombia and Venezuela. They're like the drunk-munchies equivalent of seasoned curly fries here in the U.S.

The guy working there was also the owner, + he could not have been sweeter. This was my boyfriend's first arepa experience, + the owner asked him questions + made suggestions for what he might enjoy. We ordered our arepas, + he threw in a free empanada because my boyfriend had never tried one of those either.

The arepas here aren't the same greasy deep-fried ones I'm used to, but they are SUPER delicious.  the corn casings are really fresh, + the ingredients are fresh, warm, + delicious. He serves his food with sides of jalapeno and cilantro sauce to give them an extra kick if you like heat on your food.  There's also a big assortment of tropical juice that's really fresh + inexpensive (plus, refills are only $.99: such a bargain!).

It's always nice to see owners taking pride in their work, + the owner came out to deliver our food himself, + stayed to chat with us while we ate.  Really pleasant experience, + a nice cap to a weekend in The Vegas.
Love at first bite! 

Wow! Wow! Wow! 

Finally had the chance to enjoy this Venezuelan treasure! 

My gal pal and I got the Royal treatment on our first visit! 

I ordered a Pepsi with my order, and the Head Chef/Owner Felix gave me a sample of the Passion fruit juice, I said yes I'll have that!!!!! 

Natural Fruit Juices...Mango and Passion fruit mmmmm so yummy! 
You must order a fruit juice, forget soda. Trust me! 

I ordered a shredded beef empanada, my friend ordered two different types of Arepas, we both got a natural fruit juice. 

We sat in my (air conditioned) car to eat as it was hot hot hot outside and this was 10pm at night, ugh. They brought us our order to the car where an awesome conversation was started with the Owner Felix. 

So we chatted with Felix for a bit at the car, we informed him it was our first time trying them out. He gave us a bit of the History behind it all and how he previously worked with Mario Batali! 

He said I must try something so he went and made a Reina Pepiada Arepa for me to try! He told me I am the Reina Pepiada, whatever that means, lol Wow, it was Amazing! Delicious, melted in my mouth, full of flavor! 

He also wanted me to try his Cod empanada since I told him how much I love seafood. Mmmmmm yummy soooooo good, that also melted in my mouth like butta! The best way I have ever eaten cod fish in my life, in form of an empanada. Not just any Empanada but his which is the best! 

He also made a beef empanada for my girl Karen to try, mmmm she loved it, the best empanada ever. 

Felix...thank you for treating us so special and taking the time to hang out with us! You truly hooked us up and spoiled us so well!

We will be back sooner than you think! 

Muchos Besos!
I love Arepas is an understatement and the name of the tastiest food establishment I have eaten at that serves South American-specifically Argentinian cuisine- since I left Texas. Made me homesick. I ordered the marinated roasted pork butt Arepas and the black bean and cheese Arepas along with a mango juice. Later on, Felix, the owner and chef (genius) made me a black bean and cheese Empenada that was the size of a banana. I was so stuffed. My mouth and my stomach have not been this happy all at once and for hours afterwards in a long time! I can't wait to eat there again. Which will be soon because I go to karaoke at Dino's and I Love Arepas is located in the same parking lot! How convenient for me! WOOO HOOO! My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Hmmm, I forgot to ask if he does breakfast!
Totally overrated at five stars. Sorry people. It's only okay. 
My cousin ate there a few nights ago and was totally wowed by it. He said it was amazing. 

I, along with three other friends went there yesterday to check it out. Our togo order was totally f'd up and not in our favor. First of all the guy behind the counter said, don't worry, everything will be marked. Absolutely nothing was marked and we had to try and figure out what our orders were since they were all thrown together. Secondly, one of the sandwiches we ordered was missing...so we had to share what we had because it was too much of a pain in the ass to drive all the way back to make a stink. 

On top of that, I personally thought that the food was a bit greasy. I didn't love it. My other three friends did like the food, but didn't really get enough to eat. Everyone was a bit disappointed. They're willing to try again and give them another chance. I will if I'm dragged along.

Overall, I would say there's a lot of unwarranted hype about this dirty little stand.
After trying I love tapas, I figured out it was arepas. I had the shredded beef. The chicken and pork butt. Muy delicioso. I thought they were tiny hence why I ordered 3. Coming from a Guy who can eat it was hard to nom nom nom down the 3rd one. The meat was fresh with the right amount of seasoning. The corn bread thing it was in was lite and airy. I love the green mild sauce he gives on the side.  So good.
I cannot say enough good things about this place. Vegas kind of lacks in the latin food department and by that I mean everything except Mexican food. I am delighted to see some authentic south american (Venezuelan) fare. 

 I LOOOOOVE their EVERYTHING. The Arepas here are perfection...fluffy pillows stuffed with goodies and the empanadas are to die for. I highly recommend trying one of everything. 

My faves:

Arepas: Garlic Shrimp, shredded beef
Empanadas: Shredded Chicken, Bacalao (cod fish)

Also you absolutely have to try the passion fruit juice (parchita)...this is probably one of two places in all of Vegas I've found that serves this...

Also kudos for keeping late hours to satisfy my cravings :)
July 2011

Never heard of Arepas?  You aren't alone.  This was a Yelp find by my girlfriend and we just had to try it. 

Pros:
 +  i Love Arepas !
 + Open late
 + Friendly staff
 + Awesome Hot sauce

Cons:
  -  N/A  

Overall:
  I'm not a Venezuelan expert or anything, but the easiest way to describe it is a Venezuelan version of a taco.  I don't really know how else to explain it ha.  You just gotta try it for yourself!  I'm sure you won't be disappointed.

This place is addicting.  I personally loved the Lengua Arepa... Tongue for those who do not know.  It's located on the north end of the strip.  It's just a little stand with a few tables for seating, but don't judge the book by its' cover.  This was a pleasant surprise!  Next time I go, I'm going to try one of their Fruit Juices... I hear they are pretty good.

Tips:
 -  I didn't know how filling 1 Arepa was.  I ordered 3 Arepas thinking it was equivalent of 3 tacos at say Don Tortacos, but I was wrong.  Arepas are a lot heavier than a taco.  I'd say 2 and your good to go.

-  If you like spicy hot... try their hot sauce.  It has a good kick to it.

-  Don't forget to grab some extra napkins... you're gonna need it.

-  They take card so don't worry if you don't have cash.
This place is so small I mistakenly walked into Dino's bar instead! 
This was my first time trying Arepas which are from Venezuela. 

The menu is very simple and the place is a little shack. The outside temperature was near 115* and you can only dine outside on stools. I felt sorry for the cook BC it was too hot eating outside  so kudos to the chef inside over a hot grill without AC! 

My order -1 lengua Arepas and 1 shredded beef Arepas. I was pleasantly surprised and enjoyed the Arepas. The outside pocket tasted similar to masa around a tamale. The inside filling of beef reminded me of a stew flavor and the tongue filing was minced up and not gamy but flavorful.  The green hot sauce they give you in a bottle gives the Arepas a nice spicy kick and was yummy. 

I'm a new fan of this place but next time I'll return late night instead of mid day.
This place is fantastically close to the Stratosphere, making it easy for me to justify running over for a quick lunch. This has allowed me to sample a large portion of their arepa offerings, usually by ordering two at a time; one to devour sitting at their stand & generously doused with their delicious sauces and one to go, for when the first digests enough to make room for it. This means I usually order one of their hot ones (for now) and the cold (for later); the Pork Butt and Tongue are my fave for the hot while the Reina & Garlic Shrimp are both boss for cold. 

The Pork Butt is a winner. If you like pork, get it. Rich, tender chunks of flavorful pork drenched in juices? Yeah, it's even better with avocado.

I really enjoyed the Tongue arepa, too. The beef is tender, there were decently sized chunks of tomato and aromatics all nestled between those little golden cakes of fluffy/crunchy delight.

If you like chicken salad, the Reina is a tasty Venezuelan version wedged between the delicious griddle-fried masa cakes.

The garlic shrimp were a decent portion of shrimp in a buttery garlic sauce that soaks into the bread the longer it sits. 

Even the cold codfish is pretty good. They mix the cooked fish with a flavorful blend of seasonings and veggies/aromatics. It doesn't overwhelm with the stank o' fishiness, but you still know it's there.

They also offer a few other things, but I always grab an arepa.  I'll diversify once I've conquered their entire Arepa menu!
After passing by this place a couple times, I've asked my co-workers if they've been here, and said it was nothing really special. Then I've checked yelp, with all the positive reviews I saw, I was sure my co-workers were wrong. 

I decided to stop by the place 20 mins before closing, tried the chicken & the beef, I really wanted the empanadas, but they said the fryer was down, but i doubt that, seems like they wanted to get a head start on closing. Got the chicken & beef arepas. It was a small portion, but really stuffed with the meat, seems a bit overpriced for $3.50  I only ate half of each, it did have flavor, but it felt rather bland, it tasted like a mix of a packet of taco seasoning with some enchilada sauce. 

After all the rave reviews here, I am quite dissatisfied with the food and the service, and the co-workers were definitely right about this place. I have to agree with the previous yelper review, place is totally over rated!
Saw this spot while at Luv-It custard one night so looked it up and decided to try it.

Tried the marinated pork (# 5) and the shredded chicken w/avacado (#7)
Both were very good and had great flavor. They also had a squeeze bottle with a tomatillo and jalapeno sauce in it that added some kick to it which I loved. Food was very good and so was the service. Spoke with the owner for a while and he let me try some juices and my wife try the #7 meat before we bought as she is not a fan of mayo but she really dug it.

This place is also open late and is priced pretty reasonably. the portions are perfectly sized and around 3.50 each and IMO a good deal. 

This is a great little spot and I will be back for sure...anyone complaining or hatin on this place is prob a whiny fu*^%n bi&*h and used to eatin taco bell and should prob head back there. If you want to try some new food and support a non chain type place hit it up..you will at least be glad you tried it.

Yelp on Yelpers
I Love Arepas is a great Venezuelan food stand that is excellent in every way. Delicious arepas, friendly service, fast and inexpensive. My favorite thing to eat there is the #7 Reina Pepiada, which is a shredded chicken breast salad, made with avocado, mayo, cilantro and peas.It is definitely the star on the menu, but the carne mechada, pork butt (pernil) and the bean and cheese arepas are also great. I usually ask for cotija cheese on the arepas, it's yummy.

Make sure to try the juices too.They are refreshing, especially on a hot Vegas day. I like the Tamarindo and the Agua de Panela (sugar cane and lime). The staff is great, they really take pride in their service. This is hands down my favorite fast food in Vegas and everyone should check it out!
My first time here was very good however they had just opened for business that evening so I think that may be the key. I actually am more into the Arepa than the filling in itself (haven't been wowed  by their fillings yet). But my second trip here was a little disappointing. 

I ordered their menudo arepa and this time not even the arepa could save this extremely bad tasting menudo. The menudo was not seasoned enough and that's not something you want to do when serving menudo:(. The Arepa was very bland and dry like it was either left on the flat grill too long or it was reheated one to many times. 

The setting is so unique and I do love that so I'm not giving up just yet and do plan to give this place a third try I just hope to be able to post a more positive update. I really do like the staff and they are always so pleasant.
Awesome Arepas!  I liked everything I ate here.  My gf is from Colombia and of course she wasnt as big of a fan as I was just because she has had the best in Colombia....but we really enjoyed the taste and authenticity.  GOOD JOB I LOVE AREPAS
one word: AMAZING! .......OK But I have to tell you why its amazing: 

-Time: everything seems to be made to order! so it takes a little patience and its well worth it, I cant emphasize enough "its well Worth the wait" they are fast in overall, everything is fresh FRESH...F R E S H !!!! like home made cooking from remote places.... 
-TASTE: wow where do I start! this "Arepas" are like a small thick pita bread but made with corn and are delicious on their own, they slice them on the edge and stuff them with a shredded CHICKEN mix....that was great, I also had the ROASTED PORK BUTT, also freshly made, I had the REINA PEPIADA (chicken salad style) a bit too much mayo for my taste but never the less they are tasty, I also had the TONGUE and the TRIPE and my favorite was the EMPANADA also made with corn and extremely delicious made fresh stuffed with just enough beans and cheese for taste......My least favorite was the ALLACAS, which resemble a OaxacanTamale from southern Mexico wrapped in a banana leaf stuffed with chicken with green olives raisins and spices, the dough part of the ALLACA was soft and it melted in your mouth....my friends loved it. 
-TO DRINK: They have REAL R E A L "RRREEEEAAALLLL"!!!! (comprende?) real juice of MANGO or TAMARIND or SUGARCANE or GUAVA or GUANABANA.....they were all excellent, thirst quenchers ....and yes I tried all of this in the same visit......it is simply good. 

-CLEANLINESS: Well its a little 10x20 kitchen with tables on the parking lot....I took a peak inside the kitchen from several angles and its clean, almost as if it was new, people that work around that area kept coming and going for to go orders, the parking is old but clean. 

-THE RUNDOWN: Just go, eat and behold grandmas cooking! and if you never had a grandma just adopt the cooks. 
simply good food.
So me, J.V and Daniel met up at I Love Arepas after having a convo at work about Colombian food ( Daniel's family is Colombian).  I told them about I Love Arepas and we had decided to finally check it out, once we arrived, we realized its Venezuelan and not Colombian but Daniel said arepas is a Colombian dish also? Hmm okay...

Well, it was a very HOT day and since this place is just a stand with a few tables set up, we decided to sit at one of the tables and eat instead of in our cars.  We started with the fruit juices- sugar cane with lime for me, mango for Daniel and Tamarindo for JV.  We all thoroughly enjoyed our drinks, you can tell everything was freshly made. I thought my sugar cane/lime drink would be too sweet but it wasn't, it was PERFECT on this extremely hot day.

Food, we ordered almost everything on the menu..Arepas are like sandwiches with the patties made from cornmeal which is grilled then stuffed with meat, cheese and other delightful things...

Here's what we ordered:
Roasted Pork Butt (Hot filling)- yummy! shredded pork similar to carnitas, had great flavor
Shredded Chicken (Hot)- also very good, similar flavors to the pork butt
Beef Tongue (Hot filling)- oh my, SO good, one of my favorites! tender, slightly spicy
Honeycomb Tripe/Menudo (Hot)- another of my favorites in the hot filling category, this was the spiciest of all the arepas we tried. Again, full of flavor with the garlic and spices!

Cold fillings-
Reina Pepiada- they said this was their most popular but I was not a fan.  There was just too much mayo going on with this one, I couldn't even eat it all.  It's similar to a chicken salad with avocado and green peas but umm, yeah, too much mayo...
Garlic shrimp- this was BOMB, I mean seriously good. It was like having shrimp ceviche in a sandwich...this is a must have!

Empanadas- the guys loved the black bean and cheese, I got the shredded beef.  They loved it and said it tasted really fresh, mine was okay, seemed that my shredded beef had more filling than their black bean/cheese ones.

Hallacas- this alone would have me stopping by daily.  It's the most expensive item on their menu at $5 each but it's so worth it.  It's similar to a tamale with empanada filling wrapped in banana/plantain leaves and steamed.  For me, the cornmeal dough was SO yummy! It' reminded me of a Vietnamese dish very similar to it that's got ground pork and also steamed in banana leaf...this is a HELL yeah dish for me!

After we were done trying all the dishes, we were thirsty again so I ordered the Guava drink next and JV ordered the Guanabana (soursop).  Both drinks again were fresh and you could taste it!

This is a definite return for us, but next time, after the sun goes down or when the weather was cooler!
On our return visit, I tried  the tongue and tripe since they didn't have it on our previous visit...I really wanted to enjoy them, but the tripe still was way under seasoned and could not masque the "tripey"smell( ever smell a pot of simmering tripe?)

The tongue was soft but also underseasoned as well...I had to add more salt and some of the condiments on the counter to make it taste better...

What was even more disappointing was the masa was tough and dried out from being REHEATED!?!?!? We could totally taste the difference from masa that is cooked to order-crisp outside and soft inside.....why fix something that ain't broken???

On par like Pan Asian with a 3-star review, I really want to give this place another shot...just hoping it won't turn into another disappointment...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(19/365) "Do I love Arepas???"
In my taste buds opinions this place rules the roost and Felix along with his staff are the best at cooking and being great people. My favorite thing to eat there is the #7 Reina Pepiada, which is a shredded chicken breast salad, made with avocado, mayo, cilantro and peas.It is definitely the star on the menu, but the carne mechada, pork butt (pernil) and the bean and cheese arepas are also great. But I've had 90% of the menu and have never  been disappointed.
Bebida Parchita was a delicious treat to a hot summer day. My sister & I had to take our lunch to go since there is limited seating in shade.  We prefer to eat our hot food in cool places; I would love to enjoy the entire I LOVE AREPAS experience by eating outside after sundown.
We each ordered the number 7 and empanada con frijoles negros y queso.  The number 7 was my first choice as I've seen my fellow yelpers say only good things.  I very much enjoyed this #7 and would order it again! The green salsa was spicy but the burning sensation was drowned out by my bebida parchita!  
Ultimately I miss tapatio.
He would have enjoyed being eaten with my meal.
Friendly staff, great food!  The food is so good that I sometimes think about these arepas during random times of the day.  Everything is pretty fresh, hot and delicious!  

One negative is eating out there in the heat.  It's hot.  If it is summertime try to come when the sun is down or you will fry.
Great little place just north of the Stratosphere. All the arepas are good. I personally like the Reina Pepiada and the Garlic Shrimp. My wife and daughter always stick with the Black Beans and Rice and get a cheese empanada. Don't go for the ambience as you are sitting on the strip right across from OC - a gentleman's club. The area can seem sketchy but the food is cheap, tasty and a great alternative to fast food.
3.7 rounded up.  My fiancee and I went a little crazy.  W e ordered 5 arepas and the...taqueno?  It's the fried carby thing with cheese in the middle.  Very simple, but very good.  I had the reina pepiado (too mayo-ey and not enough flavor...fiancee's second fave though), garlic shrimp (by far the best, b/c it was so flavorful.  Perfection.  I must go back just for this), shredded chicken (not so great.  just didn't do it for me), bacalao (salty fish...thought it was fine), and bean and cheese (my second favorite...but a far second).  I'd come back here in a heartbeat...just my type of place.  From the other reviews, I'd come here only after sundown in the summer.
4-stars for the food itself... though surprisingly small portions... It was very tasty tho... make sure to use the 'hot' sauce provided on the tables, very good alongside the arepas.

5-STARS for the Soursop drink... I had never ever heard of it beforehand and it was so delicious that I may just go back to this place just for that drink specifically.
YOU AIN'T DOWN for I Love AREPAS !

Authentic Venezuelan food has hit the streets or should I say the strip, or should i say across the strip.....club (OG gentlemen club that is) hahaha! Have you ever had Arepas? There basically mini sandwiches made of ground corn dough or cooked flour, filled with different toppings!
Need another description ? If a Mexican Torta and El Salvadorian Papusa had a baby a Venezuelan Arepa would pop out!  Super BOMB Latin flavor explosions !

Chef Felix and Chef Alix are bringing Vegas some Fresh Venezuelan ingredients all in one little food stand! I Love Arepas has been only open for 4 months and it's already the talk of the town. Don't be surprised if there's a long line or long wait, good food takes time and patience. Also the cilantro mayo and the green salsa is a must for every bite! And for my last tip refresh yourself with there super bomb natural fruit juices, pick any flavor there all good!

Visit: ILovearepasLv.com
close to many of the places we like and we enjoy the odd food.  worth a try.  have fun!   parking good though a challenge at times.close to the freeway.
The best Arepas i've had so far!. Great value too. The bread is crunch on the outside and soft inside. It had fresh corn flavor. 

Shredded beef & Tongue were very flavorful. These are mine favorite!

Reina Pepiada - a little too creamy for my taste but my friend loved it. 

Roasted Pork Butt - good but too salty. 

Soursop drink - refreshing!
Its an orgasm in your mouth, in the parking lot of Dinos. In a totally legal way. I hit this place up at least every other night and usually drag suburban friends along too, to show them how we roll in downtown. The Arepas are fuggin amazing! Felix the boss man is the friendliest guy will meet downtown too! You can have 2 of these sandwiches and you'll be totally stuffed. Sitting outside of the little Arepas shop is the perfect place to "people stare". You can watch the escorts,homeless,drunk tourists,out of country tourists,rich people and crazy people all walk by while you sit and stare. Once done you can walk 20 steps to either Dinos for Karaoke and the strongest and cheapest drinks in Vegas or across the street to Olympic Gardens to get your "perv" on tipping the ladies. If you are ever around the Stratosphere or downtown, definitely make the very short trip to the corner of Wyoming and Las Vegas blvd. You WON'T be dissapointed
I have long avoided this place for two reasons: one, I despise the food truck trend. And two, my previous experience with arepas was limited to some mystery-meat-stuffed weirdness at a bus depot in the Venezuelan hinterlands.

But yesterday, as I was driving past the street corner where the Arepa boys do business...out of the corner of my eye I noticed that the proprietors were two hot Venezuelan dudes of childbearing age. Hell-O! I did a quick U-turn and pulled into the parking lot. 

As mentioned, my previous experience with arepas left me skeptical...but the hotness of the staff, and the fact that it's not actually a food truck, but more of a dingy kiosk unadorned with Twitter and Facebook logos, convinced me to give 'em a second try. And now.......... I, too, Love Arepas!

I only had one -- the bean and cheese. But it was fantastic!! WAY better than the ones I had in Venezuela (they hate Americans down there, so they probably pissed in my arepa at that bus depot). At $3.50 it was a filling mini-meal...and actually stuck to my ribs through three cocktails, preventing me from getting wasted and doing embarrassing things down on Fremont St.

IMO this is hands down the best dining in all of Vegas -- cheap, unpretentious, delicious and al fresco. You can sit at the little tables in front of the arepa pod and enjoy the scenery of the neighborhood: a strip club, a dive bar and an all-night drugstore patronized by pimps and weirdos. 

I will MOST DEFINITELY be coming here again and again and again -- and that's just with the hot proprietors. I'll come to the kiosk again, too :-)
I Love Arepas!!!!
Ate the Lingua, bacalao, and ham n cheese, all were delicious.   THe owner is super cool, and let us try one of his new creations, which was like a fresh ground corn cake filled with  cheese, awesome!  This is straight forward, no frills, or BS food.  I'm craving their arepas writing about them right now!
Totally starving after the opening night of the PollyGrind film festival and first Friday party down near that art district.  The gang of us wandered down the street and came upon I Love Arepas, and proceed to chow down on some fabulous black bean and cheese arepas, as well as camaron arepas!  So yummy, and we weren't even drunk!  Well, I wasn't.

Also good were the fried cheese bread sticks, and the meat lovers like the pork, beef, chicken arepas, too!  I hope to find this kind of dish back in Sacramento when I return!
I had never even heard of of an arepa before last Friday night.  I came to Las Vegas with some friends for a showing of a film we made, and the theatre we showed at was just a stone's throw away from here.  Arepas was open late, so we gave it a shot and were blown away by how flavorful and simple everything was.

I had the black bean and cheese arepa, while friends of mine tried everything else on our multiple visits (pork, chicken, empanadas, etc).  They are kind of messy, but that's a small price to pay for all that incredible flavor.

The staff was very professional and patient with a large group of drunken tourists, and I imagine they have to deal with this kind of stuff all the time, so major kudos to the employees of I Love Arepas!

Upon returning home to Sacramento, CA, I was disheartened to learn that nobody in my city makes these things!  Sure I can find some empanadas nearby, but the closest arepas I can get seem to be in Davis, about 15 miles outside of Sac.  Don't take your arepas for granted Las Vegas!
It's good...for what it is. I had the number 1, the number 7 and the Hallacas, (spelling)? The Hallacas (sp) was delicious, I'm not a fan of raisins and olives so that was my only complaint about it and that it came pre-made so I couldn't get them removed. However, despite my distaste for raisins and olives, it still came out pretty good. The breading they used for the Arepas though was outstanding, I actually could not get enough of that which is why I loved the #1 but also the #7. The #7 was a little more creamier than I thought but the breading had me finish the whole thing. The only real negative about the place as other people have mentioned is that if you go during the summer be prepared to sweat while you eat or at least wait for your food to be finished. However, it's a trade off since melting like Frosty the Snowman will always be tolerable if I can watch a priest, stripper, crackhead, retirees, and a man dressed as Catwoman walk by. (Yes, I typed that correctly, a man dressed as Catwoman, entertaining to say the least) This corner never fails to disappoint.
I'm a HUGE fan of this place. I've traveled to Colombia and this is the real deal folks. I've had arepas in Miami as well and was super duper excited when I heard that an arepas place opened up in Vegas. Beware...these little packages pack a big punch. I've tried the shredded beef, shredded chicken and roasted pork butt arepas. If you order one arepa, it's a nice snack but ordering two is like having a full meal. Everything on the menu is delicious and you can't go wrong. My mouth is salivating just thinking about it. I also had the sugar cane drink which transports me to a time when I was a small child chewing on fresh sugar cane stalks! If I lived closer, I would eat here more often. I really do love arepas.
This was my first experience being in and eating out in Vegas and I want to go back just to have one more arepa. They were absolutely amazing and I can't wait to visit Vegas again just to have one of these. The staff was also ridiculously nice. They were super patient with us tourists considering it took us forever to even make a decision on what to eat. I have to say best service I've ever gotten at a food truck/kiosk.
If you are in the mood to try something new, do yourself a favor and stop by I Love Arepas! This place has incredibly tasty Venezuelan food and refreshing drinks. My FAVORITE is the pork butt (Pernil) arepa and the sugar cane with lemon juice, or the pastelitos (meat pies) with passion fruit juice. 

DEFINITELY RECOMMEND!
If you don't like this place, you have no taste buds!!!!
AMAZINGGGG
Oh man, I was so excited to finally get a chance to try this place!  After several failed attempts (due to hangover induced comas), I finally struggled to get to I love Arepas (which is located next to a bar near the stratosphere casino/resort) to try as many of the arepas as possible on two consecutive trips (end of Sept 2011 and Halloween 2011).  

I will start with the two sauces offered.  One is a tomatillo based, spicy salsa.  The other is a crema/avocado based sauce.  Both are freaking like crack and would go delicious on a shoe.

On to the main show.  I have had a chance to fully consume or try bites of the following (and remember, I am a fat ass at heart and am not ashamed): 

1. Shredded Beef
2. Shredded Chicken
3. Beef Tongue
5. Roasted Pork Butt
7. Riena Pepiada
8. Garlic Shrimp

This place is legit and you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but my hands down favorites were the #1 Shredded Beef and the #7 Riena Pepiada (especially this one, it is addictively good).

In all honesty, if you are staying anywhere near the Las Vegas strip, order a cab and pay the $10 to get here and eat the delicious ass food.  One more note:  don't be fooled by the size of the arepas; they are really filling.  You can easily eat one, but two may make you explode.  I recommend coming with a group of 4-6, ordering a bunch of different arepas, and trying things family style.
So driving by I saw a sign and the only word that registered was AREPA.  I said to myself, man I love Arepas and that was that (I had already eaten that time).  So I was gonna get some frozen custard and hit up Dino's and realized this was the same spot and it was actually called I Love Arepas, so I stopped in and got one.  

You might think one is not enough but damn they are filling.  It's also a little messy and the sauces they include don't help but it tastes great!

My only complaint is how much accouterments come with it.  There's the paper it's wrapped in, the paper that's put in, the plastic things for the sauce and all - none of it compostable but then again that's just my San Francisco hippy-ness coming out.  It's Vegas after all!
COME HERE!! from California and i definitely wanted some sweet arepa deliciousness!!

Nice little food stand with some chairs/ tables outside to sit or at the bar.  The arepas are quite filling even though they don't seem that big.  THe sauces that come with them are really delicious and make a perfect topping onto a Pork butt or #1 or shrimp arepa!! Those ones really stood out for me as I was eating.  Get a couple and share with friends so you can get some taste differences!

No bathrooms & no free tap water, so you'll BYO Drink or pay $1 for a drink.  

Definitely delicious and i'm salivating thinking of it, this place definitely needs more people to pay them a visit and get some business!

Bottomline: Come here for a tasty arepas fix.  Get the #1 or pork butt or shrimp arepa.
Pretty amazing stuff!  I stumbled upon this jewel last time I was visiting.  Amazing food, quick and friendly service.  I will make a point of returning next time I am in town.
I was driving around Vegas one evening looking for something interesting to eat, and I Love Arepas jumped out and grabbed my eyeballs. I immediately pulling into the parking lot to investigate.

I love shacks, and I Love Arepas is a shack. When I saw the word Venezuelan, I knew I was off on an adventure. The menu is a bit intimidating for a newbie, but the guy who work there are extraordinarily helpful and patient about explaining the offerings.

I completely enjoyed the cold shrimp item I had. While I was eating, they inquired to see if I was enjoying the food. This sort of service is more like a 1st class joint than a shack in a parking lot.

People were constantly showing up, but there was never a line. The food has to be prepared, so while it's not fast, it still gets to you fairly promptly. 

I brought my wife on a return visit a couple of days later and had the same excellent and enjoyable experience. A must-stop from now on when I'm in Vegas.
Just like the sign says, "I Love Arepas." Although delicious Venezuelan food can be found in Miami, I was a little skeptical when it came to Las Vegas. However, this place holds up to the scrutiny. We wanted to give it a try and because the arepas were so cheap ($4-$6)  we ordered one of each...literally, one of each variety. Needless to say, I got full pretty quickly and ended up trying one bite of everything. DELICIOSO!

My favorites were:
-black bean
-shredded pork

The guys working in the stand/shack were super nice. I will definitely be back the next time I have an arepa craving.
So Gosh darn good!  It's conveniently close to my office so huge shame on me for not visiting this place sooner.  I ordered the shredded beef arepa and a shredded chicken empanada.  I'm kicking myself though for not trying the beef tongue arepa.  That's when you know a place is really authentic.  When it offers body parts that turn people off when they see them in the menu, you know you've found something good.  Next time I'll try that arepa and see how it tastes.  

For now though, I greatly enjoyed it, the chicken and beef were delicious and the sauces they came with on the side were perfect!  No ketchup needed, and just the right amount of spice.  Looks like I found a new downtown lunchspot for those days when I can't stomach the nearby cafes.
If I were to die tomorrow and come back as a food it would be an Arepa. My only regret in life being that it took me so long to discover this AMAZING food. I first had this back in September, and have eaten it at least once every other week since then.

I have been a hardcore Tamale fan for years, and I Love anything that involves corn. Corn bread, corn masa, corn souffle, etc. So when I found out Arepas are these delicious little pita pockets made from corn I fell in love before I ever even tasted it.
When I arrived at the Dino's parking lot I knew I was in for something special when I saw all of the picnic tables sitting around outside, and at least 10 people standing and sitting around eating and eagerly awaiting their orders....Oh yea, and this was at 11pm!

Looking at the menu, as usual, I couldn't decide which of the many amazing options to try, so, also as usual I over ordered. 
I got 3 Arepas 2 empanadas, and 2 tequenos.
Total cost: $16....(Although, they have raised the prices slightly since I first went and this order would now be roughly $20.)
But trust me this is enough food for 2. I had no idea how much meat they were going to cram into that little corn pocket.
I got the Roasted Pork butt, the Shredded Beef, and the Garlic shrimp arepas, and although I realized I had over-ordered after one empanada and half the first arepa, I still managed to polish off every bit of that order except the tequenos, which were the only thing I wasn't extremely impressed with. (They are basically like bland crescent rolls stuffed with white cheese.)
But, whatever that greenish white mayo-type sauce may be, it is the most perfect condiments i've ever had and goes perfectly with the saltiness of the meal. 

I haven't tried any of the more interesting ones: Tripe, lengua, etc.
But i you are an obsessive tamale fan like I am just go and try the roasted pork butt, and you can thank me later.
For arepas (corn flour sandwiches), Viva Las Arepas is definitely one of the best places in town. I came here the third day it was open, when it was still called I Love Arepas and when signage wasn't as visible and impressive. I met Felix, the owner. He really prides himself on his recipe for his corn masa bread. He has the bread ready and preps everyday. He has trays of the bread and when you order, he heats up the bread for you right in front of you for you to see. What you might not know is that his back is aching just so you can see what he is doing because he set the grill up lower, so whenever he cooks, he really has to bend over and strain his neck for you to see how he's cooking everything in the trailer.

The trailer is where all the business and eating is done. His storage is right next to Dino's Neighborhood Bar. If you ever ask him, he might show you. His storage is filled with Corn Flour. His arepas are Venezuelan. Arepas are also really popular in Colombia. Anyway, he uses the freshest ingredients. His aguas (juices) are from concentrate and blended with filtered water. He has guanabana (soursop), guayaba (guava), parchita (passion fruit) and mango (mango, lol). 

My favorite sandwich is the

Reina Pepiada: Fresh chicken with avocado cream sauce, great textures and came out piping hot, so it was really delicious. 

I have tried many of the other sandwiches. They're all really delicious. The empanadas are filled with fresh meats. Their dessert, quesillo, was really delicious. Even though Felix doesn't like it being compared with a cheese flan, I felt that would be how I would describe quesillo to anyone. 

This might look like a fast food joint to you, but he really takes the time to care about and cook his food. He enjoys telling people about the process of making his food. I enjoy listening to chefs talk about how they make their food. 

 I had a great experience all five times that I went to this place. I think that everybody in town should try to hit up this spot at least once. It's really a gem.
These guys are a perfect late-night padding stop.  I have never had arepas before, so I can't compare to anyone else's, but these are great.  We've only tried a few of the fillings so far, and they are the ultimate late-night comfort food.  If anything, they're a smidge salty, but they will definitely cure your ills before calling it a night.
The food was not bad. I didn't like the bread that much though. I did like the pork butt sandwich the most, other ones i tried were just OK. I did expect something out of the ordinary but nothing like that here would prefer a carne asada sandwich instead of this any day.
one of the greatest food truck style place ever tasted in Las Vegas!

The price is great and the food is outstanding.  Love to get a mix of cold and hold mix.  the drink is also great.  

Must visit this place when you come to Vegas!
First time here we sampled a bit of everything this place is worth stopping for. Delicious corn arepas: pork butt, shredded beef, garlic shrimp, and chicken yum yum yum!!
AMAZING!

This unassuming food stand really packs a punch. Having never tried venezuelan food before, I pulled up here one evening for some late night snacks. I tried the original, hot beef and cheese arepa. Out of this world. The little corncake that they stuff it all into is perfect- the consistency is amazing, and the taste is just out of this world. The meat filling is like the barbacoa at Chipotle- except 80 times more flavorful. Also, the guys who work there are super nice too!

If you're looking for something different and new for a great price, I highly recommend I Heart Arepas. Make this a place to visit on your next trip!
We we're in vegas for new years an went to this lilttle place. I try the arepa with Shrimp in ajillo,the ground beef one with cheese and the empanadas de pollo.
The service was the best and the food was excellent and the price inexpensive. You and a friend and eat for 20.00 thats not bad.
There's nothing I can yelp that hasn't already been yelped about Arepas. But alas I have to write a review if I want to add Arepas to a list (a few lists, really) of favorites. 

I really haven't eaten a wide spectrum of arepas. I've had the veggie ($4) and camarones al ajillo ($5). The veggie is just meh, but the camarones with the side sauces is so good. 

I guess it also helps that when I go, I'm normally hopped up on vodka and Danny G's karaoke from Dino's (shares a parking lot with Dino's). When I'm in that state, I have no discrimination filter and I love all food. 

These tasty little pockets are yummy, but a little on the pricey side for the portion sizes. Though I've heard, but have no confirmation, that the corn meal is imported straight from Venezuela. Who knows. It sounds nice, though. So take your time and savor the taste and texture of the cornmeal pocket. So yummy. 

You can also get tasty beverages like guanabana ($1.75)  to wash down your arepa. Wonderful. 

Friendly staff.
Amazing Venezuelan food! Get #1, #7 (get the shrimp hot), and coconut or guava empanadas!
$3.50-$5.00 for arepas, $2.00 for empanadas. The garlic shrimp was underwhelming. I was happy with the shredded beef, but the hot sauce makes it delicious! Gotta have a crispy empanada while you are at it. Be careful, the food is dense and the bread will make you full fast!
This is a yummy food stand  i had a shrimp and a chicken arepa and bf had pork and a beef one. It is basically a fried corn cake with the filling of your choice, yum the salsa is spicy the shrimp was done well and the chicken is juicy. The black bean empinada was dry and tasteless and kinda soggy. The shrimp arepa was supposed be cold but the one i had was warm and i don't think i would want it cold. It was 22$ for 4 Arepas and an empinada and Two drinks.
OMG, you have to try the pork arepa with tomato.  Add cheese and it is oh so good!  Unless you are starving or can eat like a trucker, you will likely only be able to eat one of these beauties.  Which makes it a full meal for around $4.  Yay!  They also gave me cold green salsa and ranch dressing (at least I think it was ranch dressing) that went so perfectly with my hot sandwich of the gods.

Not really thrilled about eating out in a parking lot.  The nearby pedestrians were a little shady and made me a tad nervous.  But take out seemed easy and probably the better option.  I just hope they expand, maybe to Naked City Sandwich Shop's old location.  They have their sign up there already.  Just take over the space.
What can I say about Viva Las Arepas? One word: AMAZING! 

The food is fresh and delicious. I have never ordered anything here that has not made my taste buds dance. I've been here about 10 times since they opened. Felix(the owner) is personable and friendly. Everything on the menu is below 5.00. One arepa will fill you up. But I will warn once you go here you'll keep coming back.
Nice little place girth of the strip. If u go there ask them to deep fry ur order... Wow!
Flavor burst in yo mouth!  I woke up the next day and am still thinking about this place.

Similar to the Salvadoran pupusas, Viva Arepas maybe the best value you will get in Vegas.  If you're boring and only eat chicken strips and mash potatoes and god forbid don't like flavor, then don't come here.

But for $4 you will be taken through a bold and flavorful journey.  The masa cornmeal patty has the perfect texture, crisp on the outside and nice and soft on the inside.  We had the shredded chicken based on a few locals who were parked at the bench. 

The shredded beef emapanadas were pretty good but the arepas are the star of the show.  I don't think you can go wrong with any of the meats.  I look forward to coming back VERY soon to try their lengua and pork butt.  

Speaking of pork butt, these arepas fit perfectly in your hands. It really is the perfect grip second to the OG across the street but c'mon....that grip will cost you multiple trips at Viva!
A quick word to the wise - this place might be a stand on the side of the road, but the food takes awhile to prepare.  The freshness is well worth the wait, but if you are pressed for time, don't expect to order and walk away quickly.

When we approached the window of this fantastic little food stand, we must've looked puzzled, because a woman quickly gave us the rundown on the whole menu.  She told us her favorites, ordered for herself, and then told us, "This place is really good.  I should know, I'm from Venezuela and I love the way they cook here."

Emboldened, we walked away with two arepas.  We had actually had arepas before, in Brooklyn - they are kind of similar to the dish some parts of Mexico call a quesadilla.  Thick masa is formed into a pita-type shape, or sandwich-style, around delicious fillings.  I think these might've been even better than the ones in NYC.  The masa was crunchy and chewy all at once; the fillings were boldly seasoned and complex.

My favorite was the Reina Pepiada.  It was a chicken salad with peas, and it was the bee's knees.   I followed one of my cardinal rules for unfamiliar Spanish-language foods - if the title isn't a direct translation, its probably a regional favorite, and it was.

Very excited that there's cheap and delicious food easily accessible from either Fremont or the Strip.  Highly recommended.
tip:  get an arepa, then cross the street to get some frozen custard!

At around $4, it's somewhat pricey for a rather small but plenty tasty arepa.  Beef tongue arepas were very tender, but was cooked through so much that you won't know its beef tongue or beef brisket. comes with green sauce which was fantastic.

also have sugar cane drinks (asians love that $h!t)
Food stand selling meat across a strip club selling a different kinda meat --- SO FUNNY and SO VEGAS!

I've heard so many things about this place, especially since my co-worker is Venezuelan. So after work, we decided to trek on over to (almost) DTLV.

Three friends and I split: beef tongue arepas, roasted pork butt arepas, shrimp arepas, and ham and cheese arepas. WOW, it's for sure what Misty said: HOT POCKETS BUT, WAY BETTER!!!!!! There was so much flavor in the meat. It was marinated well and dripping in juices or sauces.

Also, tried the gyobano (sp?) drink and a coconut dessert similar to an empanada. That drink tasted exactly like the fruit which is funny cuz I haven't had that fruit since I was a kid in Hawaii.

Service was cool and they had 2 for 1 arepas. It's, also, kinda fun to just eat on the streets of Vegas. Not those fancy schmancy restaurants on the strip.
I'd never had arepas before, so this was an exciting new experience for me. I had the beans and cheese and the cold chicken in mayo and they were delicious! The service was great, extremely friendly.

As others have noted, this is a stand by the side of the road, so don't expect a fancy dining experience. Do expect some of the best food and certainly some of the most friendly service you've ever encountered though.

If/when I'm ever back in Las Vegas I'll be sure to return to Viva Las Arepas. This is by far the best value for your money in town.
Big fan of this place - and I think it has potential to be one of my favorites in all of Vegas.  Tried the cold chicken salad arepa (chicken breast, avocado, and peas) and the hot shredded beef arepa with cheese.  

Both were pretty good and taken to the next level by the sauces they are served with.  You can either use the green sauce - which is incredibly creamy and has a mild but tasty kick.  The red sauce is pretty spicy but I loved it.  I actually liked mixing the two sauces best - more flavor = more happy.

The arepa itself is fantastic.  Basically it's cornmeal made into a patty and crisped up.  Outside is crispy and inside is soft and yummy.

Why no 5 star review then?  Simple - everything is underseasoned.  From the arepa shell to the filling, everything needed a touch more salt.  Seriously, if the chef would just season all the food properly this would EASILY be 5 stars and probably some of the best stuff I've ever eaten.  Every bite, even with the fantastic sauces, tastes a bit bland.  Just salt those puppies up and bring out that flavor.

That being said, I'm a fan and will be back many times.  But I might bring a little salt with me.
I've been here a few times and I'm finally writing a review. I have to say it's the best!

I've had:

* Shredded Chicken (Onion, Tomato, Garlic)

* Roasted Pork Butt (Slow Cooked Marinated Pork, Fresh Tomato Slices)

* Reina Pepiada (Shredded Chicken Breast, Avocado,  Mayonnaise, Cilantro, Green Peas)

* Vegetarian (Avocado, Black Beans, Tomatoes, Grilled Peppers, Onions)

I have been satisfied with every one of them. My boyfriend has had the Beef, Pork, and Beef Tongue. His remarks are that they are good, hearty and inexpensive. One is enough for me on each visit because they can fill you up rather quickly. I love their sauces! There is a creamy cilantro dressing and a nice and spicy green sauce, which I drizzle over my Arepa!

Authentic, fresh ingredients, fast and friendly service. This place has become one of my favorite spots to go to when I'm craving Venezuelan food.

Also, don't forget their Hallacas (A mix of beef, pork, chicken, capers, raisins, olives, and vegetables on cornmeal dough, wrapped with plantain leaves, that is bolied) They are like my mother's Central American tamales and they are GOOD!

I feel the flavors are great, but I have a low sodium diet most of the time and felt it was a tad too salty, but that's just me. Nothing that bothers me too much, but giving the heads up for those picky eaters.
I have never had an Arepa, and now it's one of my favorite meals! So delicious the food was as great as the service. I'd recommend it to everyone planning on a Vegas trip and will go back for my next trip!
Very tasty and filling. before leaving vegas thast weekend I just needed one more for the road sadly they were closed on sunday.  but will definitley be back on my next vegas trip.
Hidden Gem
Hole in the wall
Small crappy looking shack that serves delicious grub

All three of these phrases perfectly describe Viva Las Arepas, but I like the third one the best!

Located at the end of the strip, on Las Vegas Blvd, just a few blocks past the Stratosphere Hotel, sits a small, ugly white shack in a deserted parking lot that serves up some of the tastiest little snacks in all of Las Vegas. 

Viva Las Arepas serves up some of the best tasting Arepas I've ever eaten. For those of you who aren't familiar with Arepas, they're pretty much small, fried cornmeal pockets stuffed with meats, cheese, veggies, sauce, etc, etc. Viva also makes empanadas, a few hot dogs, aguas frescas, and a few sweet treats like flan and more. They also have these two amazing shack-made sauces. One is a lime green color that's mild but has an amazing flavor and the other is a spicy red sauce. Since my wife and I were going to have a big dinner the same day we visited Viva, we decided to just get a few items to try. This is what we purchased;

Lengua Arepa W/ White Cheese & Avocado Slices http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EnCIojgP5KTr1leaysFE3A?select=8lN2NE_nQzG-VFNGfeR1hA
Ground Beef & Shredded Cheese Arepa  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EnCIojgP5KTr1leaysFE3A?select=-dY7b8L5QpT1MPtSHG34ug
Black Bean & Cheese Empanada http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EnCIojgP5KTr1leaysFE3A?select=D_dkKgnCHti4moXUxO85vQ

All three items were incredibly delicious. The cornmeal pockets were perfectly fried yet still had a soft center. The Lengua, which was shredded and cooked in a delicious sauce, was my fave of the two. It was savory, sweet and slightly spicy all at the same time. The ground beef Arepa reminded me of a Taco Bell Chalupa, but obviously much better. The black bean and cheese empanada was also very good. 

To wash down our yummy snacks we had a large Passion Fruit aguas frescas. It was super sweet and super refreshing. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EnCIojgP5KTr1leaysFE3A?select=Wz0vow2OgM5E5N6lMQP07Q 

The prices for each Arepa are about $3 or $4 bucks a piece, which isn't too bad considering how delicious they are. The guys who were working in the shack were all friendly and got our food out to us quickly. 

If you're in LV and feel like something quick, tasty and cheap, don't go to some crappy chain place like McDonald's, head on down to Viva Las Arepas and treat yourself to some phenomenal Arepas. Trust ME.
Great Venezuelan food. Best place to watch traffic on the strip.
Yelp was raving mad about Viva Las Are???.. so I jumped on the gun when I had the chance and ordered almost everything on the menu for myself and some hungery employees.  Honest to say, it was aight.. Meat to dough ratio was a little off.. there was hardly anything inside the empanadas.. and the person that was supposed to take my order just stared at me for a good 10 seconds.. and thats pretty long in staring time!  The Garlic Shrimp stood out from the rest in taste and quality but I just wasn't really a fan of the dough.  Just a little too.. doughish I guess?  I would much rather smother myself with one of 'em cheesy soft tacos at one of 'em spanish carts at one of 'em gasoline stations or one 'em tire repair shops.  Now that's a five star.. even with flies buzzn' and all!   ...not a totaltarian fan of Viva, but I can't deny that it still hit the spot.
what a little gem of a place! I stopped there after shopping at the outlets for a late lunch. We had the Roasted Pork Butt, the Garlic Shrimp and a shredded beef empanada. The pork was mouth watering and full of flavor. My favorite was the garlic shrimp. Plenty of shrimp and garlic flavors bursting in your mouth! Can't wait to hit this place up again!
Wow. Omg. Wow to the garlic shrimp arepa. SO flippin good! I'm so mad I didn't get 2 lol. One star off bc the beef empanada I got was just ok and nothing special. I can't wait to go back already for more arepas!!!
Ay dios mio!!  This place is amaze balls! Tiny little pouches of yummy greasy goodness.  Its the PERFECT hangover food or if you're just in the mood for something naughty but different.  This little hole in the wall is right across from the OG.  If the weather is nice, take a seat outside.  I've had the shredded beef, chicken, pork, and lengua arepas and they are delicious!  Most people order 2 or 3, but I find myself full with just one...and of course an empanada. Service is fantastic and this place is usually poppin so plan to wait a bit for this little taste of Venezuela.  Definitely worth the wait!!
It's a little permanent booth that's open late. There are always happy customers hanging around. The food is really yummy. The first time I ate there it was on a whim on the way home. The next time and every time after was with intent. We've ordered a bunch of different items and everything was tasty. AND you can watch them cook your food. It may be just a little booth, but I wasn't worried that I'd get sick or see the place closed due to a failed health inspection because you can see everything they are doing in the little cooking space. I recommend it for good fast, hot & fresh food.
All tho the place is on the corner of las Vegas blvd. It's worth standing outside. The food taste so fresh and service was excellent.  price for what u get is a steal !!
I love food stands and this is a must try place.  The service was great.  It was freezing and windy the night I went, and the nice vendor told his clients to wait in their cars and that he would bring it to us.  You don't have to go to a fancy restaurant to get 5 star service. The food was interesting.  It was my first time having arepas and I got the hot Lengua Arepas (tongue)  and a cold Reina Pepiada (chicken avocado--**their most raved about arepas**).  Get the green chile sauces..it enhances the taste. They both come in the grainy textured corn bun (similar to an english muffin).  The Lengua Arepas is a little messy because of the oiliness of the sauce. I actually liked the Reina Pepiada more because of the fusion of the cilantro, mayo, and avocado marinating the shredded chicken.  You have to at least try it out once.
This place doesn't look like much but its worth stopping. I came with a few friends which I'm very happy about since I was able to taste a few arepas. I tried the shredded beef, shredded chicken, tongue, pernil (roasted pork) and the reina pepiada (chicken and avocado mix) 
I can't say which one was my favorite since they were all amazing. Each one is about $5 and I was pretty full after eating just one. 
If you are in the area this is a must stop.
Le girlfriend and I loved the arepas the Venezuelan boyfriend of our friend made for us at a get-together, so we were excited to try these well-reviewed ones. However, we came away a little disappointed.

Perhaps the biggest positive about this place is the amount of crap that gets stuffed in the arepa. It's like a mini meal, even for a big, strong, Fabio-esque guy like myself. The flavor is decent - we had a hot shredded chicken arepa and a cold shrimp arepa. The tastes certainly weren't bad, but I felt that there was nothing special about them. The sauces available at the tables are really good, though, and one is super spicy, so BE WARNED. 

We also tried a sugarcane drink, but it doesn't compare to Asian sugarcane drinks - this one was very tamarind-y, but at least it was cold and refreshing in the hot as balls day.
If you have never had a Empanada before, like me, you will be in for a tasty treat. I had one stuffed with ham / cheese/ black beans/ avacado. It was a serious party in my mouth! The Chef Felix, is the nicest man and he is always there with a smile on his face. If you are down by Dino's, Las Vegas BLVD & Wyoming, stop by and get yourself one of these incertible treats!
I have been to this food stand downtown several times over the last year and I have never been disappointed.  I always order at least two arepas, but that is always too much food for me because they are NOT stingy!  All of the drinks they offer are delicious, my favorites are the tamarindo and passion fruit.  The black bean and cheese and reina pepiada arepas are a must try.
This is so amazing.  It is a little shop on Las Vegas Blvd.  There is no indoor seating, and you must sit outside.  The food is outstanding.  I always order the shredded beef arepa and the black bean and cheese  empanada when I come to vegas.  Their sauce, especially the green sauce is sooo good.  Would recommend you coming here.
Really tasty street-side food. The arepas are made with light, fluffy dough that could be quite addictive. My tamarindo was great, too - not too sweet like some are. 

One word of warning - the arepas are big, so only order 2 if you are famished.
My first Arepas and is was Viva Las Vegas good!

I had to try this place after reading Craig R's review.  I've never had an Arepas before so I was looking forward to trying it.  This place is a stand alone shack on the corner at the end of the north side of the strip.  Seriously its a shack, you cant miss it cuz it sticks out!!!  They have some tables set outside so there are places to for you to eat there.  Saw a few that just swung by and got it to go.   

An Arepa is a flat, round and soft patty made out of cornmeal, which is grilled, making it crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, and then it can be stuffed with beef, chicken, ham, cheese, beans, shrimp, and many more. These delights are gluten-free, and wheat-free.  Aside from arepas (hot/cold) they also serve empanadas and hallacas which are like tamales.

SInce I was having a really late dinner I decided to try 2 and got a #5 and #7 with a mango drink to wash is down.  I sat down and waited about 10 min and the guy brought it out. 

#5 Roasted Pork Butt  (Pernil) which is Slow Cooked Marinated Pork, Fresh Tomato Slices and cheese.  Damn this was tasty good.  Great flavored pork, tender and juicy.  The cornmeal was grilled perfectly with a crisp!

#7 Reina Pepiada which is Shredded Chicken Breast, Avocado,  Mayonnaise, Cilantro, Green Peas.  Was like a chicken salad as this was a cold version.  They look small but they are actually pretty big and was only able to eat half of this one as I was totally full. 

The guy told me about the 2 homemade sauces they have on the table.  One is green and a milder version but with a really good flavor.  I would buy some of this good stuff.  The red was obviously spicy and so I didn't really use it but it was good.  

This place may look questionable but let me tell you this is a great hole in the wall place to hit up when your in LV.  It's way off the strip so you wont have to deal with lines and strip prices.  They have great tasty food 

Eyes ~ Ok its on the corner and the seats are pretty much on the sidewalk.
Nose ~ Not much to smell when your outside and the wind whipping!
Ear ~ Cars cars cars!
Mouth ~ Damn tasty arepas!
Tummy ~ Stop stuffing more food mouth, I'm freaking full yo!
This place is very small but packs a huge flavorful punch to your taste buds! Made me an instant fan! I had the #1 carne machado, beef empanada & the coconut with cheese pastelito. I also tried the guava & cheese pastelito, that thing was amazing! I loved every morsel of all the good food I was able to try.
There are some places that are so good, and your eating something that is so good, that your brain turns off and you go into munching non-stop mode. I can't explain how much I love the food here. They got me on a 2x weekly stop. Cheap prices and excellent food in a food trailer/restaurant/takeout joint. I'm so hooked on this place that even writing this review thinking about the food again makes me want to stop writing, jump in my car, and get some arepas! And I might just do that. Keke. I'm not kidding, some of the BEST food in Vegas is here. OK, i'm going there right now screw it.
I love Arepas and while planning a trip to Vegas I found this food cart on Yelp. What a find it was. I had the #7 chicken and avocado Aprepa it was excellent! Trying to figure how I can go another time or two while I'm here.
This place made me so happy to have met up with my cousin, a local. Would have never even noticed it but it was the first suggestion off her tongue. Speaking of tongue, that was what I picked (to my companions' chagrin) and it was delicious. Try both sauce bottles!
Like a lot of words, I can't really pronounce it, but I can eat an arepas like a boss!  I had a bite of my co-worker's pork butt (hehe) and it was tasty, but so far, I plan on sticking with the pollo mechada.  The cold shrimp (#6) arepas looked pretty great too when I picked up lunch for my office.  This place is that unique little find: great food at cheap prices.  Don't be scared by the sketchy location and vagrants you see hanging on the street.  This place is too legit to quit.
The BF and I were close and needed some snackies. 

We ordered a pork arepa, 2 bean and cheese empanada and mango to drink. 

The mango drink was really good. It was not too sweet, fresh and refreshing. I coulda had a few of those since it was a hot day. 

When our order came it was the wrong order. We got one meat arepa and a bean and cheese arepa so we figured maybe she didn't hear the empanada part and perhaps got us a arepa instead? Oh well, we'll eat it anyways. 

The bean and cheese was yummy with flavorful beans. The meat turned out to be beef (unless my taste buds are wonky) but it was so tender and fantastic. Normally shredded beef is somewhat stringy, but not this. I normally wouldn't order beef but here I would definitely consider it. The arepa was wonderfully crispy on the outside and had some chewiness inside that was addictive. I can eat those alone even. Don't skimp on the mustardy hot sauce and the creamy sauce as both make the arepas even better, I think! 

Eventually I guess they realized it wasn't that they got our order wrong, we got someone elses order! The guy on the grill (I'm assuming is the owner) was apologetic about it and gave us 2 bean and cheese empanadas anyways which was cool of him. It was not what I expected at all. I was thinking more like pastry dough type empanadas, but the consistency was like the breading that is around corn dogs which lead the BF and I trying to figure out how they make it. These were tasty but since I'm a Hot Dog On the Stick fan, I'm definitely ordering just a plain cheese one next time. 

Now that its hot, it's gonna suck to come visit but I definitely enjoyed that meal and want to come back again soon.
I am in love with this place!
I have eaten lunch here 3 times in the past two weeks... Trying something new everytime!
I have seen several great reviews on this place, so I had to stop and check it out. A little stand in Dino's parking lot that cranks out food with lots of flavor. 

The first visit I tried the most popular item - Shredded Beef Arepa!
2 cornmeal cakes stuffed with shredded beef in the middle that was seasoned perfectly. They then give you a creamy cilantro sauce or hot sauce to put on... 
The creamy cilantro is the best! The sandwich appears small, but don't let it fool you.. It is filling... Thinking it was small, I also tried the chicken empanada! Yum.. It was so good, I kept eating it, although I was full. 

2nd visit, I called ahead of time to have the Hallaca  which is a mixture of beef, pork, chicken, rasins, vegetables, olives, and capers wrapped in cornmeal dough, and finally, wrapped in plantain leaves, tied with string, and boiled after. Top it off with the creamy cilantro.. YUM! Another great combination of flavors you won't experience anywhere else. I also tried a pastelito, the ground beef and rice.. another great choice. 

3rd visit, I went with a cold arepa, the vegetarian.. Lots of great taste, but very hard to eat. It kept sliding so I couldn't take a bite of all the flavors at one time. But the individual flavors did not disappoint. Again, very filling, so don't let the size fool you. 

All 3 visits the food tasted great, fresh and the service from Felix is fantastic. 
I plan to be a regular here.. It's that good!
Strange beginning to my debut here. The owner had stepped out when i arrived around 1pm on a Sunday, so i was left trying to order from the cook who doesn't know a lick of english (hello border patrol). He didn't understand "#1 and #2 to go, but he did say "let me call my boss" so he calls his boss who didn't answer the phone. Five awkward minutes later, i yell out "uno y dos and adios" and the cooking got underway finally. Oddly enough, he asked in English if I wanted cheese. Both the shredded chicken and beef were tasty, but the edge goes to the beef, although both needed more peppers and onions and the promised garlic wasn't too prevalent. The chicken was kind of mushy too. The cornmeal pancakes were the best part, so i will probably focus more on veggie stuffings which would let those shine through more. The hot green sauce had much more flavor than other green buttermilky stuff, but gotta use that lightly. The cheese was a good addition for 50 cents.
A small shack on the strip with about 5 tables on the sidewalk.  The arepas are about $4-5 each.  I got a hot beef and cheese and a cold chicken and avocado.  I loved the beef because it was hot/warm and the arepa bun was also hot and tasted good hot.  The cold one was meh.  The chicken and avocado was a good combo, but the arepa bun was like eating a corn tortilla right out of the plastic bag.  It needed some heat on the corn meal to make it softer.  I wouldn't get a cold one again, but the hot ones are really good and worth it.
For the first time I stopped by today for lunch and the chef was more interested in talking on the phone than taking care of the customers, 10 minutes  went by and still he wouldn't get off the phone so I took my 
business elsewhere.
Best Food Truck food I have ever had, best part, it doesnt move!  Its on LV BLVD at Wyoming across from the world famous Olympic Garden.   Easy in Easy Out, no lines, and talk about some yummy stuff.  I got the Pork style Arepas and it was absolutely Amazing!   I put the hot sauce the provide from a small ketchup squeeze bottle, as well as the white sause they gave me too.  A little of each for every bite.  I was so satified and happy, I almost fainted, from the heat of the day and my amazing food.  Latin food is in full swing at this little place.  I had am empanada after with chicken, it was deep fried, and super duper hot, I had to on up and see its yummy goodness and let it cool for a minute before I started on it.   This was a work of art on a plate, and tasted just as numby, yummy, get in my tummy!    Highly Recommended, with drink and two items $9 bucks.  without drink or second item, $5 bucks.   Its doesnt get this good normally for $5 bucks.  Come hungry, leave satisfied and happy!
I really enjoyed this place last night.  I admit it was a little freaky sitting on tables on the sidewalk with cars driving by, but the food helped ease my fear of being hit by a car.

This is one time that I wish I had gone with my gut and not ordered what the yelpers recommended.  I ordered the Reina Pepiada (an arepa with chicken, avocado, mayo, peas) and the pork butt arepa.

Pork butt was fantastic, totally would get this again.  Not fatty, totally tender.

The Reina Pepiada though, I'm not so sure about.  I'm not too crazy about staying in shape, but I feel like anyone who is concerned about their health wouldn't be eating this for dinner every day.  I'm glad I tried it, but I don't think I will order it from this point on.  Way too much mayo for my taste.

Overall great experience, come here for a quick bite.  If you have a date that doesn''t mind being in a non-romantic setting or be accosted by strange people on the street, this would be a perfect date spot!
Funky location, but yummy food! Tried the shredded beef and the shredded pork. I really liked the pork, my partner liked the beef. Both were yummy and each came with its own special sauce. Very tasty and a super deal. I can imagine this as a perfect hangover cure too. Luckily, that wasn't my experiece of it this time. I would like to go back and try more from their menu. Easy walk from the nearest Duece bus stop - North of the Stratosphere.
Blame it on the A-a-a-a-a-alcohol if you want, but the food this place puts out was like mana from heaven at midnight last Saturday night. We were leaving Dino's and a friend suggested we get Arepas, since I'd never tried them before. We got a beef arepa and a lingua arepa. When i tasted the yummy, cheesy, tender filling surrounded by the moist corn flour wrap I could barely put it down. I love that they leave the sauce on the side, so you can add it to your liking. The shredded beef was so tender and hearty. The lingua (beef tongue) tasted very similar to a slow cooked pot roast that had been shredded and sauteed with peppers and onions. It was spicy and the accompanying sauce made it even more so. It was delicious! It took some liquid courage to get me to try it, but now I'm hooked! I'm actually considering driving there on my lunch hour today (completely sober of course)! This place is a must try if you've never had an Arepa, or if you're close to downtown and hungry!
IT IS A MUST EAT PLACE. The food is AMAZING and really cheap and the guys are awesone. Sucks its kind of in a bad location but its worth going. Me and my gf got the shredded beef arepa and the number 7 I think, with shredded chicken peas and avocado. Everything was amazing so after we ate we went back and got empanadas. But those too were amazing and stuffed with beef and seasoned really well. I can't wait to go back.
Garlic shrimp
Bacalao
Reina pepiada
Black beans and cheese
Chicken and cheese
First time trying an arepa, and it was delicious! I tries the pork butt and it was moist and tender. The arepa was packed with pork. The bread was a little greasy, but I loved how it was crispy. 

I think this is the only place I have come across selling passion fruit (besides a boba shop), guava, soursop, and sugar cane juice. 

I will definetely be back again. Fyi, credit cards are accepted if your purchase is more than $10, otherwise it's a $0.50 fee.
First of all, I want to point out for the record to all my fellow mexican brethren and Mexican food lovers, a Venezuelan arepa is nothing more than a Mexican gordita! Delicious! I can't even tell you how many times we've passed this little spot on trips to downtown during Las Vegas trips past. I'm sure you've passed it a time or two if you are one of those people searching for the "Pawn Stars" pawn shop. Located on the corner of Las Vegas. Blvd. and Charleston Blvd not too far from the Stratosphere, this little shack should be added to your LV food agenda. 

Six of us went, and five of us liked it and this is what we had:

Reina peinada- cold chicken salad with a cilantro and avocado cream sauce dressing. A little bland for my taste, but enhanced with some type of salsa they had, it was perfect. Not spicy, but had enough kick to add extra flavor. My wife said it had beer in it, but I couldn't taste it......probably cause I had already been drinking beer.

Ground beef- unanimous favorite of my group. Perfectly seasoned. Didn't need anything. Hot, juicy and flavorful!

Pastrami and cheese- supposed to be cold,  came out hot, probably from grilling the arepa. Not bad, but nothing special I'd say, lose the pastrami and just get one with cheese all on its own cause that's all I really tasted on this one, and the cheese was good.

Agua de panela- sugar cane juice with lime. Picture looks more like piloncillo/panocha, brown sugar-ish. Very tasty. Reminded me of agua de tamarindo or malta which was probably the tang from the lime. Everyone in my group liked it but kept fighting about whether it would go better with tequila or vodka. Guess I'll just have to take both next time to test it out, all in the name of science of course! All in all 
 will have to come back to try other things on the menu. Ran in to a lady in line that was from Venezuela and she said she and her family love it and go there at least once a week because its the real deal
I would have enjoyed my first Venezuelan sammich more if I weren't so hungover.

Nonetheless, I still enjoyed the Turkey Pastrami & Cheese Arepa until the bread got soggy... and the view of the strip club across the street. I liked my friend's super loaded and savory Garlic Shrimp Arepa better though... I'll order that next time. 

- Ideal for a quick snack or to-go, since this little shack really is a glorified food truck.
- Plastic is accepted, but bring ca$h if you're only ordering one item, since all the arepas are between $3 - $5.
- I guess the juices are made from fresh fruit (yay!), because guava wasn't in stock the day I went (boo!)
- No clearly defined parking spaces - we parked right by the shack
- Misters out front kept our skin hydrated in the scorching heat
I have been wanting to try this place for awhile So finally the other day I hit it. Not impressed. It wasn't bad really but it didn't rock as very authentic. I love street food and this looked so third world street food I was pretty excited. Wasn't very tasteful, It was okay but Chicken and Pork were average. Cant say I have been to VZ but didn't make me want to go for the food. It was okay but not anything to behold.
I don't why people are so hype about this place. maybe because the hot weather makes me not feel good when I eat this.
I love this little establishment because the food tastes great and unique as there is no other authentic Venezuelan restaurants in Vegas.  The price is very reasonable and you wont find any place like it.  Their juices are great as well.  It gives you a feeling you are in the tropics!
better, more authentic venezuelan arepas than most i've had in the state.  mechado and pork butt were good.  my usual favorite, reinas pepiadas, had too much cilantro.
Growing up one of my good friends parents' were from Venezuela and his mom used to make us arepas. It had been many years since I had had one of these great meals because I didn't know where to find them, so when I discovered this place I was elated. I usually get the chicken as well as the bean, add avocado, you wont be disappointed!
Mmmmm, thanks Yelpers for the awesome recommendation! I can see this place being a go to spot every time I hit up Vegas now! This place is way off from the usual hang out areas, but it's worth the trip if you have a car, are willing to walk to bfe, or take a taxi to bfe (by Vegas standards).

I ordered the shredded beef with passion fruit juice to wash it all down. The price was really cheap ($4 for the arepas and $2.50 for the drink) and completely worth it. The arepas was super tasty (and I really want to know what the "bun" was made out of. It came with two sauces that I have no idea what they were, but I used them anyway. One was spicy and the other was creamier - I of course, went for the spicier one because it has more flavor to bust through the strong flavors of the shredded beef and added a bit of a kick to the food. So so so worth it. The juice was really delicious and not overly sweet.
I am sorry, but there is nothing wrong with this place. The workers are friendly. The food is great. It has outdoor seating (which may bother some, but not me personally). I got the food relatively quickly and I continue to come back because these people know how to make DELICIOUS FOOD. Honestly, you can order anything on the menu and you will be golden.
Perfectly situated right outside Dino's. Perfection!
This place is an awesome best kept secret! Who knew a little food truck would be so good! Super cheap too!
I have been reading about this place for quite some time. I've been wanting to drop by, but it's in a part of town I almost never find myself in. So last Thursday I got off work a little early and I asked the wife if she would like to try the place out.

Now let me preface what I am about to say by letting you know that I used to live in Venezuela, birth place of the wonderful arepa. I ate arepas every single day I lived there. Breakfast, lunch, dinner. Mid-afternoon snack. I've had them cooked on a griddle(traditional), deep-fried, and baked. And I loved them all. I cannot ever remember getting one I didn't like. My favorites order was "Dos arepas de pollo y un pepsi (pronounced peksi down there)" from La Areparia Diecinueve De Abril in Cumana. I'd stop there at least once a day.

That said, it was to my ginormous disappointment that last Thursday I had my first bad arepa.

Sorry folks, a  precooked arepa that's been sitting in a heating tray only to be tossed on the griddle at the last minute to be reheated is bad from the word go. Add to that mushy, bland pollo mechada(shredded chicken), and things don't get much better. The carne mechada (shredded beef) wasn't much better, or should I say not as bad. The jugo de parchita was watered down to the point of being almost indiscernible as passion fruit juice.

I promise, I really had high hopes for this place. Being the only Venezuelan restaurant in Las Vegas I was excited to try it. But as much as it pains me to say, Viva Las Arepas, I know arepas, and you are no arepa.
Mmmmm! they are so good and cheap, the best place to get good food in vegas is away from the strip . A definite must try if in Vegas you won't be disappointed.
I've been coming to this place every time I'm in the area.  Today I was surprised when I handed over my debit card and the lady told me that they charge an additional .50 for paying with a debit card.  In the past I always paid with a debit card and never had a problem.  Why in the world should I pay more for using my debit card?  Never heard of that before.  Only at the gas stations they charge extra and it's 35 cents.   I'm very disappointed about this new practice and won't be back again.  Totally obnoxious.
A great place to have lunch in Downtown.  Don't let the corner location deter you...it's really, really, ridiculously good food.

I love the #7 (Reina Pepiada), which combines avocado and cilantro, two of my favorite food ingredients.  The patty is always so soft and warm, the filling well-seasoned and plentiful.  My friend says the pork-butt is also delicious.  

We usually get the food to go, but it looks like they are building an actual restaurant on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Wyoming or Oakley.  Otherwise, there's a table (or two) on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd, and a couple of stools at the counter.  It can feel a little random, but also provides a good forum for people watching.  (Like who is ordering food at the Chinese food/donut shop across the street?)

The arepas are cheap, and I only need to order one because they're big!  Also, if you have an order of $10 or less, there's a 0.50 cent charge to use a debit or credit card.
I finally found a place with some culture and charm. It has that thing that's missing in Vegas; a place you can go to get one thing made very well. Viva Las Arepas is inexpensive, super delicious, and something you will crave once you try it.
Short review!  (will include an update in a month)

Viva Las Arepas!!!  Oh Viva Las Arepas!

Located on an unseemly street corner (Believe it was LVB/just pass Charleston - be sure to be on the look out!)  sits a tiny little 10x12 shack of goodness!

This past Vegas trip was all about exploring the local food scene outside of the main strip, and boy did we experience some delicious treats such as these Arepas!

Since it was simply a tasting... our part of 4 decided to share on one arepa... Reina Pepidas!  Yes... 4 sharing one......

Reina Pepidas is this arepa (corn meal bun toasted with savory fillings) that is filled with shredded chicken mixed with cilantro, avocado, green peas, and mayo..... just think of it as a chicken salad sandwich on steroids!

Super delicious!!!!!  The flavor of the cilantro and avocado coupled with slightly crispy buns of the corn meal made this a super filling yet delicious treat before actual lunch!  

Sauces comes with it too... I believe one of them is a delicious non-spicy cilantro sauce while another one is a spicy salsa that could potential knock your socks off!  Mixing all the flavors together will create a different yet awesome flavor that you surely don't want to miss.

Our party was looking at the pork butt arepa but since we were heading over for actual lunch, we decided to give it a try next time...

Is there a next time?  Hell ya!  They've done pretty well to a point that we noticed that an actual storefront is in the works just closely down the street... I bet it's going to be crowded when that completed...

But in the mean time, be sure to keep your eyes open for the little tiny shack that is on a street corner.... don't judge the book by it's covers.... you will be pretty amazed on what you find here at Viva Las Arepas!  Until next time Arepas!!!
Went here today. Ordered one hot( bean and cheese w/avocado) and one cold( chicken, avocado, mayo and peas) both were pretty good.  Everything seemed clean and fresh.  Overall, I wasnt super impressed but what do you expect from a small kiosk.  Not bad if you need a quick bite to eat.
A taste of Venezuela!  

I've been looking for a great place for an arepa in Los Angeles and have not found one.

I found this place here on Yelp and made it part of my agenda while my second in a week foodie trips to Las Vegas.

I highly recommend this food stand as these arepas are as good as I've had them in Venezuela.

They're moving in four weeks so look out for them at a storefront instead of a food stand on Las Vegas Blvd (the strip) closer to Stratosphere on the way to Downtown.

Muy deliciosa!
What can I say about Viva Las Arepas that hasn't already been said? 

This place is fantastic. Down to having a conversation with the owner (Felix) who will tell you the story of how this was his passion and his goal to open up an Venezuelan restaurant with his family recipes. 

This has basically been, my groups hangout since it opened over a year ago. It's addicting, even for those who typically don't consider themselves south american food conneisuers. The arepas, amazing, my favorite is the #7, it consists of a chicken salad type mixture, in the amazing cornmeal shell that completes the arepas. I highly reccomend having this with the spicy sauce, and with a mango drink. It helps cures hangovers, and hunger alike. I promise, whatever you order, you won't leave Vivas Las Arepas unsatisfied. Your tummy will be full and you'll have a bit of a cultural experience like any other.
Ever since it occupied the little corner on Las Vegas Blvd. and Wyoming Ave. (in between the Strip and Downtown, but closer to Downtown) some time ago, I was so curious about this popular little outside eatery (seats around the little space). 

I've had the # 2 chicken arepas- shredded chicken, tomatoes, garlic, onion (the hot filling one, there is a cold chicken filling one too, which is totally different) three times before writing this review. My husband's had the beef - bell pepper, onion, tomato, garlic, and the pork arepas- shredded pork butt, tomato slices, on two separate occasions- he said they are both so good, he is not sure which one is his favorite! Ok, I am addicted to these hearty venezuelan cornmeal sandwiches and at roughly $4.00 each, it's cheap eats meets hole in the wall, though there aren't technically any walls to speak of, haha. Just one fills me up. I keep forgetting to use the sauces, but they stand up on their own, so much flavor! On the weekend, if my husband asks "What are we having for dinner?" This place immediately comes to mind. 

We also tried the $2.00 empanadas, but these are puffy and deep-fried- more like a doughnut, different than Filipino ones (sweet dough, ground beef, diced vegetables, and raisins- more like a meal pocket)- which I prefer, guess it's a childhood thing, too. I'm curious about the drinks. I'll have to try it one day. 

Guess this place has done really well, though, because they are going to be opening up the former BBQ place down the street, the corner of Las Vegas Blvd. and Oakey. Not sure if they are keeping this little corner place, though. One time, my husband noticed that a couple from California was eating here, so I know that this place has gotten proper exposure in the Yelp world (over 150 reviews). The website still needs updating, as there are no sunday hours listed. Relax, take a deep breath, it's really open on sundays. Maybe the popularity changed their operating hours. You can also call ahead for Pick-Up if you don't want to wait for your food. The parking lot shares space with Dino's bar BTW.
*3.5 stars*

We checked this little food stand out after our friend raved about it and mentioned that it was featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.  

I ordered the Chicken (Pollo Mechado) Arepas and the Beef Empanada.  I ate the empanada in the car and it was definitely fresh and hot (so hot I burned the roof of my mouth on it) ;(   We waited until getting back to the hotel to have the Arepas.  Tip: make sure you have wet wipes and a lot of extra napkins....there is no pretty way to eat this bad boy!  While it was definitely flavourful, and filled with meat (you definitely get your money's worth), I found it way too filling. Also, by the time we got back to the hotel, the arepa had sadly gone soggy.  But the accompanying sauces were great toppers.  

Value wise - it's a great value. $4 for a whole lotta meat!  And only $2 for the empanada.  

That said, I almost feel bad about giving Viva Las Arepas a 3.5 rating, after seeing all the great reviews here.  I will definitely give Viva Las Arepas a chance again upon my next Vegas visit, and this time, I will make sure to enjoy my arepas right away.
Bigger does not always mean better. Seriously, why did they have to change things when they moved to a larger space, down the street?

Before my husband gave it to me, he said "Do you want the good news or the bad news?" Not a nice opener. He followed it up with the owner saying the menu was changed. I was so looking forward to getting my chicken arepa yesterday for lunch while watching my game on tv. Well, the chicken was totally different- I get grossed out when I am pulling out pieces of cartilege, then I finally took off the chicken and just ate the corn part. My husband's beef arepa was super salty, good flavor, but dang the saltiness was really high. He likes salt but he didn't finish it, so I threw it out (I can't eat that). 

On top of all this, the prices got higher. Such a disappointment. I don't know if anyone else feels the same.
I wanted to have lunch and try something different and Viva Las Arepas came to mind.  As I drove down Sahara, I was wondering if it was wise of me to go here today when we were having a sprinkling of rain and take a chance of sitting outside in 50 degree temperature or else eating in the car.  What a surprise to find they had moved from their small stand with no interior except for cooking and serving into their own strip mall store!  

Having read my good friend Holly's Yelp review, I knew I was going to get the pork arepa.  That and a can of diet Coke came to $4.99 plus tax--a great price for a good lunch.  After placing the order, the woman at the counter said they'd bring my lunch to the table and she told me to sit anywhere I wanted.

The sandwich came quickly along with three plastic bottles--one with mayonnaise, and the other two with their sauce, one spicy and one mild.  They're in mustard/ketchup kind of plastic squeeze bottles with the mayo in white, the mild sauce in the yellow container, and the spicy one in red!  Appropriate.  I tried some of the spicy sauce and I was hooked!

I wish I had taken a bit more time to really savor this wonderful sandwich but I snorted a few times and it was gone!  The pork was very flavorful and tender, and the arepas dough was cooked very well.  This was my first time having one but it will not be my last.  I have to go back and try some of the other things.  It's too good of a place to pass up anymore.  And now with an indoor restaurant, I won't stay away because it's over 100 out and I won't have to worry about a few raindrops on my head!

Viva Las Arepas!
Wonderful! The owner is super nice and happy to make suggestions. Food is ridiculously good.
Having driven by but for some reason never making my way to eat there when it was a stand, I finally walked into their new corner location at Oakey and Las Vegas Blvd. last night.

Truth be told, I don't know how arepas or Venezuelan empanadas should be so I can't review on authenticity, just taste.

We ordered the garlic shrimp arepas and a few empanadas - cheese, cheese & bean, and cheese & guava - along with fried plantains and the Agua De Panela to drink. The taste of everything was fresh and simple, the multiple sauces, including a cilantro/mayo, a perfect addition. I was expecting the food to be heavy and greasy but it wasn't!

With items from $2-$4 and a bright, clean interior, you really can't go wrong. Felix, one of the owners, was very nice and obviously takes pride in his food. 

I always enjoy a place were we can try something a little different that my six-year-old will like too. This fits the bill and it is within walking distance of my house!

If you want a quick, good bite to eat, forego the chains and drop by Viva Las Arepas.
It was really good u have to try the pollo a la brasa (grill chicken), an of course the arepa reina pepiada, pernil, pollo carne asada, this place is venezuela in vegas, i'm venezuelan so this place is a peace of my country on vegas
At the recommendation of Yelp Talkers, I went here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised.  (NOTE TO YELP, please fix the address.) 

I ordered some arepas, empanadas, and other goodies to sample with the office and took them back with me.  I loved the coating on the techenos (cheese sticks) and the empanadas.  The Arepas were overstuffed and packed with flavor.  Not a complaint but be aware the Arepas (corn pita) sometimes breaks apart and crumbles so dont try to eat in your car or on the run unless you are wearing something that can get dirty.

Also be aware that the menu on the website is not the same as when you get there so don't plan your order by number and call it in.

Mysty is right, the mango drink is superb and not to sweet.

The staff is friendly and Felix talks to everyone.  When it is busy, it isn't fast so be aware. It took me about 20 minutes to get my order.

I love me some Arepas
I had been meaning to check out Viva las Arepas for a long time now. I read that they recently moved to a larger location so we decided to check it out. 

Both my friend and I ordered an arepa de reina pepiada, a sort of chicken salad filling, with avocado mayo dressing and a meat empenada, since two arepas would've have been too much food. I also ordered a mango water, which was very refreshing and not too sweet. Both the arepa and the empanada were very tasty.

The foos in itself is merits a four star review, and although I am hsistant, I am giving them three stars becaus eboth my friend and I felt ill afterwards. I know a lot goes into getting sick from food, veryone's digestive system if different. With that said, I can eat anywhere and I've never gotten sick.

My friend seems to think it was the salsa they gave us on the side, she says it seemed a bit off, more vinegar-y than it should be. 

Regardless, as I said the food was really good so I am definitely planning on coming back and letting the management know about the sauce. I am sure it was just a fluke.
Love the new location...much more comfortable, and will be even more so when the summer heat gets here.  Tried the ribs and the chicken and both were awesome.  One star loss for the fries which were a little oily and limp, and the black beans which were a bit dry.  But the ribs and chicken were worth coming back for again and again.
Stick to the Arepas, stay away from the mixta plate for two. It seemed to be scraps of meat thrown together. We did not enjoy it at all. The Arepa we split however was terrific. Wish we would have stuck to just the Arepas.
NO LATIN TRANSLATOR NECESSARY!

It seems like everytime I go to any Latin restaurant, I need a real live Rosetta Stone for any questions I have. Either that or I need subtitles when an employee talks to me. LOL.

Anyways, back to my review. I have heard good things about this place from all my Yelp buddies so that alone is good motivation. I have heard of arepas but never actually had them. For those noobs like me, its a dish made of ground corn dough or cooked flour, very prominent in the cuisine of Colombia and Venezuela. So you can put two of them together with your choice of meat and other toppings. I ordered carne asada with cheese. I scarfed it down like a it was the last piece of food I will ever see again. They have other delectable choices as well but when you go to a highly recommened place, you get what is popular so their namesake lived up to the hype.

Service is awesome! They answer all the questions you have and even make suggestions based on what you are leaning towards. They bring it out to you where you sit with two ketchup bottles. One has a light green colored kind of sauce and the other has a light reddish tint to it. Both have different spices to it but the reddish colored one has a little kick to it. Not overpowering, but definitely gives your food that extra oomph that keeps your mouth watering.

As for their location, they used to be half a block up the street in a little taco stand. They are now on the corner of Oakey and S Las Vegas Blvd, just kitty corner to 7/11. Look for the weird Indian statues because they are neighbors with an Indian antique store.  I guess with their recent popularity, they moved to this spacious building. They have plenty of tables and chairs so bring your friends. Plenty of room.

The only negative things I can see is that the parking is kind of limited. The old Indian statues take up several parking stalls and the stalls are small to begin with so be real careful in parking and backing up. Also they charge 50 cents for using cards to pay for anything under 10 dollars. 

So if I ever make a trip to South America, at least I know what and how good arepas are. VIVA LAS AREPAS!
So Felix has moved the business to a brick and mortar store just a few stores down.  The little kiosk in the parking lot next to the diner or whatever is still open, but he manages both places now.  It took two years from when he first set up store at the kiosk til he opened up his sit down restaurant.  That's quite respectable.  I could tell that Felix was still working out the kinks, but despite a long day of managing and teaching his employees, he still provided us superior service.  

The upgrade to five stars is not only for the service, but I am now very impressed with the reina pepiada.  Often times when I get it, there is a lack of flavor.  This is thus far the best one I've tasted in the States.  Also cachapas con queso, which was my second favorite thing in the meal.  The cornmeal shell was actually sweet, and I really like sweet and savory combinations.  Also we got the tostones (but they called it something else) and the yucca fries.  The tostones were a bit over fried, but at least my husband was ok with that.  The cachapas were initially over fried, so Felix brought out a second one on the house.  

I really like supporting small businesses, esp ones that provide such good food and service like this one.  We will definitely be back to try everything on the menu!
I went looking for this little gem after a night out downtown.  We stumbled up right around closing time, but the staff were still really friendly and accommodating.  I didn't even bother looking at anything on the menu besides the arepas.  I mean, it's called Viva Las Arepas right? Not Viva las other stuff on the menu.

I got the pork arepa.  It was savory, cheesy, ridiculous goodness between two moist cornmeal buns.  This place makes me wish I had four cow stomachs so I could physically put more arepas in my body.  The arepas look small, but I think they're perfectly portioned and definitely satisfying.
We were told by a local that this was "the place" in Vegas for Arrepa. But not after dark, and ignore the bars on the other buildings around...

We meandered down early in the morning (for vegas standards) so we decided to enjoy a little brunch. We had a couple of the arrepas and learned they are definitely too messy to share very well. But they are huge!! The fried plantains (not tostones) were ok, they needed a little more caramelizing for me!

All in all, i'm thinking i'm not really an arepas gal...  which is a bummer.

The location although weirdly in the middle of the strip, but walking distance from the Stratosphere, is very cute and the staff - family owned - is really friendly and don't rush you in your decisions!
We were confused when we got here.  We had no idea what an arepa was, but we enjoy trying all ethnic foods.  This was our first time trying Venezuelan food.  

Based on the staff's explanations of the food, we decided on several items.  The first item that we tried was called the Reina pepiada.  This arepa was loaded with shredded chicken, avocado, mayo, cilantro, and green peas.  It was pretty tasty, but I liked the other 3 items better.

The second item was garlic shrimp.  As the name says, the arepa was filled with garlic shrimp and it was delicious.  The third item was Lengua.  This arepa was filled with beef tongue, bell peppers, tomato, onion, and garlic.  It was yummy.  The last item was the Pernil arepa.  It is roasted pork butt inside.  It was marinated just right, and it was my favorite of the four items.

The location is not great, but the staff is really cool and helpful.  I recommend giving them a try.  We will be back.  

Oh, and another plus is you can go to Luv It Custard for dessert cause it is located really close by!!
Stopped here for lunch while running errands.  Ordered the carne asada arepa, shredded chicken empanada, and a taqueno(home made cheese stick).  The arepa was awesome.  The corn cake like outside was crispy and they stuff it with your choice of meat, lettuce, tomato, onion,  and cheese and avocado are extra.  The empanada was made of the same corn dough, the chicken on the inside was good.  The taqueno was the corn dough wrapped around a stick of mozzarella and then fried.  

Everything was very good.  Will be back to try some different menu items like the chicharrons and yuca frites.
Why is there so much rave about this place? I stopped by here on the way home today and got myself a carne asada arepas. It tasted like the kind of food I'd get at a mexican food truck on the side of the road - delicious but the flavor is because of the fat and oil. I felt pretty gross about myself after eating my arepas. This isn't the type of food for me and I think I will pass on this from now until t = - infinity.
I heard a lot about this place but didn't get to try it until recently. They used to serve food from a little small stand on the side of the road but they have now moved into a brick and mortar restaurant on the corner of Wyoming and Las Vegas Blvd.

The restaurant itself is nice and clean, but the location is easy to miss if you go there for the first time. By the time you see the restaurant, you probably will need to make a roundabout just to be able to get into the parking lot.

Anyway, I've only tried three things at this place: rib eye steak, pork butt arepas, and asada arepas. I know that it's strange that I go to an arapas place and ordered steak, but they had a special rib eye steak for $10.99 and I was craving for it (LOL). Even though the meat wasn't high quality, the fire grilling and seasoning brought out great flavor from the meat and their side dishes were delicious. 

For the pork butt arepas, the meat was too salty for my taste. Also the corn shells/buns were too oily. The asada meat was alright also. 

So what's my verdict? If you haven't tried arepas and want something different, I think you should come by and give it a try. For me, it wasn't bad but at the same time it wasn't that good for me to come back on a regular basis. I will probably stop by the next time I'm in the mood for steak during lunch or want to try something different.
Great food. I love the Arepas, they are all good. Go get some. Now. Seriously right now go eat! You'll love them.
Viva Las Vegas? Nah, Viva Las Arepas!

A couple of buddies told me about this place and how they have cheap yet satisfying food. My cousin and I took a trip on a Tuesday afternoon for some grub. The restaurant is located on the left when going north on Las Vegas Blvd on Wyoming. The place is quite clean and large with tables and booths.  

There are pictures of their food items posted all over the restaurant. Those helped with familiarizing myself with their food items but didn't help in the sense for me to choose what I wanted since they all looked so delicious! 

After reading Yelp reviews and getting a recommendation from the girl behind the counter, my cousin and I decided to get the Reina Pepiada. In between two warm cornbread slices, there was shredded chicken breast with avocado, mayo, cilantro and green peas. The consistency was almost like a chicken salad. I was a little thrown off with how warm the cornbread slices were and how cold the chicken concoction was. But I got past this in a hot minute and chowed down happily. 

We were given a red bottle (spicy hot sauce) and a yellow bottle (mild hot sauce) to have with our arepas. A little sprinkle of some hot sauce (I like the spicy but the mild is good, too) with each bite is key to elevate flavors. And a side note, don't be fooled by the "small" size of the arepa. This little baby fills you up. I walked out of there overly stuffed. 

To wash it all down, we each ordered a fruit juice. What's cool is that they let you try samples before you buy one. My cousin ordered the guava juice and I ordered the mango. I expected the juices to be a little thick, but they weren't. Very refreshing and not too sweet. Doesn't taste artificial. I think I will end up craving their mango juice during the hot Vegas summer months.

If you find a silly Asian girl chanting "long live the arepa!" here, that's me. If you find a female Asian bum on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Wyoming with a sign that says "will work for arepas," that's me, too. That being said, you all get the point. Go get some arepas!
I don't think I've tried authentic Venezuelan food before trying out this place. But I have to admit I don't know how much I'd like it after eating here! It made me fall in love with Venezuelan cuisine! 

When I came it was just a food hut on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Wyoming, but now I hear it's actually branched out and opened as a restaurant just a walk away from it. I guess it has turned into a hot dog stand now. 

Anyway, you can get both cold and hot arepas. They are decently priced, ranging from $2 - $5 so obviously you can't just have one! But before you go all crazy and order everything off the menu, let me tell you they can be quite filling! I would suggest two of them and an empanada constituting a full meal. I've tried the Roasted Pork Butt with tomato slices - FANTASTIC, beef tongue arepa - FANTASTIC times 2, and the Reina Pepiada which is chicken breast, avocado, mayonnaise, and cilantro - not as good as the beef arepas, but still tasty. I have also tried their empanadas. Really really good. Make sure to try the arepas with the special sauces they have for you to use. 

This place overall is the best place to go before a night out downtown for a quick, inexpensive, and absolutely delicious meal.
Thank you Yelp, and all the reviewers!, for helping us find Viva Las Arepas.  This was an awesome experience.  We will be back every time we visit, or even pass by, Vegas.  What a gem.  Everything was delicious.
The place is great but the tequenos are horrible!!! the arepas are ok, they don't have any yellow cheese or salty cheese to put on the arepas or the patacones. Very disappointed. Viva Las Arepas you have to offer queso semiduro!!! or at least cotija or feta cheese, something salty. I used to eat my plaintains with queso semiduro in Maracaibo so here I replace it with cotija. I am very disappointed.
Love this place!! The garlic shrimp arepa and fried plantains are sooo good!! The ribeye steak was a very generous portion for the price! 

Will definitely be back soon and recommend it to my friends!
Second return trip and now at their new location across the street from their former food stand!

This time I met one of the owners, Felixm and I ordered the same shredded beef arepas and this time a Polar (Venezuelan) soda.

Great looking location and still wondering why it is not packed in here. This is truly Las Vegas' hidden gem. 

Venezuelan food is one of my favorite cuisines and something that is lacking in Los Angeles -- or I just don't know where to get great arepas other than at Coupa Cafe in Beverly Hills. I've had Columbian arepas nearby my place, and it just didn't hit the spot.

My aunt ordered the Venezuelan empanadas this time, but were lacking flavor and bland.  Everything else about the empanada was great and wished the filling had more flavor. This empanada was unlike the many varieties I've tasted -- Filipino, Argentine, Bolvian (all each very unique). 

My aunt tried the new wood fired beef arepa and she said that was also very bland -- hopefully they'll kick up the flavors in the empanadas and wood fired beef arepa. 

Until then, this five-star review is for...

... the shredded beef arepas!

This is just how I remember having it in Venezuela, along with the ham and cheese arepas I would have at the airports in Venezuela for breakfast.

Definitely go eat here while in Las Vegas and order the arepa de pabellon (shredded beef)!  

Total comfort food here... we even brought a bunch of arepas back home to LA to share with the family.
I loved this place when they were in the lil hut up the street..Got my favorite the pepiadas arepas..its like a lil chicken salad guacy mayo combo loved it..everytime,,and the sliced pork butt with tomatoes and add cheese is just as good.Even liked the corn cheese quesadilla tasting one .Havent ventured too far off in menu even though I want to try the chicken...So glad these guys came up with this new restaurant because they seem friendly and all look like this arepas place is working as it's always crowded...Definatly TRY IT...
I came here because I saw it on the Vegas Seven magazine and wow!, In my opinion this place sucks!. When I took my first bite of the carne asada arepa, I almost threw up! The meat is horrible, tasted old and stale. I also ordered a cachapas de queso and that was ok. The fried plantains, though on the menu it says the cost is $2.00 it really cost's $2.49 and they were not ripe either, tasted more like tostones. About the only eatable and decent thing here for me was the yuca.

In the end, we ALL have different opinions and palettes, so I suggest you still come and taste it for yourself. I, however will NEVER be coming back....
This was my first taste of Venezuelan street food. I'm happy I have it a try. This joint is located right next to Stratosphere so it's easy to find. And great that they opened an actual restaurant versus just operating out of a food truck. The gentleman behind the counter were all smiles and willing to recommend an arepa for first-timers. 

I had the pork butt arepa with cheese, chicken empanadas and fried plantains and passion fruit juice. This came to approximately $15. Not bad for the meal.

I didn't expect the arepa to be so heavy. Imagine an English-muffin like sandwich stuffed to the brim with your meat of choice and cheese. The bread is made of corn flour.  It wasn't bad, but adding their homemade sauces gives it full flavor. The empanada dough was thicker than I'd like but the meat again had a lot of flavor. The plantains were simple. Fried bananas. But it's blandness helped cut the richness of the arepa and empanada.

I admit I couldn't finish the whole thing and I felt as if a boulder was in my stomach when leaving. But Viva Las Arepas was an experience and I urge you to try it. Authenticity is served here.
They've moved! Across the street from their previous location and a huge upgrade from the shack.

I've never had Arepas before but now I crave it all the damn time after this place. It's a mix between Pupusas and Empanadas, but the masa is completely different than flour. It's crispy and mealy - so perfect. Also, it's stuffed like a sandwich, with lettuce, tomatoes, sauce. So maybe it's more like a burger? Regardless, it's the best.

Our group were fatasses and totally ordered for a family of 12 when it was only 4 of us. But we got to try everything so it was worth it. 

My favorite arepas was the Reina Pepiada and Roasted Pork Butt! Can't go wrong with either. The shredded chicken empanada was good here too.
I stopped here for lunch today after having my car serviced and I have to stick with my 5 star review from before.  The gentleman who took my order was really friendly and answered my questions about the drinks.  

I ordered a Reina Pepiada, an arepa made with shredded chicken breast, avocado, mayo, and cilantro.  I also got a coconut and cheese pastelito for a dessert.  For my drink, I had asked the clerk about the Malta Polar, a Venezuelan soda, made with molasses instead of sugar.  He said he liked it and I gave it a try.  It was tasty--a bit strong--but it was curiously refreshing.  Wait, that one's taken!  It was very good and it was a good accompaniment for lunch.

When he brought my food, he also brought the three squeeze bottles of sauces.  The red bottle--this is a nice spicy sauce that gave the arepas some kick.  The yellow bottle had a spicy cilantro sauce and this too had a kick.  The white bottle had the mild sauce, but it was OK.  I tried it and then went back to the premium grades.

Coconut and cheese seemed an odd combination to me, but I love coconut, so I had to give this a go.  What a pleasant treat!  The cheese mixed with the coconut had a symbiotic relationship and they went well together.

I guess I'll just have to make it a more common experience to drive the few miles from my car dealership after service and have lunch here!

Viva Las Arepas and Viva Las Vegas!
Had to stop in after seeing the Woof Fired Grill sign out front.

Had the half chicken with rice and beans.  Fantastic meal.  Chicken was cooked perectly and the smoke flavoring was something new for me.  Ate the entore serving of chicken.  The rice and beans reminded me Cuban black beans and rice.  Arepas rice included some veggies, I belive fava beans and green bean, nice addition.
place is neat and clean. Arepas were good and the grilled chicken is got to be one of the best deals in town! not sure about the ribs...go to Lucilles for those. the drinks were amazing! i was told that they are opening a gelato place soon next door. About time for some good gelato place
I came here for lunch with the fiance. First time having Venezuelan food or Arepas. 

The food was excellent! I got a wood-fired beef Arepa with cheese and avocado. I ordered avocado, but the cashier must not of heard me. When I got my order I noticed there wasn't avocado. I went up to the cashier and he let me know he didn't charge me for it. I was content with not having it, but he insisted he correct it no charge. They promptly fixed it and brought it to my table. 

I also got the home-cut fries and the sugar cane with lime drink. The fries were seasoned well and cooked great. The drink was good, a different taste, but still good.

My fiance got the wood-fired chicken Arepa and it was equally as good. She tried the mango juice drink they have and it was amazing! Definitely wished I got that over the sugar cane. 

All-in-all, definitely would like to go back and try other options. Excellent food and great service.
Husband and I went here for the first time. The food was really authentic and delicious. The prices were reasonably low; and the place and bathroom were clean. The only downfall is the area in which it is located due to safety concerns. But overall, I will return for the food.
Don't want to sound like a typical LA snob, but after coming here, I've concluded these may be the best arepas in the area, but they're not the best I've ever had. 

I ordered a guava and cheese pastelito, pork butt arepa, and mango juice, which ended up being just the right amount of food. 

Unfortunately I had pastelito's mixed up with the Cuban refugiados, which are flaky, delicious pieces of puffy pastry heaven. Although these were freshly made, I would take a refugiado from Porto's in Burbank over these any day. The pastelito was a small, dense, sadly unflaky pastry with a piece of solid cream cheese on one side of the pastry, and very sweet guava jam on the other.

As for the arepa, it was great and I was definitely happy, especially with the delicious green sauces, but the arepa itself just seemed a little one note; I really had to drown it with sauce to make it flavorful. I've had arepas before, at a small shop in Orange County called Mil Jugos, and those had much richer, more complex flavors. 

However, these are pretty delicious and the price is right. I'm definitely going to come here again and try the other flavors of arepas, as well as the empanadas.
Updated Review: I was virtually addicted to the amazingness that was once viva las arepas.   
 
So arepas moved to a new location. Beautiful building, inside seating. However,  it's missing crucial elements now. Such as the friendly conversation with the owner,  freshly made arepas, and the genuine feeling of warmth. The last few times ive been there its been a completely different experience,  leading me to seek out new places to get a bite to eat late at night. It just baffles me that less than a block of distance can so greatly affect quality of a place that had the potential to be a vegas staple.
I've been a fan of this place since "the old days", when Felix ran the stand and would try different recipes, giving away free food many times. I have to admit that the place doesn't feel as "personal" now that it's a real restaurant with a store front, with many employees that don't necessarily know what they're serving. Having said that, I think the food is as delicious as ever. Even if Felix isn't making the stuff himself, he runs a tight ship, and the quality is maintained. I think it's the best tasting, and certainly one of the most interesting, restaurants of its category!

Be sure to check it out and experience it for yourself!  The Reina Pepiada is my all-time favorite!!
Every foodie has a checklist of things that they want to try.  Being from a smallish city there isn't a plethora of Venezuelan restaurants.  Thats why when i discovered Viva Las Arepas, i was excited.  I will admit that it can be overwhelming walking into a restaurant with a different culture than your own.  I was unfamiliar with many of the ingredients, however, the staff was very helpful.  I ordered the shrimp and my sister order the pork.  The texture of the bun was unlike anything i had tried in the past.  It somewhat resembled an english muffin, but the sides were griddled so they were super crispy, and the inside was supple.  I got mine spicy, and got it topped with avocado, just incase the heat was too overbearing.  The whole package was just wonderful.  Now anyone would fear eating something and then noticing a mystery ingredient suddenly appear, which happened to me.  After closer observation, there were two bonus chunks of lobster, which i will welcome anytime.  
Overall, i loved my lunch, it was flavourful, authentic, and very inexpensive.
No longer a food stand, Viva Las Arepas is now a brick and mortar restaurant.  I'm glad for it.  It gets hot in Vegas and this food deserves to be eaten year round.  They've added a lot of things to the menu...most noteworthy being a variety of grilled meats and some fantastic side dishes.  Have had the pork ribs, rotisserie chicken, rice, and hand cut fries.  They're all fantastic.  The arepas continue to be amazing as well.  
You really can't go wrong.  My quibble with the food stand was underseasoning.  This no longer seems to be an issue.  Everything is fantastic.
This place is a secret little slice of food heaven. Everything they make ia amazing. My love is for the Shrimp Arepa, then pork, then beef. My 5 stars should speak for themselves. So happy to see them grow from a tiny shack, across from the titty bar, to a legit building (took over the asian bbq on the corner, in the old tower records shoppibg center)They need a food truck. Hear me, Arepas? FOOD TRUCK!
I think I need to come back here and try more things, but for their signature item - arepas - it is a-ok.

Right off the bat, I thought of In-n-Out for presentation. Flavor-wise, I think this is ironically where it fell on its face a bit. I had both the beef and chicken arepas, no cheese. Lots of cilantro mayo and hot green sauce. The chicken was dry. The beef was MOSTLY fat. I probably just got unlucky here. I ate maybe 20% of it before I put it down pre-cardiac arrest. I do like the corn dough/arepas. Definitely has a pleasant flavor. But hey, what doesn't after it's fried?

Like I said, I should probably come back and try their garlic shrimp and maybe an empanada. Until then, this is definitely worth trying but keep some modest expectations.
Viva las.......Vegas.
As for the arepas, well there's always pupusas. 
 I've tried the arepas once before when they were selling them from the little shack on Dino's parking lot and they were kinda good but nothing I would really get addicted to, so when I found myself in the shady neighborhood looking for other kind of addictions I decided to give arepas another try. Service is good, they were friendly and very patient with me while I read both menus one in English and the other one in Spanish, the one disadvantage of being bilingual, (or drunk) you read everything twice.
 The new location is nice, spacious and clean, but the booths are kind of small you can literally take a bite off the persons arepa seating in front of you which could be good thing depending on who you're with, so if you're not interested at all in counting your companion cavities pick a table for more personal space. There's also a long communal table along the window with a view to a beautiful 7-11 and other independent entrepreneurs working around the area. you can eat and do some window shopping at the same time.
  For the food I ordered the garlic shrimp and the pork butt arepas, the shrimp arepa was very good but the garlic flavor was very intense,(still present 5 hours later) and the pork butt was a little too salty and there's nothing I hate more than salty butt.
 Still,  this is a very popular place and most people find the food here tasty and palatable, as for me I don't see myself waking up in the middle of the night craving arepas so if you see me late at night around the neighborhood, arepas is not what I'm looking for. 

#clean
#good service
#ok prices
This casual restaurant serves Venezuelan fare including its signature arepas. Orders are taken at the counter and the food is delivered to the table along with 3 bottles containing different sauces. We each ordered the reina pepiada arepa - an interesting take on chicken salad made with shredded chicken breast, avocado, mayo, and cilantro. It is served between slices of flatbread that are made with precooked corn flour. We enjoyed the arepas, but I am not in a rush for a repeat. 

A rating of 2.5 would seem to be most appropriate.
Pork Butt Arepas = 5 Stars...the rest of food is a solid 4 stars.

There is something wonderful about arepas after a couple of beers...in fact in those moments Viva Las Arepas might garner 5 stars from me!

Most of the items here are good...such as the empanadas, meat w/ 2 sides, etc.  Still, like the name says, I come here for arepas.  The arepas are not just good for Vegas arepas, they are downright good arepas period.

I still miss their old stand there was something beautiful about getting divey at Dino's, grabbing an aprepa, and then finishing things off at Luv-It custard.  And while you can still walk all three of those, the ambiance has certainly changed still Viva Las Arepas opened and actual restaurant.  The interior of the space is now somewhere between a Roberto's and a Baja Fresh...there is plenty of seating, but it's not a place I want to hang out at.

Get a couple of arepas, or better yet share several items with a friend or two...the prices are nice here, so order a little more!
All the hype surrounding this place is warranted. The Reina Pepiada and Shredded Beef were damn good! And the dude slinging these treats was super friendly and welcoming. Will buy again. A+++++++
The best arepas I've had outside of Venezuela and they're fairly priced (precios solidarios). The only arepas I've seen in San Francisco are $10.75. I used to eat here when it was a food stand. The owner Felix is a great guy, despite being an esqualido. Nobody is perfect. I'm very happy that he has a restaurant now. I wish him much success.
I had never heard of an arepa and never would have thought to venture to this little spot as I don't drive along this street. But based on a few yelp friends reviews I ventured. I am glad I did....
The place is small, but seems pretty clean. It was definitely crowded at lunch time. The service was excellent as the woman taking my order was helpful and the woman who brought me my to-go order made sure we had all we needed. 
The only thing was while waiting for the to-go order I felt I was in the way. 
The food was great. I got the shredded chicken arepa and it was great... The melted cheese with tomato and all was great. I also picked up a pork butt arepa, carne asada arepa and a shredded beef empanada. They were all good with the carne asada chopped up for all the flavor but our favorite of the three was the pork butt as packed full of spices! 
We were both very full and thoroughly enjoyed the meal! Glad I ventured
The man that took and made my order was very nice. Service was fast and there was seating outside the food stand. There were some birds that kept getting closer and closer trying to get free food from me; I just told them to go away. I looked like a crazy person talking to the birds, but I didn't want to share my arepas!

This food stand literally sits on a corner. It's kind of scary because it is Downtown, but I went around noon, so it wasn't too bad.

The arepas were good! I got the shredded beef. Beef was definitely spilling out of the bread pocket. It was moist and flavorful. They also sell canned sodas. 

I definitely want more, I just need someone to go with me next time.
If you're down in Vegas you need to try this its a little past stratosphere and crazy good. I got the carne asada arepa and added avocado and cheese. delicious, I will definately be coming back here when im in the area
Generously stuffed Arepas, unless you're really hungry, one should satisfy even the most hungry Las Vegas gambler.  Friendly service, a clean environment and air conditioning greeted our party of 4 on a hot July evening.  While there were not many patrons at the time, we knew we were in for a treat as Viva Las Arepas had been listed in the recent "Best of Las Vegas" article, it did not disappoint.
Almost missed this place driving by, but found our way in.  There was a short wait which is always a good sign.  I had the shredded beef empenada and the chicken, avocado, mayo, cilantro arepa.  The portions appear to be small, but they fill you up!  I could barely finish both.  The food is delicious and definitely a menu that I want try all of.  The service is also quick and friendly.  Even though we ordered at the counter someone came to our table to make sure everything was ok.  Will be back for more.
Best arepas I have ever tasted. Went with the pulled pork and cheese and the beef and cheese. It was incredible. Very juicy meats and moist, tasty, corn cakes that had the essential griddle crunch on the outside. 4.50 or so per arepa-- take advantage of it. Cachapas were also very flavorful and slightly sweet.
Viva Las Arepas is great! Deliciousness, a great value and friendly service... can you go wrong?

They have lots of options for carnivores, herbivores, omnivores and everyone in between. The garlic shrimp is yummy and so is my basic stand-by, beans and cheese (with added avocado!). For side dishes, their fries are deliciously crisp and their fried plantains are awesome as well.

On our last visit I tried the cachapa for the first time, which was like a really yummy, salty-sweet, corn and cheese pancake or crepe. I am kind of craving one right now.

The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because I once found a hair in my reina pepiada arepa, and that was gross. But everything else has been great and we have brought visitors here with great success. Viva las arepas!
Just like a lot of places, I decided to try it out because I couldn't pick up a Vegas publication without reading something about this place!  I'm not sure what an Arepas was and how to pronounce it (nor do I even now!) but I can tell you it's wonderful!

The location is right across from another gem of mine, Luv It Frozen Custard on Oakey and LV Blvd.  Not sure how packed this place can get, but parking could become a problem.  I visited Saturday afternoon and didn't have too many issues.

So back to the food... I would describe an arepas as almost a Latin gyro sandwich.  Where you have a pita bread pocket stuffed with delicious meat.  You have several fillings to choose from, all of which are only $5!.  They also include a bottle of garlic sauce and hot sauce which helps add to the flavor of this pocket of tastiness.

All I know is I'm coming back here this weekend.  Just like how I refuse to have fast food that is not In N out, I most likely won't go back to Taco Bell in Vegas ever again!
Warning to everyone: this location is in a pretty shady area of the strip. So if you're feeling the late night munchers, I'd suggest going with other people. I went with a few yelpers around 10 pm and I was still fearful for my life when this bum haggled us for a dollar. Thanks to Angela H. for making him go away!!! 

Ok with that being said, I can now move on to the real review.

So after the CMYE 51s game, a few of us were still feeling like fatties since baseball food is gross and unfulfilling. After a list of places (Tacos El Gordo, Triple 7, this other taco stand that Anthony M. mentioned which I forgot the name of), we decided on this place. Rolled in about 10 minutes before closing. The workers were not annoyed to see us right before closing. Props to them because I would be irritated seeing people strolling in right before closing. 

The arepa I ordered was delish. It reminded me of a tamale but in sandwhich form. It was packed full of meat and vegetables. Definitely more meat to vegetable ratio, but still a good thing. The bread (or masa or whatever its made of) was flaky and buttery and the meat was tender and cooked just right. Came with a bottle of cilantro mayo sauce thing and some hot sauce. Both made the arepa even more tasty. I could have easily finished mine if it weren't for the beers I drank earlier. 

Definitely a good lunch spot or late night dinner spot if you are in the area. Like I said earlier, just be careful when you get out of your car.
This place is A-ok. Their arepas are not the best I have had all around but it's pretty good.

I must say that I had trouble finding this place! They had recently moved across the street from their previous location, which is now a hot dog stand, when I first visited. I had to call and ask them where their new location is.

When we got there we ordered all the popular items listed on yelp. The food was decent but not amazing.

Their service is great though. So for that I give them 3 stars. My experience wasn't bad nor has it been amazing that I would want to go back for more.

If you've never had arepas, this is a perfect place to try them out!
We ate here on our last day in Vegas. We'd passed the I heart Arepas sign every time we made our way up and down the strip. After we returned from our Hoover Dam tour we marched here from the old strip. It was delicious. We had the shrimp and chicken arepas, with a few drinks. What a great treat in the middle of the desert.
At the moment I'm going to rate 3-STARS only because not only is this my first visit to VIVA LAS AREPAS but my first AREPA.  "Don't judge me, I'm a AREPA VIRGIN"

Before the upgraded location I would pass the stand at least 4x's a week.  But it never called out to me: "c'mon dee, you know you want to try one, just one.  pull the car over dee, you won't be disappointed" Needless to say that conversation never happened.  So the other day I was watching Triple D and Guy Fieri was at a restaurant named VALENCIA LUNCHERIA and the chef made REINA PEPIADA.  I can't lie, it looked so delicious my mouth to started to water (stop laughing).  So I told myself that I will make a trip to VIVA LAS AREPAS.  I'm not quite sure about this, but I think they've been here in Las Vegas for at least 5yrs.  It's VEGAS, longevity does not come easy in this town.

OK, so enough of the introduction to this review, let's get to the REAL:

I order the REINA PEPIADA w/ a side order of handcut shortstrings.

I promise no disrespect to the Venezuelan culture, this reminds me of a TORTA. I didn't say it taste like a torta, its just reminiscent of a torta (its the san diegan in me)

FOOD:

AREPA
shredded chicken breast w/ avocado and cilantro, accompanied w/ a creamy cilantro dressing and salsa.  the AREPA itself is grilled to a light brown, giving a nice crust w/ crunch.

the chicken breast is mixed together w/ the avocado and cilantro. (creamy chicken salad style)

super light and dense, nice crunch when you bite into it.  the chicken is not under/over cooked nor seasoned.  perfect amount of spice, topping the AREPA w/ the salsa is the KICKER.  OMG, the salsa by itself delicious, it has the kind of heat that does not hit you right away, the heat kicks in at the back of the throat.  Mmm, Mmm, Mmm that shizzy is FIRE!  the creamy cilantro dressing I did not dress my AREPA w/ it for the avocado covered that for me.


FRENCH FRIES
i will pass on these, maybe because I got it to go my fries were soggy.....ok, no that's not going to work for me.  I'M JUST SAYING there is another well known establishment that offers handcut fries and they always make it to the house w/ crisp. 

Arepas are reasonably priced, the most "expensive" arepa on the menu is $6.00 (Shrimp and Garlic arepa).  The fries are nothing fantastic, there are alternatives to the fries: fried plantains of fried yucca root.  There are other things that I would like to try on this menu, so I will be making a couple of more visit to experience the other Venezuelan delights on this menu.
 
SUN -THU: open til 10pm
FRI-SAT: open til MIDNIGHT


TRY THEM OUT, I'M GOING BACK ;-)
Delicious! I'm vegetarian. I got the vegetarian arepa with cheese. It was sooooo yummy. I will go back EVERYTIME I goto Vegas.
The best Arepas that I have ever had, be it that they are the only Arepas that I have ever had. I recommend the Cachapas with shredded beef its an up charge as its not on the menu, but it is a great blend of sweet and savory!!
Ever since eating at Caracas arepa Bar in. NYC I've been on te hunt for good arepas in and surrounding Los Angeles. I'm very happy to say I've found another spot I know deem worthy in Las Vegas.

I was even happier to discover this is the same establishment that was once a small stand outside the neighboring bar Dino's. 

You've come a long way and do not disappoint. The arepas are delicious and filling! Good sauce too. The decor isn't anything amazing, but this isn't the kind of place where it really matters. The restaurant was packed with what I'm assuming was mostly a local crowd since its a little off the main strip. 

All I can say is there is now a quick and easy place for me to grab a bite that will compete with my outstanding craving for Capriottis. 

Good job guys! I can't wait to come back.
Venezuelan food for lunch... Arepas in the following flavors carne asada (2), carne mechada (1), frijoles negros & queso (2), pernil (3) and camarones al ajillo (1)... Plus soda (5). Under $50. We needed half of this food, it was delicious but so filling for 5 of us.  Our favorite was the wood fired beef and the pork.  Next favorite was the black bean.  

We didn't care for the shrimp.  It was good quality shrimp, but the combination just didn't work for us.  I think we were just used to having beef, pork or beans in this type of food.  

Heavy, filling food.  If you have never tried Venezuelan food, this would be a great place to start!
I found this place through Yelp (thanks, guys!!!), what a gem!

This place is a great option if you want to avoid the "typical Vegas" experience. Heck, this place is a great option if you're looking for real, good food. The servings are huge - the arepas are a little bigger than the size of your fist (I guess that depends on how big your fist is). The ingredients are fresh and the flavor is super robust! My mouth is watering just thinking about it. I ordered the garlic shrimp and the vegetarian arepas. My boyfriend, who's half Venezuelan (and he's even been to Venezuela) said that he thinks the vegetarian one is the best one he's ever had. He even wanted it as his last bite after he finished his chicken arepa. We also ordered a side of plantains and some passion fruit juice - both of which were sweet and scarfed down. A patron also told us that the fries are delicious - fresh cut like In N Out's, but better.

Felix was a pleasure to talk to and order from. The pricing is extremely reasonable ($4-$6/arepa), and we only needed 2 each to fill up before our drive back to LA. We waited a little bit for the food to be ready (clearly, I need instant gratification), but it was definitely for a good reason. The parking lot is small and shared with other stores, but we were able to find a spot for lunch; despite the small parking lot, the restaurant is spacious with plenty of seating. I hope I pass through Vegas soon, so I could get some more!
OMG, my significant other has been keeping this place from me.  I love the No. 7 Reina Papaida but everything we tried was fabulous.  Felix is very friendly and the staff always happy to explain the menu items.  I don't know how they make their Arepas but they are soooo good.  I have now been about 4 times in just a month or so.  The price is great too, only 4-5 dollars for one arepas.  The first time I went I ordered what turned out to be a feast but now I know better and keep it simple 1 arepas, and an empanada.
Small Venezuelan restaurant that serves arepas: small bread pockets filled with delicious meat and veggies. The arepas are delicious and surprisingly filling; I usually get the pork butt and it is juicy and flavorful. This place also serves amazing woodfired chicken that can be ordered as a 1/2 chicken combo or as a whole chicken. The combo comes with 2 sides of your choice. I usually get and would recommend the rice and fried plantains. 

The owner has been featured in the Weekly and works as the head chef in the kitchen. He sometimes will come around to greet diners, but I have seen that happen less often now that the lines have gotten out of control during the lunch hours here. I'm craving some arepas now as I write this review...if you haven't been here yet, I highly recommend it!
Great food. Have to go back to try more.t
I guess you already know - this place has some delicious food.

I eat these arepas on an annual basis - and it's consistently awesome, even through the transition from the tiny walk-up stand/shack to its new restaurant location (on the next block over). I had never been to the physical location before, and decided to check it out this time. My friend and I got to the restaurant at like 11:58PM and they close at midnight (oops), but Felix welcomed us warmly and insisted we eat there as opposed to getting it to-go. We both wanted the reina pepiada arepa, but they only had enough for one so he gave us an extra beef arepa and the cachapas for FREE! After I ordered I asked what a 'pastelito' was, and when our food came out, he brought out an order of the guava pastelitos...for FREE. That man is so dang NICE.

-Wood-fire beef arepa ($5): Really good meat - I like the shredded beef better, but this wood-fire technique is apparently new? Good savory flavor but I personally like the shredded texture better - less meat falls out with each bite.
-Reina pepiada arepa ($5): I normally dislike mayonnaise, but this is sooo good. The chicken+cilantro+flavors+avocado are like the best chicken salad you've ever had.
-Cachapas ($5): Never had this before, we loved it! thick gooey cheese between SWEET corn pancake thingies. They weren't tortillas - more like thin cornmeal pancakes, and were sweet. Sweet and sorta salty from the cheese. So. Good.
-Guava and cheese pastelito ($2): Reminded me of wontons but filled with guava jam and chunks of chewy cheese. Again great flavor - sweet from the guava but savory from the dough and cheese.

Everyone working there was so nice - we definitely were the last people in the dining room, and they didn't rush us at all even though Felix told us when we left he had to be back there at 7:30 the next morning! I felt so bad but the overall experience was seriously awesome. This is for sure on my list anytime I go to Vegas.
I've tried this when it was still the stand outside and it was awesome. Decided to try this before going to Art of Flavors on a date night around town (Dinner and Dessert in the same lot! WINNER!). Upon going in I noticed it was a different menu. A bit of a bummer, but oh well. The guy behind to counter was very nice and helpful. He confirmed that they did indeed change the menu to give it a new feel. He also helped us out by telling us what was the most popular orders. We ended up just getting the pork butt arepa because we were a bit full. All I can say is they still got it! Still fresh, flavorful, and just delicious. I'll definitely be going back when I'm in the neighborhood.
Hubby and I stopped by one lazy Sunday night, our last night in town.  We were both still full from a late lunch so we ended up only ordering 1 arepas, the flame grilled beef, and a cachapas.  

We took it back to our hotel room and chowed down.  The cachapas definitely would have been a lot better hot.  But then again...it was only a 10 minute drive back to our hotel - how quickly should I have to eat this thing to capitalize on maximum deliciousness?  I love how corn-y it tasted but with the hardened cheese in between, it became somewhat less palatable.  Also, it's sweet so prepare your mouth for that taste profile.

Hubby ordered the flame grilled beef arepa.  On first bite, I wasn't convinced it was better than our usual spot out here.  But when he gave up on it, I took the 1/3 he had left and nibbled.  I have to say the sauces and veggies inside were surprisingly good.

The arepas are definitely a good size and one will probably fill you up pretty well.  I'm glad we got to try it, at least.  The guy who took our order was very nice and gave us the delicious sauces which tasted better with the arepa than the cachapa.
I have been coming here since they were at the smaller location. I was afraid that the food would loose some of the quality when they added the chicken and so much more to the menu. I was wrong. Still amazing still delicious and great service. This place is my go too place when I'm short on time it's fast and great for your pocket what's not too like.
The place is cute and clean but my 1st disappointment was at the moment we walked in.  The owner, yes the owner himself, was everything but nice......very serious, not warm or kind at all, almost rude.  I thought it was very strange that an owner handled customers like this. 
 Then when we got out order, my arepa was the blandest I have ever tried! - even with all the filings!.  I ordered the wood fired chicken with cheese arepa, but honestly, it was not good at all.  The dough had no taste, the chicken didn't taste like wood fired chicken but like boiled black meat chiken, and only only one slice of cheese not even melted.
This is the second time I go, and wanted to give it a chance bc I didn't like it the first time either, but I got convinced:  this is another of what I like to call a mediocre restaurant.
Colombian arepas are a trillion times better!
And Business Owner! - be more friendly! or don't deal with face to face customer service because it looked to me you have no social skills!, which is fine.....but then don't do it!
We were meeting some friends at the Stratosphere and decided to stop by here since it was literally across the street.  The parking lot was tiny and somewhere you don't want to be walking around alone in at night, but the small sit down restaurant was simple and clean. We ordered the grilled chicken arepas and black bean and cheese empanadas.  The food took almost 20 minutes to come out and it wasn't that busy around 5:30 pm on a Friday evening. The arepas look kind of small, but they were much bigger and stuffed so we really didn't need the empanadas!  The cornmeal breading was so yummy and the grilled chicken, lettuce, tomato and cheese was really good. They served their hot sauce and another sauce with cilantro/mayo on the side which were good complements but not necessary with the arepas.  The empanadas were greasy and only half filled on the inside, but tasty.  Didn't have any room for the guava/cheese pastelito, but would love to try it next time!
OMG new spot to get some delicious Venezuelan arepas!  I have never had one before so I really can't compare arepa to arepa, but these little guys are so delicious for about $5 a pop!  Cheap delicious eats!  So happy that Anne L. introduced me to this place.

Here is what we tried:
1. Reina peplada: the most popular.  Chicken, avocado, mayo, and cilantro.  Served cold.  What is not to love???
2. Pork butt: it is delicious with cheese added!  Soft pork, sorta like a pulled pork sandwich.
3. Woodfire beef: with tomato, lettuce, and onion.  Tender beef with all the veggies.
4. Garlic shrimp: fully loaded and can be served hot or cold. 
5. Fried yucca and pork rinds: this was surprisingly delicious!  I was scared about eating pork rinds but they went well with the yucca!  It's like interesting fries :)

Some other notes:
- bad area but nice restaurant.
- right across the street from Luv-It's Frozen Custard!
- the sauces are amazing
- the bread is toasted and yummy

Can't wait to come back and eat everything here.  Haha.
Riquisimo! Te lo recomiendo Los pastelitos, la yuquita frita. 

Very good food. Everything I delicious! You have to try arepa Pelua!
This place was a little piece of home for me, the cachapas were great and every item on the menu was as it should be I ate 3 meals here in two days, the service was outstanding, The owner  was there and was about as pleasant a person as I would want to meet, accommodating and totally helpful, the only thing that was missing from my meals were a few Venezuelan "Polar" Cervezas. 
 I had Arepas, chicharron, yuca frita, cachapas, Pabellon, and we even were able to order some Hallacas to go...yes I know thats a lot of food, but when its this good and it is this hard to get Venezuelan food, you get it when you can.
 Felix was awesome, the food was awesome, the experience was awesome and I will make sure to stop there again.
1 - 5 scale
Food 4
Service 4 
Location 3 but clean and friendly

Get the wings! The ham an cheese was really good and the fries were huge. 

I can't wait to try the roasted chicken after I noticed wood for the oven they have hidden in the back. 

This is a great place if you need to experience new flavors and take in a little culture.
I literally dream about this place. If I lived in Vegas, I would be here weekly. On a 4 night Vegas stay, my girlfriends and I visited here twice!

I got the vegetarian with maduros added, the guava empanada and the passion fruit juice. Literally the perfect meal.

There is nothing bad to say about this place. Stop reading reviews and go already!!
OH MY GOD!!!!! What an amazing place. I am soooo thrilled to have found this on yelp and tried it! This is a must for anyone visiting Vegas PERIOD! I had the Reina Pepiada arepa.. and almost died!!! I also tried the pork, beef balck bean and cheese and they were all astonishingly good. I wanted to try it all. In the week that I was there I found this place the last couple of days before leaving and managed to go three more times! I also hadall  the pastelitos and my favorite was the cheese and coconut. Read the inspirational story behind the chef and owners story it was heart warming. PLUS you must go the the sister Gelatto store next door.. also break taking desserts!
I woke up this morning and all I could think of was AREPAS! I asked people where this place is at since all I know is that it's close to Olympic Garden. I used my GPS to help me find this place and brought me to Art of Flavors. Where is this place? Ah, it's right next door to Art of Flavors tucked in the corner.

After a yummy experience from an arepas foodtruck, we got garlic shrimp arepa, pork butt arepa with cheese, Reina Pepiada arepa, wood fire chicken arepa and fried plantains. They have more options here compared to the foodtruck which is not surprising. The prices are about the same. But the arepa itself is less toasted and is heavier than the foodtruck version. The cilantro sauce is equally as good, this place's spicy/red sauce is spicier. I had to try their guanabana juice to compare it to what I had when I was a kid. 

Garlic Shrimp Arepa:
No tomatoes or veggies, just straight up garlic shrimp. I liked this a lot especially with the cilantro sauce which elevates the garlic flavor of the shrimp.  5/5

Roasted Pork Butt:
Comes with tomato slices. Add cheese. In case you didn't know, pork butt = pork shoulder and not the actual butt of a pig. Tasty pork. Both the spicy and cilantro sauce work well with this. 4/5

Reina Pepiada Arepa:
Cold chicken with mayo, avocado and cilantro. Tastes just like the one from the arepas foodtruck. A much better version of a chicken salad. 5/5

Wood Fire Chicken Arepa:
Really flavorful chicken with tomato, onions and lettuce. 4/5

Fried Plantains:
I love this stuff. My mom would fry some plantains for me as a snack when I was a kid. So simple and easy to make yet it tastes so good. The natural sweetness of the plantains come out when you fry them in high temperatures. Eventhough they could have gotten rid of the excess oil, I still like these things. 5/5

Guanabana:
AKA soursop juice and in Filipino, guyabano. This tastes like concentrate mixed with lots of sugar and water. I couldn't taste soursop. 3/5

After that meal, we headed next door for dessert. After dessert, I decided to come back here so I can try the chicharron with fried yucca. Shawn tapped out as I was enjoying chicharron and yucca. All he said to me was "I can't believe how you're still eating."

Chicharron with Fried Yucca:
The chicharron wasn't the same crispy fatty pork I was excpeting. The yucca was good with the cilantro sauce though. It was as if I was eating garlic fries. Yum! 4/5
These Arepas are a good size.  The green sauce is so tasty.  The price and size for what you get is definitely worth it.  I will be back!
Big selection of arepas, tried the pork butt and shredded beef. Service was a bit slow as the cashier chatted with guest in front of me for 5 or 10 minutes since they couldn't decide what they wanted. Food came out quickly after I placed my order though. The pork arepa was pretty salty but had a good flavor. The shredded beef had a sauce on it that was super tasty - wish I asked for some more on the side to dip in. Fried plantains were good, but a little oily. All in all I would return or suggest to anyone who enjoys Latin style food.
Viva Las Arepas has it all.

I prefer restaurants with fresh ingredients, new and creative flavors, served by an attentive staff in a convenient location. This is Viva Las Arepas all the way!

I don't know how they do it, but everything I've ever had here is amazing. The only problem is that I struggle to order anything new since what I've had before is already so hard to choose from. 

The fries and black beans are really great, and they offer generous portions of each for only $3, great for sharing.

The Arepas of course are the specialty, but I don't think I've seen an entree there that didn't look great.

Unfortunately, the location is a little bit sketchy for some, but I look at it as their loss. Yes, it's not the nicest area of Las Vegas, but it is right near downtown and a convenient stop before heading to any of the uber-trendy bars in the area.

Priced for lunch, Viva Las Arepas might be the best value for food in all of Las Vegas. I don't know anywhere else that offers so much fresh, amazing food for under $10.
This place was on my bookmarks since it was the shack down the street. What the heck took me so long? A well deserved 5 star review worth every spec of red you see on the YELP website! 
They have a variety of Venezuelan style dishes. Of course the most popular being the Arepas. You can get chicken, beef, vegetarian, cheese, corn, basically there will be SOMETHING you will like. They also serve fried plantains, delicious black beans, empanadas (literally the BEST empanada I have ever had), and chicken cooked on the grill fresh to order. A half a chicken and 2 sides is only $9! 
Our table tried a little bit of everything and all of us were extremely happy. Every single thing was fresh and above par. The only thing I didn't get this visit was one of the rare juices. I think I will try the fresh sugar cane with lime next time. 
The service was better than average. The lady behind the counter helped me with all the food that I had no clue how to pronounce and also answered my questions in detail. The chef was walking around the entire time making sure things were clean, and patrons were happy. 
This place deserves to be on the top 20 MUST TRY in Vegas spots! Without question!
I finally got to try this place! I know of it's rave Yelp reviews and was excited to try it when I saw it offering a certificate on restaurant.com. I put the address without the suite # and was routed to the wrong place by Maps, but the Yelp app saved the day. It's next to a gelato shop & some trashy club wear place. Very sketchy with a couple homeless people, including a man in a wheelchair offering my husband $1 for 2 cigaettes. Unfortunately, my husband had to tell him it was a vape and not a cigarette. 

The restaurant itself was very clean and happy with its yellow walls. The employees were all very helpful. We ordered quite a bit of items and there were no problems accepting our certificate. We sat and the owner brought our order out to us directly. 

We had:
Wood fire beef with cheese: 5 stars. This was our favorite! Very flavorful beef with stringy cheese, tomato, and lettuce. 

Pulled pork with cheese: 4 stars. Juicy pulled pork that tasted smokey and tender. My issue with the arepas that I received was that not all the shell things were toasted equally. Some were crispy and would hold up and be buttery deliciousness. Others were more soft, but ended up becoming soggy and tasting like a mushy corn texture. 

Reina pepiada: 4 stars. It is an avocado chicken salad. It was yummy although missing some texture.

Garlic shrimp: 2 stars. This was my least favorite by far. The arepa for this one seemed very corn mealy? It wasn't toasted very much and got soggy quick. The shrimp are tiny little guys that you'd probably find at red lobster in their pasta. Also, pretty bland. 

Grilled chicken empanada: 2 stars. I've had empanadas made by my friends from Argentina, and it's all about the shell thing. This one was super thick! It was like eating an arepa with only a little bit of filling. Just way too carby for me. The grilled chicken in it was yummy though! I'd like to try it in an arepa next time. 

Fried plantains: 3 stars. Not my cup of tea. Kind of slimy in texture. If they were fried in oil, I couldn't tell because there was no crisp, but because they are called fried plantains, I will assume they were doused in oil, which make it not worth the calories. 

Guava & cheese thing: 4 stars. Way better shell than the empanada and yummy guava with cheese. I wish the cheese was more melted but when I bit into it, it still looked like a solid block. 

Overall, I would stop by again if I'm in the neighborhood. Perhaps I'd ask for the arepa extra toasted just to make sure there aren't any soggy ones. I definitely want to try to the grilled chicken. I appreciate this small business and the love the put into their food. I fortunately, there were just some issues I couldn't overlook. Until next time!
Next time I'm in Vega I'll certainly be stopping here again. I was in my hotel room searching for a cure to my hunger pains when I ran across rave reviews for their pork butt arepa. I dragged my friend here so I could try it out, she ended up trying to the chicken. I was so greedy I had to try 2. 

The pork butt and the chicken/mayo/avocado arepa were on my list to try. The pork butt hands down was my favorite. The other was very fresh and creamy a very good just not what I wanted after scarfing down the delicious pork arepa. 

The service was also great. The guy running the register took his time to answer all my questions and even make recommendations as to the best sellers. I'll be looking for an imitation in LA to hold me over until I return.
My heart sank down as it dawned on me that you are 6 hours away.. I miss you. You fry your plantains to perfection and I want more. For breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Your Reina Pepiada (chicken/mayo/avocado/and that cilantro dressing - add their house-made salsa on top) was heartwarming. The vegetarian arepa was just as delicious.. I freakin' ate it for breakfast with your house made cappuccino for Pete's sake. Even the bean and cheese empanada was amazing! 

Okay, seriously though - from chatting with the guys that worked the late shift on Saturday I found out that this was a small food truck that proved its cute self to be delicious. Since it was that fantastic they were able to move into a place at the end of a little strip mall on the old Las Vegas strip... What more do you need? I will be back for you Viva Las Arepas, don't miss your Utahn fan too much ;)
love it. love it love it.
Great food at inexpensive prices...one of the best ways to fill up for under $10!

I've tried quite a bit of goodies here, but I will talk about my favorites!

Wood Fired Beef Arepas ($5). Love the smokey flavor in the meat...it's delicious! I think their wood fired chicken and beef are my favorites here...chicken is a dollar cheaper.

Chicharron and Yuca Frita ($5.99). Delicious! Well done fried pork, with very flavorful fried yuca...imagine a very flavorful starchy french fry! Yummy 

And the Reina Pepiada ($5): Chicken Breast, Avocado, Mayo and Cilantro.  This is delicious and works so well together.  I love pouring their hot sauce all over this beast!

And I ALWAYS finish up with Art of Flavors next door for dessert!  Even if you can't eat fresh homemade gelato, order a Spiced Hot Cocoa and you WILL thank me later :P

I will be back...many more times!

Pics :
Pork butt Arepas was delicious!! Plus the sauce in the bottles that they provided goes very good with it. Been to Vegas many time, but never knew about this place. It I nice to come to Vegas and be able to find great tasting food off the strip. 

Place is clean and staffs are friendly. I would definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Wow. Thank you Yelp reviews! I can't remember the last time I was this satisfied by cilantro and avocado. The Reina. Yes. Do it. The staff. Yes. Adorable. Welcoming. Great kitchen staff. Food was fast especially when I was just waking up on my day off, thy welcomed my pup on the patio and gave lots of extra sauces without me having to beg or pay. Next on the agenda, the pork butt. Do it. Enjoy yourself. Totally affordable, 4-6 bucks an arepa (fills you up), cheap cans of pop, horchata, $2.50 apps and huge sides. Great location near those of us locals in the art district and great for those drunk tourists on the north end of the strip. Park behind the building on casino center if you don't want to loop around the one ways. Really. Do it.
This was by far the cheapest and the BEST thing I ate over 4 days in Vegas -- even better than dinner at Bouchon. The people working were incredibly helpful and nice, the restaurant was clean, and the food came quickly. I will definitely head back here the next time I'm in Vegas.
No. No.... And no. No to the chicken arepa that is served cold, like a chicken salad full of mayo shoved inside two English muffin-esque buns. I made a very bad choice with that one.

Tried the plain cheese arepa as well. Meh. Seriously, it's English muffins stuffed with things! Sorry. I can't get on the band wagon of Yelpers that love this place.

Restaurant itself is clean and tidy. Service is great! 

Food is obviously not my cup of tea. My friend had the beef arepa. I wish I had gotten that one... Hummmpphh.

Prices are kind of high IMO. Maybe I'll try it again. Time will tell.
Everything here is great!  The arepas are amazing...especially with the spicy sauce or cilantro mayo which come in squirt bottles so you can add as much or as little as you'd like.  If you haven't had an arepa before... it's a small fried dough pocket stuffed with your favorite filling...and the filings here are spectacular!  

My personal favorites are the pork or the shredded chicken with cilantro mayo.  So delicious!

The wood fired chicken is also amazing here. So much flavor in both the meat and the skin.  I like to have mine accompanied with fried yucca and plantains.  

Stop by for a quick, delicious, cheap lunch!  Any time I'm north strip...viva las arepas is always a consideration!
This is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas to eat! The food here is AMAZING and it's a real hidden gem of Las Vegas. All of their foods from their empanadas to their arepas and even their wood fire chicken is spectacular. Their food is all full of flavor and every time I eat here it's a treat. Their prices are very good and the service is always wonderful. I've been eating here since they were a tiny sandwich shop with outdoor seating and now they are a full sit-down restaurant up the street. I look forward to eating here every time I go and I always tell friends about the place too.
A regular haunt of Friday-nite Aruba Swings patrons a few doors down, Viva Las Arepas fueled dancers needs for good food and energy. Having been both to their old shack location, and their now storefront location, their arepas are wonderfully delicious and filling. The guy at the counter always laughed at (with) me when I ordered since I can't pronounce it right, but I get the veggie arepa and the cold arepa with chicken and avocado. The wait isn't long, and they make it when you order it. Better than fast food! Try their mango and passionfruit drinks too!
We went to this place because of the high review. 
Ordered the pork butt Arepas and the Shrimp garlic Arepas. Also some plantains. 
Also one of those lemonade drink. 
I have to say the pork butt one is better. Shrimp garlic one is actually served cold. I was quite surprised. Food is a bit on the salty side. Again, I don't think the food is excellent. 
Plantains are good. Lemonade, however, is not that great. 
Another thing to keep in mind is that this is in the ghetto neighborhood of Vegas. 
We went there for lunch and felt a bit off when we got there. 
And we had to leave quickly after some weirdo came into the restaurant, sat across my wife and kept on staring at her.
Fancy street meat. I love street meat. This was my first experience with an arepa, so I let the gentleman taking my order, order for me. He suggested the garlic shrimp arepa ($6) and cheese empanada ($2) and shredded beef empanada($2.50) and I had him throw in an order of yucca fries. I had a ton of food for mere $15. The arepa and yucca fries were my favorite items. Oh, and you have to wash all of this goodness down with soursop.
. Had the chicken arepa and beef empanada. Both were hot and very tasty. The sauce in the yellow bottle was the kicker for me. Looking forward to my next visit.
Really clean and inviting atmosphere, service was nice and happy to answer questions and offer good suggestions. We got a few of the arepas, wood fire chicken, shredded beef, reina pepiada. all of the arepas were great, want to try more next time. Had chicken and beef empanadas. we enjoyed all of the food we ordered, really filling. Can't wait to go back again and try more of the arepas.
A group of friends and I stopped by here after a long road trip. Suffice it to say, we were starving. We each ended up getting the chicken arepas, not being too adventurous as that is the #1 slot on their menu. I thought it was pretty tasty, although the meat was quite dry (confirmed by my friends as well). Prompt, nice service. Will have to try something else next time around!
Great prices and good food. Arepas can be tough to find! I've only had better in nyc so I'm happy this is in Vegas!  I even had some trouble finding it in LA. The area and surroundings seem a little sketchy but they keep in clean and well organized inside. 

Their arepas are small but filling. It's great when they keep it simple.
I never had Venezualian food before but I enjoy a food adventure.  The arepas are a real treat.  I split 3 different ones with my friend and loved them all.  The woodfired beef and chicken had a slightly smoky flavor that complemented the arepas.  The sauces add more latin flavor.  I definitely will return!
Do yourself a favor and order the Reina Pepiada. 

We came in on a Sunday before noon and the place was quiet. The staff took considerable time explaining the dishes including making recommendations regarding adding cheese or avocado. I found them both cheerful and helpful.

We tried the following...
Arepas:
Chicken
Pork
Reina Pepiada

Empanada:
Guava (and mozzarella)

Drink:
Soursop
I always stop here whenever im in Vegas, its a MUST. However, ever since they moved into their restaurant across from their old location, I feel as if the quality in the food has gone down somewhat.
If you've never had an (Venezuelan) Arepa give it a shot.  It's kinda like a taco in a split open pita.

They have a free parking lot (bonus) !
Pound for pound one of the greatest spots in all of Vegas. In the hallway that runs beside the kitchen is stacked wood that they use to grill the chicken, and when you taste the chicken you are instantly knocked out by that amazing smokey flavor. It's a marvel of simple, perfect, pure flavor. The arepas themselves are equally great, especially the pork and chicken (IMHO). Be careful though. You will think you need to order two or three because they are so cheap, but you won't be able to finish even a second. They are STUFFED with ingredients, and the masa-based dough is mighty heavy. These are gut bombs of the highest order. You'll be hard pressed to find a greater value anywhere. Food this impeccable should not be this cheap.
Wow!

Something new to myself, never tried anything quite like this and I'm glad I had!
This place has grew over the years to this new massive location and I can see why, Viva las Arepas is consistently busy! Must be the lovely little handheld Arepa that keep attracting this crowd of gastro daredevils.

Looking at the huge menu it's hard to decide from all the tasty choices, and simple ask of what's popular to the cashier will leave you satisfied. By recommendation I got the wood-fired shredded beef arepa(with cheese *A must!*) and a shredded beef empanada while my guest decided to go for the chicken breast with avocado and cilantro arepa. Omg these savory little corn meal sandwiches are awesome! It has deep flavors that keep you wanting more, everything taste so fresh and homemade not any of that frozen precooked junk that gets passed off on the daily from something so widely known. They also have one of the best hot sauces that I've tasted in Vegas, the suttle spice and richness of the sauce reminded me of La Vic's orange sauce for all you Bay Area folk, and a creamy cilantro sauce to cut the spice if it's not for you!

I will definitely be back here, although for the actual size it could be kinda pricey $4-6 depending on filling and +.50-1.00 for avocado and cheese. Empanadas was $3 for a decent size, they usually have some sort of special going on just pay attention to the small signs near the register! Viva!
Awesome, original,great flavors!  Empanadas were amazing and prices were great!
We were looking for a new adventure and hadn't tried the Venezuelan twist on food so we took this place for a spin!  
AWESOME!!!
Then as we were leaving  we stopped in the ART of Flavor gelato store a door or two down and had the most amazing Gelato store I have found since I visited Italy!  
Two thumbs up!!!
Cost: $11

Finally decided to give the most reviewed place on Yelp in the neighbourhood a try. 
Wasn't disappointed.

The Arepa was delicious (but only after adding the spicy sauce). 
The empanada was a bit too thickly coated in flour for my taste, so I'd say it was okay. 

Definitely recommended.
Would you believe I keep wanting to get here and yet keep missing it?  I finally found where it was but had just eaten so we will have to wait till next time
Reina Pepiada is my favorite arepa!  Moist and delicious.

Not expensive, very filling! 

I would pass on their empanada.
Great find! Had the beef arepa, was pretty good, I also had the chicken salad one, wasn't great.. but what I really loved was there grilled chicken with rice and beans.. delicious!! I have to try the empanada next time, they looked great!
My review will strictly be on what I ordered:

Reina Pepiada - LOVED this.  This is my usual because there is something satisfying about a cold and flavorful filling with a warm corn flatbread straight from the griddle.  Imagine a chicken salad but creamy and rich with avocado and well-seasoned chicken.

Shredded Beef - Yum! The beef was flavorful and extremely tender.  Not one tough strand of beef =D

Cachapa - Enjoyed this, however I wish they used a different cheese other than mozzarella.  The sweetness of the corn is SO ADDICTING!

OVERALL:  Great spot down the strip if you aren't looking to spend $$$$ for a great and super filling meal.

Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
I did some wondering around after having some gelato from Art of Flavors and noticed Viva Las Arepas right next door. It was spacious but there weren't a lot of people inside. The menu seemed like there was a lot of going on, don't know when I'll be back again and had to get it right, so I had to rely on the Yelp app to see what everyone was getting. 

The Reina Pepiada was mentioned pretty frequently.  I wasn't sure if it was something I should eat or someone I should meet. It was an arepas filled with a mixture of chicken breast, avocado, mayo and cilantro. It wasn't that big and didn't taste that amazing on it's own. It was too much avocado and mayo and not enough chicken for me but it was only about $5 and it was enjoyable after dumping whatever sauces were inside of the red and yellow containers.  

They did lack customer service. I explained that this was my first time here and if they had any recommendations or customer favorites. They could not help me with that and seemed rude about it, even went back to whatever they were doing before I asked for a menu, sat in the corner, and brought out the Yelp app. I didn't feel as welcomed as Art of Flavors felt like I should go back there. Customer service is big for me, it's not that hard to be friendly, courteous, and give your attention to paying customers.

The rest of their food do sound and look good, from the reviews and pictures posted, and I'm sure they're well deserving of the 2 star I gave them but since the food from what I had was just OK and the service wasn't to my liking there is no way I can give them a 3 star, OK, to something I was not OK with. Another visit will happen but not anytime soon.
Another great lunch date with fellow Yelper Dyanna L. This time we brought the men, her boyfriend Brent and his son and my husband Joel!

 Viva Las Arepas is a nice cafe with indoor and outdoor seating. Excellent service and a large menu. Today I broke my low carb diet and had the Wood Fire Chicken with cheese Arepa and a side of black beans. Yummy! I loved the bread/ masa that the tasty chicken comes in. Totally full of flavor. The smell when you walk in is exactly what the food tastes like. My husband ordered the Reina Pepiada which has chicken breast, avocado, mayo and cilantro and he added cheese. It was kind of a chicken salad. All the flavors melded well together. The black beans were ok, but i'll be trying the side salad next time. Dyanna got the same as me, but with plantain chips. Her boyfriend got the Pork Spare Ribs with a yummy looking side salad and a Shredded Beef Empanada and shared with all of us some of his excellent chicken wings. The spice on them as just right! His son ordered the chicken wings too! I think i'll be getting those and a side salad next time! Mmmmm I want to go back right now!

Viva Las Arepas are full of flavor in every dish! You can't really go wrong with anything you pick. I'll be driving here from Henderson often! Thanks Dyanna and Brent for another great suggestion and another awesome lunch date!
I don't know why yelp isn't updated but this place moved from a stand to a shop and the prices went way way up. Everything is from $6 and up including tax! That's double the prices the pictures are saying so you've been warned! 

When you double your prices you got to do something different. Bigger sandwiches, something. These arepas are very good and a nice change from the usual Mexican food in LA, but it's not a good value. I would be perfectly happy paying $3, not the $6 I paid. The bread was clearly made fresh and it was good. The beef was very well seasoned. Unfortunately I wasn't satisfied. I would have been fine buying two for $6 but not 2 for $12. To be full you need 2 which makes the cost of these ridiculous! 

No wonder why this very highly rated place had nobody in it. It seems as if they've passed on their added costs to the customers but that price hike scared everyone away. Amazing food or not I will not be back!!
Especially clean place. Price is fair. Service was above average. Conveniently located a short walk away from the stratosphere hotel. The food is incredibly unique, yet the portions are very small. My father and I had each an arepas, as he said, "a burrito in a corn pancake".
This food was disgusting! I would rather have eaten at MCDONALDS!

Bad combination of ingredients! I have no idea why this place has 4.5 stars!
I have waited way too long to dine here! I heard about the good eats of Viva Las Arepas since before their brick and mortar location. However, like most good things, it's a trek from home and it's not in the most desirable areas of the valley. After finally making my way to its well-known gelato neighbor (Art of Flavors), I knew I had to come back ASAP.

The arepas are phenomenal. The flatbread/tortilla made from ground maize dough is grilled and then stuffed with delicious fillings. The flatbread itself is great with a tasty crunch exterior and soft interior. Also, they are not shy with the amount of stuff that's put into your arepa! It is very filling! We tried three types and enjoyed all of it.

Camarones al Ajillo or Garlic Shrimp Arepa ($7) can be ordered cold or hot - we went with hot - and it is SO good. The hot and pungent (but not overpowering) garlic and herbs with the fresh, plump shrimp is outstanding!

Carne a la Brasa or Wood Fired Beef Arepa ($5.50) is served hot with lettuce, tomatoes, and onions. Excellent flavor from the beef's cooking process and I love the accompanying fresh vegetables. The hot fillings are definitely my favorite!

Reina Pepiada Arepa ($5.50) is served cold with shredded chicken, mayonnaise, avocado, and cilantro. The Venezuelan version of a chicken salad. Really good stuff. Not my favorite arepa, but I can't ignore this Venezuelan staple.

We also tried the Pollo Mechada or Shredded Chicken Empanada ($2.75) made with corn flour. Very decent price for the size and it was exploding with flavor - the juices were literally oozing all over us.

Oh, and those sauces they give you?! So good!! The yellow (mustard) bottle has a mild creamy herb sauce - possibly cilantro - and the red (ketchup) bottle has a spicy sauce with an orange hue. Not sure what they are, but after tasting all our selections in their natural goodness, we put both sauces on EVERYTHING.

Parking is very limited, but keep in mind that this is part of Downtown and you may need to park nearby and walk. It's worth it! Oh, and it gets really messy, so be prepared.

Edit (01/26/14): I tried the Fried Yucca ($2.99), Chicken Wings with Spicy Sauce (Special; $5), and Pernil or Roasted Pork Butt Arepa ($4.50). I'm a fan of yucca and I was disappointed with this dish. It was dry, overcooked, and flavorless. And the sad serving for $3 pushed it over the top. Your money is better spent on the empanadas! The chicken wings were good and the "spicy sauce" had nice flavor (Warning: it is very spicy!). Not something I would order again though. The marinated, slow-cooked pork butt was really delicious and went well with the tomato; another home run for their arepas.
THANK YOU YELP!!! Who wants Venezuelan fooooood?!! ME!!! We went in hungry and came out stuffed. Everything was delicious.

Chicken Empanadas: soft, crunchy corn shell with tasty tasty shredded chicken filling. A MUST GET!

Garlic Shrimp Arepa : If u LOVE shrimp, get it. There's a whole lot of succulent shrimps waiting to be eaten! They shrimp smell is quite overwhelming. It wld be good with lemon. I just doused it in the red sauce! 

Wood fire grill chicken arepa : SOOOOOO GOOOOOOOD!
This place is sooooo good! If you ask, they will make you a vegan arepa. Every time it get some to go they always put something extra in my order for example the fried plantains. You cannot go wrong with anything here. Yum.
I have been meaning to try this arepas spot for a while now and finally got a chance last weekend. We came during lunch and the place wasn't busy at all. We only tried arepas, but their menu is extensive and there are so many different menu items to choose from, I look forward to trying empanadas as well during my next visit. 

The texture was great and I loved the flavor combinations. The salsas were really great and spicy to boot. I was hoping they would be a little cheaper, but I didn't feel like they were too expensive, just more than I was expecting. 

I look forward to coming back again really soon.
Still a total 5 stars in my book! Went back recently and had the pork spare ribs with 2 sides only $8.99! It was fall off the bone good. They give u 4 huge ribs. You barely have to bite the meat just falls off and is so tasty. The wood smoked flavor is excellent. As my sides I got a salad and black beans. I loved the salad. The house dressing was tangy and filled with cilantro flavor. I can't wait to go back and have the ribs again and of course try other items off their menu.
I was born and raised in Caracas, Venezuela. I have lived in the states for over 20 years now and grew up eating Venezuelan Foods every day. Its been a few years since I have been able to go to Venezuela So when I hear of a Venezuelan Restaurant I always jump at the opportunity to try it. 

I went to Vegas to visit my best friend who lives there and she took me here. I cried when I saw the Frescolita on the menu... no joke.... tears in my eyes... I LOVE Frescolita! I grew up on that!! 

Their Arepas are great, their Pabellon was also great! Their Platanos are AMAZING and of course..... Frescolita. The only thing missing is the Candy - Pingpong, Pirullin, Ovolmantina. 

The Cachapa was amazing! So good!! I wish they had Cachitos- but you cant win them all! 

Really Truly Great Venezuelan food- From a Venezuelan......

Quick mention too: GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE. Read a couple of reviews on here about bad customer service. People can be WAY to picky! They say hello, they take your order, they bring it to you and they thank you. What more do you need? Didnt realize people needed their hand held to order food....
Party in my mouth is all I can say. This place was delicious. I had the reina papiada and it was the best choice I ever made. The delicious picante really made the flat bread. I'm in love and will be returning.
um, this place doesn't even need my review. i don't know why i'm bothering. probably because it's THAT DAMN GOOD.

there was one week i went 4 times. i think i ordered the cachapas every time. the pericos are good, too. the dude who works the counter and i are pals now. i got a cheese empanada today, and i don't want to get too graphic here, but maaaan... i will definitely be cheating on the cachapas with the empanada in my dreams tonight...

i wish this place wasn't a 3-4 minute bicycle ride from my house. but at least i get a little bit of exercise before i clog my arteries? ;)

THANK YOU FOR EXISTING!

many hearts from your #1 fan,
Maegan
I can't wait to go back! I come up with reasons to go down there just so I can hit up this place. I didn't even know what an arepa was but my friend told me about this place and said I had to try it.

As soon as I walked in I could smell the woods smoking all those delicious meats, I was like a kid in a candy store! I wanted to try everything but I definitely didn't know where to start. Thank goodness for all the tasty looking pictures on the walls. The staff was very helpful and super patient with me. I've never had Venezuela food before, I can't wait to try more! 

For my first visit, I figured it would be best to pick a column and work my way down so I went for the #1 Wood Fired Beef, my niece got the #8 Garlic Shrimp, and my Sister got a #12 Cachapa. They were all amazing! The cilantro mayo and the hot sauce mixed are killer. I also tried the soursop drink and it was so good, it tasted like strawberry, watermelon, kiwi, and passion fruit had a delicious baby juice in my cup.

I can't wait to go back and add more to this amazing experience. For now, I'm heading next door to the Art of Flavors for dessert.
I've been here twice. The first time I got their special, it was wood-fired chicken thighs with rice with vegetables and black beans. I know their namesake is arepas but I think their wood-fire chicken steals the show. It was so delicious, moist, and tender, with that perfect kiss of fire. And the rice with vegetables and black beans were some of the best I ever had. Best part was the meal fed me for two days and it was around $6-7. 

I came here last night and had their namesake, the arepas. Arepas are dense muffins(?) made out of cornmeal, then cooked over an open fire. It was okay, it is really dense and  bland. You can't compare it to a tortilla or bread. It's just different, so my palate may have been confused. It wasn't awful, but it wasn't great. 

We got the Wood-fire Beef Arepa and the Reina Pepiada Arepa (shredded chicken, cilantro, avocado, mayo and peas). They were okay. The meat inside the beef arepa was delicious. I think the flame-broiled meat dishes are the star of the show. It was flavorful and had that wonderful flame-kissed flavor. 

The Reina Pepiada Arepa was similar to a chicken salad stuffed into an arepa. Pass. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't that good. 

My favorite dish of the night was the Yucca Fritas, deep-fried yucca root. They are fat sticks of carby awesomeness. Pour their cilantro-garlic sauce on it and it is heaven! 

In conclusion, I'd stick with their wood-fire beef and chicken and pass on the arepas. But be sure to order sides of their rice, beans and yucca fritas. Make sure to get plenty of their cilantro-garlic sauce and their habanero(?) hot sauce.
Great food! 
First time trying arepas and was very satisfied. I ordered the #5 Pernil (roasted pork butt)and it was great!! Taste just like grandma would have made them... if I was Venezuelan of course. I also ordered a coconut & cheese Pastelito. Very good too.
Love this place. Colorful busy little place with great Venzuluan food. Newly opened, this place will be a hit. Can't wait to get back there. Try their pork butt with rice and black beans.
I loved this place and can't wait to go back! I recommend the wood fired chicken arepa
So delicious! Reasonably priced and everything tasted fresh. The owner was super nice and inviting :)
Fantastic little place for a taste of Venezuela! I had been a frequent flyer at their stand just down the street and love what they have done with the new restaurant. The menu has expanded but includes all of the old favorites. Definitely try the Arepas with wood fired beef as well as the roasted pork butt. Chicken is also a good standby. My wife is a fan of the bean and cheese empanadas. You can't go wrong ordering anything from their menu. The servings are a good size with plenty of meat, but the star of the show is the Arepa shell. Made from cornmeal, the shell is cooked crisp and cut open for stuffing. They are crunchy on the outside and very tender on the inside. Delish! All items are served with a cilantro sauce and a spicy sauce for those who like a little heat.
Came across Viva Arepas, 2 years ago, while it was still in its previous address - a shack about half a block up from their current location.

Viva Arepas is a Venezuelan restaurant that specializes in Authentic Venezuelan food. The Arepas are phenomenal!! They are small "sandwiches" filled with choices like: shredded beef with peppers and onions, garlic shrimp, bean and cheese - to name e a few choice. They also have wood fired chicken that comes with a choice of sides.

The drinks are also authentic to Venezuela - all being natural and refreshing.
Go, just go. Nothing I write will do their arepas justice. Make sure you hit up the gelato next door when you are done. You're welcome.
In the past, it was always one and done with my gelato fix, but today, I finally made time to complete the Desert Companion's "Best Foodie One-Two Punch" of 2014: Viva Las Arepas followed by Art of Flavors.

I'm glad I tried this place. I went for the pork butt arepa ($4.50) and shredded beef arepa ($5.00), making the cheese upgrade ($0.50) for both. Fried corn filled with a decent quantity of meat is already a recipe for success, and you can add the cilantro sauce (in the yellow or one of the clear bottles) or the spicier red sauce that I sampled a bit of. I think the shredded beef actually had more flavor than the pork butt, but that means the pork butt is a better vehicle for the sauces.

I also sampled my friend's fried plantain, which was about as mushy and brown as you'd expect if you just fried a plantain (or banana) on your own at home. Not very sweet at all, so it's rightfully listed as a side and not a dessert.

The prices could be better given the relatively small portion sizes - I wasn't too full afterward - and the arepas do lack just a bit of the extra oomph that would take it to the next level. However, I could see myself coming back here for future "one-two punch" trips. Give it a try at least once if you're an arepa virgin like I was.

P.S. Art of Flavors was solid, as usual.
Finally got a chance to try this place for a gigantic dinner. Recently visited Goodwich and Art of Flavors in the same plaza, and knew it wouldn't be long til I'd be downing arepas, too...

Scouted out the menu online, cross referencing it with reviews here, and ultimately decided on the #1: shredded beef and the #7: reina pepiada, plus a side of fried yucca. Total came to just over $15, which was a bit pricey IMO.

The arepas were unique and tasty, but fell a little short of my expectations. The shredded beef was a little on the dry side, but I perked it up with a bunch of the creamy cilantro sauce- that stuff is the bomb dot com. The reina pepiada arepa was tasty too, but the flavor simply got boring after a few bites. 
Luckily, the yucca was there to save the day: crispy and chewy and garlicky, it's everything yucca is supposed to be! The $3 price tag was a bit steep for the 12 bits that I got, most of which were half-pieces. Would I get them again though? Resounding yes.

Service was okay: minimal but friendly, brought out my take out to me at a table and took my order efficiently. Decor in the restaurant is fairly typical for a taqueria, but with the added touch of local artwork on the right hand wall as you walk in, all available for purchase. Though the pieces were good and added to the ambiance of the restaurant itself, I'm again taken by the sticker shock- the two paintings closest to me were $110 and $380. For folks advertising inside of a restaurant, that seems a bit unrealistic, but what do I know.

Might come back and try a few different flavors, seems like the BF and I could share three- they look deceptively small but they're very filling. But I'll definitely be adding on the yucca.

Side note: though a lot of other reviews mention the lengua arepas, and they look AMAZING, they no longer carry lengua here. So sad about that! :(
I've never had an Arepa before but heard lots of good things about this place so we had to try it!
After scanning reviews and the menu we settled on the Garlic Shrimp (hot), Wood Fired Beef, and a couple of Tequenos (fried cheese sticks).
I feel the food was pricey for the quantity. I liked the cheese sticks, but Doug thought they tasted too sweet. The Garlic Shrimp was ok (Like shrimp scampi on a maize bun) the shrimp was a little mushy and after a few bites was over it. The beef was ok too, just not a lot of flavor even with the sauces. I guess we just don't get the appeal. The service was good but...
I would not go back. I rather save room for gelato.
Short Review:
I'm a fan of Arepas. I'm just not a fan of the Arepas served at Viva Las Arepas.  I got their Beef Empanada and Beef Arepa.  Both were greasy and not worth the price. $5 for an Arepa the size of your fist??  I've had this place bookmarked. Now, bookmark checked! Time to move on.

Longer Review:
Viva Las Arepas has been one of my bookmarks since I was introduced to their neighbor, the great Art of Flavors. Yes, Viva is located right next door in case you didn't know.  Upon entering, you're hit with nothing but orange and a menu with a decent selection.  At first, the prices looked pretty good until you get your food. I got the Beef Arepas and a Beef Empanada.  They both tasted "Just Ok" and were super oily. For a minute, I thought I was eating a beef chimichanga. Both were also so small that I was able to finish my Arepas in about 3 bites.  I know I can't mention names, but I have had better Arepas out here in Vegas. Better in regards to price, value, and most importantly, taste. All is not lost though.  Their plantains and the service were both excellent.  I may be back, but most likely for their plantains only.  See Ya' But not here...I'll be next door enjoying the best peanut butter gelato.
A little late hopping onto the Viva Las Arepas but at least I did!
First time trying arepas and boy was I blown away. I would pick arepas over tortillas any day. I am a lover of anything doughy and the texture and thickness of the arepa was just perfect for me. Add in some deliciously seasoned pork butt and beef and you have a heavenly combo! My favorite would definitely have to be the pork butt. It was perfectly seasoned and the meat just melted in your mouth. They also have a house cilantro-garlic sauce which was a perfect pairing. In addition to the arepas that I got, I also got an order of the pork rinds and yucca root. Pork rinds were delicious but the fried yucca root was the star. They tasted just like French fries! except much better because the outside was super crunchy and the inside was flaky. Yum-O. 

ONLY downfall is that it is located downtown (which I am not a big fan of). Overall, this place is definitely worth the drive.
Awesome food. Really reasonable price. Will definitely do it again!
Had the Reina Pepiada Aerepa and the Asada Arepa, the ingridients are fresh, the staff is friendly, I would definetly visit them again next time I'm in vegas
Everything is good here!  We ordered a variety of things to sample since we couldn't make up our minds and it was all very flavorful and tasty.  They give you two sauces,  a cilantro cream and a spicy mustard;  both are excellent.  It doesn't matter what you get here because I think you'll be like me and like it all but my favorites were the beef empanadas and the beef and rice pastelitos. Warning: this food is good and heavy so plan on a shot of espresso or a nap afterward! The place is clean with ample seating and the service is very good!
This place is awesome. I love the shredded pork and avocado chicken salad arepas. The 2 sauces they give you to put on everything work perfectly together and are awesome on everything. 

I also love the shredded beef empanada and the beef pastelito. 

It's off the beaten path from the strip (closer to downtown), but something different (and definitely much cheaper!) than your usual steak or buffet options.
The vegetarian arepas is delicious, I've had it twice now, without cheese. The gluten-free bread really makes the arepas. Its a good size for only $5.00. Service is a little slow, there's a bit of a wait after you order.

Not a bad environment to eat at. It's like a fast food lounge with a Venezuelan touch to it, there's a sweet little patio too.

I'll probably go back once or twice more while I'm here.
Not a bad place. I can only eat one thing on the menu but it's very good. The veggie arepas without cheese. It's good, have to have it on my "cheat days" they charge 50 cents for a cup of water... Find that annoying. It's just like a fast food place. Order at the counter & pick up your food when it's ready. I would come back for the arepas.
The staff was not helpful and the food was awful. The first time in a while that I have actually thrown away my meal after only eating a bite or two.
It's a shame, but after each visit, I've become less and less impressed. My first visit was phenomenal and my second visit was still pretty great (as evidenced in my previous review). The Wood-Fired Beef was a bit dry during my third visit, but I brushed it aside attributing it to a fluke or bad timing. However, my last visit has solidified my disappointment and necessity to write an updated review.

Since I've had five of their arepa options, I decided it was time for another one, so I chose the Vegetarian (avocado, black beans, tomato, peppers, onion) for $5. I was confused at first because all I saw were black beans with a little bit of avocado barely surfacing (reference photo). Maybe they got my order wrong? I searched for vegetables through the beans with no success. It wasn't until I took a few bites that I finally located a very sad tomato piece. I figured that was just how they made the "Vegetarian" arepa. The beans were nicely seasoned, but their overwhelming quantity made it incredibly difficult to eat in an arepa. The arepa itself was delicious, as always. I was already disappointed by my selection because of the lack of vegetables, then I saw photos of what the Vegetarian Arepa should look like or have looked like and now I'm upset. It costs the same as or more than their meat options and they can't include a heap of vegetables? Not cool!

Also, after four visits, it doesn't seem like a coincidence that my table is consistently ignored. No one ever checks on us (it's usually me and Ruben), while they seem more than happy to visit and chat with several other customers. It has made us feel unwelcome. I'm really sad to say this, but I will be getting my arepas elsewhere from now on.
We only tried two items as snacks, but yummo!  We stopped in after First Friday because I had heard good things.  Upon arriving there were 6 cops dining on the patio.  A good sign!  Then I ordered a bean and cheese empanada and some coconut/cheese thing.  Who can resist anything coconut, but have never paired it with cheese, so for 2 bucks, I'll take one.  Each one came out piping hot.  And by piping hot, I mean I could not even eat them.  I am a pastry snob and the flavor of the fried dough on both was delish.  And did I mention that garlic sauce in the bottle.  Yum.  I have never had anything like it and can't wait to go back for a full meal.
We stopped for a quick bite before a meeting nearby. I had been meaning to try this place for a couple of years. Am sorry I waited so long!  I had the shredded pork arepa and it was totally awesome,  juicy and very tasty. My friend had the wood fired beef and and she enjoyed that. Definitely plan on going back.
Best Latin American food in Vegas IMHO. I don't know what they put in that green sauce but I could drink it straight and die happy.
rib soup is amazing!
mix grill is huge portion, enough for 3
I also love the fried yucca and plantain.
I went here on a Friday around 1:30 pm. I ordered the beef arepa and chicken empanada and waited 35 minutes for my food! Mind you there was no line!! They forgot to make my food!! I came to this place when they were just a little shack sitting on the corner about a year or so ago and absolutely loved the prices and food, so I figured I'd go there again for cheap eats and great customer service.. NOPE!!! On top of it all the prices have risen!! I guess they moved into a building and decided to raise the prices with the move.. I won't be going back here.. OH.. The food wasn't all that either!! I'm too done trying to find a good place to eat in vegas
First time visit.. Clean establishment & restrooms were clean. Good impression so far. Along the wall you see pictures of their dishes which All look delicious. I ordered the reina & the boyfriend ordered the shredded beef Arepa & 2 black bean & cheese empanadas. They both were good but the shredded beef had more flavor and it was hot, the reina was more like chicken salad so it was cold. I didn't know. Had I not been biting into chicken bones with the reina, I would have given it 5 stars.  

Will be coming back and ordering something else off the menu. Nice and tasty place!
Never had traditional Venezuelan food before but this hit the spot!  Can't go wrong with any of the arepas offered here!  If you're near the strip, make a stop here!
I love this place! My favorite place to grab lunch downtown. I always get the vegetarian arepa, and sometimes the guava and cheese pastellito or fried yucca. Affordable and delicious. There's a bit of a lunch rush, but definitely worth the wait!
Having just spent 2 months in Venezuela eating arepas every day I can say that the flavors here are authentic and delicious.  The reina popiada is the bomb..you have to try it!!
I've come here a few times and I've stuck to a couple things, one being the Reina Pepiada - because it's so good! I'm not crazy about the usual cold chicken salad, but this is something else! It's simple with chicken mixed with avocado and some other stuff, and it's seasoned just right.
I ate here three times during my two day stay in Vegas. I haven't had great tasting arepas since I studies abroad in Venezuela seven years ago. The beef, chicken and jamon con queso arepas were solid. I will never visit Vegas again without eating a few meals here. I can't wait to go back!!!
My 5 stars says it all. Pictures others posted here did not tweek their photos. Their food whether you order soup, arepas, plantains, yucca, empinadas, etc...looks delicious and sure tastes delicious. You have got to try it!
I have eaten at this fine restaurant a number of times over the past 3 years, and visited again in late 2013. In the time since I was last here, back in October of 2012, they have moved from the small mobile/portable building in Dino's parking lot to their own storefront in the strip mall on the next block to the south, on the same side of Las Vegas Blvd. Their shop is the southernmost storefront in the small strip mall (yes, there is off-the-street parking in the strip mall).

The food here is amazing. The selection of Venezualan food, and the quality, is simply great! Their new shop is brightly lit and colorfully decorated, and the food is just as good as it was when they were in their old location just north of here.

I particularly love their arepas, but then again I am an admited arepa addict.

The service is also very good; the staff is uniformly friendly and helpful. The prices are very reasonable, and the portion sizes are very generous. I can only assume that when various organized religions talk about the possibility of going to heaven after one dies, that they must be talking about going to this restaurant on a permanent basis, for there is nothing finer on earth!

It is no wonder that this restaurant has won several local awards for best of class/type, including the Best of Las Vegas (aka Best of Vegas) award for the Latin restaurant category! 

Whenever I am in Las Vegas, I always visit this fine restaurant 2 or 3 times per week and stock up on arepas to stuff into the fridge in my hotel room!
I've eaten authentic Venezuelan food before and this place is not bad.  My last visit I ordered the Wood Fire Mix Grill (for two people), consisting of chicken, beef, pork ribs and sausage with two sides for $22.99.  The ribs (which are large spare ribs) and the chicken were excellent; the beef was a little dry and it had a little bit too much spice.  I guess it was a brisket but over spiced and too dry.  The sausage was flavorful but I didn't care for the texture of it.  My sides were the fried Yucca plant and rice with vegetables, which were decent.  I also had the plantains, which were excellent.  They do serve nice size portions and it's right near the Strip with parking.  Overall, I would try it again for the chicken and spare ribs.
This place has some wonderful food! The Arepas are filled with crispy pork and the sauces that comes with them are delicious! I love the spicy sauce, I think it may have habaneros in it, it burned my lips in a good way! Then I was cooled off with the avocado cream sauce. The chicken was beyond delicious. Don't forget to try the ribs, I mean fall off the bone. Oh, I almost forgot the plantains were like little sweets fried pockets. I love the cheese Empanadas and the Tequenos (fried cheese sticks) my daughter said next time we need a dozen. I will be back for sure!
Great food and customer service!  We went for a late lunch on Sunday.  It was busy but there were plenty of available seats.  I ordered a beef and a Reina Pepiada arepa!  The Reina Pepiada was filled with a delicious cold chicken salad with a cilantro mayo dressing. The arepa was hot with a slightly crunchy crust - I devoured it.  The arepas were served with two bottles of sauce, one creamy cilantro and a super hot, make you sweat, sauce.  Luckily, I had a delicious Passion Fruit juice! And to the service - bravo!  The man behind the counter noticed me looking around (at my table) and asked me if I needed anything.  They promptly brought a fork to my table!  I was too full for the beef arepa so they packaged it to go - with two small sauces.  I have used that spicy sauce for two meals - YUMMY!  Can't wait to go back for the food and excellent friendly service!
I'm obsessed with this place, it's super good and the staff is very friendly! The Reina Pepiada is my fav!
If you've never had Arepas this is the place to go! Staff was informative about everything on the menu and even suggested the best side to order. Great food, definitely didn't disappoint.
So, our buddy Drew picks us up from our hotel to hang out for the day.
"What would you guys like to eat?" he asks.
We were somewhere between zombified and comatose due to lack of sleep and too much booze still pumping through our blood streams.
Between the three of us visitors all we could manage was some kind of grunt, "Grughhh".
Fed up with our antics, Drew took charge and brought us here.....and I still thank him.
I ordered the Reina Pepiada: Chicken, Avocado, Mayo and Cilantro.
So Damn Good!
I was lucky enough to have ordered a Coke because I kept trying to drown my Arepa in their delicious yet very spicy hot sauce. Careful, it catches up to you.

I will now be searching my hometown or counting the days till I can make it back to Vegas to have another round at Viva Las Arepas.
If I wasn't sitting shotgun to a Vegas local, I would have never made it to Viva Las Arepas... bonus points for a punny and city-appropriate name. Seeing that it's far removed in all directions from the "action," and the fact that I have never had an arepa before would have made it next to impossible for me to find it or even want to go there. Props to my buddy for carting us around and opening my eyes to something new and incredibly awesome. Thank, Drew-fus.

The place is clean, there are pictures lining the wall, the menus are in both Spanish and English, (great sign), and ordering is a simple as strolling up to the counter and taking a chance - something tells me that it's hard to go wrong here. I ordered the hot garlic shrimp arepa and the grilled chicken empenada. If you have never had an arepa, I really don't know how to describe it. I guess it's like a crumbly corn bun with your choice of filling piled up in the middle. Does that sound right or even make sense? Who cares, they're delicious! So great in fact that I've now tracked down a few places in SD serving arepas that I can only hope compare to what VLA is serving up in Sin City. Oh yeah, the empenada gets some love too. The grilled chicken that they loaded up in that bad boy with a drizzle of their house sauces made for a perfect and timely hangover cure.
Bomb as hell!!!!!! So good I want to marry the yucca fries, the arepas... and so much more.
Amazingly delicious! I always order #7 reina pepiada and it never fails in fulfilling my arepa cravings! Make sure you try that green sauce with it. I live about 20 minutes away but it is well worth the trip everytime. Just wish there was a another location closer to me.
More food than you can eat.  The ribs are melt in your mouth and tasty.  The bottled sauces bring a welcome new flavor.  I will be back with friends.
I absolutely LOVE this place. I have been here several times after reading about it in las vegas weekly. the food is to perfection everytime! the prices are amazing for this type of quality of food. i LOVEEEE the sauce that they serve on the side of the arepas. they are to die for.
This place is a real GEM!  Super authentic Venezuelan/Colombian arepas and empanadas.   Very reasonable priced.  

I had lunch AND dinner there yesterday.  I will be returning now very time I'm in town. 

WE NEED VIVA LAS AREPAS IN LOS ANGELES, PLEASE!!
I love Viva Arepas. I have been a fan of their food since they were at the small walk up joint in front of Dino's. Just had a chicken arepa with fried plantains. Yummy. Two small complaints... my guest had the shrimp arepa and it was overcooked & mushy (I don't eat shrimp but she is a foodie like me so I trust her judgment). And the last time I ordered a full chicken, it took longer than expected (but they had just opened the full restaurant & it may have been a matter of soft opening timing). But other than these minor items, this place is AWESOME!
I knew the next time I went to visit Art of Flavors I would be eating dinner here first. So tonight was the night!! A date night with myself! 

I wasn't really sure what Arepas were but I'm up for an adventure. I briefly read up a bit on what to expect and went with the flow when I got there. Trying to recover from the Smashburger hangover from the night before and still thinking about that Black Bean Burger, I got the Vegetarian Arepa and a side of Rice with Veggies. 

So I found out that an Arepa is like a cornmeal English muffin crossed with taco like fillings. In my Vegetarian Arepa was Black Beans, Onions, Tomato and Avocado. So good! At $5 it was a pretty good "sandwich". Leave it in the wrapper it comes in it will help save you from losing all the insides. The Rice and Veggies were good and a decent size portion but for $2.99 for white rice and canned mixed veggies, I filled up enough with just my Arepa. 

This was a counter service restaurant. You order at the counter, you pick up your food at the counter and your put your own trash in the trash can that is clear and obvious to put your trays and baskets on top. 

I'll be back!! It was delish!!
For my Cuisine and Culture class I had to write about a cuisine I had not tried yet so I chose Viva Las Arepas. 

Viva Las Arepas serves authentic Venezuelan food in a fast food like environment. 

I came here with two of my classmates and we almost sampled every item on the menu. I personally ordered the garlic shrimp arepa; tequenes pastelitos; fried plantains; cheese empanada; and a mango beverage. The tequenes was the worst of them all; which contained an uncooked cheese stick in the middle. The arepa contained baby sized shrimp and was too fishy for my taste. The cheese empanada was tasty and the cheese was actually melted; mango beverage way too sweet; and the plantains while having a nice flavor were extremely greasy. The overall consensus on the food was that everything was too greasy. 

I wish I was more a fan of the food here because it's right around the corner from my house and the owner Felix is a good man.
**Summary**
       - Taste - Maybe it was an off day, but I just didn't like the flavor of arepas. The mix grill wasn't bad though. If I were to come back, I'd get the Pork Spare Rib meal. That was my favorite.
       - Value - I think the price is a little high for what you're getting
**Ordered**
       - $22.99 Wood Fire Mix Grill w/ Fried Plantain & Fried Yucca Root - The pork spare ribs were delicous. Tender & tasty. The Beef was ok. However, the chicken was dry and the sausage wasn't very tasty.
       - $4.50 Wood Fire Chicken Arepas - The chicken was dry. The arepas seemed to be more bun then anything else.
       - $5.50 Wood Fire Beef Arepas - Bun, oil, and salty beef. Didn't really like the taste.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd wouldn't really recommend this place. There's a lot of other places you could get more bang for your buck.
Not really sure how to describe this place, as I had never ventured into a Venezuelan restaurant before.  The food is amazing, the service is amazing, the meal on day two (since day one was so good) was even better than day 1.  

I am in love with the food here, and look forward to being back in a few days.

The roasted chicken - fyi - is so good you'll slap your momma!
VIva Las Arepas is super tasty! I was in heaven when I first tried their signature arepa. It's a little greasy, but that's to be expected. if you haven't tried the Venezualan soda, Frescolita, I highly recommend it - tastes like bubblegum. And it's the only place in Vegas you can find it. Buen provecho!
My wife and I tried the vegetarian and reina pepiada arepa.  Both were delicious.  Just the right size and priced right.  Staff was friendly and the place was very clean and comfortable.
This place was pretty fantastic.  The portions are massive and the food is delicious.  I'm a big fan.  It's definitely worth the trek if you're staying on the strip.
Jams volvera comer en este sitio Viva la Arepa, el que sabe del sabor venezolano esta muy lejos del buen gusto y sabor la cachapa tena mal sabor, y la Atencin deja mucho que desear el dueo se molesto porque le ped una cachapa con jamn y queso me contesto de manera grosera "y quien le dijo a usted que la cachapa lleva jamn" pienso que uno es cliente y debemos recibir un mejor trato.y al cliente lo que pida.. no recomiendo este sitio a  nadie
The food here is delicious and reasonably priced. If you are in a hurry this is probably not the best choice for you. It's clean and the staff is friendly. I like the chicken thighs and of course the Arepas are always yummy.
This quick serve cafe was clean and comfortable. 6 of us went for lunch for the first time and went back for dinner on the same day. Felix (the owner) was so nice and friendly. He treated us with extra spicy wings and fries   We ordered Arepas #2 wood fire chicken,  #3 shredded beef, #7 Reina Peplada, spicy wings, fried yucca root. They were yummy and the price was reasonable. We will be back, viva las arepas :)
From the Foodie Snob:

This place is totally Legit! Great fast friendly service and a clean restaurant. Oh, BTW did I mention the arepas? Fresh ingredients and very tasty. I only wish this place was located in Henderson due to the headache of driving in traffic near downtown.
This place has amazing food.  U should just try it like I did, and you will fall in love and dream about it for days.  Must haves for me are : cachapas con queso, pork spare ribs (also comes with two sides) I chose yucca fries and fried plantains, yum! And the Shredded beef arepas. But I haven't tried everything..... Yet! So those are my favorites so far.
One of the best places to eat in Vegas. Very affordable, too. I love the empanadas and the rice is to die for. I always order the fried plantains. I come here once a week now.
Oh. My. God. 

I ordered the vegetarian arepas. 
So fricken good!
The "bread" was amazing! So much flavor and awesome texture. 
Avocado, fresh. Black beans, flavorful and cannot be straight from a can! 

The two sauces they give you...USE IT! 

Every time I go to Vegas this will my FIRST stop. 
Screw the buffets and everything else. 
This is the place to be!
My daughter and I try to come here at least once a month. If we lived closer we would come here more often. Our usual order... a wood fire chicken arepa with cheese & avocado and we share a side salad. Soooo yummy & addictive! :)  Ingredients are fresh & homemade, the restaurant is clean and spacious with indoor & outdoor seating and the owner and staff are always helpful & friendly.
Just wow! Not sure what all the stuff is? Just start at the top of the menu and work your way down.
Location: The restaurant wasn't that hard to find. The parking lot was a little small, but it shouldn't be too bad to find a place to park if you decide to go on a weekend. 

Atmosphere: The restaurant itself is pretty spacious. There was a pretty good amount of places for people to sit.

Service: The guy at the counter was really nice. He was helpful with some recommendations. It was kind of hard for us to hear what order they were calling. They give you two bottles, one red and one white, with your order. That was nice since you usually just go to a counter in other places for the sauces.

Food: I decided to get the chicken salad arepa and shredded beef. The chicken salad was really good. It was nice and saucy. The shredded beef was too hot to eat. I took a couple of bites, it was okay. I decided to save it for later. When I ate it a couple of hours later, I thought it tasted better. My friend decided to try the garlic shrimp. She said it was a little too saucy. At the end of the meal it was leaking and looked really hard to eat. She said it was good at first though.
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(149/365) "How About a Pabellon Cachapa?"

Long awaited update, and first time in the brick and mortar location. Glad to see that they offer more than just Arepas now, and are open 24 hours on weekends.

Perusing the menu, a couple of things caught my attention-Pabellon, and Cachapa.
Too bad they didn't have the two combined, because I've been searching for that killer combination after having it at Pica Pica Maize Kitchen in Napa.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pica-pica-napa-2?select=D2QDnqVaFYS7EpRd-4XTqQ#Eo2CTtCtgsNwu0ZAaFIeiQ

Having already tried a few of the Arepas, we ordered both the Cachapa and Pabellon to share as well as their tasty Soursop Drink. These were both pretty good, but I wished they would offer more ways to have the cachapa than just cheese.fillings, or even a pabellon cachapa? (hint, hint!) maybe like any of the arepas  The Arepas are okay, but I just am not much of a fan of that masa pocket that holds all the fillings together, kinda like a Mexican Gordita which I'm also not really a fan of.

If worse comes to worse, I might even just order a cachapa and ask them to add the meat and plantains inside and charge me extra...that is, if and when a craving hits, because we're almost always next door anyway!  ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \u  3.25
The arepas are delicious. I had the BBQ chicken which was a pulled chicken style sandwich. There was a lot of meat on the sandwich and it was tasty. I also got the cheese arepa which was just cheese on the arepa. I really liked this, simple yet delicious. The sauces that came with it were nice accompaniment. The darker yellow sauce was spicy so be careful if you don't like spicy foods. The lighter green sauce was a creamy cilantro style and was nice. Definitely will try their other menu items!
Comfortable indoor, outdoor dining in the heart of Las Vegas. My faves are the BBQ pork Ribs, fried yucca, passion fruit juice and the wood fired chicken is delicious as well. Friendly personal service.
All sorts of awesome! The wood fire beef and chicken arepas are my favorites. Try the hot sauce, it's spicy without leaving your taste buds numb.
Having it for the first  time the review is factors in my state of shock, on how good this  was, but also because its the first time i have ever had an Arepa, as I inhaled the first one, I thought to myself why did it take me so long to find out about these.

I ordered the wood fired chicken and beef arepas. The lady at the counter said the chicken was their most popular. So I took that one, and a beef one. After having both, I have to say I was much more impressed with the beef. It was tender, juicy and that creamy cilantro sauce (or atleast that's what I think it was) was impressive. I think that would go great on anything.  I am going back for the roasted pork butt arepa, and I am not sure, but I know for a fact I will be going here often. The meats were juicy and great flavor, but the real star was the actual arepa, it was dense but not dry, and had a great soft texture on the inside, but crunchy on the outside. if you had a pupusa before, it has that similar taste.

Love the vibe of the place, everyone was friendly, and it's just a great place to go and grab a bite to eat.
Where have Arepas been all my life?

If this is Venezuelan food then sign me up! I'm very glad I didn't immigrate to Venezuela as I would probably would have ended up being a 400lb whale on the beach snacking on Arepas all day.

Once again the Yelp community didn't steer me wrong. For weeks I've been seeing yelpers rave about this place, so I decided it was time.

Located on Las Vegas Blvd and East Oakey Blvd, Viva Las Arepas is a store down from the other favorite Art Of flavors. The parking is very limited, so be prepared to maybe park somewhere close by. Trust me the walk is worth it.

After going around their menu I decided why not the Pork and chicken Arepas. Served on a rectangular  dish, they were served pretty much hamburger style. With a hot sauce and what seemed like a tart sauce are served with your meal. Both dishes bursts with flavor. The breading I think was freshly made. Big credit. Very filling meal if your trying one or two. 

To drink they have canned soft drink and bottled water. The real stuff is the juices they have on tap. I can not remember what juice I had but it was a suger cane drink of some sort. It complemented the meal quite well. Tell your friends, this place is bomb

Overall
Service: 4-5
Drink: 4-5
Food: 5-5
Cleanliness: 4-5
Coming back: Yess
We wanted a snack and it was getting late. We noticed they were open and stopped in for a snack. We ordered some empanadas. Two kinds. Black bean and cheese and the chicken empanadas. Both were superb! We now tell everyone we know and it's on our "tour" when we have out of town visitors.
This is gluten free heaven! My friend introduced me to this place and I am always hesitant to try new foods when I am unfamiliar with the ingredients and when there is a possibility there could be a translation problem that I need to be wheat free! I checked out the menu online and saw I could order a plate, then I noticed gluten free on the website and I cheered, I can eat a sandwich!

I ordered the wood fired beef, plantains and the lime with cane sugar drink and it was absolutely delicious! They give you sauces to add to the sandwiches that was fabulous, the plantains were yummy as well as the drink it went perfect together. I look forward to trying the other meats they offer.

There is a patio outside however there are no misters so it could be a little warm during the day but for a summer night it will work! That area of the Strip is a little dicey but it is part of the charm!
Best grub for $10 in Vegas.
Fresh meats, gluten free if you want it.
Fried plantains are amazing!
We had the Arapas with chicken, beef and shrimp, all were so good!
Ribs look incredible too.

New location with outdoor patio!
We will be coming back... Often!
For any gluten free friends who are stuck eating flavorless cardboard bread alternatives, this place is amazing!! Great quality meats sandwiched inti yummy corn arepas with just enough light sauce where needed. Chicken, beef & garlic shrimp with plantains for dessert!! Yum yum yum. I am told I am a pain picking restaurants but will be back for sure!! Thanks Yelp for the suggestion to a Vegas local since 97
Omg! This place is delicious! Wood grilled chicken and ribs, mesquite wood to be exact. If you've never had bb cue smoked over mesquite coals, boy are you in for a treat!... you might actually ruin yourself for regular bbcue so be careful!  Very reasonably priced a half chicken with two sides is $9.99!  We came here yesterday after getting pedicures next door and we're back again today. Just a few short blocks down from the stratosphere... worth the drive from wherever you're staying in Vegas. The meat is lean and tasty! Venezuelan treat!
Just had a good meal here. Love the local places when in Vegas. Treat yourself here for good eats then walk next store to Art of Flavors for gelato. Can't go wrong.
The arepas are bomb but I come here for the Pabellon or chicharron con yuca. Just finished lunch but already want to come back for more!
Ate here about midnite on Sat/14 June:
- $9.99 for the spare ribs + 2 sides platter.  Great deal and lots of food.  
- $.99 for a can of Coke.  For Venezualan soda, coupla choices at $2 and $2.50.
- All prices have taxes already included.
This was disappointing! It was my first arepa and for $5.50 each (without adding avocado) all I got were tiny mesa pockets with some salty meat. The beef one was alright but the pork butt was too salty. I also asked for a chicken salad arepa which I have seen Yelpers post pictures of but instead they gave me a tiny side salad without any chicken on it. I also got 2 empanadas ($3 each) which were just okay but soggy by the time I got home. I ordered this all to go and was so eager to open up everything and chow down. But I was sorely disappointed once opening all the packages and seeing how little the food and overpriced everything was.
Went here a few days ago with my out-of-town peeps and I'm really glad I did! 

Upon arriving, I noticed that the place was packed and the parking lot was completely FULL. The service is pretty fast and the line at one point was out the door. 

I ordered the Garlic Shrimp Arepa (you can have it either hot or cold. I ordered it hot.) & the Pork Butt Arepa. Both were PACKED with flavor. They can be a little deceiving though. They're no bigger than a regular cheeseburger, but I found myself getting full fast! I ended up only eating half of both, then just picked at the insides. (the garlic shrimp was just too good to leave behind)

Even though the place is located in downtown LV, it was pretty clean and the bathrooms were well maintained. 

I also noticed how friendly the associates were. Even though there was a pretty sizable line behind me while I was ordering, I never felt rushed and they were more than happy to make me something that was not on the menu. My little wanted rice with vegetables (thats on the menu) with a fried egg (not on the menu). 

The restaurant itself is a waaaays away from my place, but I don't think that would stop us from popping in from time to time.
Arepas here are delish!  It is located near downtown LV but don't let that stop you from coming. The food is great at very reasonable prices!  The place is extremely clean with very friendly people working there!  We will definitely be making this place a regular spot when we are in Vegas!
I came upon this place by accident- actually by fate I believe!!! 

I tried abcarne mechada empanada that was absolutely delicious. It was piping hot and made to perfection! My sister is obsessed with fries so we ordered them. They are thin but fresh and we put the mayo garlic cilantro sauce (in the white bottle) all over them. So bomb. 

My sister got the carne arepa but we both didn't care for it... It tasted more like pork. We will be trying the pollo next time. 

YOU MUST TRY THIS PLACE! I'm obsessed. 

It is a bit pricey though so bring some extra cash :)
Arepas have recently become my food obsession, but I had never had one in Las Vegas before. I remembered this place existed and then had a friend ask me if I've been there, so it was on my list to try.  Today I went to my boss's storage unit down the street, and I was pretty excited to find out I could order food directly on the Yelp mobile app. An arepa for $5? How is that even possible in the US? It was a damn tasty arepas, especially once I discovered the hot sauce. I literally cannot wait to go back and have more arepas.
Hubby and I liked it! Fresh food, gluten free! Very friendly staff. We walked up to the counter and told him we had never been and he gave us great info. We had the beef, pork and garlic shrimp arepas; plantains; and fried yucca. Delish! I tried the sauces and enjoyed those too. We'll come again when we visit Vegas, for sure.
Do NOT miss this chance to get Arepas, if you are visiting Las Vegas. Do not fail to support a local business, if you are a resident!
On our first visit, I had the reina pepiada (chicken/avocado) arepa and my husband had the pabellon (shredded beef) arepa. Both were so delicious!! The masa wrap was crisp but tender, and the fillings very flavorful. We've since tried most of the fillings, and every arepa has been fresh and tasty. This is a far distance from Mexican food; but f you like a little heat, there are Venezuelan hot sauces on the tables. 
We've also had the pastelitos, and while we didn't think they quite as good as the arepas, the fillings were very flavorful. The Venezuelan sodas are exotic enough to be worth a try too; but my personal favorite drink is the "Agua Panela", sugar cane with lime. I love any drink that involves raw sugar cane, and in this one the lime cuts the sweetness just right but not so much that it tastes like limeade.
I have two standout memories from my first visit. First, I wanted to try the yuca fries, but my husband was being a little conservative about them. So we didn't order...but the owner brought over an order for us to try anyway, on the house! They were so good and crispy, and I've ordered them ever since. My second memory is of the wood stacked in full view of the dining area, so you know they are always smoking that meat right in-house. 
I also have to complement the owners on a bright, folksy, and clean atmosphere. It was a pleasure to sit there...reminded me a lot of small cafes we encountered in our trips to central America...but with air-conditioning, LOL!
Very affordable eating for "The Strip"...please get out of those casinos and try this and other local businesses in our fabulous city. By the way, the very best gelato place in town, "Art of Flavors" is right next door (that's not just my opinion, but I totally concur); so save some room for dessert.
Arepas.. arepas! Such a delicious Venezuelan dish and this place is authentic as it can get right in the heart of Vegas! Located past the strip and towards downtown, it is easy to find! Parking is a little challenge since it's located in a small complex. If you cannot find parking, there are spots to park around the area and you'd have to take a quick walk to get across the street. Hey, at least it's free parking!

Once you enter, you are welcomed by the smell of the meats cooking on the grill! If you  had never had an arepa, it is basically an open-faced pupusa or a falafel. You have two pieces of dough, usually made out of maize, and fillings of meats and sauces sandwiched in the middle! It is a very popular South American dish typically in Venezuela and Colombia. 

My orders:

Yucca Root- Delicious and so simple! You get a lot of Yucca root cut up like thick fries (a lot healthier) and they fry it. There wasn't a lot of oil and no condiments because the  root itself has its unique flavor! This is a great side dish to order while you eat your arepas.

Fried Plantains- I love anything with bananas/plantains! This sweet dish really compliments the savory and saltiness of the yucca root and the arepas. It is a great combination to have with your meal! 

Fire-grilled beef arepa- I thought the arepas were going to be small, but it turned out to be quite fulfilling! The beef is perfectly grilled with vegetables and special sauces.

Fire-grilled chicken arepa- The chicken has to be my favorite. I love the taste of grilled chicken with the arepa! I would definitely get it again! 

Passion fruit juice- They have an array of drinks and juices that are local favorites if you were to be in South America! I tried the passion fruit and it was so refreshing! Not too sweet and not too watery either!

Overall, my experience here was great. Customer service was great, the food was great and so was the ambience! I will definitely be back!
I could of sworn I wrote a review for Viva Las Arepas a few years back, my apologies. I began coming and enjoying these delish arepas when this establishment was the humble little shack across the parking lot now replaced by an up and coming gourmet sandwich joint. My first time here the owners kid was out behind the shack and some drunk women was walking up and the down the street cursing and confronting customers so I called the cops and my mom went to go talk to the little girl and her mom so she wouldn't be scare. The chef was busy so as a thank you he gave us a few free orders of the cheese sticks. After that I became a regular. 

The pork arepa is filled with really tender pulled pork but I always order without the tomato slice. The shrimp arepa is really yummy too, sauted shrimp in a mild spicy condiment sauce served hot. The bean an cheese arepa, can nothing go wrong with those!!! Finally but not least, the Reina Pepiada is my absolute favorite!!! It is made with shredded chicken, mayo, avocado, peas and cilantro. 

The arepas are served in rustic baskets which I hate because when people spill their arepa juice, how do they clean them? I eat mine over the paper they come in. The new locating is sooo nice and big too. Their menu is extensive, it contains other Venezuelan goodies like cachepas which are these sweet little pancakes. The parking lot is still limited but I never have a problem and I'd walk a few blocks to try these guys out, trust me!!!
I haven't reviewed Viva Las Arepas yet?! Best fix that. 

Viva Las Arepas is worth a trip whether you're familiar with the Venezuelan wonder food or have never tried these meat-filled Joy Pockets. It's representative of the best the genre has to offer; the arepa itself is fluffy and moist, and the meat inside is fresh, flavorful, and sooooo juicy. The meat is all cooked over a wood fire, and the flavor they get out of the meat is just incredible. The woodfired beef, and the reina pepiada (chicken with peas and avocado and...um...stuff?)  have become my go-to favorites, and I've developed cravings for the reina. So good. 

I'm pretty sure this place was the former occupant of the current Goodwich Cube outside of Dinos, but it has moved waaaaay up in the world, and now has a clean, classy restaurant with a great patio and a ton of seating just across the street, in a lot with a kitsch shop, a lingerie store, and a Bail Bondsman. Ahhhhhh Vegas.

Pros:
- Holy cow the food is delicious. Get two; an old favorite and then try something new. I've never had anything bad there.
- The arepas themselves are perfect. I've had arepas at other places that get this weird "cheap poorly made cornbread" texture to them that is not at all pleasant. That is not the case here. Something like a cross between a crumpet and a tortilla, I imagine the manna God sent from heaven was actually arepas.
- Sauces. They come in two generous tubes; one's spicy, one's garlicky. Yellow bottle. Do yourself a favor and just slather that on.
- This is fast lunch food that's not at all fast food. Takes about 5-10 minutes from order to eating, depending on how busy they are. Unless you order the All The Meats plate, which takes a while, and feeds 3. 
- VERY affordable. You can eat a lunch that will make you full for dinner for about $12. 
- Seating for 2-14 comfortably.

Cons:
- The other businesses in the strip mall give me the giggles.
- You will want to eat ALL THE AREPAS, all the time, which will make you very fat.
I'm a bit torn in writing this review. 

I've had Viva Las Arepas (VLA) bookmarked for the better part of two years now, hell maybe more and it wasn't until recently had I been able to finally stop in. 

I love that there are still highly rated,  non-boojie, cheap, no frills food near the strip. I love even more that it's Venezuelan food.  Unfortunately, I may have been driven by the hype so much that I was left slightly disappointed. 

After a very long, grueling work schedule, my beau (bless his tired heart) was sweet enough to bring me here because I listed it on my top 3 places to eat while in Vegas.  We drove up to VLA, which isn't a stand anymore, they've transitioned to a brick & mortar. The parking lot is shared with other establishments and can get crowded during peak hours. 

The menu is large enough to spell some confusion for those salivating tastebuds. I know these arepas can be filling so I definitely had to strategize my meal. The man just got himself a carne arepa (non shredded) and 3 shredded beef empanadas. I got the pork buttt and carne arepas in addition to a chicken empanada. 

Our plates came out hot and fresh within a few minutes and those empanadas were super hot--so hot that a piece of it was left thrown and regurgitated back onto our tray lol (wasn't by me though). We enjoyed both empanadas though I will say the shredded beef was better than the chicken. We also both agreed they needed more meat in them. 

I love the arepa itself, and they generously filled 'em with our protein of choice. Unfortunately, neither of us were impressed with their beef. It was tough and lacked flavor. Even with all that drippy sauce, there was just something amiss with the beef. 

The pork butt I did enjoy. It was moist and tasty, and once I was carb loaded, I picked out all the pork and gobbled it all up. 

As cheap a meal as I thought it would be, we still paid $30++. 

Overall, I'm saddened this long sought bookmark didn't wow me, but I wouldn't mind giving it another try.
Talk about value - tasty arepas for less than $5. Looks small but makes a good meal, and you need some room for gelato at Art of Flavors next door after that anyways. :)

I usually get Reina Pepiada or shredded beef, both of which are very good.

A big YES.
Go off the beaten path and visit Las Arepas on your next Vegas trip. It's not on the strip, but rather in between the convention center and downtown. Totally worth a stop on your way to night out downtown! Arepas were perfection! The shredded beef is a must try. The service was absolutely fabulous, too. The owner, Felix, went above and beyond and made a very nice impression on us.
Phenomenal food... Nice getaway from the strip... The arepa sandwiches were flavorful and super filling... The yucca fries weren't too shabby either... They also serve sauces with their meals, one spicy and another some sort of cilantro cream sauce, both amazing! Do not leave vegas without a stop here!
Even being someone that is not familiar with Venezuelan food, I have always been amazed by Viva Las Arepas. The price is amazing and the food is exotic. The location is probably the best part about this place too being very central to Vegas but not flooding and after you eat you cannot pass up Art of Flavors next door.
This place was amazing. My friends and I tried a few different arepas and each was delicious. One is probably enough. Get have everyone get a different one so you can try a variety. Definitely going back.
Really wanted to like this place :( 3 stars just for the fried yuca. The meat in my arepa tasted like steamed dog food, had a really gamey flavor. We literally took the rest of our arepas home and gave it to our dog
Still great food but no longer a food cart and also a bit higher prices.
A nice small casual place north of the Las Vegas strip. It is located on a weird corner street and parking is limited. The menu is in both English and Spanish and price are reasonably affordable as compared to restaurants on the strip. The air circulation could improved. It was a bit muggy inside but satisfying enough to be away for the Las Vegas heat.

There was a good variety of food available so narrowing can be tough. I've ordered the chicken arepa while my brother ordered the beef arepa. I recommend the beef over the chicken. Personally, I believe there's more flavor between the two. The outside of the arepa is a bit oily so be careful not to remove the wrapping. I made the mistake of removing it and it broke into pieces.

By the way, they charge 50 cents for a cup of water as indicated on the sign. What kind of place does this for tap water? This is a disaster recipe for BYOH2O.
My husband and I were catching a show at the Smith Center and didn't have time for a nice sit down lunch so we decided to mix it up and try out Viva. When you walk in you are transported to another country. The interior is orange and yellow with Spanish music on the radio. The man behind the counter is cordial but definitely gets down to business. I ordered the pork butt and my husband ordered the shredded beef. We decided to share an order of fried plantains and a mango drink. We chose a booth and waited for our number to be called. They were quick and everything is served on a tray with 2 squeeze bottles of condiments on the side. The Arepas were absolutely delicious! I loved the "bun" which is more like a thick and crumbly corn tortilla. It was delicate and delicious. The meat was melt in your mouth cooked to perfection. I even stole a few bites of my husband's and it was also absolutely perfect. The fried plantains were not my favorite, definitely going for the fries next time. The mango drink was not too sweet, but the perfect way to quench your thirst on a hot Vegas day. Overall, we loved the food and the price. We will definitely be back very soon!
I had never tried arepas before, but I can't imagine them being much better than those at Viva las Arepas. We tried the roasted pork butt arepa with cheese and another arepa with chicken breast and avocado (their most popular). The corn cakes they were served in were some of the best gluten-free concoctions my girlfriend and I have tried since identifying our respective gluten sensitivities. They were cooked throughout and crispy golden brown on the outside with soft fluffy insides. For sides, we shared the fried plantains, perfectly caramelized and cooked through with a little tangy acid to balance the sweet caramelly starch, and the rice with vegetables. The side sauces were great but not really necessary because the food was seasoned and prepared excellently already. As someone who appreciates value and feeling satisfied after a meal, I should add that our dinner was one of the best prepared meals for under $20 I've ever had if it wasn't the very best. Welll done!
Best grilled chicken in town and their black beans are soooo good.

I recommend the pork butt and shrimp arepas!
So I have never had Venezuelan food but I am so glad I tried this place. First I think you have to have an arepa because that's what they're famous for.  Luckily I went with two friends so we were able to try a bunch of different things. We had the shredded beef arepa which is amazing.  We then shared the cheese empanada and the chicken empanada.  The cheese was my absolute favorite. Then we got the mixed Grill which had chicken beef sausage and pork ribs you get two sides with that. Let me tell you the sausage was the best I've ever had.   The proprietors are so friendly and the restaurant is really clean and I would definitely go there again and I would highly recommend it.
Damn ... This will be the reason I comeback to Vegas next time. Arepas are South American deliciousness - hand held food that fills you up and satisfies all your taste buds.
The food here is amazing from the bread to the meat. Everything I got melted in my mouth.  Never had Venezuelan before but I'm now a fan! Everything I had was extremely tasty.  Really affordable for what you're getting. It was clean and they were really quick. I can't wait for our next visit.
Gluten Free Goodness!! They make their arepas and empanadas with corn four and they are so good. I had the roasted pork butt and I highly recommend it. I also tried the reina pepiada, and vegetarian arepas. They were also good. I love their sauces. 

The place was clean and the staff was friendly.
This place was ok/good. I expected it to be better because it got 4 1/2 stars. Overall it was fine, but not something I would make a point to go back to. I ordered the shredded pork butt and beef arepa, and the fried plantains. The arepa bread itself was a bit mushy. The outside shell was crispier and better. For those who have never had an arepa, it is a lot like a gordita. I'm not talking about the gorditas they serve at Taco Bell, I'm talking about the authentic ones. 

Beef arepa: good, but a bit greasy

Pork butt arepa: the pork was tasty

Fried plantains: nice and warm, but a bit greasy

While I'm not looking for healthy foods here, it could have been a little less greasy.

Pros: 
-good hours (open from 8 a.m. to midnight, daily)
-the guy was super helpful and friendly when I told him it was my first time. 
-the food was fine, but not super good.

Cons:
-a bit greasy
-hot sauce weren't so good
-the arepa bread, a bit mushy
-small parking lot
I wish this place was closer to the strip. I would eat every meal of the weekend here if I could. It is definitely a must try if you are visiting Vegas especially since food gets so pricey on the strip with all these chef restaurants and what not. If you are looking for some messy but delectable eats, this is your stop.

I ordered the garlic shrimp and the shredded beef with cheese. I wouldn't get the garlic shrimp again because it didn't have enough flavor for me, even though it was still a great choice, I also needed to add alot of their green sauce and I felt like it wasn't worth it if I had to douse it in sauce. The shredded beef on the other hand... whole 'nother experience. The rich and succulent flavor of the beef paired with the perfect amount of cheese, a dab of their green sauce, and their hearty corn flour exterior... man oh man you are missing out if you haven't had this. The juice/oil from the meat was leaking from the arepa but I really wasn't mad because I just kept licking my hands (#shameless). Since it is made from corn flour it tends to be heavier and therefore I got filled faster so just a heads up that it might be excessive if you want two, unless you can handle that life then all power to you! 

So glad I stopped by and can't wait to re-visit and try new arepas. Great service and ample seating, although I am sure it gets packed I was there at a fairly dull time (9:30PM). Must eat when in Vegas!
What's an arepa? Imagine a taco with a very thick fresh corn tortilla that's fried to a crisp on the outside. As such, they are indeed delicious: crispy on the outside, warm and gooey on the inside. 

Get the versions with cheese, it's totally worth it. Without cheese there's something missing.

My only quibble is that they're an inconvenient size: one isn't enough for a meal, but two gets expensive (they're about $5.50 each). Five stars for being unique, tasty, and locally owned, minus a star for being a bit spendy: it just feels wrong to spend $12 on a meal of takeout Mexican/South American when I can get 8-12 street tacos for that. 

Verdict: Well worth stopping by if you're in Vegas. If I were local I'd still eat there sometimes, but the price would keep me from being a regular.
Luckily, our family lives in the area near this place so we get it fairly regularly.  Had no clue what an arepa was before coming here but now I'm hooked.  My wife and I just need an excuse.  Highly recommend swinging by the gelato shop next door for desert as well.  Awesome stuff.
Kind of sad~ Loved what Felix did at the stand, but when he got into the real B&M, seems like it's more about the hype than the food~ (It's foreign, so it's awesome!)
No, it's not~
It's Dry chicken, Dry pork, and Dry beef~
F'ing Dry~ What a D'bag to serve such poorly prepared food~ Sad~
In a third world roll~ I'm so cool because I love it!
No, I'm not~
Dry protein in a third world tube roll is worse than a TV Dinner~ Because you paid for it, and told your friends how good it was~
Oh, and the Gelato shop next door? 
He owns that too~ But not a feature of VLA~ Do your self a favor and check Luv-It around the corner~ It may appeal more to an honest palate~
And skip the overcooked third world sammich shop~ Lot's of good, honest food in Vegas, even in that neighborhood~ Just makes me sad I spent my money there~
Just think, "Dry"~
Hey ya'll! There's a new restaurant on E. Wash and it's the first Venezuelan restaurant in Madison! Although Venezuelan cuisine bears some similarities to Mexican food, it's also distinctively different. Instead of salsa, they have a sauce called guasacaca, which I think is cilantro-based but tastes nothing like cilantro. It's slightly creamy and garlicky. They also have a spicy and really spicy version of that. Yucca is the potato of Latin America and you can order yucca fries under appetizers. I ordered the 3 taco plate (which is really just 3 tacos, for $5.99). One shredded chicken, one shredded beef, and one pernil (roast pork). Unfortunately, I got them to go and could not determine which was which, but two of them were good and one of them was excellent.

After conferring with my bf, who ate half of them, we have come to the conclusion that it was probably the pernil that was the best. The tacos came on double corn tortillas which were soft and tasted fresh, and were topped with cilantro and chopped onion, Mexico City style. They also offer freshly made tamarind and passion fruit juice (freshly squeezed, yo). And sugarcane lemonade. Do it. We may have to return to conduct a more thorough investigation of their menu. They have some lunch specials on Mon-Fri, 11-2pm which look like pretty good deals (see menu on website). There are some empanadas and arepas (kind of like savory turnovers).

If you are into spicy food, you'll love their guasacaca. If you're not into spicy foods, they've got stuff here for you too. Get over to La Taguara ASAP!
Friendly, fast and delicious. I'm a fan and will definitely be back. The menu has a range of options for carnivores and vegetarians. Vegans may have a harder time but it's workable. The arepas for lunch were terrific and I heard a customer at the neighboring table complimenting the salad dressing. You order at the counter and they will call your number when it's ready.
Excellent real Venezuelan food. I say this as a Venezuelan native. I will be coming back for sure! Really enjoy the Pabelln and Mojo! Get the Parchita juice if you like like passion fruit, it is delicious here.  
Very welcoming, friendly staff.
Checked out the new Venezuelan place tonight. Super authentic. Moderate pricing. We tried the pabellon and the mojito en coco. The first is the national dish and the second was a fish dish. The national dish was great but not super exciting but all the accompaniments were great. The fish was ok with great sides but I wish it was t mashed up so much. There is a lot of other promising looking dishes. The arepas are super. We had a chicken and beef empanada and the chicken was better.
I went for lunch. The arepas were delicious. The staff is super friendly and nice. The food is affordable and pretty authentic. They have really spruced up the place since Dimitris.
I randomly drove by this place and had to check it out. When my friend and I arrived, one of the owners took his time answering all of our questions, as we wanted to make the best out of our first time. He was patient and detailed and super friendly.

We ordered an arepa, which we enjoyed as it was yummy and not greasy and oily. We also had the bandejita paisa, which was a great idea for a variety of choices. A lot of different flavors in one dish--awesome And the homemade spicy salsa was AMAZING. 

The owner even took time to talk about his culture, his history and background for opening the shop, and was just very welcoming all around. I felt like I was invited into his home and not just another restaurant. He even ran to the counter to say bye to us when we left. I loved it!

I work just down the street, so definitely going back with my colleagues!!
Excellent!  The owner has cleaned up the old Dmitiri's space and made it his own.  Order from the counter and relax while amazing, homestyle Venezuelan food is prepared.

I'm somewhat new to Venezuelan, but it seems to be similar to other Caribbean/Central American and not as hot-forward spicy as Mexican can be:  homestyle plates of meat/beans/rice, with sides of fried plantains and the ever-present arepas, empanadas, and pastels.

And all of it is wonderful.  

We tried the Pabellon, an arepa, and an empanada.  The Pabellon is, according to the menu, the national dish of Venezuela, consists of a giant plate of shredded beef seasoned with garlic and not-hot peppers, cilantro rice, three slices of fried plantain, a small arepa, and a portion of black beans with a refried consistency and topped with a white cheese.

The arepa, which comes as a side with the Pabellon and other dishes, can also be stuffed and made into a sandwich.  We had one stuffed with ham, and it was delicious.  It is deep fried, like many items on the menu, but not at all greasy.  The outside comes out crisp while the inside is a nice, moist texture.  We also tried an empanada, which also comes filled with your choice of meat, and is deep fried.  The empanada and arepa are also served with guasacaca, which sounds somewhat foreboding but is actually a garlicky sauce made with green peppers and avocado and tastes great. 

I'll definitely be going back!
I ate at La Taguara last night with my guy. We both loved it!  It is conveniently located on East Washington Ave. You enter their parking lot on Wright St.

The owner did a wonderful job decorating the restaurant. He clearly is proud of his Venezuelan roots. I enjoyed the streaming pictures of Venezuela on the TV monitors.

You order at the counter and they bring you the food. A lovely young woman stepped out from behind the counter and carefully described to us our options. She clearly had an emotional stake in the business doing well. She wasn't just going through the motions. She is a family friend of the owner. We were told that none of the dishes are spicy but they have a mild and hot sauce available on request.

We chose their two most popular dishes. "Pabellon"; black beans, rice, shredded beef, plantains and some cheese. The cheese is dry and crumbled. The dish is not cheesy which I really appreciated. The beef was moist and ever so flavorful. The rice was fluffy and everything had distinct flavors. It was truly delicious. next time I will go alone and try it with  pork which my guy does not eat.

The second dish contained my favorite component of both dishes, a sweet corn pancake. We paired it with shredded chicken. The pancake was "to die for". Sweet, a little crispy with a small amount of cheese which only enhanced the texture  of the pancake. This meal was served with a cilantro and garlic sauce. on the side. The name of the dish is Cachapa con Queso y Cochina Frito.

Each element stands on its on. Food is not piled together so you can truly taste the textures and flavors of each component. The restaurant is spotless, service friendly, waitstaff helpful and the prices were reasonable for the food you received. Our two dishes cost $25. I had a Mexican beer and my guy had passion fruit juice which was yummy.

Great for takeout. Go there in winter to warm your soul.
Welcome to the Bolivarian Republic of awesome. 

For someone who took 8 years of Spanish between 7th grade and college, I knew embarrassingly little about Venezuela. So how did I learn a little more? How else but to order the pabellon, Venezuela's national dish? With the first bite of juicy, seasoned, roasted shredded beef, I am transported to Caracas and arrive on the beach, drinking a native Polar Beer. Gnawing that beef down with rice and black beans and fried plantain slices and an arepa (a crispy, doughy puff of heaven) and a couple empanadas, my Venezuelan journey is complete, and it cost less than $25. 

The space is spotless, the service friendly beyond belief, and the rest of the menu is begging for me to sample it. I cannot wait to go back.
This is my new go-to spot for spicy food. A smattering of their mild sauce with a spoonful of food is spicier than any other restaurant I've found so far. Their hot sauce is some of the spiciest stuff I've had, anywhere. 

They don't give you much, because they expect you to spread a bit on your whole dish, but they'll give you as much as you want if you ask, and it's amazing.
The food is delicious and the people working there are very nice. You have a chance to try authentic Venezuelan-Colombian dishes that are freshly cook. I will go there again and again.
A big nod to mojo to en coco.
I may have found new foreign cuisine love. I never had Venezuelan dishes before. It turns out, they are down right delicious. And the hit sauce is down right hot and delicious. 

At first my novio and I were stuck at the counter. We are both vegetarians, so it was difficult to make entree selections. But the family behind the counter was very helpful for giving us the right substitution and guiding through the menu. They are such nice people!! Wouldn't you love talking to the owners who are enthusiastic about introducing their culture? 

Whatever you order, don't forget the two things: tamarindo + hot sauce = happiness.
My trip here was completely accidental as I thought it was still a sub-par gyro shop and never even bothered to look it's way! I'm definitely happy I did though. The staff was extremely friendly, the menu was interesting and very unique for Madison, and most importantly - the food was ridiculously good. 

I ordered the sweet corn pancake stuffed with homemade cheese and a side of yucca fries. It was served with two sauces and a pile of fried pork. This was easily enough food to feed 2 people but somehow I managed to choke down every last bite.

The yucca fries were crisp and flavorful and the sauces paired with them perfectly. The sweet corn pancake was absolutely unlike anything I had tried before and I could have easily gone for seconds. I wasn't in love with the pork, but not because it wasn't tasty, I just wasn't feeling it that day. 

Overall, the meal was just incredibly satisfying, packed with flavor, and felt every bit as fresh and from scratch as they claimed it was.  

This is one of those restaurants where I will definitely be returning to try more items on the menu. The only downside is that it is a bit pricey, but if I remember correctly they had decent lunch deals posted. 

This may be my favorite new Madison restaurant!
Visited based on other Yelpers.  Thank you people!!!!   I loved that the owner explained the dishes to me.  Made me want to try them all!  I am in town for one more night and will go back.  The fresh passion fruit juice was wonderful and I also thought the tamarind juice was great.  Tough decision.  Had the national dish of Venezuela.  Black beans, rice and beef.  Perfect comfort food on a cold November day.  Also tried the fried yucca.  Wonderful!!!
Prices were so reasonable and portions are huge!
Honestly, I was not that enthusiast when my friends were suggesting this place for a farewell dinner for two friends leaving the States for good. 
Arriving at around 7 PM, this restaurant was empty and was still empty until we were done with our dinner. Don't get me wrong- the food is GOOD. My hubby and I ordered Yuca for the appetizer and we got to try the fried plantain and both are equally good. For us, it's like reuniting with our Indonesian taste, as we have the exact same dishes of Yuca, which is actually cassava. The way they serve it is the same way like we have back home. 
We also had empanadas and pastellino. The empanadas were okay, but not the best. 
Our friends had Pabbellon, which came a jumbo version. It can be shared with two to three people, in fact. And they all liked it!
Overall, this place serves a good selection of food and I'm sure I'll be back for their Yuca Fritta!
Love this place. I am familiar with Venezuelan cuisine from having studied abroad and returning again afterward, so I was thrilled to give it a try when La Taguara opened. Now that I have been there a few times I can say it will not let you down. 

Authentic cuisine, delicious, reasonable prices, very friendly staff and the owner seems to always be there. A few days ago my family and I went to try out their traditional Christmas fare, and was not dissapointed. Even with the higher prices for the seasonal plates, 4 of us ate until we were completely stuffed to the gills, for about $75 including several drinks.  

My favorites so far-  Cachapas, pabellon, empanadas, and of course the seasonally available Hallacas. Mmmm, navidad!

Service is counter-style. Walk up, peruse the menu and ask questions of the friendly service staff at the counter. Place your order, pay, and have a seat. The food is then brought out to your table.  In the questionaire below, it asks if this location has a TV.  I am going to answer yes because they do have 2 TVs, but they are (always?) playing a sort of Venezuelan slide-show. I like it, really. But I do not know if they occasionally show anything else on that or if it is even hooked up to cable. 

My only regret is that I cannot order from La Taguara for delivery, and it's location is not exactly on the walking-around-Madison path. Please go try this wonderful little place!
Glad to say that this is an authentic South American restaurant. I had the Bandeja Paisa which was very similar to something I would find at a Colombian restaurant by the north side of Chicago (which is a good thing). The chorizo was flavorful, beans were great, and the meat was well seasoned. I also had a side salad with their house passion fruit dressing and that was delicious as well. My partner ordered the bistec encebollado, and that dish brought me memories of my grandmother's cooking. The empanadas were not my favorite. I am used to a crispier and harder shell. This restaurant offered a doughier empanada.  I was also not fond of the passion fruit juice, it was overwhelmingly sweet. However, all in all the main food components are delicious! I cannot wait to go back.
After having lived in South America and Central America and returning home to Madison, this place is our new favorite restaurant. The food is delicious and the owner is very friendly. We ordered the pabellon, Tequeos de Guayaba y Queso, and Papelon con Limon. Pabellon was delicious--black beans were very well seasoned, as was the meat. Tequenos de Guayaba y Queso tasted like funnel cakes, stuffed with ricotta cheese, and yummy fruit jelly. They were wonderful too. The lemonade was also refreshing.

Having eaten a lot of good food while living/traveling in Latin America, we are picky when it comes to good Latin American food. We are so happy that La Taguara is around.
Amazingly good food. I cant say that I am an expert on Venezuelan food but I am definitely a fan now. We had passed by this place on the way between work and hotel and decided to look it up here on yelp and saw the positive reviews and decided to give it a try. I can say we will definitely be back regularly. There were three of us and all of the orders looked more delicious than the others and everyone was completely happy with what they tried. I look forward to exploring the menu in the coming weeks and months.
Best Venezuelan food I have tried in a while.  A lot of different things on the menu to try even if you are a vegetarian. The service is good and the owner was there very friendly! I'll go back soon
WONDERFUL food! Flavorful, great portions, and friendly staff. The beef empanadas and #1 was the best. They were offering a Christmas special that looked amazing - I'll be back to try it!
We've been here twice now, and both times have been fantastic! The staff is sooooo friendly and helpful - explaining everything, and giving suggestions. The fried yucca is out of this world...we will order it every single time we go there, for sure. Very difficult for the hubby to decide if he likes the pork or beef better, so will likely always order an arepa of each. I have had the fried fish (YUM), and this last time tried their vegetarian arepa - somehow they have made eggplant to resemble pulled pork. The flavor and texture were sooooo good. Cheese empanada was quite tasty as well (and quite chzy!!). Tamarind and passion fruit juices are both delicious. We will be back again and again and again.
Located along East Washington, almost by the East Towne Mall, lies this unassuming little shop in the strip mall. Sadly, it was very quiet when we visited for weekend dinner. However, this might be a great place for large group outings, as we did with 8 people. Also, you can make reservations ahead of time. Cheap food, large and spacious, delicious tidings - great for a large gathering! Also, they have parking in the strip mall, so no worries about parking!

There is no waiter service and seems more like a take-out style manner; you head to the counter and make your order, and head back there to collect your food when it's ready. 

Food:
Fried plaintains - very good and savory.
Fried yucca - not my favorite. It was kind of fibrous...
Bandeja Paisa - had several kinds of pork. As a pork lover, this is obviously my choice. I loved the fried pork belly! But the rest of the meat selection was kind of dry. Large enough to share with my boyfriend!
Papelon con Limon - delicious drink to go with the meal. Sweet and sour sugarcane drink!
Ducellitos and Nutellitos - these cute little empanadas are awesome for dessert. one per mouth and off they go! 

La Taguara is a little far for me, but I will venture out to the far East to grab me some Ducellitos and Nutellitos. P.S., I tried some of my friend's #1 dish. It was awesome!! (was doubtful of the beans, but it's actually really tasty!)
Excellent food.
Locally family-run.

The price is right with heap loads of food so you're not going home hungry.

The only negative is the parking lot is tiny.
Give it a try!
First time for Venezuelan and not the last, this place was awesome. Great food, family friendly, and the owner is great.. You could tell he really enjoyed teaching you about his food. I had the Cachapa con Queso y Cochino Frito for 11.99 - Sweet corn pancakes filled with artisan handcrafted Venezuelan cheese, crispy pork  accompanied with nata and guasacaca. ... I'd like to try everything on the menu but this was so good it's going to be hard to order anything else.
The cachapa dish is really flavorful and loaded with food. For $12 it is pretty pricey as far as Venezuelan goes, but they really deliver a tasty portion with the pork and cachapa. 

Arepas are okay-- nothing spectacular. Slightly bland, but the corn cake itself is very crisp (which is a plus for me). Fillings of pork and cheese were generous, just nothing about the flavor really stood out.

Soups were pretty good, both the beef and chicken. Empanadas are really good though, and at $6.99 for two empanadas and a soup, the lunch special is the way to go.

Really a neat ethnic restaurant in Madison-- unpretentious: order at counter, no table service, but very friendly and helpful if you do not know what to order.
I went to give this place a try since it has many good reviews. I asked for two arepas (shredded beef and chicken) both meats were ok, the arepas were too thick and no flavor at all, I had them with a side of rice and black beans ( they were good). My hubby had the Pabellon and he liked it. We also tried the Tamarindo and the passion fruit juices and they were very good, being from Central America I know what they really taste natural and those juices were the real thing. I have to mention that the lady at the counter ( I am guessing she is one of the owners) was very friendly, it was our first time and she guided us through the whole menu and we really appreciated that. We would come back to try other items.
Delicious Venezuelan food! My bf and I ordered the Bandeja Paisa, Tostones and the Cachapa con Queso y Cochino Frito.

Service was great. The staff helped us with our orders and made sure it was to our liking. We didn't have room for dessert, but we'll be back for more!
La taguara even though on a prominent street is a little hidden.  But once you find it its great.

So when we entered we were greeted by a guy, who asked us if we had ever been there. Upon hearing " No," he went on to explain the menu and it even has the favorites highlighted- very useful, and very friendly. 

You order and then take a seat. 

I started with the Sugar Cane juice- I was NOT a fan. It happens when you try a new cuisine, there are going to be things you do not like. It was still interesting, and you could tell well made. But that was the only thing that I did not like.

I tried tostones, a pork arepa, and a beef empanada. All delicious. Tostones- got to love fried plantains. Arepas is why you go to this place- not really available any where else. The beef empanada was not the kind I was use too it has a thicker almost bread like dough, but was still yummy.  But better than all of them was a green sauce that is served along with it- I could consume that my the gallons.

 I was with others who's dishes I picked at were incredible as well, some of tastings included: friend sweet plantains ( yum), crispy pork belly ( salty in a good way), and re fried beans ( best I have had). 

Overall I would go back there more often- if it was not such a haul for me living west of the capital. Its definitely worth one trip though.
My husband and I had dinner here for the first time this evening. We decided we needed to try someplace neither of us had ever been and saw this was well-reviewed. The outside of the building is easy to miss, but inside it is clean and bright.

As it was our first trip, we took the helpful suggestions provided at the counter. We got tequenos (kind of like mozzarella sticks) to start. They were good and the green onion sauce was a hit with my husband.

For entrees we had the pabellon and cachapa con queso y cochino frito. The pabellon was good, shredded beef on a layer of perfectly cooked rice. The side of sweet plantains were wonderful as were the black beans. The cachapa was really fantastic though. The sweet, crispy corn pancake filled with cheese was amazing. The guasacaca (bright green cilantro sauce) was the best part, in my opinion. 

We're looking forward to going again soon. I'll get my own papelon con limon (sugar cane juice) next time and definitely try out some other dishes. 

Our total bill (2 large entrees, an appetizer, 2 beverages) was just shy of $40.
I'd never had Venezuelan food until recently, and I have to say it was a pleasant surprise. The dishes here have some interesting, unique flavors and the staff is very helpful and informative when it comes to choosing something off the menu. To start I ordered the tostones, which are fried plantains served with a guasacaca sauce. The guasacaca sauce is awesome, I love the garlicky flavor. My entre was the  Bandeja Paisa dish since it seems to be one of the more popular choices. It consists of steak,  pork belly,  chorizo, sunny side up egg, plantain and rice, pinto beans and avocado. It's also served with this little fried corn masa; that was one of my favorite components of the dish. On my next visit I had an arepa stuffed with pernil, a pork roast, that was very satisfying. I also ordered a lemonade the first time I went but was given a tamarind juice. I didn't say anything only because I ended up really liking the tamarind flavor. I would like to go here during the lunch specials as the prices seem very decent.
What a find!  Stopped by on road trip from Atl. to Mpls. Great arapas.  And soup too.
Been here twice within a week. This is my new favorite place. If you ask for the owner's recommendation, he will tell you about the two most popular dishes. Both are incredible, but the second choice is what I urge you to choose. It is absolutely sublime. Viva La Taguara.
I visited La Taguara because I love arepas and I was well pleased with the options I had there. I ordered two, one black bean and one shredded eggplant. The black bean option was a messy, delicious, classic. The shredded eggplant was an unknown to me when I ordered it and it turned out to be amazing. The eggplant was treated similar to pulled pork and was bursting with savory, flavorful sauce.

I sampled the pancake part of the cachapa con queso and it was amazing. It was much sweeter and more corn-flavored than the arepa dough, and I'm tempted to order a cachapa with black beans or eggplant in the future to see if they would do it. That's not to say the arepa dough wasn't awesome too, just different. 

We also sampled the juices, and though I'm not a big juice drinker, I'd definitely go for the passion fruit or tamarind if you are. The tostones were decent, but in the future I'd probably skip them to save room for arepas. 

The main downside: the atmosphere is essentially that of a fast food chain. This is perhaps good, as it's embarrassing to drip sauces down your chin, hands, and fingers at a finer dining establishment (and with arepas, you will), but I'd love to see the harsh, commercial edges softened in favor of warmer, more welcoming furnishings and decor. The service is very friendly and welcoming; I hope someday the atmosphere is as well!
This place is amazing! Went with a big group and we all got something different so I got to taste many dishes. Everything was delicious.  The owner is so nice, informative,and passionate about his food! Can't wait to come back!
Excellent first experience here on Friday, April 25, 2014. Our friends, Paul & Sallie, suggested we give this place a try before heading to a show at Kiki's House of Righteous Music, and boy am I glad we went!

- Smallish parking lot
- Interior has "cafeteria" feel to it - hard chairs, plain tables, very bright
+ Super friendly and helpful staff - very personable and offered great suggestions

+ Menu posted on wall above order/cashier area
+ Printed menus available
+ GREAT selection of Mexican, Central American, and South American beers - wow!

+ The food. AMAZING. Clearly all house-made, fresh, and absolutely delightful.
+ Rompe Colchon - essentially shrimp ceviche with fried plantain chips and a wonderful pico de gallo. I could've eaten an entire bathtub full of this stuff.
+ and - Bandejita Paisa - a massive overall platter of assorted meats, along with rice, an over easy egg, avocado, and beans. The meats were a bit meager in portion, although SUPER tasty and flavorful. The steak was very thin, and about the diameter of a piece of bologna. The chorizo was about the size of a quarter of a standard brat. The french-cut fried pork belly piece was maybe the size of a Fritos Scoop chip. The thick plantains were wonderfully seasoned; the copious amount beans were delicious; the huge pile of rice made for a nice bed for the over easy egg.

+ Accepts credit cards


I can't wait to return. We also sampled some of our friend's meals, and each was better than the other. Just superb. Go. Go now.
There food was delicious. I got the corn pancakes with cheese in the middle and fried pork on the side. My dad ordered the plantains with shrimp on the side. Both were very excellent and the girl working the counter was very patient with us. Lovely service!
Found this place on Yelp and was not dissapointed. Dining area is small but very clean. Personal was friendly and my food came out pretty fast. I ordered Pabellon and this dish was really good. It is a lot of food on 1 plate. Meat was perfectly cooked. I will be back to try some more items on the menu.
I had never been here, but decided to give it a try based on Yelp reviews. Friendly and fast service, seemed like a family place.   Nice cafe style dining room was simple, yet inviting. 
Had the pabello, which was I was told was the number one seller. 
This entree was excellent.   Portion was quite large (but so am I and did not have much for lunch), but was well presented.   The beans were well seasoned, rice was perfect, the beef was some of the best I have had.  Topped with semi-sweet plantains:  better than formal desert. 
Give it a try!
I am Venezuelan and I am just visiting Madison from Miami. I stopped by to see if this was any original Venezuelan food and out of sheer curiosity and I can tell you this was delicious and fresh ! Very legit and big portions I was so happy to eat some of my home food in Wisconsin. 10 out of 10 will come back. Try the mojito which is fish done in a coconut sauce shredded up trust me you will be amazed at how delicious the is !
Went back and had the bistec encebollado. Super delicious. Loved the beans and rice most of all. I still really liked the passion fruit dressing as well. It would be appreciated if they organized a wait staff. I'm not too fond of the "ordering at the counter" method and helping yourself to everything. I like to enjoy my dinner and not having to get up several times to get things that I forget I need (utensils, napkins, refills, etc.)
This is an order at the counter restaurant. 

The food is high quality and so are the drinks, which they make in-house (passion fruit juice, tamarindo, etc.)

Get the churros for dessert, which dulce de leche and chocolate sauce dipping. 

Diddo on what others were raving about, too. 

East Washington on this side of town needs more restaurants like this!
After my recent visit to La Tagura, I am tempted to change their Yelp category to Soul Food.  While it doesn't fit the strict culinary definition of soul food, the food served here truly satisfies the soul of those who consume it.  And with each flavor-filled bite, it's obvious that the kitchen is putting their heart and soul into each dish they prepare.  I appreciate how the restaurant extracted so much flavor from the food despite working with the simplest of ingredients.  If you appreciate this style of cooking, it worth making the trip to Madison's north side.  

The restaurant is a bare bones operation; don't expect pictures of the interior to show up in the next issue of Martha Stewart Living.  The interior is small with clean golden yellow walls, decorated with various Venezuelan knick-knacks.  A muted flat screen mounted on the wall shows a looping slideshow of pictures from Venezuela.  The standard issue table and chairs and the drop ceiling also fit right into the basic diner dcor theme.  

You order at the counter and they call out your number when your food is ready.  The owner asked us if we had eaten at La Taguara before.  When we said we had not, he enthusiastically provided us with a guided tour of the menu.  He pointed out the most popular items on the menu and deftly explained the differences between arepas, empanadas and pastelitos.   

I decided to go with the pernil (roasted pork) arepa lunch special ($7.99), which included a choice of soup or salad.

The soup option I selection, the sancocho, was a combination of vegetables, beef and chicken in a delightfully flavorful broth and helped awaken my taste buds for the rest of my meal.

The arepa is a Venezuelan version of the pita sandwich.  The pocket bread is made from a white corn meal fried on the grilled behind the front counter.  While the exterior was not crispy, it still provided a pleasant textural contrast with the shredded pork interior.  Like the soup, the pork was expertly prepared, fork-tender and well seasoned.  It was a wee bit dry but that was quickly remedied by added the tantalizing guasacaca sauce to the sandwich.  If you have never tried this staggeringly tasty combination of avocado, fresh parsley and coriander, green bell pepper, onion, garlic, salt, oil and vinegar, get off your hindquarters and make a beeline to La Taguara.  It alone is worthy of a pilgrimage to this north side eatery.

My dining companion, who grew up in Bolivia, was equally impressed with his order of Pabellon (black beans, white cheese, shredded beef, rice and deep fried sweet plantain and an arepa).

I am not alone in my enthusiasm for the food at La Taguara.  There was a steady flow of customers streaming through the restaurant on a Tuesday lunch service.  Do yourself a favor and join them.
Bad first experience here.

I am learning Spanish in school, and I was on assignment to set out to eat some good food from an authentic place. I brought the bf.

One small family ahead of me. Everyone is speaking Spanish and that's OK--because I can get through while ordering food without having to speak any English. 
The woman behind the counter was pleasant enough. She repeated the order and it was clear the bf and I wanted two deserts, which had to be paid for first (man, I saw it coming, sigh). I am not a fan of places where you pay before you order, including tip. Two entrees, and two desserts with tip was almost fifty bux. We gave you a large tip thinking maybe that would proactively help when it came to service. 

Still, just the bf and I and a group of 4 or 5 at another table. It didn't help the wife was giving us the stink eye. While the people working there made us feel like we belonged the other patrons did the opposite. I ordered what Steve L did. I didn't think it was that good. 

At any rate, our deserts were forgotten and people seemed to disappear while cleaning. Half an hour after eating and nothing. I had to go over and try to find someone.

Bad service and mediocre food that was highly overpriced. NO one was there! What was the problem? I can make rice and beans with shredded meat with a hard boiled egg on top at home and remember to make myself dessert too. Super disappointed. I had high hopes.
We stopped by here after looking for something close as we were just outside of the Capitol region.  This is a very good place that I would return to at anytime.  There is a small parking lot in front but you can't make a direct left turn in or left turn out when you leave.

They asked us if we had come here before and when we admitted we hadn't, the
young lady hostess explained the main things people order and different we combinations that are complementary rather than repeating the same things.  Someone else had ordered the pabellon and the cachapa, so the staff person showed us what it was.  We went with the pabellon (without egg) along with an arepa.  We chose the potato chicken salad with avocado rather than the shredded beef or black beans since it was already a part of the pabellon.  They also checked to see if we were really hungry since the pabello tends to be big.  

Since it wasn't that busy they told us that they would either call our number to pick up at the counter or they would bring it to our table.  Well, ours came to the table and the plate was pretty heavy since she spilled a few drops of the beans.  The pabellon was filled all the way to the side with black beans, white rice, corn cake, 3 sliced deep fried plantains, and a good portion of the shredded beef.  The server was also nice enough to ask if we wanted an extra plate since we were pretty obvious about sharing our meal.    The arepa was pretty well stuffed with the potato chicken salad which also contained boiled carrots.  The corn cake was well toasted to give it good texture and hold up the filling.  The guasacaca sauce has plenty of cilantro, which I definitely like.  I went up to get some of the passion fruit juice as well since it was a fitting complement to the meal.  It was quite sweet so I had to water it down with plenty of ice.  Overall, the place is very welcoming for first time visitors and will make you want to come back soon!
Delicious!  With kids away at camp, we were able to get out on a Friday night.  This place hit the spot.  A number of cars in the lots, but plenty of seating in the small dining area.  Walked right up to the cjnter and we like others were asked if ever been before.  the hostess then walked us through the menu.  We ordered their top dish, pabellon and a pabellon a caballo.  Anndd delicious.  Enjoyed with a Polar beer and as we were finishing up the place was nearly full.  A great casual meal.  We will return to explore the rest of the menu.
I have 4 words:  You must eat here!!!!!!!!
Seriously! And for so many reasons.

The Venezuelan husband and wife team who own/run La Taguara are just too fantastic to even be believed - warm, genuine, helpful, hospitable and man alive, can they create beautiful food. Everything was so authentic and they are truly trying to educate people on the food of their culture & share some of their passion for it.

We started with the Queso Frito (fried cheese) appetizer. It was so incredible I wished we'd ordered 2. They make the cheese by hand in-house. It's insane!!!!!!!! Trust me, order it. Early & often. You'll be so happy you did. We got to sample their 3 flavors of juices and we very much look forward to ordering the passion fruit blend sometime. Crazy flavorful & just the right about of tart. 
 
My husband had the Pabellon a Caballo and he loved everything about it, especially the pork as it was so flavorful & tender. I had the Bandejita Paisa. It was delicious! And I have to say, I was so surprised that I enjoyed the plantains so much. The pork belly was crisp & flavorful. I stuffed the arepa with a slice of seasoned beef, avocado and rice.

There was no room for dessert. But we'll be back again.
And again. And again.