Just fair, but you learn to appreciate decent chinese food for its rarity (I know, a strange concept for those of us living in the Bay Area).
Authentic good quality food in an old style Chinese restaurant setting.  Very satisfied overall with my first visit.  Second visit included my six year old which was not so good, they don't even have crayons for a child.
This is a good Chinese place. Will it take you to a place you've never been? No. But you will leave satisfied.
Food: It's overall pretty good and probably one of the more reliable options for semi-authentic Chinese food in the Madison area.  To this Asian, there is definitely some catering to Western palates.  Definitely a step down if you're used to eating at, say, Chicago's Chinatown (both old and new sections), and there's no extra menu in Chinese with the more eclectic stuff.  Fresh seafood options very limited.

Service: Average.  Food comes in a reasonable time, though refiling the water sometimes is spotty.

Value: Reasonable overall.  Prices fit the portions. Most entrees $9-15 range.

Overall: Good for when you crave Chinese, but I'd still head to Chicago for the more authentic stuff.
Three stars = A-OK.  It was fine.  It wasn't great.  This place has been here for about 30 years.  Before that it was a car wash.  I always think of it as the place that used to be a carwash.
Anyway.  Went with a group of 15.  Mom was buying and we got the "Classic" banquet (the cheapest one).  It was more food than we could eat.  The food was fine.  Not awesome.  The best flavor was hoisin sauce and, well, that comes out of a jar.
We got a sesame chicken that had nicely deepfried chicken chunks in a citrus-y sweet sauce.  Some trout that my sister insisted on and really enjoys (not my thing, but everyone else liked it).  Mu-shu pork - it was good.  Delightful (?) beef, kinda bland, but nothing yucky in it.  Aaaannd, oh yeah, crispy duck.  Very crispy, as in dry.  Not so great.
The kids got those finger trap toys with their fortune cookies.  The waitress was cheerful, accomodating and informative.  Extra help came out when needed.
I think some of the best Chinese food in Madison.  A little pricey but a few dishes always feeds me for at least two additional meals.
Imperial Garden has been around a long time and seems to be a local favorite. That struck me as a very bad sign when I came to Madison almost 20 years ago, and that continues to be the case. The food is insipid, blandly spiced to appeal to unadventurous midwestern tastes and with a menu reminiscent of the Americanized Chinese palaces of the 1950s. I end up there with various groups on occasion, but try to keep it to no more frequent than once every five years (more frequently in my first years in Madison, less so now). It's not that there are vastly superior authentic Chinese options (although I prefer P. F. Chang's, recognizing its limitations), but one does better with other Asian options when in Madison--particularly Thai/Laotian, but also Indian (with many new options in recent years).
It's perhaps the closest you can get to authetic Chinese food in a place like Madison, particularly after China Palace closed. The food is alright, it's been embellished in a way to appeal to an American audience, but at least the some of the menu choices are pretty real. 

My real problem with this place is the service: The menu was misinforming and didn't specify that some steamed fish dish was a filet as opposed to a whole fish. I politely complained to the waitress about my order not being accurate and she informed her manager. The manager only ended up refunding me 50% off the item ordered and began telling me how you wouldn't refund someone a fancy steak in an expensive restaurant!

In the end, I paid for my meal and tipped the poor waitress, but I will never visit this place again. I'm not sure if that manager woman was giving me a hard time because I was a young college student or what, but her management skills leave much to be desired.
This was, quite possibly, the WORST Chinese food (if you can call it that) that I've ever eaten in my life.

We started with the appetizer platter for two.  The calamari was so stringy that I had to swallow it in one bite because I couldn't separate it with my teeth.  The egg rolls were at least crispy and well-rolled, but they had absolutely no seasoning other than a tad too much salt.  The shrimp were overcooked, the barbecue pork was dry, and the hot dumplings were cold and under seasoned.

Then came the entrees.  I ordered Imperial Chicken, thinking that being the restaurant's namesake, it had to be good.  I was wrong.  The breading was mushy, the chicken was dry, and the sauce was basically  sweet and sour sauce with added hoisan, and several dried peppers that were burnt so badly they added an unintentional, overdone smoky flavor.

My boyfriend ordered the Ma-po Tofu.  He loves spicy food, and this was just a little spicy, but the spice overpowered all the other flavors in the dish (besides the scallions).  The tofu was a good texture, but the unbalanced sauce flavors basically rendered it inedible.

Apart from the horrendous food was the tepid service.  I had to ask several times for a glass of water.  The waitress came by with the water pitcher and had just enough to fill my glass up halfway, so she returned to the kitchen for a refill and stopped by to fill my boyfriend's glass.  By this time, I drank my half glass of water - and she didn't even bother to top mine off.  I tried to ask for some, but she walked away.  

Plus, I thought it was supposed to be an authentic Chinese food restaurant - what's with the Vivaldi and Mozart soundtrack?

Skip this place all together and hit up the Asian grocery and gas station next door.  On Fridays, they receive shipments of Pork Bao in from a bakery in Chicago that are to die for!
Probably the best Chinese in Madison these days.  Unfortunately, that is not saying much.
Took four kids tonight and we were all underwhelmed. The chicken egg drop soup was oddly sweet. We got a barbecue pork dish and some beef dish that both had a bland gravy. A huge platter of pot stickers that got everyone excited but ended up being ... bland. Even the dipping sauce just tasted like soy sauce. The calamari was not tough. I'll give them that. If this is the best Chinese food around... I'm sorry.
Best chinese is Madison by far, but very expensive! You do always get great service though. Yum!
We visit family in Madison at least twice a year and always make sure to have dinner here.  The shrimp sizzling rice soup is absolutely to die for, and every entree I've had has been fabulous.  Hands down the best Chinese food I have ever had.
This place is wonderful.  One, Almost anything on the menu can be made gluten free.  Two, They have about 7 different types of loose teas to choose from.  Three, The food is GREAT!

My favorite dishes are the Three Delicacies Sizzling Rice Soup and  the Tofu Lettuce Wraps.  I am not lying when I say that I have NEVER had a dish I didn't like here.  The food is never greasy, never oversauced and never overcooked.  The seafood and veggies always have a really fresh taste... I seriously have no complaints at all.

I miss you.
Just an update to say they don't even have the #1 spot anymore as that goes pretty easily to Ichiban on park.  Still, better than most in town.
We only ever go for their lunch special - so that's what this review is, I haven't yet gone here for dinner.

The dishes are a little hit/miss for authenticity. The Imperial Chicken is really good (not breaded like someone else said, but it's great), the sweet and sour chicken is definitely a "miss," the mu shoo pork is great, although a tad greasy, the fried spring rolls are fantastic, the egg rolls are okay. 

The service is FANTASTIC and the price is unbeatable for what you get. We never walk  away from lunch hungry. I suggest getting there a little early for lunch (they open at 11am) because it can get a little crowded.

Also, I love their spicy mustard - you have to try it!!!
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.

I went there a second time because I couldn't remember if I liked the food or not (yes,it was THAT unremarkable). Upon going there the second time, I knew there would not be a third. Ever. 

I know this is Madison, but c'mon, I've had more authentic Chinese food at Panda Express. What should have been an immediate tip-off was the fact that there weren't any chinese words on the menu...and that all the clientele was white (again, yes I know this is Madison, but this is compared to other Chinese restaurants like Fugu or Ichiban). I don't actually remember the specific dishes I ordered (I've had fish, chicken, pork, and beef there), but it all just tasted as if it had been sitting in the freezer for months. Dry and flavorless. 

The service was also slow. They refilled our glasses only once, after we had asked for the check.

I won't be going back.
It is not delicious, but the service is good.
Often rumored to have the best Chinese food in the Madison area, this restaurant is a major disappointment. My spicy tofu and vegetables dish was not in the least spicy and the tofu was only fried and would have been better marinated. The entree my dining companion ordered was also sub-par. The service was very quick and the food served very quickly, maybe too much so. Madison has great Southast Asian restaurants, but I definitely won't be eating more Chinese food  anywhere here.
Grilled potstickers, moo shu pork, cashew chicken. Yum!!
Yum!  Party of 7, everyone ordered their own dish and then shared with all.  Started with pot stickers and shrimp ragoon.  Grilled pot stickers were really good, could have just eaten those and been happy.  Appetizers came with a variety of dipping sauces.  Best dishes sampled were crispy orange beef, almond chicken and generals lamb.  Lamb was way tender, excellent choice.  Service was prompt and friendly, great atmosphere.  Ended meal with delicious mango ice cream.  Left happy and very full!
I live on the east side of Madison and I always eat at the Imperial Gardens near E. Washington and this Imperial was a let down. The restaurant itself is beautiful and the decor is lovely but the food and staff wasn't as amazing as I hoped for. 

For starters, the food is so expensive compared to the east side and the plates are larger but the portions are definitely not bigger. Our chicken sizzling rice soup was flavor less and completely watered down. My friend loves oyster beef but what received tasted completely different and it had a weird sort of sour after taste. I had the pepper steak and I did like how the onions and peppers are more thinly sliced but my meat also had a strange after taste.

The staff was very kind but a little annoying. It's was great at first to see how attentive they were to our needs but the waitress came to us almost every 10min and made awkward small talk which really bothered us. We could then see her staring at us from across the room waiting to start another unwanted conversation.

Imperial Garden Middleton will definitely be memorable but, for all the wrong reasons.
Decent food, slightly more expensive than their competitors, and more legit varieties on their menu.

I'll give credit to Imperial Garden's decor as it is significantly more eye-pleasing than other Asian restaurants and the fact that they have a full bar. 

I give kudos to this place because they're the only Chinese restaurant in the area that offers peking duck, a true Chinese specialty. Their seafood selection is also pretty upstanding and are cooked well. I'm also a fan of their "banquet" specials, which is for when you go in groups and they offer you a selection of X many dishes to share for a set price per person (this is available for lunch and dinner I believe, though I've never been here for lunch). 

Aside from the aforementioned pros of Imperial Garden, the other dishes on their menu (if you order without doing the "banquet") is average-tasting at best and overpriced.
Im rating this more on being American Chinese then true authentic Chinese. That being said it was very nice inside. Not too formal but definitely not a take-out joint.

We got a cup of the Hot and Sour soup. Which is always my favorite. To try something different we got the Seafood Hot and Sour soup also. Almost taste just like the regular Hot and Sour put of course more of a seafood flavor then pork. It only comes in a serving that serves 2-3. Which is a great value because the 3 of us easily got 2 cups each out of it.

The Fragrant Pork had chestnuts, green peppers, onions, mushrooms and carrots in a garlic tomato sauce, Said that it was spicy hot put I only got a tiny bit of kick. Put still good being sweet and garlicky. 

The Three Delicacies Sizzling Rice dish caught me by surprise in a good way. Expecting it would come with that same bland and over salty white sauce. But I couldn't stop tasting the sauce. It was like no other white sauce I have tasted before. The waitress poured the sauce for the dish right in front of you so it was "sizzling". The rice was on the bottom of the skillet plate so it ended up getting crunchy. Adding a great texture to the dish. The shrimp, scallops and chicken in the dish were tender. Also in it were pea pods, water chestnuts, carrots and mushrooms.

Even the fortune cookie at the end was a better grade cookie then take-out places.

Service was helpful, attentive and friendly.
For Wisconsin, this is about the best you are going to get for Chinese Food.

Sorry, you live in Wisconsin.

But the food is very good.  Huge servings, enormous shrimps, chicken that is tender, fresh rice.

Don't complain Cheeseheads, this is good as it gets for Chinese in Wisconsin.
Yum. Check out back of menu soups. Very good!
Lettuce wraps 3x better than PF Changs. If Yelp reviewers consider PF changs 3 stars, then this gets 5.

Just to clear up for those who want authentic Chinese. Go to ICHIBAN NOW!!!
How do you get voted best of for 31 years when what is served is awful? This is the worst Chinese food my entire family has had in years. We all ordered different things and none of us could eat our meals. That was $50 wasted. There was no flavor, or the flavor there was did not match the dish. How do you mess up beef fried rice? I can make it with more flavor. The Mongolian beef had a flavor but it was all wrong. If you want to waste money and still be hungry, this is the place for you. How do places keep getting good reviews when they are so bad. I use to trust Yelp reviews but lately, I've been fooled by the reviews.
I had fond memories of dining at the Imperial Garden... back in the 1990s, when I didn't really have access to more "exotic" and interesting foods. I've been to this location twice within the past year or so - once for lunch with a coworker, and once for dinner with friends last night.

+ Huge establishment - impressively big
+ Quick to be seated
+ Server was friendly
+ Waters were refilled quickly
+ Decent selection of bottled beers/drinks

- Massive menu, but not really... many identical dishes on the menu, with different protein options
- Food/dishes very salty, but otherwise bland in flavor. No spice, no interesting flavors/tastes
- Sea bass dish tasted extremely fishy; sea bass should be "clean" and non-fishy
- Duck was very fatty - extremely fatty
- Red Pepper Chicken ("very spicy") had zero flavor and was drowned in pasty brown sauce
- Service became extremely slow/absent after we received our entrees. Took us 30+ minutes to get checks, pay, and leave - entrees arrived at 7:15pm, we left at 8:15pm.

I'm glad the four of us split entrees last night... I would've been really disappointed had I ordered something for myself. It's just... not very good. Guessing this place caters to folks who want to eat adventurously without really doing so. The food is sub-par; this place is resting on some large laurels.

I'd much prefer a flavorful Thai or Indian dish. Won't be back.
Best Chinese food in the area. Great service and calming atmosphere.
What a crushing experience.
 My son was in town and when he is here we like to visit and spoil ourselves to a splurge of a dinner outing. This particular night was at the end of summer and there was an amazing thunderstorm about to occur. SO on this stormy night we decided on Chinese and I had recommended we drive to Middleton for what I had heard to be the best around.
Ok..so after a short 15 min drive we had a great parking spot...  ran inside and were greeted with a warming beautiful atmosphere.. very welcoming large foyer, nice bar area which u walk thru to get to your dining area.
After the immediate seating, WE were greeted  by a pleasant asian woman and ordered drinks. which turned out to be just right.

Appetizers were mediocre...nothing to remember...we had the app for two...calamari was HORRIBLE  btw  I could go into so much detail but who is gonna read all that....the following is my reason for writing...

My forewarning is NOT TO TRUST in ordering the Lobster dish. I wanted a decadent treat for myself and decided on the (market price) 45$ Lobster dinner entree which came with two choices of preparation. Ginger sauce or garlic butter  i ordered the garlic but the server said no the other was best.
More importantly i asked her how large the lobster was and if it was sold by pound cause it was listed as Market Price. She said she would inquire before i ordered and returned to our table and said it was 2.5 pds or larger. So that made me excited and i did not hesitate in my ordering. I thought 45 dollars was a great price for a generous 2.5 pd lobster entree.
What arrived on my plate was a cut up overly sauced jigsawed puzzled lobster animation on a platter which was in no way a 2.5 pound creature to begin with. It was dismantled then pieced together to look like a lobster shape. The meat was still in shell. (and I mean IN SHELL).  There was hardly any meat to be had. The tail which should have been the meatiest portion was cut in one inch pieces with shell INTACT and had yielded maybe 2 morsel of meat total.  I was shocked as i struggled to manipulate any source of goodness from the pieces of crustacean.There was literally no lobster and what was there was swimming in overpowering sticky sauce. All in all an EXTREME disappointment. Not what I was expecting in the LEAST!!

As the storm gained intensity outdoors, my high hopes and any thoughts of returning to this eatery were un-intensified. I will NEVER return. I cannot tolerate being misled by a server
 We ended up tipping and not making a fuss...just another lesson learned. The storm raged on , I did get to spend time with my son and hopefully educate you.. Not a total loss I guess.Just stay away from places like this that lie for profit and have followings that end up being ill fated.
Always consistently delicious! Classic preparations of Americanized Chinese. The cashew chicken is great!
I was in town visiting family and someone suggested IG. When I drove up to it, it brought back yummy memories. It's been years since I ate there. I am glad we went there for dinner. We ate governors chicken, governors beef, sweet and sour chicken, peppered beef and beef chow fun. Everyone ate their plates! Service was slow that night but the food made up for it!
There's a climactic scene in the movie Drive where the hero meets the badguy in a 'Chinese' restaurant. It's a prop for the movie to sell the idea of foreign while these two real bad American dudes hash out their differences. It's rich and exotic and mysterious and... goddamn exciting. 

IG is a Chinese American restaurant in the burbs of burbs that serves burbanites, but man it had that feeling.

The Russian friend and I went there on a Sunday night for their Peking Duck special. We got that and some appetizer platter and some wonton soup and some cocktails. None of it was particularly memorable, and in fact the Peking Duck skin was *not* crispy, but the presentation was spot on. There's been so much streamlining of Asian restaurants that nice chairs and big booths with lots of room is uncommon. And on top of it I am a sucker for ethnic restaurants that have good servers that can connect with customers. Do you know how rare that is? Take advantage and talk it out. Be polite and get good service.

I don't think Madison's foodies would give this place four stars. But I saw a bunch of other slant eyes here with me, and I imagined they were like me, wide eyed and happy to be here eating whatever this was.

I'd take my mom here.
Hands down the best Chinese food in Madison. The chicken chow mein has been a favorite since I was a child. Try the egg rolls and the jasmine or chrysanthemum tea. You really can never go wrong here! The decor is beautiful, and makes you almost feel like you could be in a restaurant in China.
Imperial Garden has been getting progressively worse over the last few years. The waitstaff has always been attentive and professional, and the wait time for food is reasonably short. The restaurant itself and the bathrooms are clean and spacious. The ambiance is relaxed and pleasant, and noise levels are comfortably low.

But none of these things can save the mediocre-to-bad food. That is, if you get your food at all. On more than one occasion, they have forgotten to include entire entrees or side dishes when I've picked up take-out. I now double-check all of my orders before leaving. The egg rolls taste like they came out of a box in the freezer. They are greasy and heavy, with very little flavor until you douse them in sweet-and-sour sauce that's so sweet it might as well be syrup. The same problems plague the entirely unremarkable crab rangoon. I've had the hot and sour soup, and disliked the taste quite a bit. Not spicy enough, and far too sour. I usually order the ginger beef stir-fry. There's hardly any ginger flavor, and the sauce is thick and also fairly sweet. If they halved the amount of sugar in everything, it would be a good start. I've had more success with the sizzling black pepper beef, which has a punch of black pepper and a good balance of meat and vegetables. On a recent trip, a friend got the beef lo mein. It had a nice quantity of beef, but an anemic quantity of vegetables. It was also very greasy and watery, and tasted extremely bland. The only reason I go here as often as I do is that my grandmother (the poster child for stereotypical Wisconsin taste buds, bless her heart) loves the three delicacies sizzling rice.

I did discover one saving grace: if you dump sriracha on the food, it blends very well with the food and elevates all of the flavors. Too bad they don't have any of it at the restaurant, it could save many a dish. Bottom line: there's much better, more authentic, more balanced, and less heavy Chinese food available in Madison at comparable prices. If you're looking for good Chinese in town, check out Hong Kong Cafe on Regent or Orient House on South Park instead.
The short of the story is - we went here yesterday (Mother's Day) and were there 3 hours! Waited a full 2 hours for our food. So if you have don't mind waiting an unbelievable amount of time for food and have all day to waste, then read on. . .

For years I have drove by the Imperial Garden and referred to it as the "Chinese Restaurant Gas Station". I don't even know if they are connected or what, but you see them both as you turn the corner. We decided to go to this place for Mother's Day and check it out. Talking to friends over the weekend, we were told it was pretty good.

The building is nice and the atmosphere of the restaurant was way nicer than I expected. Very large and nicely decorated. Not so cheesy like a lot of Chinese-American places in Wisconsin. The hostess greeted us very nicely and having reservations we were seated right away. 

Now - we were a larger than average group - table of 8 - but they clearly were set up for groups this big as they had large tables in the corner of the rooms with a spinning lazy susan in the middle that was perfect for us. I think we probably could have even gotten 9 or 10 people on this table. The waitress was very nice too. Came right away and got us drinks and very friendly.

This is when things went down hill. We did order appetizers, which came out right away. Pot Stickers - both steamed and fried - which were pretty good. Once our whole group arrived we all ordered regular items from their menu. Then we waited. Waited and waited and waited. Apparently so did everyone around us. For hours - over two to be exact. The waitress did her best - kept coming by and telling us she was sorry, that the Kitchen was crazy and that we were next. Honestly we should have left - but it was hard enough getting family members from 4 households together at one time. 

Eventually the food came out. To their credit, I thought everything tasted pretty good. I got two different shrimp dishes. Decent flavor, cooked perfectly - the snap peas and water chestnuts were good. Portion was decent on the Shrimp dinner and much larger on the chicken dinners that others in my group got. I agree with other reviews - its not the most adventurous food. Flavors were safe and my spicy shrimp wasn't very spicy at all. My sister-in-law was upset her Sesame Chicken with Broccoli came with one piece of broccoli. She complained and the waitress brought out a side of broccoli.

Overall, If the food wasn't pretty good - I would have given this place one star. I give our waitress credit for holding it together too. She offered free desert but we were about an hour late for getting to another place so had to go. Saddest thing is we heard that this has been an ongoing problem with the Kitchen. Sounds like they don't fire dishes in the order they come in and they have a lot of trouble keeping up with things. If they could correct this problem and add a bit more flavor into a few dishes, the place really could be ok.

Try it on your own risk - but I would plan on spending several long hours while you wait for your food.
Absolutely THE worst!  This place won "Best of Madison" for Chinese food for how many years??? The judge must have been completely stoned out of his mind! 
Customer service:  Very poor.  The server never checked back until I went looking for her, wondering where our order was 50 minutes after ordering. 
Food finally arrived for our group of four--STONE COLD!  Plates themselves were hot but practically frostbite on the food.  Couldn't eat it. 
Manager came by, apologized and took 50% off the bill (!!!). Should have been 100% comped. 
I'm one of those folks who normally overlooks a lot and actually hates to complain, but this culinary travesty really needed to be reported.  If this place previously had great food and service, then as of 2014 they've completely lost their "mojo".
This is our go-to Chinese restaurant in the Madison area.  Hands down, it's the best Chinese I've found so far.  I'd give it 5 stars if the prices were more reasonable and the dine-in environment was better.

Like I said, the food is superb.  My usual dish is Cashew Chicken.  It's hard to deviate from that when it's sooooo good.  Other dishes are excellent as well.  What I like about Imperial is that the meat quality is good.  The beef is tasty and tender - not tough or "questionable".  The chicken is good as well - not some of the gray chicken-like material found at lesser establishments.  

We don't dine in often or at all.  It's a little more formal than I prefer, and the experience can take a while.  Just not my preference.  I keep their number in my phone and call ahead for carry-out.  That's the way to go here, imho.

Their location is very convenient for those of us that work in town and live in the western 'burbs.  The portions they give out are very fair - my cashew chicken typically leaves me with a nice lunch for work the next day. 

If you're looking for top-quality Chinese food, I highly recommend getting take-out here.  If you don't mind a more formal setting and have the time, go ahead and dine in.
Bottom line -  if you NEED to see your football game, this bar will have it guaranteed.  Seating is a bit limited, so get there at least an hour early to get a decent seat in front of your screen.  If you can go to a Champps, you'd be better off there.
Not a bad spot to watch a Vikings game in Madison.  There will be only two games with audio at once, one of them will always be the packers.  Many TVs, but there will be one, maybe two screens to watch your game - most tvs are about 30 inches.  Food is ok.  Cheese curds were great, nachos were nothing special, wings are mediocre at best.  Frosty mugs for your beer was a nice touch.  Free popcorn too.  Grub is cheap (nachos, wings, pitchers of beer $25)
The one problem I had was that we only had one 32-inch screen (with audio) for about 30 vikings fans, and they cornered us in the game room next to air hockey and basketball arcade games, so it was an annoying distraction to listen to that all game.  You would think they'd show at least two screens in that room for us. For fellow vikes, you get a great community mn experience.
This place is fun!  Huge space, lots to do... limited parking, but park down the street.  I went there with a big group & saw SuperTuesday (great cover band, 1st time seeing them)  This place is pretty close to my place & I can see myself going more often.  There's something for everyone.  And if you are a girl, you can always get to the bar (just smile).
Don't bother going here to watch the NFL unless you're a Packers fan.  Refused to turn up volume in a room full of Bears fans so we could actually hear the game.
Ok crowd. Good place to see concerts. But stupid expensive drinks and the bartenders do not give very good service. I've downgraded this place to only a concert stop. And only then if there is nothing else going on.
Pooley's has too small of a parking lot to host too large of event.  Beware that the Madison Cops watch the side streets and are ready and waiting to write parking tickets.  Friends and I recently went to Pooley's for a Madison County Concert. The parking lot had over flown into the neighboring parking lots and folks ended up parking on the side street. After the show we found that everyone that parked around the corner on Cross Hill Drive had parking tickets issued.  I know we won't be going back there anytime soon.
Parking there is a pain in the ass. The ever popular MPD wasted no time in ticketing 10+ cars parked around the corner. The signs read, no parking between 10 PM and 5 AM - hrm, seems be aimed directly at the Bar business. WTF.  Perhaps the obnoxious, money grubbing city of Madison could consider issuing *warnings* first, or make the tickets a nominal fine, like 5 bucks. Oh, we can't do that and still fund the liberal bike boxes, can we ? Or buy snow making machines. So instead of wisely spending money, they'll sock it to people out and about. Way to go Madison. 

The bar itself is fine, plenty of room, except, the bathrooms - they should put in MORE! There were girls in the men's bathroom waiting to use the stall.
I have been going here a long time. Since they opened. Since they had Inddor Sand Courts. The staff are friendly. Not sure about this new food service.... But I don't goto a bar for food. I goto a bar to have fun. 
This place is a blast, did I forget to mention about the outdoor patio and live music. 
No I do not work there. No I do not own anything. I am just someone who has always been treated right. I feel that when a place treats you right. You do the same.
Typical sports bar layout: taps, cheap drinks and a ton of tv's. They've a semi-separate room for pool and darts. 

Saw the Packers opener here. The table service was friendly and polite, and very quick with drinks. 

The rounds ordered from the bar were quick, too. The bartenders were good guys, joked a lot, and seemed happy to be there doing what they do...which is exactly what I look for. 

Also of note, they have an insane amount of sports memorabilia, with a ton signed, from all across the spectrum and the last six-plus decades. 

This place is definitely worth a visit or two, as the atmosphere was great for the game. A bit long of a wait for typical bar food is the only drawback.
This place is awful.  

Drinks are way overpriced and weaker than a popcorn fart.

The place is filthy inside and smells like a old, sweaty jock strap.

Staff is slower than molasses and you'd see the Minnesota Vikings in the Super Bowl before you get served.

Always a testicle festival.  No hot single chicks here.  

Rather buy a 12 pack of Ultra and spend my Friday night under a bridge.

Go Packers!!!!!!
We went here to watch football on Sunday, and even though they were very very slow...service was lacking.  They seem to have a lot of regulars around the bar, who occupy the attention of the bartenders. Otherwise, being a "regular" customer, it was hard to get service. I was also a little bit disturbed because the girl bartender, who clearly just rolled out of bed after a long new years eve celebration, was sitting on the counter..with her shoes placed on the SAME spot where they place the clean glasses--mouth down. 

The atomosphere was great, and I think this could be a great place to watch a game, but wouldn't make the drive back out there with the service we had.
If you are a sports fan and enjoy all kinds of memoribilia then this is a place for you.  They have so much memoribilia and signed stuff.  Very fun to look at.

This is a great place to watch a Badger game if you don't have tickets.

The food is great too.  I personally recommend the Italian beef and sausage combo with peppers.  Wash is down with a cold beer and you are set.
This would be the perfect site for the TV shows "Bar Rescue" or "Kitchen Nightmares."
The biggest weakness was the waitress we had. Slow service for both the drinks and our food. This is a bar: the drinks should have come fast and furious. The food arrived before the plates. The waitress forgot my water. Waitress never checked to see if I wanted another drink.
Places like this should be using mystery shoppers to test and improve their service. And this bar is in Madison, WI, where there are a million other bars one can go to.
Pooley's has partnered with a new restaurant and the food is AMAZING! I was skeptical to return there after a bad experience with the old restaurant owner and the food has improved 150%... I will definitely be going back for nachos and the Italian beef and enjoy myself a Capitol Seasonal!
This is one of the best brunch spots in town, but you better come hungry.  It's a great spot to bring folks from out of town or relatives you need to impress but my favorite is our "ladies who brunch" crowd. When you first walk in, look for the little closet to your left.  The entire thing is "papered" with the silver sheet of Wrigley's gum wrappers. It's great to see the sense of humor in a place that could otherwise be a bit overwhelming.

Membership to the Wrigley Mansion Club is just $10 a year, so it's affordable for all.  We originally went when my friend got a members email about a discount they were doing for their first brunch of the year.  Half price was an awesome way to do it, though the $42/person fee isn't really bad at all for this level of champagne brunch.  

The food was really quite good and displayed very nicely in different rooms based on the type of food.  This was a great opportunity to go from room to room and back to your table again.  After brunch it's great to grab a drink at the bar and hang out outside to just enjoy the view.

Final note - yes, valet is the only way to go.  I can't imagine trying to even remember where I parked my car on this large estate!  I leave that to the experts!
My husband and I were fortunate enough to be invited to a wedding at this beautiful venue last weekend.  Driving up the mountainside, you reach this beautiful building with incredible city and mountain views.  Due to the rain on Friday and Saturday morning, they had to move the ceremony inside, but it worked out perfectly.  The mansion was decorated for Christmas and it was so lovely.  

After the ceremony, the doors opened to the reception room that included floor to ceiling windows so that the views and sunset could be taken in by everyone.  The tables were set beautifully with gold chargers and nice silver.  The appetizers served during the cocktail hour were all delicious especially the quiche and the tomato and mozerrella crackers.  The bar was prompt and the dinner of beef tenderloin was great.  

Make sure you check out all of the decor if you make it up to the mansion.  The Wrigley's were definitely not minimalists!
Whoa! What an amazing place, with even more amazing views of Paradise Valley opulence. Hey, this IS the former mansion of the Wrigley chewing gum dude!

It's been awhile, but I do remember being awestruck the first time I visited. I have been back recently for casual networking functions.

The dining rooms are unique and elegant with original masterpieces on the wall, the food is exquisite, the service is 1st class all the way.

If you want to blow someone away - take them here.
Best Halloween Party in the valley.   Get your friends organized and come to this Halloween party.   It is awesome.   I have gone two years now and am amazed at the creativity and boldness of the costumes.   It is a perfect venue.   It is really like roaming around in a haunted house.   Two live bands and the drink prices were reasonable.    Hey,  two girls were only wearing body paint!  Wow.

The view at sunset is just breathtaking.    Great place for a really special date.
Is it an historic mansion, high above Phoenix, with a famous history of who's who? Indeed. Was it a fun venue for a concert by CeCe Peniston? Absolutely. Did I enjoy the limo, wine in the dressing room and VIP treatment from their staff? You bet your sweet ass I did. 

But the smell. Seriously. Like my geriatric Aunt Helen's closet. Or the community room at a convalescent home. Or Bea Arthur's hair. 

Here I thought it would smell like Juicy Fruit.
Sweet.  I went to the bar, Geordie's, for my first visit to the Mansion.  Had a few glasses of wine and then started to wander.  What a neat place to get away from it all and relax.  The bar menu is pretty limited so keep that in mind, oh and I hear that this place closes for special events so always call ahead. And the view is not too bad either.
Have you tried Fireside Sunday evenings? A band, outdoor patio seating, best view in the state, firepits, heat lamps, free buffet (if your table spends $20+ on drinks, easliy done! esp. since they have drink specials). Great for family, kids, older, younger, date nite.
I have now attended a few events at Wrigley, or "The Mansion" as I like to call it. 

"What are you doing tonight?"
"Oh I am attending a little soiree at 'The Mansion." 

I want to live here,,,and be Batman...maybe Iron Man, I haven't decided for sure. 

Go here. Be Tony Stark, or Bruce Wayne for the night.

There is something indescribably awesome about donning the pocket square and having drinks and socializing in a friggin masion.

The drinks tend to be pricey but if they weren't I don't know if I would feel nearly as cool being here. 

When I live here I will throw crazy UYEs so you should all be prepared to dress the nines and party all night.
Such fun Halloween parties!  Love wandering around.  Beautiful place.  Fun to be with a group.  

Attended a Christmas Business party there one time.  Great food and service.  

Always a good time!

Oh, and I really wish they had a coat check.  Hauling around my coat at the Christmas party was a drag.
Kinda dumpy, and not entirely in an endearing, it's-an-almost-hundred-year-old-place kinda way.  Service was ok-ish, music terrible (live music Friday nights - not a fan myself).  This place gets 4 stars for the food.  Burger and fries.  Epic win.  Burger with bacon, dried apples (??? I know, right?!) and a huge gob of blue cheese on an english muffin.  Fries were awesome, too, served with a giant cuppa ketchup.  Burger was slightly overdone, unsure whether there was ordering confusion or what happened (I shared the burger w/ a friend, we both agreed it was awesome despite unfortunate well-doneness).  I liked my drink, I paid 15.50 for two of em which is a pretty good deal.  

All-in-all, a surprisingly accessible yet highly unique place - offbeat.  Seems like it needs a look at the details - a fresh coat of paint, so to speak.  I'm totally coming back here when I need a place with character.  I'm psyched about getting the food here again, too.
Well I certainly wouldn't mind living here...unless spearmint flavored ghosts wander the halls after midnight. Anyway...I had a lovely evening here celebrating the birthdays of Matthew and Shannon and even Emily (?) whom I hadn't met. The place absolutely targets an older crowd but the indoor lounge space above the bar was comfortable enough for our group and nearly private. 

I'm not a huge liquor drinker so I missed out on the five dollar cocktails until 7PM and their wine list was okay but had very few by the glass options. The chef's taco of the night was cod and even though it was a frozen battered affair, the seasonings really brought it to life. The tortillas were a disaster though, they were literally pulled straight from the Mission flour tortilla bag and not even heated. sad. Oh i snatched a few truffle flavored french fries from Christina and thought they were just right...mmm french fries...

Wrigley's has a beautiful organic feel to it, the way it hugs the hilltop and the views are killer! Briana was very friendly and it was nice to see the chef come up to say hello too. The Friday night live music was not my speed, but god bless that man for singing his heart out to a practically empty room. I think this would be a great place for a private party, maybe a rehearsal dinner or business party.
I love the Wrigley Mansion! 

I was there a few years ago for a wine maker's dinner and it was beyond memorable: the food, the wine, the views.

And, just last night about 12 of us gathered to celebrate a birthday. The staff were very accommodating and offered us the loft above Geordie's for a semiprivate feel. We didn't have any "minimums" or "room rentals." Our server did a great job and got quite the work out going up and down the stairs with our drinks and food! Happy hour runs until 7 and features $5 specialty martinis, which are full size and strength! There's even a tequilla-tini that tastes like a margarita and looks like a Mexican flag!

The executive chef came up to welcome and thank our group, which was such a hospitable gesture! I told him how I enjoyed the truffle fries and the burger (see Andrew K's review - BTW, I'm the one who screwed it up by saying "not too much pink") and he explained how they pride themselves on knowing where all their food comes from. They even dry those apples themselves - in-house!

It's true that the place was NOT crowded, which works for me because it means I don't have to fight with anyone for a seat to watch some of the country's best sunsets over a cocktail! I really need to come here more often! I will definitely be back!!
I have had several meal at the Mansion Club. There is NO membership by the way, well ok its like $10 a year. Jordie Hormel, the owner (recently passed away) needed to do that to annoy the neighbors. Good for him. There are some great stories there.

The Club has started a "pay what you think its worth" lunch. The menu is quite wonderful, London Broil, A fantastic burger, Caesar Salad and a few other things. The meal is awesome, kudos to the Chef. By the way if you ever want to have a Sunday Brunch that you won't forget, go there on a Sunday. It is pricey BUT you won't find a wider selection of food, and I mean great food, seafood, steaks, soups, appetizers, and don't get me started on desserts.

Ok, back to pay what you think. While that part is true, they bring out the bill and you fill in what you want to pay, what they don't tell you is that iced tea is $3 and there is tax and of course tip.So it will still cost you around $10 if you put down $5 or $6.

I had a meet up there with a friend, we both know the place well. Guess I try to keep lunches under $7 these days. Our waitress was wonderful, and the chef did come by the table to say hello. 

We got to sit outside, we requested that. It was nice, but the umbrellas had to be moved a few times to cut off the suns direct rays.

I have no problems with the food, its the best. I wish they were a little more open on beverage costs. They also offered a dessert menu that was extra, and I hate to admit it but I passed. Items were $5 each on there, and the list was pretty impressive for a midweek lunch.

I'll be back but be ready to pay $10 unless you put down $5 or less for the actual meal.
After living in AZ for most of my life, I have finally been to the Wrigley Mansion! Who knew it would take this long and now I can't wait to go back! 

As a surprise, the BF made a dinner reservation here on Friday and it was great! We had a table outside and really enjoyed the amazing view and the atmosphere of this awesome Phoenix gem! 

Overall, the food was pretty good (loved the truffle fries!) and the service was good, although a bit slow, but none of that mattered because it is just too cool of a place! Most of all, you gotta love a night that starts with being handed a glass of champagne and told to go roam at your leisure around this gorgeous property with so much cool history! 

Really worth checking out and also a great location for large and small parties as they have multiple rooms that can accommodate groups! Can't wait to go back!
Go for Sunday brunch.  The champagne keeps flowing without even having to prompt for a refill.  With shrimp, oysters, lamb, prime rib, an omelet station (with lobster!) and other assorted breakfast stuff you can't go wrong.  It's a little "blue hair" and there are ladies in hats so the "hipness" factor is definitely not there.  However, it's a classic experience that you'll be glad you had.  Definitely a fun place to feed & graze on a Sunday and the view is sweet!
For a special occasion (my daughter's birthday) my family made reservations at Geordie's at the Wrigley Mansion for their Sunday brunch. First of all, the atmosphere is fabulous...gorgeous old mansion with wonderful architectural accents and the view....well it is easily the best in the valley. We have been here before and usually it was crowded but yesterday it was practically a ghost town. It is expensive, and times are tough, and of course it is summer in the valley...but still there was no one in the bar and only one of the beautiful rooms was being used to seat diners. 
The brunch is lovely, with all the typical stuff: made to order omelets, salad bar, breakfast breads a plenty and the two things that are MOST important to my husband: big cold shrimp and carved prime rib! Our service was impeccable and wonderfully friendly. For a lovely, delicious brunch with some class, check it out!
Last weekend we went to Wrigley Mansion for the fabulous Sunday champagne brunch and it certainly did not disappoint! This was my 4th trip to the Mansion for special occasions, and I was sad to see how empty it was compared to the previous times I had been before! We had a 1PM reservation and by 2:30 we were pretty much the last table in the place.

However, the servers were wonderfully friendly and helpful and the food stayed replenished the entire time, which I appreciated greatly since it was such a quiet day. 
The best parts of the brunch are the endless champagne/mimosas and the variety of the buffett, especially the seafood and omelet stations. Last year we decided to try a different brunch spot and it was not even close to Wrigley. Plus, it is so reasonably priced! (around $40 a person) 

So in summation, if you are looking for a great brunch with killer views, look no further.
This place is amazing. We did the tour of the mansion with lunch to follow. The place is filled with so much interesting history we just loved it.  

Lunch was interesting....

They have a promotion going on that for lunch you name the price of the meal. I really thought, ok this may not be that good... But just the opposite. The plates were huge and the food was very tasty. I had the beef dip with white truffle fries and it was so much I couldn't finish it. My dad had the penne pasta with shimp. And where you'd think you'd get these itty bitty shimps, that is not the story here. They were very large and plentiful. My boyfriend had the veggie wrap and he enjoyed all the fresh veggies and salad. The hardest part was coming up with a price for the entree, it was all so good we averaged our meal between $10-$15 for each plate.
i love hitting up the wrigley mansion for a cocktail with a girlfriend. the music is generally pretty good and the bartender has always been entertaining. the place draws a diverse and interesting crowd for people-watching. 

strangely enough, since my first visit almost 7 years ago, i've had a strange recurring nightmare where the setting is the dear old wrigley mansion. i certainly can't blame the wrigleys, or anyone else for that matter, but it was worth mentioning.

to fully enjoy the experience, bring a friend ... someone that will notice what you don't, and vice versa. take the time to walk around. a tour isn't necessary, but will provide insights into the mansion you couldn't have gotten on the self-guided version. enjoy the gardens, the grounds, the ambiance, the splendor. imagine a time when people lived here. and take a short moment to be thankful to have access to this gem.
I thought this place rocked.

We made dinner reservations for a Friday night for a table with a view.
We were in the inside portion of the mansion with a large party.

The food was great, views were great, drinks were great.
My favorite part was being handed a glass of sparkling wine as we entered.  Yay!

After dinner we explored the house.  Then we moved to the lounge and found a very, very entertaining and maybe drunk lounge singer (think of the band at the end of the Hangover movie)

I would definitely return for a fancy brunch or special night out.
The ambiance was amazing, the sparkling wine upon entry is a great touch, and the service was decent (although a bit young and inexperienced overall).

So with all the highlights out of the way, let's get on to my problem with the Wrigley Mansion.  The food was overall good, but not exquisite.  Of the four dishes that we tried, I would have thought we selected from the menu of a $15 per plate neighborhood restaurant, not a $25+ fine dining destination.

Then I ordered the wine, 2004 Rombauer Merlot, a very familiar vintage for me.  It was bad.  Next glass, different bottle, also bad (can't remember what it was, though).  I ended up with a glass of the house wine.  Bad wine is unacceptable for any restaurant, especially when wine can play such an important role in the meal.

Dessert was great, but I only know because I stole a bite from Catherine's plate.  I'm just not a desert guy.

Overall, I would say that yes I will go back as soon as they lower prices and downgrade the ambiance to be more casual, or fix the problems.  Until then, I can think of several better values for fine dining, mostly in the very same area where Wrigley Mansion competes for business.
I have to add to the chorus of 5-stars...My g/f and I were here a couple of weeks ago, and sat out on the deck of Geordie's sipping happy hour martinis and cosmos the likes of which only "The Mansion" can serve up. Our server was ultra-friendly and helpful as we soaked up one of the best views in the Valley. We had the pomme frites as a shared appetizer with some kind of bleu cheese topping - c'est magnifique! Cost was very doable. We also enjoyed wandering around the place learning the history of this beautifully and authentically preserved gem of Phoenix. Go as soon as you can, and yes - call ahead to make sure they aren't closed for a special event.
I went to Wrigley with the Network of Business Women.  It was my first time there.  I had no idea where it was, but once I got there, I was pleasantly surprised.  The atmosphere was so beautiful and relaxed.  It was a great place to have lunch.  I had a steak salad and it was absolutely yummy.  

Great history on the house...I need to go back for their free tours.  I think they are at 10 and 3 everyday they are open.  (Check on that first)I heard they have a great Sunday Brunch, so I will be making my way out there again.  I would love to hang out on their patio one fall morning or evening.  Either way it would be awesome.
If you are not enjoying half price bottles of wine...while on the casual outdoor patio overlooking the city...on a Sunday afternoon from 4PM-8PM...listening to the AWESOME band, Delcoa, you are totally missing out on a fabulous event!

This reminds me of my favorite Keats quote, "Give me books, French wine, and fine weather, and a little music out of doors played by someone I do not know."

Don't expect great service, but the atmosphere and the band totally make up for it.

Check out the band at: http://www.myspace.com/delcoa.
This was the first time I'd been to Wrigley Mansion while it was open.  I had a "private tour" by an employee once and got to see everything and it really is a great place.
Went for a birthday party and we had dinner.  $5 for valet parking, which is really reasonable, I think.  Especially in heels, cuz this girl ain't walkin' up them thar stairs.  
We had a private dining room, about 25 or so of us.  Wait staff did an awesome job dealing with such a huge party and handling our bill.
If it weren't for the food and price, I would have given this place 5 stars.  I started with the leek tart, which was amazing and a great portion size for an appetizer.
Next, had the Tuna Nicoise salad.  This is where they lose a star, and it wasn't just me voicing a problem with the size of the portion.  There was definitely plenty of tuna on it, but as Erin said "You'd think they would have put more of the cheap stuff on it" meaning there wasn't a whole lot of salad.  And the roasted potatoes that came with it?  I had two cubes of HARD potatoes.  They were barely cooked.  The tuna was perfectly seared on the outside and still nicely red on the inside.  If it weren't for that, I would have been horribly disappointed.  $43 for an appetizer, a salad and a bottle of Pellegrino.  (That included the gratuity added for such a large group).  
Wrigley is all about the ambiance and view, and it surpasses what you could describe it to be.  Seeing the city at night and being surrounded by cool peeps is what really made the place!
The Wrigley Mansion is one of a few historical venues in a city that does not value its past and history. That said, you would think that fact would guarantee a top quality meal and fine dining experience at Geordie's Restaurant. Regrettably, Geordie's turned out to be no better than any other overly-hyped but underwhelming restaurant one would find at a 4- or 5-star resort.

I have lived in the Valley for nearly 10 years, and last night was the first time I had ever visited the Wrigley Mansion. I always felt somewhat guilty for never have visited, but I can say with near 100% certainty that my first visit is also my last. The service and wait staff performed well, but the food was the equivalent of one might get at Applebee's, and certainly not worth what I paid.

I started off with the carpaccio, which was probably the most disappointing part of the meal. I have had some mediocre carpaccio before, but never this poorly prepared. I suspect a bad cut of beef. I also ordered a side of their white truffle fries that arrived with excessive garlic. The fries themselves were overcooked and tasted like Jack In The Box fries. Generous amounts of catsup were required to make them somewhat edible. For the entre I tried the server-recommended lamb chop, which I requested to be prepared medium. When it arrived, it was clearly not medium. The meat was tough and lacked any flavor, and the au jus was entirely too salty.

The beverage service was quite prompt, however I think the bartender should go back to mixology school. The Manhattan I ordered had too much vermouth and hardly any bitters, while the lemon drop was neither sweet or bitter.

The purpose of the evening was to celebrate a friends birthday, so our dinner party had a whole room to ourselves. Given the size of the party, the wait staff did do an excellent job of making sure we were well served. Our glasses were never empty and the food did arrive promptly. Unfortunately, that alone could not make up for the poor food quality and exorbitant price.
The food was pretty disappointing for the price, and the drinks menu left much to be desired.  The music was ok, and the service was very close to on-point for the size of the party.  The space is tremendous; as many have said, it's one of the very few places like it in Phoenix with real history.  I just wish they would bring the kitchen and bar up to the same level as the location.
Brunch at the Wrigley Mansion is something every Phoenician needs to experience in their lifetime.  The mansion itself is a feast for the eyes, with its spanish colonial, californian, and mediterranean architecture.  Built in the late 1920s to early 30s, this 24-room home was adorned with gold leaf ceilings, making it look all the more like the castle on the hill.  

Come on a weekend and visit Geordie's restaurant, where you will have the brunch experience of your life.

Picture yourself in a sun room, overlooking the verdant neighborhoods of Paradise Valley and the Biltmore, with the glittering skyline of Phoenix in the distance.  Live piano music wafts into the room, as the smells of bread puddings and cobblers, french toasts and waffles, roast turkey and prime rib envelop your senses.  Champagne glasses sparkle on the table, covered with crisp white linens, as a well dressed waiter approaches the table to fill the bottom-less champagne flute with your mimosa.

The lavish and wickedly indulgent buffet is worth every bit of the $50 price tag.  This beats any brunch buffet in Vegas, and is gastronomic luxury at its finest.

Below are just a few of the items that my company and I indulged in, and loved immensely.

Cherry chocolate cobbler, (oh mercy, I thought i had tried it all - until i savored this) blueberry bread pudding, (the gods have smiled on thee) cherry blintz, carrot cake, caramel cheese cake, chocolate espressocake, Danishes, the lavish salad bar, exotic fruit including figs and papaya, seafood bar featuring oysters and shrimp, made to order omlets, various pastas, prime rib, eggs Benedict, and french toast.

Savor a taste of the past, bask in the views and the sun, sip mimosas until you can't stand straight, and eat lots of chocolate cherry cobbler.

Special thanks go out to Stephanie Vieira, Catering Sales and Special Events Manager, who recently sponsored a wonderful event at the Wrigley for local wedding and event professionals.  Food selection and entertainment were excellent.  I would highly recommend this facility for a romantic wedding, or just celebrating a special occasion.
I was really excited to visit the Wrigley for my friends birthday. I have been meaning to try this place for years and the Yelp hype has been pretty strong. I was immediately impressed by the staff, we had a very big group and they were attentive and got our drinks and orders in right away. The view of the city was breathtaking and I would come back for happy hour, but just to watch the sunset and a have a cocktail. 
 
That being said... Geordie's restaurant had horrible food. Honestly, one star at best. I had the Cesar salad which was fishy with stale croutons. I also tried the beet and goat cheese salad and I kept looking around for the goat cheese, I had one small dollop hiding under a bib of lettuce. The carpaccio was the worst I have ever tasted. I think the cut may have been bad and I couldn't take more than two bites. I also ordered a side of their white truffle fries; they were the only part of my meal that was anything more than mediocre. For my main I had the tenderloin and it was tough and chewy, the potatoes that came on the side were a joke. 
 
I've been told that Wrigley has the "pay what you will" for lunch. If they applied this to the dinner they served I would left with a much heavier wallet. All in all the over hyped experience left me quite under whelmed. Sure it is a great place to impress your out of town guests with, for the view and history alone. Just take them somewhere else for dinner (like Dick's or Caf Barrio) if you want an impressive meal.
Want a beautiful mountain top patio with mountain and city views but lack the 2.5 mil? Than this may be a good spot. 

On Sunday nights, they have live music drinks and a buffet on the patio. While the buffet did not look even remotely appetizing but it was cheap ($5) the views, music and wine were decent. 

This particular evening the wine bottles were half off so they were only somewhat overpriced. I opted for a strong and sweet wine from Lodi ca.

One complaint I did have was our service my water never got refilled, I had to refill my wine glass, my chilled white wine bottle came without a ice bucket on a warm outdoor evening

This is a great spot for an early Sunday date.
Amazing food, amazing views. Great secret date place.
My boyfriend took me to Wrigley Mansion on our first official date. To say the least it was amazing! 

Although parking may seem to be a challenge, but there is always Valley Parking, which is not too expensive. The view from this place is just spectacular - you see the whole Phoenix at your feet! 

Since I come from Europe I immediately appreciated the architecture of the mansion. The rooms are rather small to modern taste, but for the times when if was build, of course, these are just perfect. When you go, definitely check out the bathrooms! Most of them have a comfy couch where you can lounge for a bit, but don't take too long as there may be a line of people waiting after you :)

The food was great! We had duck and salmon. It came out of the kitchen really fast and was very delicious for our European taste buds. Service was not annoying, they allowed us some privacy, which is awesome for the first date :)

The hall where we ate had live music. I think they have someone perform every night on the weekend. And right before we left, we visited  the hall next door and learned to Swing dance with a group of regulars :) 

It was a very fun date and definitely worth the time and money!
Sunday night outdoors at the wrigley is wonderful!  Half price bottles of wine, a great buffet and fun, live entertainment.   Our waitress was not great, but it didn't really matter since it was a buffet and we had our wine and glasses.  We will be back!
I didn't stay to eat, so I really can not rate the food or service, The mansion was absolutely beautiful, its a great central location and I totally recommend it for weddings, events, or parties; but I was really looking forward to their Sunday Happy Hour at Geordie's on the Patio, so we tried to go on 4th of July. The only food available were a choice of 5 sandwiches:( hot dogs, chicken, burger, brats, mahi-mahi with a choice of one side.) Although I understand it was meant to be like a barbecue, and possible special event for the holiday, there were no options if you were a vegetarian such as a simple salad. The beer choices were Bud light, miller light, I think Corona and Michelob, so if you like a craft beer you are out of luck. I recommend the option for a selection of a few craft beers, and a little more variety in food. The Patio was definitely beautiful with a fantastic view, in a cooler weather situation would be optimal---there were no misters set up and there were only two umbrellas in the middle that shaded about 2 tables on the entire patio, so most of the seating was in the sun, and here in Phoenix it is a little too hot to be sitting outside for long periods without some relief from the sun and during the summer months it does not get dark until around 8pm. I was really looking forward to seeing Delcoa play, but by bad timing I guess we showed up during a break in between sets. I would have really liked this place under slightly different circumstances. The Happy hour definitely has potential.
The Wrigley Mansion holds a spot in my heart already (its where the husband first told me he loved me, so romantic) 

This place is top notch and extremely impressive whether you are having lunch or just drinks. 

My aunt is visiting from out of town and I really wanted to give her a good time. I had mentioned that we should try to get reservations at the Wrigley and her eyes lit up! As it turns out, in the 30 years she has been coming to visit no one has ever taken her there! I called and was able to get a lunch reservation for the very next day! 

Everyone there is so friendly, from the valet to the hostess to the waiters and staff. Our lunch was AMAZING! I had the french onion soup and grilled veggie panini, soooooooooo tasty! 

After wards we roamed the halls and learned some cool facts about The mansion! 

This place is fantastic! If you want to impress a date, take them here for dinner! If you want to have a fabulous lunch (and let me note, not pricey at all, for 3 of us our bill was just barely over $40!!!) GO HERE!
I am pissed!  I have been attending the Wrigley Mansion for music on the patio for over a year now, and have been raving to all of my friends about it.  All the stars happened to align this last Sunday, and ten (10) of my friends attended with me.

I was embarrassed because it was no longer the same Wrigley.

In two weeks (since I was there last), all the rules changed.  The cool band, Delcoa, is no longer the band.  There is no longer a $7 buffet.  There remains half price bottles of wine, but they increased the price of the bottles.  Um, excuse me, but if I am going to a casual event on an outdoor patio, why the hell would I buy a $90 bottle of wine (discounted to $45...ooh, what a bargain)!!!?  I swear, even the outdoor lighting has been removed!!!

And they have no Facebook presence where I might have been notified...nothing different on the website to indicate a "rebranding."

They did still have a good crowd.  I think the crowd follows the band, so all of these people were new to me.  But they were not prepared.  The service was very poor.  (Remember, I was seated at a table of 10...Hello!!!?  Cha Ching!!!?)

It's likely I won't be back.
Want a special place to go with your loved one; recommend you go here.   It is a great historical place and great food.    Highly recommend their holiday brunches.     The views are great.     Waite staff do a great job.     

Have eaten here several times and have never been disappointed.      Great place to eat and after the meal enjoy the Manison and flora and fona.
Great music good friendly staff good food. GREAT VIEW
My wife and I went here Friday night.  Our plan was to sit in the lounge, enjoy a few cocktails and have some appetizers and a burger.  This plan was thwarted when the bar tender looked at me like I was insane when I asked about their burger.  He told us they haven't had a burger in years.  The bar menu on their website clearly states that they have a burger which was perfect because my wife and I weren't in the mood for the fancy fare of their main dining room.

We sat at a table on their patio.  The weather was perfect and the view was even better.  We ordered our first round of drinks and yes they do jack you on the price but that was to be expected.  We then ordered some food to share.

* Flat bread pizza thing - excellent
* Beet salad - pretty good and pretty unique.  I can't explain it but it is worth a try.
* Oysters - not so good.  I have no idea why we got this but for some reason my wife wanted it so go figure.
* Truffled mac n' cheese - OMG - Best.  Thing.  Ever.

The mansion itself is beautiful but could use a bit of updating especially on the inside.  I do regret, however, not exploring the mansion as much as I should have.  We pretty much stuck to one small wing of the place but there was probably so much more to it than we saw.

Oh...and their parking situation is a complete clusterfuk.  The signage telling you where to park, where the valet is, and how to get to the mansion entrance is a complete joke and almost non-existent.  Would it kill them to have more/bigger signs and maybe some lights so you can see them?

** Pro Tip = get the $50 Local Dines gift cert for $25 ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ).  Of course they will complain and try to tell you all the rules that somehow aren't listed anywhere.  They will even try to tell you what "dinner" food is and what is not.  Just tell them that if you want oysters and vodka for dinner then that is your choice.  If they want you to get a $65 steak in the main dining room they should clearly say that on the offer.
Slightly awkward... But decent.. kinda over priced, kinda over hyped...but thats what i expected. Went here for my Beautyface's birthday dinner. I think we would try to visit the lounge next time, but I doubt we would return for the whole dinner thing. Should have sit on the patio instead of the stuffy dining area... Just not our cup of tea... the mansion is nice though.
Food, Service, and Ambiance that lives up to the Wrigley name.

It's been a good year and it was time to celebrate.  There are many expensive restaurants in the Phoenix area, but none with a history as rich as 'Wrigley'.  I'm a gourmet chef and so I'm pretty tough on restaurants - the food has to be better than I can prepare at home. The Wrigley Mansion Club exceeded that standard with no problem.

The quality and presentation of the food were excellent. The service was impeccable.  And as for ambiance, we were seated in the Mansion's formal dining room; what more can I say.
Decent food, incredible ambiance, nice wine flight.  Great place for a romantic dinner or happy hour if the weather is warm.  Dress up and impress your date!
Best brunch I have had in a very long time. The service is beyond excellent. I couldn't finish a glass of water or mimosa if i tried. The servers worked as a great team and made sure our table was always cleaned when we went for more food and our glasses filled. 

The seafood buffet options (king crab and shrimp) were tasty as were all of the meat options (lamb, roast beef, bacon covered port roast). 

The only knock I would have against the food was the deserts, which mainly were little layer cakes. They tasted stale and prepared long before they were served. 

However, you will impress everyone you bring with the amazing views of the city.
I was excited to try this place and when I saw the travelzoo deal I jumped on it. I was trying to think of the best way to describe their food and it reminded me of convention center food.  I think they have catered to too many weddings and have lost the art of cooking quality meals.

This is also one of those places where you get the feeling that its cool to pay more for less. We were seated inside after requesting a patio seat and we brought the average age down about 30 years. It was hot and stuffy and the seats were so uncomfortable I had to take some advil when I got home. Had the worst french onion soup I've ever seen/ eaten (not sure how you mess that up?) and the salmon was too salty even for me.  I'm would not consider myself a food snob but I have eaten plenty of good food and this place just doesn't make the cut.  The only plus side to our dinner was being able to walk around the mansion and see the decor afterwards.  If we had actually been able to sit on the patio I"m sure the view would have been nice.

In summary.... 
Average age: 65 
Food quality: sub par 
Decor: antique 
Bill with discount: $110 
Recommend? NO
This is a fun place for a special event.

A friend had his rehearsal dinner here a couple of months ago and everything was great.

Was up here this week for AZ Foothills Magazine's Best of 2011 party.  Great views, cozy decor. 

Check out Geordie's bar at sunset for a nice experience.

Be prepared for valet parking only.
went for sunday brunch.   very nice, a little pricey but nice venue.
Beautiful view is all they got going for them. We took our family from New York here. The view was fabulous and the story ends pretty much there if you want to hear good reviews. The food was horrible!!! We all got something different so four people can't be wrong. The server was the worst I have ever seen. Ok so if you know you are busy why don't you update your guests instead of ignoring them knowing that you are busy and won't be able to get to them as much as you would like. Our food took two hours to get to us. I was told it was because of the huge party upstairs. Hmmm well what about the two tables that walked in 45 minutes after us. And got their food 30 mintues before us. Yes that's because their server didn't suck and forget to ring in the food. Then the manager came over and said we will comp you a bottle of wine perfect thank you. But when we tell you how long the food has taken. He argued and said it has been only a hour. And I said yes it has that's when your server remembered to type in the order so that is the time you have on the ticket that gets printed to the kitchen. The table next to us was also pissed and yelling at the server. Get it together!! Your food sucks and so does your service. Well our server any way. Go for bar and views nothing else.
Beautiful building, great food, fantastic service!  Well, if I'm ever stupid enough to get married again--or meet that man of my dreams with tons of money and severe pains up his left arm--I'm heading off to the Wrigley Mansion to do it in.  What a gorgeous place it is!
First off, we had appetizers, which mean 3 different sliders of regular McDonalds hamburger size to eat for half price (since it was happy hour) = $7!  What a STEAL!  One was chicken cordon bleu, one was pork and one was something close to kobe beef.  Regardless, all were just superior in taste.  Downed it with a half-price (happy hour, again, folks) cocktail and, well, what a deal it was!
Moving on, had dinner--some chicken thing that I will never be able to duplicate at home (and I'm a good, creative cook myself)--that was just delicious!  Everything, in fact, was wonderful--including our servers who were warm and friendly and prompt.
I love this place!  I love this place!  I love this place!  Now all I have to do is find some half-dying old fart to marry.  Wish me luck....
I was here on Saturday, June 4.  There were three of us.  Our server, whose name I forget, was delightful.  I took several picture of the staff and building.  And we felt comfortable asking to have dessert on the deck.  It was a completely relaxed, boozy type of evening.  The food was good, though the menu was somewhat limited.  I look forward to doing it again.
My wife took me to The Wrigley Mansion for father's day and it was excellent.  Seating started at 11AM but they had a glass of champagne in my hand as soon as we got there.  I couldn't ask for or expect better food from a buffet.  My favorites were the BBQ Pork (crispy cracklins with moist, tender meat attached) and the Hangar Steak Eggs Benedict (perfectly cooked and south west seasoned hangar steak in a standard Egg Benedict).  The food food selection had a noticeable "guy" twist to it but the selection was pretty small.

The staff was generally excellent.  The only exception was our waiter who acted like the tip was in included, which it was.  Our dour waiter is the only reason I docked them one star and the only thing that might deter me from coming back.
The food was below average relative to the prices. I enjoyed the food, but it was not fine dining quality. Based on the prices (around 150 for two people), I expected something quite memorable, but instead it was quite mediocre. 

If you sit on the patio on a cool fall evening, this would be a nice place to have a few drinks, but I certainly wouldn't go for the food. Of course, the building is beautiful and creates a great environment.

Also, the service was very sub-par on most accounts. Even the hostess was unfriendly and didn't smile or say more than two words. The manager was friendly and the person who delivered the food was very friendly.
My friends and I went to the Wrigley Mansion for a luch and tour special yesterday.   We ordered our food and the first course was really good.  It was a spinach & bleu cheese salad.   The second course was Croque Madame.   It looked wonderful, but on my first taste I almost hurled!  I am not a picky eater at all, but the ham was completely rancid.  I spit it into my napkin and my 4 friends were shocked because I never send food back and I'm the opposite of  a drama queen.  That's why they were so shocked.  The waiter asked if I wanted anything else and I politely declined.   I'd lost my appetite, of course.  My friends fish was almost raw, too.    So we decided to take the tour and have coffee & dessert afterwards.  The mansion was beautiful and the guide, Ashley,  was fabulous.  I was sad to see every single room was set up as a dining room.  There were no beds or dressers anywhere.  But the art, (They have a Renoir) , the chandeliers, the view and the grounds were stunning.  We went back to eat our creme brulee's and our old watered down ice teas, waters and crumbs were still sitting there.  The waiter didn't freshen up anything while we were on the hour tour.  And there were only 2 other tables of 2 there!    So we got our desserts and coffee.   It was good so far.   Then I asked for a coffee refill and I put in my cream & sugar and took a sip and the coffee was cold!!  I was so surprised that it was so cold that I spit it in my creme brulee' cup.  Again, I'm not a drama queen.  This was just so bad.  We told the waiter the coffee was cold & he was so surprised.  DUH!  He was nice but so inept.   We'll never go back, especially to eat!   I was the worst dining experience  that I've had.   They should at least give everybody a pack of Juicy Fruit for the road.  Anyway, it was such a disappointment, and I've wanted to go there since high school.
Well let me start by saying if your not in great shape (triathlete) don't even attempt to take the stairs that lead up to the mansion. I mean there really should be some warning that if your over age 50 you may not make it up there. So with that being said I think it is clearly a ruse to make sure you pay for Valet parking because if you drive to the top of the hill they will gladly park your car for you and you can walk right into the mansion. 

We had dinner at Geordie's restaurant because they were offering a $30 per person 3 course meal to promote restaurant week here in phoenix. The food was pretty good....not great. The service was pretty good....but not great. The Mansion was pretty good.....but not great. However the view was great....we got to see the sun sunset along with the beautiful mountains so at least that was a treat. We didn't have dessert but the offerings on the menu looked good...but not great.

So I guess you see my point this place is good....not great....so if that is what your looking for then Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
Very fancy and somewhat spookey!
High above the city of Phoenix lies a mansion of secrecy!  Views of the great mountains to the North and South, while the high rises sit dormant.  Where my friends......?  

The Wrigley Mansion.....da duh da.......! (Thunder rolls and the lightening strikes -- haha Garth Brooks)

This place was not a joy to find, but it was definitely worth the visit.  Valet is a must here!  This ain't your ordinary "restaurant".  You are free to roam around the mansion at your own risk that is hahaha!  Yes, the mansion is said to be haunted!  Just don't go to the restrooms alone.  Needless to say, this place was a delight.  It's literally someone's mansion.  The view is amazing!

Sit down for a nice brunch with some of your favorite guest.  Mimosas flow freely so why stop at 2 wink wink?  The brunch buffet definitely has a variety of food.  Everything from crepes, Thai chicken, aged meats, prime rib, and tacos!  YUM!  Coffee is great and I would say better than Starbucks, yeah I said it!  

Finally, service...it's a fancy brunch I didn't think service is lacking in any way. - Enjoy!
Wrigley Mansion Sunday Morning Brunch is a glorious way to start your day. An array of delicious food, a refreshing mimosa served with a smile by a very attentive, pleasant staff, followed by a smooth cappuccino to sit and relax over...it doesn't get any better than that. In addition to the ample buffet offering, I had a very special treat on Sunday morning when I was given the opportunity to order eggs Benedict. For some reason, in all my years and all my travels, this pleasure has managed to escape me. This was the beginning of my love affair with eggs Benedict.  The smooth, slightly tangy sauce, blending delightfully with the dish, is addictive! As for ambience, I've been to many extravagant brunches in my day, but none can compare with the setting of the mansion. The beauty and history of the home is so inspiring. It grabs you as soon as you catch sight of the building, sitting so majestically on the hill. And from inside, the panoramic views of the Valley are breathtaking. Brunch at Wrigley Mansion this past Sunday was delightful and lovely; an experience I'll remember fondly for a long time to come.
I was more looking for Gordie's inside Wrigley Mansion, but a review here will do.  It was me and my friends birthday, along with another mutual friends daughters Bday.  I arranged for us all to have dinner at the Wrigley Mansion (Gordie's).  I made reservations ahead of time, I here walk in's are welcomed but reservations are strongly recommended because there are nights so busy there may not be tables available.

I requested a window booth seat and they made sure they accommodated this request since I arranged it two months in advance.  We had a delicious 4 course meal that my friends raved about for weeks after.  

The only down side to this place is it is expensive, the bill for the 4 of us was well over $200, but it was a special bday occasion so I didn't mind.  And also I don't think they do to go bags if you don't finish your food.  Because for me by the fourth main course, I was stuffed, and I had maybe a few bites of my delicious meal.  I waited for the waitress and I was going to see if I could possibly get a to go box since it was so expensive.  She asked if I was finished, I replied yes, and before I could follow it with "can i get a to go box" she put a dirty plate on top of mine.  I was a little shocked because you could tell I barely ate it.  But if I would have known that ahead of time, I would have FORCED myself to finish every last yummy bite.

Next time I go there, I won't be doing 4 courses, just 1 and done so it won't be happening again.  But it was a beautiful view and I was pleased with the entire experience.
The atmospher in this place is great, but you would expect that for a huge mansion in central Phoenix.  Our food was good;  however, our waiter was brisk. We had to ask him to talk slower and repeat menu items as he went too fast.

Our food took 45 minutes.  Since we were on the tour this was a problem. We did not order anything that required a long cooking time.  Just a burger, mahi sandwich and a salad. So we quickly ate and paid the bill. Never had a chance for a cup of coffee or to even consider a dessert. 

If it wasn't for the mansion and the surroundings I would find another place to eat. The house is gorgeous and the stories are fun.  I like considering what it would look like when the Wrigley's built it.  This is one of the few homes in Arizona that would be considered American royalty.

PS - my friends bacon burger looked nothing like the one posted in their pictures.
My family and I attended brunch to celebrate our anniversary.  We had spectacular views of the city along with impeccable service.  We couldn't have asked for a better variety in the brunch buffet.  Crepes, omelettes, prime rib, tacos, lobster, shrimp, creme brle and mimosas were just a few of the tasty items we enjoyed.

Our fabulous celebration continued as we explored the grounds and the mansion.  

We will definitely be returning again!!
My fiancee took me to the mansion for happy hour last Friday, and i must say it really was AMAZING! We watched the sunset with some drinks in the bar, and their Moscow Mule is soooo good! We decided to stay for dinner, and it was delicious. The service was everything you would expect from such a beautiful mansion. This place really does have the best views in town, and it was so much fun. We will totally be going back soon with friends!!!!
My family and I experienced dinner at The Mansion last week and enjoyed it as much as we did their spectacular Sunday Brunch!  I started with the Rock Shrimp and Calamari Tempura. I was so fresh and yummy; had wonderful flavor! My main dish was the Filet -- what a great cut of beef! So tender, and the red wine sauce really added the perfect touch of flavor to the meat. The horseradish mashed and veggies were great, too.  I can't say enough about the views!  Just beautiful!!! If you haven't had the experience, do check it out, you won't soon forget it :)
OMG is this place A-stinking-mazing!  Beautiful layout, beautiful staff!  I HIGHLY recommend vising this place for ANY reason you may have.  DO NOT PASS UP!
We went with 3 other couples for Sunday brunch. We had been before, but only for fathers day, which had been a great experience both in the food and the setting. 

This brunch, however, was very disappointing. Food quality and selection was mediocre and definitely overpriced at about $45/person. Very different than what was offered on fathers day. The service was good.

The setting is worth going for once. Ideally go for a drink or regular lunch. Both day and nighttime views worth going for once. On a nice day the outside offers great photo opportunities.

The mansion sits on top of a hill with a 360 commanding view of the city and outskirts.
WOW, perfect evening!  From the impeccable customer service and cozy atmosphere to the amazing food, it was certainly an unforgettable experience!  It's been three days since I've been there, and yet I can't stop thinking about the mouth-watering decadence...melt-in-your-mouth foie gras with fig....peanut butter crme brulee with fresh berries.  A little slice of heaven!
Once again, the food and service was impeccable at Sunday brunch!!!  The food selection is great for everyone...  I am a vegetarian and also gluten intolerant and there was such a variety for me to choose from!  My favorite is their omelet station!  It's outstanding!  And they even had a pancake station that my friend still can not stop talking about!  Everyone is super friendly and helpful!  I had such an amazing second experience and very much looking forward to going back again soon!  So worth it!!!
I hate giving this place only one star, because I love the location and the history. The service was wonderful and the staff was friendly, however I just can't give a $130 dinner a good review when it was so lack luster, tame, bland and out right boring. Perhaps they are catering to an older crowd that has dietary restrictions on flavor and spice, but their menu is dated - makes me think they haven't revamped it in 15-30 years. Their oso bucco portion was tiny and slimy maybe only 3oz and the risotto was bland. Had some cold shrimp spring roll? appetizer that tasted like they scraped it off the bottom of an aquarium. We went on a Saturday night expecting it to be packed, should have known the food was terrible. Please redo your menu!
I usually won't give a one-star review, but in extreme cases. I was horrifically disappointed with the food and the service. We were there on New Year's Eve, which should be a night in which they are on their A-game, but I guess they don't find that important. I ordered a steak, cooked medium. When I got the steak, it was cooked well done. It is very sad when a restaurant can't cook a steak. Then the service was disappointing as we hardly saw our waitress. I surely hope there is a new chef since I was there, because I think he worked at McDonald's before there.
The view is awesome.  Way better view than from Hilton's Different Pointe of View.

That said, we bought the Travelzoo voucher for a dinner for two.  First course consisted of shrimp cake or butternut risotto.  The risotto was bland, and the shrimp cake was very flavorful, but the sauces on the plate were noncontributory.  

For second course we tried the tomato fennel soup and the green salad.  Chef Ramsey would've had a field day - the portions were vastly different among the group.  The salad was good, but not very proportionally or attractively plated.  The soup was ok but nothing to write home about.

For entrees we got the beef medallion and the trio of fish.  Portions are pretty small here..  the medallions basically looks like a fancified Banquet dinner.  The gravy was sweet and the dish was pretty tasty, but not for the price.  The fish over couscous was cooked well.  Not the most satisfying dish.

We got dessert of chocolate swirl cheesecake that the server said was "phenomenal".  I'd save the 8 dollars and get some Ely's at a grocery store.  The espresso creme brulee was more creme than brulee.  

Even with the voucher, the tab came out to about 55.  I had a wine (the worst wine I've ever had at a restaurant, it tasted like they had it open for a day and watered it down) and the cheesecake, but there was gratuity for original tab (120) and with tax, it was about 55.

All in all, I would have liked to check out the view during the day as well, but I definitely wouldn't come for the food.

The server probably could have been a bit more professional.  We had a large group and in the beginning he gave us a lot of attitude about the division of tabs.  Understandably overwhelming and maybe frustrating, but "holy f***" is not a very appropriate thing to say right in front of the guests.
I'm sorry, but I just can't give a good review here.  I got two Travelzoo vouchers, which many would argue is an attempt to increase traffic when a business isn't thriving or is in its off-peak season.  

Some friends at work decided to make it a group outing.  There were 14 of us.  I paid $120 for four, so I could bring visiting family.  The original "value" of the meal is $240.  What a joke!  It says in the fine print that a gratuity of 15% would be charged at the restaurant on the original "value" of the meal.  Not true.  Gratuity of 20% was added to my bill at the end of the night.  This wouldn't be so bad if the server/bartender wasn't so HORRIFICALLY unfriendly, rude, and unprofessional.  Really, dude?!  You made over $200 for the 2 hours you spent serving us!  He would have made more if he had been nice.  It was made clear that we had bought discount vouchers, the gratuity was already included, and our service reflected that.  But guess what?  Those are 14 people that will NEVER patronize your business again.

Let's start from the beginning.  When you park, you are required to valet your car to the tune of $7.  Note to Geordie's.  Every other establishment in town that is doing well offers free valet.  

We arrived 40 minutes early to enjoy the views and a glass of wine on the patio.  I should have known when I went to order wine and was ignored for 10 minutes that the tone for the evening was set.  When I asked for a glass of sweet white for my dining companion and the bartender said "we don't really have one" I was officially turned off.  Naturally when we sat for dinner we were offered a wine list boasting hundreds (I think 650) bottles of wine.  Really?!  None of those bottles are white and sweet?  No riesling?  No gewurtstraminer?  

When we finally sat, the server ended up being that very same bartender, who made a huge deal about the check splitting and where we sat.  He actually cussed during the process.  So unbelievably unprofessional.  I have never felt like such an inconvenience at a restaurant.

We all ordered our meal from a pre fix menu of what appeared to be traditional Applebees fare.  When you title your poultry option at a fine dining establishment "Corn Flake crusted chicken" you have to know what you're in for.  The portions were decent but I had bland risotto and a confit of vegetables that turned out to be a cold, pasty, flavorless mess.  I tried the chicken bacause I typically order chicken.  It was cooked to chewy and also flavorless except for a mushroom "sauce" which I'm guessing came from a Campbell's soup can.

I ordered a bottle of Tempranillo to the tune of $77 which was decent.  Best part of the night, in my opinion.

At the end, the bill came.  $169.  I had already paid for the voucher, so naturally I thought it was a mistake.  No.  I was charged the $77 for the wine.  OK.  $62 gratuity.  That was hard to stomach.  That's 20% of the pre-discounted $240 meal and 20% of the $77 wine.  Sorry, the guy was a jerk and undeserving of 20%.  Especially since the fine print stated that a 15% gratuity would be charged.

The last $30 was tax.  $30 in tax!  Do the math, folks!  They charged me tax on the original $240 price of the meal.  Even though the sales price of the meal vouchers was $120!  I don't even think that's legal!  Charge sales tax on a prediscounted price?  Do you go into a store and buy a $100 sweater on sale for $50 and then pay tax on the original $100 price?  That was ridiculous.  Mind you, I had already bought 4 glasses of wine at the bar and tipped the (lousy) bartender for that.

Sorry for the lengthy review, but I'm gonna bottom line it for you.  I love  dining out.  In this economy, I understand that fine dining establishments have to nickel and dime you to survive.  But Geordie's is NOT fine dining!  It's actually quite awful!  All told, I spent over $300 for a really sub par meal and I was treated poorly to boot.

Get it together!  They either need to hire a real chef and provide a true fine  dining experience, or cater to a different clintele.  Although I can't think of anyone who would enjoy their food.  I would rather eat at TGI Fridays...
Sure we only go with a DealChicken.com coupon but it's always great! Sit in the bar area as the dining room is very dated due to the mansions age. The bar area is much more, how would you say? relaxed and romantic. GREAT views from in there also!
Location/venue is beautiful. It has great history and is fun to explore. The bar is "eh" and the food really didn't match the atmosphere. They let their atmosphere carry their so-so restaurant & bar.
Going in I was a little concerned about trying this place after reading some of the reviews here on Yelp but I received a voucher for dinner for two as a gift so since the major portion of the bill would be covered I figured what the heck. First off let me say that some signage would make it easier to find but after turning into The Biltmore Estates off of 24th just head towards the back to the white bridge and cross over it and you are there. Unless you like walking up steep driveways I suggest driving to the top and use the valet parking. Now the food. My wife and I ended up choosing the same items. The seafood cake which reminds you of a crab cake had lobster and crab, was deep fried, tender and moist and was dressed in two sauces that complimented it well as did the veggie garnish. We both had the lemon and spinach soup with risotto. The soup was excellent. Finally, we both had the Three Fish Neopaliton  with another version of risotto and veggies. It too was wonderful. We both had a glass of Seven Daughters Muscat which paired nicely with the fish. For dessert we shared a Chocolate and Blackberry Souffle that was truly a surprise. We began discussing when we may make a return visit for the Brunch offering. We are not foodies but we do know what we like and we are more than meat and potato type diners. We were both impressed. This place is on it's way to being one of the Valley hotspots.
Brought my little brother here for his 17th birthday. He was absolutely thrilled with the lamb rack entree he ordered - he said it was the best dinner he had ever had in his life. 

We were both unimpressed by the service, however. Our waitress was very casual and made some awkward jokes. Her demeanor just didn't fit with the extremely upscale atmosphere of the place.

Our experience on the way out confirmed our thoughts on the service. I made a comment to the hostess about the Bar Mitzvah party that was going on in one of the ballrooms down the hall. She then unexpectedly said something along the lines of "I don't like how Jewish people party." Not exactly the most professional thing she could have said.

Solid 3 stars.
High End ? What make this high end?  Thy serve mimosas....and that is why some people think this is high end. I am in the restaurant business...as i usually say before writing a review. So...once again what makes The Wrigley Mansion high end....anyone ? The food is sub par. The service is fine. They have taken away several of the better offerings. 2nd time there and both times i asked what am I missing? Sure the mansion is nice...but brunch lacks...ALOT. Food was really unappealing and just zero wow..or even  "thats nice". No real substance to anything food wise. Too bad it could be the place for brunch.......it is losing what it should be and worse it is showing the lack of true culinary innovation and in my opinion screams " hey we are the Wrigley mansion .....oh and yeah we have some sysco mid quality food to prove it". Real disappointment.
This was the mansion of Wringley ( the creator or juicy gum) I have personally seen better and bigger "mansions" but it was still pretty nice and neat to see how wealthy people used to live back in the day.. the weird part - small bathrooms and marriage couples had their own separate rooms-  well I wonder how they used to have so many kids then... lol.
 The mansion is located in a hill so the view is amazing, the best thing to do will be going to the tour and eat brunch of diner in one of their rooms. I would totally recommend going to this place if you feel like doing something relaxing
The best thing about this meal was the view.  Because we had a voucher, we (along with many others) were put in a separate room with the tables and chairs they use for their events (weddings, etc).  It was a very limited menu and small portions.  The food was average at best, not super flavorful.  Our waiter was nice and the service was good....maybe a tad too quick.  We were thinking it was like the food was prepared like it was for catering and plates were made it advance.  The atmosphere was nice but I'm pretty sure we are not going back.
First time here, my boyfriend bought the Travelzoo voucher, and as far as voucher deals go I thought it was a very good deal.  The food was great.  Not excellent because it lacked a certain something, maybe fresh herbs or new ways of putting food together.  It was kind of old school, but that's okay every now and then.  The atmosphere was old school too.  The view, was the best I've ever seen from a Phoenix restaurant. Our server was excellent.  He was friendly, recommended his favorites, and also retrieved the Sommelier to talk to us about wines.  If you buy a bottle of wine you become a "Wine Member" which gets you I/2 price on wines from now on.  We will be coming back to enjoy more wine and a beautiful view.
Oh, Wrigley Manson if only I had the means to fix you up and make you the amazing gem I know you could be.
Phoenix is seriously lacking when it comes to historical buildings and homes. I have always been curious about the Wrigley Mansion so I was excited when we made plans to go here for Easter brunch. 

The brunch was good. Our server was friendly and funny. There was a decent variety of food and it was tasty. My only complaint about the food would be the desserts. They were not labeled, the cakes and pies were whole so people cut their own slices and they became a mess. Overall I just wasn't impressed. I've seen better dessert spreads at casino buffets. 

After the meal we wandered around the building, exploring the rooms, peeking around corners and checking out the history. The bummer is that it's obvious that the money isn't there to keep this place looking its best. Some of the bathrooms were run down (burned out lights, doors that didn't lock), in one room the curtains were torn, walls and flooring showed signs of wear and tear, and furnishings just looked tired in places. It wouldn't take much to clean this place up and have it look amazing. I'm sure when the Wrigley family lived here it was incredible and it's sad to see such a great home being neglected. I'm sure if they fixed it up they would book more parties and weddings and it could be a prime location in town. 

I hope someone will take the time and money to invest in one of our rare glimpses into Phoenix's past. If it continues on this decline I don't think it will last.
I suddenly knew this was a mistake as soon as we started to scale the steep difficult steps and the handrail covered with a large amount of bird POOP. My stomach turned and I couldn't imagine why they don't have somebody to clean the handrail.

We were a few minutes early for our reservation so we walked around a bit. It is an interesting OLD House with narrow hallways and a small room with an old fashioned operators switchboard. It does have beautiful views. The house has a beautiful entrance door and interesting intricate ceilings but over all it really isn't so grand with old worn carpet and common tiles. I thought I'd see a bunch of marble or granite but I didn't.

We thought this was an interesting Choice for restaurant week because we wanted to see this place. Also this was one of the few places that gave you three courses without dessert. Also the $10 non member fee was waived for restaurant week.

I can't say the food was completely awful but I wouldn't come back for it either even for free so I think that qualifies for the one star rating.

We asked about cocktails and our waiter said they were the last page of the wine menu but they weren't and only lasted the liquors. He returned and my husband asked for the cocktail menu we saw outside and the waiter brings us the cocktail menu. I decided on a drink but the waiter didn't return for a long period of time so we decided to just order dinner and skip the cocktails.

Our waiter said the Sous Vide Chicken was stuffed with something green and he didn't know what it was but to him it was very salty. He also said the Carpaccio wasn't very good. So we decided to go with the other two starters.

The starters were passable but nothing either of us would want again. A not so great crab cake sitting on creamy peas with two refrigerated cold roasted tomatoes. The other was a few slices of eggplant with a little cheese.

The middle plates were not so seasoned escargots with a forgettable salad. The highlight was a small chunk of gorgonzola cheese. The other middle plate was not hot and not cold but unhealthy room temperature tomato soup with a over whipped cream laced with truffle aroma. (Aroma means perfume) (and over whipped means turned to butter). We both thought the tomato soup was the best of what we tried here. It tasted like good tomatoes that would be great on a pizza.

For dinner we tried the duck and the bronzini. Both were cooked just OK but neither seemed to have good seasoning or flavor however both of our vegetables were salted too heavy. I'd say so heavy I could tell what kind of salt they used and it wasn't good salt. The one thing that I could honestly say WAS terrible was the artichoke , anise sabayon. I tasted it and nearly barffed. I am without words to describe how it tasted but the texture was like hummus. Both plates had what they called polenta towers. They looked (see photo) happy to see us and I thought mine might squirt something when I went to eat it. But I was baffled when I tasted it because it wasn't like polenta. It was like corn muffin mix that was mixed with a farina kind of cereal. It was bready and lacked much of the corn taste and really tasted like cream of wheat cereal.

I can almost say forgettable but I can't because I will never forget the bird poop or the polenta tower.

1.5 stars almost 2 stars but with price factored in I feel one star

SLIGHT UPDATE 9-11-13
I read that they got a new chef since my review so hopefully they are better now.
Check out the 1929 Steinway self playing piano. One of two in the world, the other is in the Smithsonian. The piano is valued at 28 million dollars and was willed to the Wrigley Mansion
Been here before, 1st time for my friend and we had a Deal Chicken coupon.

We arrived early for the sunset and were not dissappointed as the view is amazing.  We had drinks at the bar while we waited for our reservation and the sunset which we went outside on the balcony to watch for a few mintues.  The bar staff was attentive and nice quick with an offer for another drink and refills on the water. 

Our reservation time came and we were escorted to a window table in the dinning room, small, cozy and intimate.   Our three course meal was delicious! The complimentary bread was warm and the butter soft!  Perfect.   We had the carprese salad, seafood bruchette and the flat iron steak served with potatoes and green beans.   Our steaks were cooked perfectly and everything else was just as good.

Our waiter, (forgot his name) was a native Arizonan and we had a nice chat with him.

I highly recommend The Wrigley, but only if you have the money as it is expensive but with the coupon, it certainly was a great deal!
I used to play music here regularly and the staff and service could not be friendlier. The food is outstanding and actually decently priced. The kicker-- the hilltop view of Phoenix. Breathtaking! There is also quite a bit of history involved here and the staff is pretty well versed on the lineage of the place.  The bar area is quaint and comfortable and attire seems to be anywhere from casual to semi-formal.  Wonderful place!
We were invited to attend a Wine Tasting special event hosted by one of my clients.  In the 2 yrs since we've lived here, we haven't been to the Wrigley Mansion, so we were very excited to come check it out. 

When you pull up to the mansion, it's a bit confusing to figure out where to drive....there's a self-parking lot at the bottom of the hill....walk up a large hill in 90+ degree weather, um....no thanks.  Ok, so we drove up the driveway assuming that's where the valet parking would be located....and it was.  

Beautiful views from the top of the hill.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-wrigley-mansion-club-phoenix?select=v_KnIKFpeibBVvefO6ujPA#v_KnIKFpeibBVvefO6ujPA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-wrigley-mansion-club-phoenix?select=7qDCP4mv_Ws2sdJtqmlvOA#7qDCP4mv_Ws2sdJtqmlvOA

We walked inside the mansion and were greeted by a hostess who directed us to the private event area to the left.  We enjoyed Wine and Cheese/Crackers/Fruit, etc that you normally find at a Wine tasting.  The Wine was very good and the room was comfortable.  After 30 min or so we were asked to move into the dining room area where we would start a formal Wine tasting with 8 glasses (4 White, 4 Red) of Wine.

The sommelier did a nice presentation about each Wine....however, she took too long and was a bit too in-depth for this group of people.  There were over 80 people and many of them were not Wine enthusiasts, so they were bored very quickly.....too much time between sips.  I personally enjoyed it, but afterward many people said it was too much info for them. 

Since the building is very old, the room we were in was not well insulated and got a little stuffy/warm....so if you're coming here during the Summer months, dress light.

After the event, we wandered around the mansion and took a bunch of pics of the artwork and rooms.  I'm sure there's a story behind all of this, but we were on our own and didn't have a guide to explain anything to us.

We picked up a flyer for a social club you can belong to here...?  Not really sure what that entails, but it's available.

Overall, I'd rate this experience 3.5 Stars, but I'm rounding up for the views and Wine.

Return Factor - 70%
Go for the tour and maybe a drink, but skip the unappetizing, tasteless food. The mansion is quite interesting to walk around on your own. Also the  Happy hour with the great view would be very romantic.   Unless you are really interested in a bit of history, skip the tour and walk around on your own.
FABULOSO............ The ambiance, the wine list, the cuisine, the service, the views, the romance..... WOW!!!!!!!!! Mere words cannot describe this magical wedding anniversary dinner we had.....
We had a lovely evening at the Geordi's, the restaurant at the Wrigley Mansion. First, we toured the mansion, then had a wonderful dinner while a wonderful jazz group played. Our server, Mike, provided excellent care. The jazz group is top class yet the lounge was surprisingly empty! What a waste!! Will be back!!ashdbxgf
Came here for Sunday brunch with a large group.  The setting is really unique for Phoenix as historical buildings are few and far between in Arizona. The Wrigley Mansion affords great views of the city and mountains with its floor to ceiling windows and how it is situated atop a steep hill.  It really felt like a classy brunch complete with white tablecloths and bottomless mimosas served by the waiters.

Brunch was buffet-style with a huge assortment of food - from waffles, to lobster legs, egg dishes, baked ham, and everything in between. I opted for the omelet station as this was the safest choice for me as far as gluten-free eating. 

The omelet station was great - a lot ingredient options including plenty of veggies and proteins. Even though there was a long line the cook was really friendly & made everyone's omelet to their specifications. I was also glad they had a huge selection of fruit.

Being gluten-free, I did not expect to be able to eat any of the desserts, however it would be a good idea for them to be labeled as they looked great, but you could not really tell what the ingredients were, etc. 

The house itself does appear to be a bit neglected, but at the same time features a ton of original features. It would have been fun to take the official tour and learn more about this historical home. 

Note: Make sure to do the valet parking otherwise the trek up to the top and back down is quite the hike - we had to give some people in our party a ride back down to their car!
Wonderful food and service.  The tour is a fun exploration of a funky but luxurious home.  An American castle.  I can't wait to go back for one of the jazz evenings and a Sunday brunch.
The place is just beautiful with great service.

Perfect for a date or a private conversation.

The food was good but not impressive. Food wise I would give them 3 stars but the place and service made it up for the 4th.

I had the asparagus salad and the salmon. both were good. Period.

The bread was really good, though.

They have a great wine selection and the prices aren't that bad.

I'm a sucker for Riviera del Duero and they have plenty of them. Funny fact, the fist one I selected wasn't available. 

Cheers.
The food was so good as were the cocktails! I loved the shrimp cocktail because the horseradish was SO FRESH! The Wrigley Pear was also a wonderful surprise. The service was great, we sat at the bar early- and the staff were all so friendly. The mansion and views are beautiful. I'd give this place 5 stars if the entertainment wasn't so dated (sorry entertainers- you are talented. I just feel like I am being put to sleep for good.)
Big wine list. Impressive setting and location, and the servers were both polite and professional. I would say the food is about a 7, however.  As others have said, save the $15 and tour the mansion yourself.
This was my first time at the Wrigley"s Mansion but definitely not my last. Had a late lunch yesterday and I had a great experience, the service was outstanding, the meal very tasty and the place is on a hill overlooking the Valley and downtown Phoenix.
Tour the mansion a bit and is a beautiful Spanish style with beautiful paintings and furniture from the times when the Wrigley family vacation at that home. 
They offer a Sunday brunch that I will be trying soon as the sitting is a the ballroom where the views are the best.
This venue will remain one of the places to show visitors and natives alike, the stunning view.  However, brunch is mediocre. One pays for the surroundings, not the quality of the food. There was an abundance of choices, however those items were nothing that elicited a wow. The wait staff was attentive, the Spanish Champagne good enough, the dessert tasty, but as a whole, items were lackluster.  It is a special place, but for really exceptional brunch offerings I would go elsewhere.
Amazing place. I'm a native and am very pleased that they've kept the place high quality. You get what you pay for but in that regard it only gets 3 stars from me. My last time here was a few weeks ago for Sunday brunch celebrating a milestone birthday for my mom. All you can drink champagne and amazing food except for the weak cheese bar and weak dessert bar. For what you are paying I would expect every element to be amazing. Service was extraordinary. When the tip is included some places will skimp on service but not here. Glasses always full. Quick to replace a creaky chair. And great conversation with knowledge of the mansion's history. Plan to spend 1.5 to 2 hours so you have time to pace yourself and then explore the house and grounds.
This is a wonderful place to go for HH and watch the sun set on their patio,. Their appetizers are half price as are their wines until 6:00. The service is wonderful and the ambiance is absolutely beautiful. They also have entertainment around 7:00. I had their margarita pizza and it was good. it was $5.00 and almost too big for 2 people to share. The white wines are very good. $4-$5.00 a glass during HH.
My girlfriend from outta town suggested we have dinner here last week. 

The mansion & it's history is what I really loved about it. We walked around and peeked in all the rooms before we ate. Kinda has a spooky vibe- heard it was haunted! 

Service for dinner was great! The food was just okay, I had the Filet and it was just so-so. I would not order a steak there again. We decided to indulge in caviar- pricey but yummy! 

We sat outside and the views were amazing. We even saw fireworks coming from a baseball game ?

I will be back for Sunday Brunch- heard that's their specialty! Bottomless mimosas & lots of seafood ! I'll update once I am able to go!
I don't fine dine as often as I would like but this was by far an experience for our anniversary.  The waiter and the whole experience was perfect.   There are few times you are really wow-ed in life that last and this was the best.  What made this a top notch experience was the location, food, and amazing waiter.  The waiter was very attentive but not annoying - he was extremely well trained and it showed.  Never felt rushed to get out and we spent a good deal time and enjoyed all the courses at our speed without someone sweeping in to take dishes constantly.  History and the house is very interesting end to the evening.  I can't recommend this enough.  It is fine food without the pretentious.  We had the filet mignon.  One thing we didn't know until we asked was you have to order side dishes with your meal so make  sure you ask.  I think we were so impressed we overlooked that on the menu.  It is very reasonable given the quality of the food.  Presentation, taste, and service were absolutely impressive.  You cannot go wrong if you take your in-laws or spouse here.  Make sure you reserve earlier online so you have time to roam the mansion and take in the history.  Best money I ever spent and I even tipped far more than I ever do since  it was so impeccable..
I've visited this place a few times for drinks, and have had dinner once so far. The grounds are superb, the restaurant was elegant and the food was tasty. I visited for dinner in January; the meal my date and I had was fantastic. The service was outstanding! Arrive at least 40 minutes before your dinner reservation so you can tour the mansion. Solid!
This was a tough call for me. I could have just as easily and with valid reason given it three stars or, for completely different reasons, five stars. So I decided to hedge my bets and go with four.

Here's why: the food is average at best, but the ambiance is outstanding and the happy hour is superb. 

In terms of straight up Mexican cuisine, this place doesn't even approach what some other nearby spots have to offer. But, their indoor/outdoor patios are always a good time, they have great live music, and a happy hour with free munchies to boot. 

Cherry on top: their chips are awesome. They cook them in house and bring them out for free with your drink order.
Aunt Chilada's combines festive decor and loud Mariachi music with pretty standard Mexican fare. The entrees were large and reasonably priced. I did enjoy my smoked pork chinalinga and the choice of salsas -- verde or roja in mild, medium or hot.. But still, the pluses aren't enough to drive out of your way for a visit. 

Another note: it did seem like the place to go if you are into drinking a lot (which I am not), so keep that in mind if you're looking more for a place to bring the kiddies or your 80-year-old aunt Rose.
This is the single worst restaurant I've ever been to, anywhere. From the looks of the other reviews, I must have caught them on a bad night, but I swear to God, the tacos I had there tasted like spoiled meat. My friend and I couldn't stomach more than one bite each and were not satisfied by the restaurants lack of concern over our complaints. 

We were made to pay for inedible food and no attempt was made to make things right... And for the record, I've got no problems with 'real' Mexican food-- street vendors and the worst Mexican joints I've been to from LA to Ensenada to Cozumel, are all better than this place.
Well, this place is certainly the answer to the hokey tourist trap with marginally edible food, innit?

I'll give em credit for the 'Pancho's on anabolic steroids' thematics, the patio is very comfortable, and as night falls on Spring, there is almost no better place to have a Dos XX or Pacifico.  Its lervely and shaded and filled with mostly professionals hitting on their secretaries, which is pretty amusing to casually observe.  

As the US National Drinking Circuit Holiday, 'Cinco de Mayo' (eh, que?) approaches, I guess this would be a relevant time to inform of their festival, which consumes their parking lot and is actually less of a tool collection than most other forced holiday festivals.  Entry last year was about $10 with booths for drinks and food.  I didn't hate it, got fairly leathered, and left feeling it was money well spent.  

If you must visit Aunt Chilada's North, I'd hold off on the food and stick to the cocktails.
I am giving the Margarita's 4 stars. The food on the other hand gets 2. A pitcher of marg with a tequila upgrade (Hornitos) cost &28.00. It is the best marg I have found in Phoenix and it is cheap in comparison. The happy hour is great, they have free food that is actually better than entree you might order. The patio is usually full of people having a good time. If you want a marg and a superb outdoor seating arrangement this is your spot. If you want food food with that marg try Los Dos Molino's.
Aunt Chilada's has it's charm. The front patio (on Dreamy Draw) is filled with mature trees, fountains & vegetation. It's really a perfect atmosphere to pretend you're in the Yucatan swilling Tequila in the jungle if  you like that sort of thing...

They have these fantastic flour chips & salsa that come with your drink- I can eat a whole basket of them before the main course arrives. I always get the taco's and they're consistently good, not great. They make strong margarita's. They have a chocolate fountain on Sundays too.

Oh yeah, this is another place you can bring your dog onto the patio.

BOTTOM LINE:  Great neighborhood Mexican, one of AZ's best patios!
We tried this restaurant, because we had just arrived at the Arizona Grand Resort and wanted a family friendly restaurant on the resort grounds.  We were surprised by the friendly environment, good food and terrific service.  All of us enjoyed our meals, whether they were house specials or your American-ized combination plates.  A laid back environment with good Mexican food and good margaritas.  It really hit the spot after a 5 hour road trip!
Not good. The patio is top notch for relaxing if the weather's good but I couldn't shake that chain feeling when inside. Table and chairs had a slightly sticky feeling to them (nice, eh?). Food was typical pre-cooked, oven heated dollop of too much grease and cheese. Not impressed. It's a shame cause the garden and even the nachos & salsa had me expecting big things.
I am going to give Aunty Chiladas 3 stars only because I have gone there since I was like 10.  This place has been a staple in the valley before the 51 went by etc etc.  It definitely looks like it has been there for a while and needs a good  asthetic cleaning.  Our table and chairs were sticky and it was pretty dirty outside on the patio.  There were chairs and miscellaneous items on the outside of the restaurant and it needs some TLC.

Chips (flour) are good but salsa has black olives (yuk, personal preference) and the hot stuff tasted like it had vinegar in it.  It has a great patio for daytime drinking.  Overall the food is above average.

I ordered the fish tacos and they were good.  My accomplice ordered a combo with your typical rice, beans, enchilada, taco etc.  The food was hot and good.  It didn't have a wow factor but the price was good and worth the money.

Holy smokes.......The service was awful.  I am not going to mention any names but it was slow in terms of business and even slower in terms of service.  I hope that they do not correlate but they usually do.  C'mon Aunty you are better than this!!!!!!  

If you live in the neighborhood then it is worth going here.  I probably will not make the drive again.  Good luck Aunt Chiladas.
Not really impressed. Food was below average, in my opinion. Chips were just extra greasy, salsa watered down, meals without much taste. Yes, the patio is pretty cool and I imagine that on a busy night this is the place to be, but really, not impressed.

Could be because I had a 13 hour workday, still had food poisoning, and just wanted to be home instead of off for business, but this didn't really make my mood change for the better. Guess that if I was boozing it up it'd be more fun, but then again, what place isn't more fun while boozing it up?
I've been here 3 times on the company tab because it's a fun atmosphere for out-of-town guests. The drinks are good, but the food is meh. Out of the 3 visits, the only thing I remember liking is the soup. Oh, and the flour chips are unique and pretty good. I guess I'll go back for a free meal, but wouldn't consider seeking it out on my own.
My husband and I just moved here from Chicago and we've have Mexican food every Saturday for the last 2 years.  Needless to say, we've been on the hunt for the best Mexican restaurant here in the Phoenix area since we moved here 2 months ago.  Our criteria is simple:  (1) Margaritas, (2) chips and salsa, and (3) food and fajitas.

(1) Margaritas --  Thumbs up!  So far Aunt Chiladas has the best Margaritas I've had in the valley and we've been to quite a few places including Tee Pee (where the food is good but the Margaritas suck).  We ordered the hand shaken margarita and its a pretty big serving with lots of the good stuff in it...

(2)  Chips and Salsa -   Thumbs up!  The chips are unusual in that they are flour not corn and come out nice and hot.  We liked the salsas and I love black olives so the fact it was in the salsa was a big yum factor for me.

(3)  Food/Fajitas - Thumbs up!  We ordered a few different things including the Chingalingas (yum!), steak fajitas, and enchiladas.  We also really liked that they give noodles (fideos) with refried beans instead of rice.  Those are awesome.  The steak fajitas were the bomb

The only downside is the service is just way too slow.  I mean, we waited and waited and waited.  They were nice enough but bring a pillow because it'll be a while!!
Ate here on a Saturday night. There weren't many people, and we sat outside in spite of the fact that it was chilly. The busser brought two heat lamps over for us, though, which was much more comfortable, until he spilled ice water all over my wife's purse and my foot. He was very apologetic, though, and the server seemed afraid we were going to become irate.

At any rate, we ordered our food, and it was quite good. My wife & I were pleased with the vegetarian options, though the red sauce on my burrito left something to be desired, as it was quite watery. And the fried Asian noodles they serve on the side of nearly everything are a disgusting waste of food. Beyond those two issues, I enjoyed my meal very much. I tried some of my family's dishes, and they tasted good as well.

And the non-corn tortilla chips are rather like elephant ears, or pie crust in my brother-in-law's opinion, but were a unique touch. I was disappointed to find olives in the salsa, but overall we had a good time, good meal and would return on our next trip to AZ.
While my food was great,  I definately didnt enjoy the service.  We waited and waited and waited 45 mins for our food & drinks.  I felt like our waitress forgot we were there.  However she was super attentive when it was time for us to pay...
Aunt Chilada's has a great happy hour. They have it all for happy hour.... Music, healthy drinks, cut veggies and trays of something melted with cheese... I rarely eat the appetizers. By the time i get to them, they have been mangled by the customers. I'm happy with the big trays of fresh cut veggies. The indoor is nice, patio is fantastic. I LOVE meeting a bunch of friends here for happy hour. 

My dinner experiences have been OK, but not great. Service is usually slow. Food is adequate, but not exceptional. Still, ya gotta love a place where you can crowd 15 of your friends on the patio, mark off a bit of territory with a couple balloons, and have a great time for a couple hours.
I went for lunch with my mother-in-law, she had the veggie fajitas, and I had a chicken burro with green enchilada sauce. we both enjoyed our meals.
I probably wouldn't come here nearly as much if I didn't live right down the street. In all honesty, the food is pretty mediocre. 
However, I've found a solution that works pretty well for me: get really drunk, then eat. Four stars for Prickly Pear margaritas and being able to stumble home. 
The flour tortilla chips are pretty damn good and addicting. However I've noticed a suspicious discrepancy in torilla chip ratio lately, they seem to be hiding more flimsy corn chips in with the flour. Very sneaky and lame. 
And Fideo? Yuck. Uh no pasta with my mexican food please, I'll stick with the rice. 
If anything, get drunk and enjoy the wonderful patio on a nice day. I still haven't tried their brunch yet but they had me at Chocolate Fountain.
What a cute place!!
That is about the only positive thing about Aunt Chilada's, unfortunately.  The food is not even mediocre IT SUCKS!!  Started with the nearly inedible chips and the dressed-up-ketchup salsa all the way through dessert was downright misery!  And the service sucks too :(
Bocce Ball's, that was a some spicy Tortillion!
What do you think about when you think about Bocce? 
I know...my thoughts turn immediately to Mexican food, too!
Aunt Chilada's has set up a bocce court right next to the walkway in the courtyard. When I first saw the bocce court, it was jarring...like walking by the sushi bar at Houston's...just because you can doesn't mean you should. 
But, someone near the top of the Chilada family may, in fact, be a marketing genius! That thing really got a workout while we were there the other day.
The Beautiful Carin and I hadn't been back to Tia Chilada's in a year or so, but we needed to reconnoiter...my strong and handsome son, Zachary and his lovely wife, Sarah are visiting next week and they want to go (good memories of another great visit:)
We wandered in at happy hour (absolutely the best time to visit the Chilada family). 
Lots of people drinking, eating chips and salsa, etc. (though not as many as past visits...the economy?). 
We had no trouble getting a nice table out in the patio area, so we could watch an Italian sports staple being played in a Mexican restaurant:)
The people watching at Aunt Chilada's is wonderful..all walks of life, all shapes and sizes...all getting their drink on with cheap margarita's and cheaper cerveza:) It's a tried and true formula for the transition from drone infested, uptight (I know, a word right out of the 60's) work-a-day world to a somewhat more relaxed, slightly (or heavily) inebriated night-time world. 
So much fun to watch...esp. the guy with a six pack of margarita's under his belt, trying to bowl the bocce's. 
It would be pretty tough to generate a bocce injury, but I think he managed it:)
The service was a pretty good...we never had to wait too long for refills and they kept the chips and salsa coming ( the flour tortilla chips are one of the best parts of Aunt Chilada's:)
Carin had a serviceable chicken chimichanga, and I had something called a tortillion (which, interestingly enough is numeral based nomenclature for this dish, reflecting the number of calories per serving)...shredded beef, cheese, beans, tomatoes, bacon (bacon!!!!), wrapped in a giant tortilla, dipped in egg batter and deep-fried...it sounded better than it was, but I ate about  1/2 and brought the rest home (might still be in the fridge, growling at me...not sure..afraid to look:)
Nope, it's not the best Mexican restaurant in town, and it's not the best bocce court you'll ever see, but combined, they make Aunt Chilada's a decent place to have a bite and a cocktail, and to play the games that people play:)
Wow, what a relief.  I am so glad to see an average Yelp rating of 3 stars.  I was worried that I was crazy because when I arrived, I read multiple "Best of..." awards (you know the ones), but by the time the meal was over, I was thinking, "Best of what!?"  I am so glad my fellow Yelpers agreed with me: this place has great atmosphere, but the food is average at best.

To their credit, I walked through an incredibly great patio, perfect for Arizona winters, on my way to the main entrance.  But it reminds me of Tortilla Factory in Scottsdale.  You don't go for the food.  You go for the patio.
I have to give Aunt Chilada's credit - we stayed for a quite a while at an outside table drinking our margaritas until we realized that at 10:30pm we were the very last people there and that the restaurant had pretty much closed down around us. They had already picked up the check and never pushed us out so we had a relaxing evening.

Unfortunately I was unimpressed with the food. The chips were light and crispy but the salsa tasted pretty generic. A spinach enchilada was very bland and a chile releno was mostly breading with a small chile and cheese but not much flavor. The two people who were with me agreed that their food was mediocre as well. We went with the frozen margarita only because we wanted a pitcher and the margarita on the rocks pitcher was much more expensive. The margarita was also unimpressive - perhaps the more expensive one would have been better but the regular on one the menu just tasted like frozen sour mix. 

We had a good time, but if I were to ever go here again I would probably just go for chips, drinks and appetizers which I could get somewhere else anyway.
On a Sunday night in July, we met up with some out of town friends who were staying at a local hotel.  The location was perfect for them - so, I called and made a reservation for our group.

When we first arrived, the bar area was vacant - with the exception of one other table of 2 customers.  Since we had called ahead and let them know that our group would be there at 7, I was hoping for, at least, good service.

Unfortunately, the service was really slow. More than once, someone from our group had to go find our server and request service.  Ugh!  While the conversation from our friends really kept us entertained, it's kind of sad when the server can't seem to remember why she came to work (make money?)

While I didin't personally try one, the consensus was the margaritas were more like tequila shooters with fozen ice thrown in - which is fine if that's what you're ordering.

Would we come back?  Maybe - if we have other friends staying locally.  

Would I recommend it?  Not sure.  

Plus Side:  Great patio with sand bowling.  Would be a great during the winter months.
Did someone actually refer to the salsa as Ketchup?! Oh hell no!! The salsa and chips are by far the best I have had in the valley. I was surprised this place got such mediocre ratings. I have been going here since I moved to the valley and it's always reliable.

The location is great because it is so different from anyplace else; Mexican or not. Tucked back of 16th st in a more residential area, the patio is great and there is always room even when it's busy.  The service is always good and then there is the chips and salsa. I don't see how anyone can knock it, it's always fresh. The more pico inspired salsa is chunky and has a good amount of cilantro. The hot red salsa is more of a paste but more authentic and delicious with some heat. The flour tortillas chips are always warm and delicious. Most of the time I load up on chips so much I just get a Tostada and a beer or house margarita. 

When I used to eat chicken and dairy the chicken chimi fundido was something I always went for. I get the veggie burrito on occasion now but that isn't anything great, it's got plenty of veggies but nothing to write home about(if my home was in Mexico). The veggies in it aren't what I think of when I think Mexican, it has carrots, cauliflower, etc in it. No peppers, onions, etc.....oh well.

I would just give it 3 stars if I didn't love the chips/salsa and location/ atmosphere so much. That bumps it up a star in my book. 

Salsa is like ketchup? Seriously? Sorry...I can't let it go.

Oh yeah, for awhile in 2008 every time my girlfriend and I went here it seemed there was always a wedding party, high school reunion, or other annoying large group gathering. In 2009 we haven't seen as much of it but be warned, you can usually still dine, but half the place is reserved and you have to deal with horrible band or MC music and exhaustingly obnoxious people.
Aunt Chilada.. You bad seorita.. Here's your grade.. No bueno.. You get an F.. I drove all the way from my hood to go & visit you across town.. You treated me like a step niece that you hated ! 
Drink order took forever.. & was wrong.. No H2o.. Despite 3 , yes 3requests.. Order was wrong., took a bazillion million minutes to get.. And the waitress was not a happy girl.. Nope, Aunt Chilada she was not.. And your chips were stale too.. The cheese on top
the taco came when of all things I finally get to pay my debt to you for bad service and nibbles.. And then she forgot the credit card.. What the heck, Tia.. Was she getting her nibbles & snack on across the way with my card.. ?? Well.. Sorry , but you let me down..& it'll be a long time before I visit your casa again...
When the Chris Parker Project plays, Aunt Chilada's is a pretty good time, but the food is just so-so. They use fideo and beans as regular sides, but you can sub other sides with no charge.

Our menu:
Spinach enchiladas
Chicken tacos
Chicken enchilada
Fideo
Rice
Refried beans
House margarita
Margarita w/Tres Generaciones and Grand Marnier
Chips + salsa

Spinach enchiladas were mushy and flavorless - probably frozen spinach and too much cheese. Chicken enchiladas were so-so, a little heavy on the sauce.

Tacos and chips were great - flaky, made fresh, good eats. The salsas were both pretty tasty - one chunky and one smooth and spicy.

Both margaritas were pretty good and not expensive. Sounds like Aunt Chilada's is good for sitting at the bar, drinking, and eating chips while you listen to the band. Go elsewhere for dinner.
As an (inexplicably) popular Phoenix destination, I've dined here over the years and been reasonably satisfied.  Service is tolerable, speed is tolerable, ambiance is tolerable.  It's a little overpriced for the quality but I was able to swallow it.

Until tonight.  My group was seated out at a patio table which had the umbrella still on it so we were sitting in shadows.  We asked for a candle for some light- "We're out of candles, I guess we're not doing candles on the tables anymore."  The guy graciously removed the umbrella from the table which helped a bit.

It was downhill from there.  Slow service on drinks, constant creepy lurking interruptions from the waiter, condescending comments during 2/3rds of the tables orders.  Snooty oblivious help from the woman who brought out our orders.  (If the people you're sending out with food can't answer simple questions with anything better than a blank stare, *MAYBE THEY SHOULDN'T BE CARRYING OUT THE FOOD*)

Continually empty water glasses and slow service to the end, I left satisfied only in the knowledge that I will never patronize this restaurant again.
Hands down the BEST chips and salsa in Arizona. The flour chips and the salsa are soooooo good. Seriously - SO good. Its fresh and chunky and to die for it. Its almost worth going JUST for the chips and salsa and a margarita. I'm shocked that Aunt Chilads only has three stars - its one of the better Mexican restaurants in the Valley for many reasons. 

If you want an ambiance that makes you feel like you're in Mexico - this is the spot for you. Sit outside and you're surrounded by a cute bar, plenty of seating, music and lush greenery that just makes you feel like you're in a Mexican Cantina. I think they even had bocce ball. The margaritas are great and the food is good too. No complaints here.
Too bad the chips and salsa are so darn good because we filled up so badly we could hardly eat our meal. The food was still tasty, however: I had the chicken mole, DH had the chingalingas, and the kids each tried a mexican choice off the kids' meals. Our server, Sara, was awesome - she offered to switch out one of the kid's meals when he complained about it being too spicy. For the record, he ate it all and said it was delicious. 

We've eaten there before and decided the best place to fully enjoy this restaurant's fabulous atmosphere is out on the patio so go when the weather is just warm enough to dine al fresco and when it isn't crowded with a private party.
I have been visiting this restaurant for many years and have been present for the changing of the menu almost 4 times! I remember the food being better, so I have been upset with some of the changes, however, I will still make this a once a week stop.  The chips and salsa are AWARD WINNING and for GOOD REASON.  Ask for the flour chips only.  They are the reason to visit this restaurant.  Their chicken quesadilla is amazing and their food is decent, but definitely go for the chips & salsa.  You'll pay a bit much for the food, but it is definitely worth it.  Just remember to come for dinner early if you are visiting on a Wednesday or a Friday or there's only street parking available.  The bar gets to be pretty packed on these nights.
I really enjoyed this place.  They had some real good food.  Felt very authentic... or at least southwest mexican good!
I'm giving Aunt Chilada's a 3. Its ok. The service is ok. 

We went here this past weekend with a group of about 25 people. They sat us at 3 different tables. We asked our server if each table could have its own tab, so it would be easier for us and them to figure out at the end....they said no. Lovely. Luckily there was an atm in the bar area so we were able to pull out cash. 

The food came out faster then expected with such a large group. Mine was decent, though I ordered a cheese enchilada and they gave me chicken and never came back to ask how our food was :( BUT I also ordered a green corn tamale AND a beef taco (Leave me alone, I worked all day and was hungry as all hell) Those were both way super tasty. 

I do have big beef with their chips. They suck. Who wants flaky not so crispy chips for dipping in salsa...not me. I want my chips crispy, thin and crunchy thank you very much. 

The margaritas were good, they got me sauced. 

I wouldn't ask to go back, but if someone suggested going, I wouldn't put up a stink. Its ok.
There are so many more places you can spend your hard earned cash and get a much better meal. Telling the truth is not slander.  

Yes, the chips and salsa are good. They, however, are not the meal.   I find the food to be bland with a mushy texture.  For example, the picadillo tastes like something you could buy a mix at a grocery store and make at home.  

The restraunt is cute-looking, but dirty.  The rafters have dust bunnies.  The last unfortunate meal I ate there, we were seated by a group.  The restraunt was not busy at all.  The server never came to collect my card so we could leave.  I ended up taking it to the hostess.  If you want sub-par food, sucky service, and a dirty restraunt do go here.
We eat here quite often.  My parents absolutely love this place, so this is their place of choice when it comes to mexican food.  The salsa and flour chips are absolutely amazing, but the entree dishes are just okay to good.  The service here is hit or miss.  Overall, a good place.  A very cool patio during the nice months of the year.  Just don't expect to eat the mexician food ever here.
We went to this restaurant for a group meetup.  The restaurant was very good when it came to reserving and setting up our large table.  We enjoyed being in the company of others.  That said, the food was sorely lacking.

Their chips and salsa are supposedly "award winning".  In all fairness, the mild salsa was unique.  It had a wide range of ingredients in it and was  tasty.  The spicy salsa was indeed spicy but there was nothing about it to make it stand out from other Mexican restaurant salsas.  The chips were unusual.  Some had the consistency of a deep fried pie crust.  In other words, they were very flaky.  Yet others were like chips found in other restaurants.

For my drink, I ordered a frozen mango margarita with salt.  The mango flavoring was faint and there was very little salt on the glass.

For dinner, I had a combo plate --- one chile relleno and one chicken enchilada.    The dish came with refried beans and "fideos" (noodles with a meat sauce).  The chile relleno was the worst one I've ever had.  It held together very poorly.  For example, when I was less than halfway through it, I cut off a piece with my fork and out came the entire remaining chile!  What was left was the batter and the jack cheese!  The chicken enchilada was generous with the chicken portion but pretty forgettable.  The fideos were certainly a unique touch and pleasantly flavored.

The restaurant was very good when it came to accomodating those in our group who were vegetarians.  They were willing to substitute sides that had meat in them for a vegetable side dish.

Service was friendly, prompt and helpful---no complaints there.  That said, I certainly won't go back when I'm in AZ.  Without going into too much information, the whole meal left me with a bad case of indigestion.

There is certainly much, much better Mexican food to be had in the Phoenix area!
My Hubby found this place doing a drive by for one of his work's properties (he works for Century 21) & thought we should try it out. We met there today for lunch & it was gorgeous out so we sat on the patio.  

Our waitress was Chelsie & she was really sweet! We started off with the chips & salsa. So damn good, the best we've ever had for sure! We decided to get an appetizer, although I regret it now because the chips & salsa were an appetizer in itself! Any way, we got the standard cheese quesadilla with sour cream. It was ok, too greasy for us. For our meals, my Hubs ordered the chicken fajitas & I ordered the shrimp tacos. They offer fideo & beans for sides but it didn't sound appealing to us so we got rice instead. We were already stuffed from the chips & appetizer so we hardly ate our meals but the few bites we did have were yummy!

Overall we liked it here & will definitely be coming back! Maybe even for Cinco de Mayo which our waitress told us all about, sounds like a lot of fun. Either way, next time I come I am getting a margarita & dessert ;)
Bad, just bad.
Food is underwhelming. My friend did not like her wine after one sip and asked the waiter to exchange it for something else. He actually balked and said he would have to check with the manager before he could do that. What???Are you kidding me? Big mistake. Then I tasted my incredibly weak margherita, all sweet, horrible. Yea, they sell you an 18oz. drink, but whats the point if it sucks. Decided not to deal with the bartender directly instead of flustering our waiter again. Walked up to the bar and in a very calm, and nice way explained to the bartender that I was underwhelmed with my drink, that it was too sweet and I could not taste a hint of tequila. Well I guess tha was an insult, and instead of dealing with me as a customer, she told me that she made the drink and there was basically nothing wrong with it and nothing she could do. Really?
This is the type of badly run, corporate restaurant I cannot stand. No owners to deal with, no one that cares, just crappy service and a culture that forgets about the customer. Owners need to go into a Houston's and see how a large corporate restaurant should be run.
Ate here on a Wednesday night. We were staying across the street at the Hilton and it was nice to be able to walk there. Food was average. The flour tortilla chips were good. The service was fast. Price was reasonable. Not sure who thought it was a good idea to serve pasta with mexican.
Met friends for happy hour and dinner.  Outdoor patio was fantastic!  Decent margarita at a decent price. The chips and salsa were good. Not the most authentic in Mexican food but overall a nice evening.
I went to this place several times for drinks, lunch and happy hours and I think it is more for the atmosphere.  Their decor is fun and their Happy Hour is nice because they have a free chips / salsa bar available.  

Last night, I ordered a Blue Moon I think it was 22oz for 6.50 and a Sour Cream Chicken Enchilada for about 6.95 (off of the a la carte menu)  and sat watching 2 baseball games with my hubby.  There were a few people at first around 5pm and the service was pretty fast, but as more and more groups started showing up the service was slower because it was just the two of us and the waitress had to deal with about 2 / 3 groups of 4 - 8.

I totally understand being busy, especially when our food came out fairly quick in the beginning, but the meal itself was ok.  I think it is a fun place to be and their chips and salsa are good, but for food I think you will just be stuck with an ok.
I wanted to dislike this place. Hokey decor and ubiquitous gringos that come with any american-mexican joint; but maybe it was that I had come in with a huge (15+) group of people and was in generally a good mood from straight chilling on the next-door Hilton's lazy river that framed it positively.

Big restaurant is big: no problem seating everyone, huge outdoor patio, chips and salsa constantly flowing.

Had a Corona light and said to hell with counting calories tonight - it's time for Pollo Fundido, something filled with chicken and jalapeno cream cheese that there is no way you can finish in one sitting.

Came away sated and generally happy with our servers and the copious amounts of beef/chicken/cheese/tortillas/more cheese that everyone at our tables got quickly and pretty tastily. Just get rice instead of fideo with your entree.

Good for what it presents itself to be.
I'm a little conflicted in giving Aunt Chilada's a rating: I've been to the restaurant many times and would possibly say it's my favorite Mexican place to go for dinner (not that I've been to too many Mexican places since I just moved here and my boyfriend is a creature of habit).  The main problem is that the food has been a disappointment more often than not.

Love the hand shaken margarita, which comes with your choice of top shelf tequila and a floater (we usually go with Cointreau).  The flour chips are also really delicious, even if they're not authentic Mexican.  I was iffy on the salsa at first, since it has most of the garden thrown in (olives being the main rogue ingredient), but it's really grown on me over time.

Don't have too many recommendations on entrees.  The fajitas are ok and come with enough to take home for lunch or dinner the next day.  Pretty much everything else I've had has been a failure: greasy, oily quesadillas, dried out machaca and chicken in enchiladas, a chili relleno that was 75% breading.

Thing is, by the time I've enjoyed my margarita and some flour chips out on the awesome patio, I don't need much else to make me happy.  Two stars for an indoor experience, four stars for the patio.  Average it out for three overall.
I just left this restaurant 15 minutes ago and decided to sign up for Yelp to write this review. 

Listen, Aunt Chilada's, before tonight... was a mediocre restaurant near where my boyfriend works. We'd sometimes go there for lunch if we needed a quick bite, and the salsa was good. So it was there to fill our need if we really had nowhere else to go. That being said, tonight was a disaster.

I'm sure it's because they had a few large groups of people who'd already sat down before us in the banquet room, wherever that is. But we waited for over an hour for our food. When it arrived, my burrito had cheese in it (I am lactose intolerant and asked for none). The waiter was courteous and zipped back to get me my correct order, but came back a mere ten seconds later with a cold burrito. Really? I know I've already waited, but at least give it to me warm.

All in all, the server generally ignored us because the table to our left was angry they weren't getting any food, and the table to the right of us had a solid 30 people in it. So, I get it in a sense. But it would've been nice to have them tell us straight out that they had a 46 person table on the other side of the restuarant that just ordered, and that the giant party to our right hadn't gotten their food yet either. It would've saved me a lot of time. Definitely was not worth the money, and never will return again.
Just ate at Aunt Chilada's and it was very tasty. Some people commented that they didn't like the noodles (fideo) with the beans but that was my favorite part! I didn't really care for them alone, but mixed in with the beans it was delicious! 

I ordered number 7 (cheese enchilada + green corn tamale) which was good, albeit pretty standard and my mom got the chicken tortilla soup which she said she would definitely get again. And I'd have to agree with the other yelpers- the chips and salsa are FANTASTIC!
Best chips and salsa in the wide world and delicious hand-tossed margaritas. The staff is incredibly friendly, and the atmosphere is impressive. Do yourself a favor and order the Creamy Chipotle Chicken. You're welcome.
I went to Aunt Chilada's on a gorgeous 80 degree day in December, so we were able to sit outside. The patio is pleasant and plush with lots of plants, flowers, birds running around, and a fountain. As many of the other reviews said, the chips and salsa are great! Since my date and I ate so many chips, we decided to share a fajita, which was good but nothing special. The service was respectable and our water glasses were always filled. I did not drink, but I saw a few margaritas go by that looked quite tempting!! I also heard they have bands on the weekends, which I want to check out sometime. It was a great dining experience and the atmosphere on the patio was wonderful! I would definitely recommend going here on a nice day so you can sit outside.
Great Chips and Salsa (especially the flour chips).  The meals aren't the most exciting.  But you don't come here for cutting edge reimaginations, you come here for the old school feel and reliable menu.  The Sunday brunch comes with a chocolate fountain for goodness sakes (a fad that should have died a merciful death about ten years ago).  Everything here is tasty, full fatty and will taste better if you drown it in the salsa.  The happy hour is generally packed and it's nice to see a place that refuses to change with the times.
Had just gotten off a long flight and wondered into Aunt Chiladas for the first time.  Loved the food and the margaritas !!  Will go back again.
Aunt Chilada's, you are like an old best friend.. I may lose touch with you from time to time, but when we meet again, things are the same and you are there to make me happy.

Not a flour chip kinda girl...I dig for the old school chips. 
Your patio is cozy and where I want to be on a beautiful AZ day.
Don't ever change your fun Sunday brunch. 

see you soon!
Look elsewhere, would be my advice.

First of all, the much heralded chips and salsa were half-chips and half-tortilla bowls. Not a fan of that. And though it was nice to have a bowl of hot salsa and another one of milder, the mild one had olives in it instead of just being a good salsa fresca.

The combination platter was good, but I forgot to tell them I wanted black beans and rice instead of refried beans and those noodle things (fideo?). My fault for not telling them, but it would be nice to be asked, when it is an option on the menu.

Which brings me to my third point, the service was pretty bad. Guy at my table asked for a second beer, never got it. Salt was delivered on the glass of a margharita even when it was requested not to be. It took forever for them to even take our order.

The best thing is that their outdoor patio is really nice, when the weather is good, especially.
What a bummer! This is our neighborhood hangout, and we've always loved the salsa and chips. We ate lunch out on the patio yesterday, and got one bowl of regular chips and one of flour chips. Then, as we read the new menus, we noticed that they are now charging $2.25 for any additional bowls of chips! And these are small bowls! My favorite part of going to ACs was the salsa and chips. Also, with a new menu you get, you guessed it, higher prices! And they eliminated our favorite lunch specials! The waitress said they are making their own chips now, instead of buying them, so, since they have to pay someone to make the chips, they can no longer just give them away in the same quantities. She said something about how so many chips were being left on the tables. I can understand raising prices. I can even understand charging for extra chips. But, I can't tolerate raising prices and charging for extra chips. At least put out a larger bowl of chips for the first batch!! This may seem petty to some, but to us it is a very big deal. We will patronize those restaurants that seem to value us as customers. Free chips are such a tradition, it's hard to have that taken away. Oh, and it was very nice out on the patio--loved (seriously) all the little birdies coming around for morsels.
Their new menu is AMAZING!! The grilled Basa fish is to die for!!! 

And they have Foursquare AND Facebook specials! So i got a FREE messy sundae and a FREE pint of their famous salsa all just for "Checking-in" AWESOME!!
I give this place one star, begrudgingly. The only good thing about this place was the ambiance and the service at the bar. I am appalled by the service we had at the table. I have never been treated so badly. We had a party of 6, and we chose a table on the patio. The patio was really cool and full of party goers, mostly large groups of people. We sat for about an hour and a half without a server, so we got our drinks from the bar.  No big deal.Finally we decided we wanted some food, so a member of our group flagged down a waitress. Big mistake! The server, Cindy, was the WORST! She was so rude. She explained that no one knew whose table ours was, so no one waited on us. My sister tried to order and she snapped at her, "I am waiting until everyone is ready to order!" I suggested maybe we should order from the bar and then she snapped at me, "You cannot order from the bar! You have to order from me." We ordered our food and, after several eye rolls, Cindy left our table. I seriously should have talked to a manager because she was so rude to our party. She continually rolled her eyes when we ordered drinks. The food came and it was awful. I ordered the shrimp tacos. They were completely dry and almost inedible.  I will never go back to this establishment. I cannot believe the treatment we received. This woman should not be in the service industry. I would think, in this economy, there are plenty if servers who would have wanted to wait on a party like ours. We spent $200 at table, not even counting the drinks we got at the bar. We are all upper middle class people; there was no reason Cindy would have thought we would not have tipped her well. I always give servers the benefit of the doubt; I was a server for 10 years, so I understand they have bad days. But this behavior was inexcusable and shocking. Cindy was the rudest server I have EVER had. I cannot even explain it in words. It wasn't what she said, it was the condescending tone, eye rolling, and abrupt responses.
I was browsing Yelp and saw all the bad reviews of Aunt Chiladas. I laughed because of all my bad experiences there myself. 

Every time I have gone there for food I have had a horrible experience. They have very limited choices for vegetarians. Now, I understand Mexican food is not vegetarian friendly. I am half Mexican myself. I know refried beans and tamales are traditionally made with lard and sauces and rice often have stock in them. I am usually able to ignore it if I can't taste it. Or a server will be able to offer me vegetarian options. 

Every time I have gone there and ordered the vegetable burrito or cheese enchilada combo, the beans tasted horrible. The last time I ordered food there, I was with a very big group of family and friends. I ordered the bean and cheese nachos. The beans tasted and horrible and I asked the server what was in the beans. He said there was bacon in it. I told him I was a vegetarian and ordered the cheese quesadilla. He informed me that there was lard in the tortilla. I told him I would stick to the chips and salsa. He told me there was lard in the chips. I asked him if there was anything without lard and he yelled at me (in front of the whole restaurant) that everything had lard in it. I sarcastically asked him if my margarita had lard in it. He smiled and said no. 

To be fair, I have gone there just for drinks in the bar a few times and had a good time. The bartenders were always nice and they had good bands playing. 

So imagine my horror when I found out my high school reunion was going to be at Aunt Chiladas. My $40 ticket included a buffet full of lard. At least 2 drink tickets were included. But I wasn't going to let a bad restaurant ruin my night of reuniting with my high school chums. So I had a good meal beforehand and hung out around the bar all night. The bar staff was great and I had a wonderful time. :)
Okay, you either hate the chips or you love them.  I love them!  We were pleased to see the new menu at Aunt Chilada's... finally some vegetarian options!  The patio is awesome, you can chill in the sun, enjoy cold beers, and play bocce.  Is it the best Mexican food?  No.  But it's tasty, and that combined with the patio makes Aunt Chilada's a great choice.
I love this place.  Frozen Margarita's are the best and they do not short you on alcohol at all.  Love the chips and salsa and the best item I think is the fish tacos.
Where else can you celebrate Cinco de Mayo with bands, an ice louge and a bocce tournament? ...no, seriously, where else? Their patio is amazing. 

They have a lighter, more fish-eatin' friendly menu than most of the other Mexican joints in the area. If you've never had it, the fideo is a little like a noodles-from-a-bag dish and I recommend skipping it.

Their salsa is full of flavorful ingredients like black olives, but don't go here looking for fire. You'll have to head elsewhere to bring on the heat.
I sat at the outdoor bar under a straw rooftop and the March breeze cooled down the Phoenix 90-degree March heat and I truly felt like I was in Hawaii. The margaritas were S-T-R-O-N-G and the crowd was lively and fun!
We came here during spring break, so it was crowded and we waited about 1/2 an hour. We got seated and our orders were promptly taken. The staff is super nice! They were smiley and friendly. But our food was just okay.

My dad ordered a dish that was supposed to come with peppers and onions and a bunch of stuff (maybe a burrito or something, I can't remember). What he got was fine, but later that night he realized it definitely didn't include all that the menu had described. 

I had a "special order", I asked for just tortillas on the side, and chicken and onions. When I got my food I had tomatoes mixed in with my chicken and onions... it wasn't a big deal, they were small pieces, but still... I thought it would be easy since I'd specified. Besides that though, my food was lukewarm and the foil-wrapped tortillas weren't even hot. 

My mom's food just didn't show up at first. Apparently they had some issue in the kitchen or something... the waitress acted quickly and the food came a few minutes later, so the issue was resolved. 

The best part of the meal, in my opinion, was the warm tortilla chips they serve. Chips and salsa, yum yum! 

Overall though, the food was okay, some of it was warm, some of it wasn't... nothing special about it though. Just a good dinner. Average.
Located in a fairly residential area, Aunt Chiladas has a nice outdoor    seating section along with a bar and bocce ball court.  The menu includes pretty standard items, tacos, burritos, enchilada's as well as some other specialties.

The chips that everyone mentions were OK. They are more of a puffy chip vs. the crisp thin chip you normally see with salsa.

For apps the table shared large tortillas covered with melted cheese, kind 
of like a Mexican pizza and some guacamole.  They were tasty.

For entree, I got the sour cream chicken enchiladas.  The plate was huge.  2 large enchiladas covered in sauce and served with refried beans and rice.  They were good, but the chicken was a bit dry.  Others said the seafood enchiladas were delicious but I didn't taste them.  The chicken in chipolte sauce was good.

If I had the choice, probably wouldn't be my choice for for a meal.
This is a fun place, it's huge with multiple bars and games to play. There was a live band the night I went. They also had $5 Tigers Blood margarita specials that tasted really good. I don't know how often those will be around. Try Tweeting your arrival there, you might get a big surprise like I did. Manager tweeted me back and bought me a drink
Chips here are great! Nice outdoor area that is dog friendly.  Food is good..not great.
Hmmmm... got a message from a manager/owner of Aunt Chiladas regarding my review. Still not sure how I feel about it.

She informed me of the new vegan/vegetarian options on their menu and told me which items contained animal products. Helpful. I guess... 

But then she said their refried beans are made with bacon which is "traditional in Mexican cooking." Maybe traditional in YOUR family. Keep in mind my mother is Mexican. She said growing up her mother would refry beans in lard. But bacon? Nope. Bacon was a luxury. And after several members of the family became vegetarian my grandmother and other family members still made some pretty damn good beans and tortillas, lard-free. 

She then went on to say that the menu chosen by my high school reunion committee was not a menu I would have chosen for myself if I would have known the other options. Sigh. I have been a vegetarian my whole life. When I see a Mexican buffet, I can usually count on chips, salsa, beans, and rice. But the waiter who yelled at me said EVERYTHING had a meat product in it. And this was way before their "new" menu came out with vegetarian options, including vegetarian black beans. 

Her apology was half-a**ed. She apologized for my "experience".  She didn't even apologize for the unbelievably rude and mean behavior of the server who yelled at me for asking about vegetarian items.

And one more thing I forgot to throw in my previous review. At my reunion, the bartender they had in the banquet room was awful. A rude, angry bitter old man. Just warning anyone who might have an event here. Luckily the party moved to the main bar and the staff there is awesome. See? I give credit where it is due...
This was a fun place, which had been recommended by a few people I know. A bit difficult to find because of the mostly residential setting and very crowded due to happy hour. 
In all honesty the service was slow though the server did keep coming back to apologize. 
Bonus was that for the healthy eater there were options. Often this is a very difficult task! 
I thought the chips and salsa were good - flour chip ones were great.
I do wish that their "hot" salsa had been spicier though I do have a love of exceptionally spicy food & for me, habanero salsa is "medium". 
I would definitely go back though. Good evening overall.
Nice and accommodating wait staff. That was about it. Parking is weird. The front entrance is not where the parking lot is. It's on a side street. Then when you walk in you have to keep your kids from putting their hands in the algae filled fountain. I think the goldfish live off algae. They do wedding receptions there if you're into that sort of thing. The salsa and chips are overrated. The carne asada burrito was horrible. It tasted like charred asada. The kids liked the kids menu, but I've definitely had much better Mexican food. Please clean the algae filled fountain. Goldfish deserve better!
Atmosphere is fun; food no different than Mexican restaurants elsewhere (even Boston - Borders Cafe has better food). The chips might have been the worst we have had. We were expecting more given all the hype. And all the other reviews. Since this seems to be a chain, maybe we just had a bad experience at this specific one.
The food here is not good.  Let's just start with that.  It does have great outdoor seating though and they allow you to reserve tables for happy hour.  We often will walk down there and have a drink, grab some free food from the happy hour buffet and head home.  I never go to eat dinner or anything, but really enjoy just sitting outside with a beer.
There are no words to describe how amazing Aunties is. It's hidden away like an oasis in a paradise. It has beauty, style, class and dreamy like atmosphere. A dream you never want to wake up from. The place is huge there are two outside patio and inside room where live music happens on Fridays. Beside it's natural beauty on the outside it wouldn't mean anything if it had no substance. The people are what makes this place gold. They are unique, laid back, classy (most of them) and bring a positive upbeat, mature vibe to the table. From bar tenders to guests it's a lovely way to spend my Fridays after a long week at work.
I recommend this to individuals who want to get away into a paradise but stay here on earth. To people who want to eat best nachos ever and wash it down with a ice cold beer. For a great night out look no further then Auntcheladas!
Been going to Aunt Chilada's for over 10 years now and I'm sad to see the quality of the food and service declining.  I had my wedding reception on the patio 11 years ago and could not have been happier.  Went for dinner last weekend for my wife's birthday and don't know if I'll ever go back.  Our group waited over an hour for our meals to arrive and during that time our waitress only came to the table once to take drink orders.  No one should have to leave their table and go to the bar to order a drink.  The one time our waitress did come by she said there was a mix up with our order.  When it finally arrived 3 of us asked for side of sour cream.  Unfortunately it never came.  Luckily for our waitress we had a large group so gratuity was automatically added to our bill.  Otherwise she would not have seen much.
I was concerned that I wouldn't be able to eat anything here, since I am a vegan. I was pleasantly surprised to see 'vegan tacos' on the menu. The tacos don't have a description on the menu, but they are 2 crisp lettuce cups filled with sauteed vegetables. The tacos come with a bowl of black beans. It was very satisfying. I was told by our waiter that the tortilla chips are fried in oil, not lard, but other reviewers had mentioned they are fried in lard. Not sure who's right on that one. We were will a group of 8 and we had great service for our dinner.
Flour chips r delicious!! And the bartenders are hot too! :)
Free buffet with drink purchase in the bar... spinach & chickn enchiladas were good.
Nasty. Terrible service, hotel food. Save your money or go to via de los Santos up the road!
Birthday party. 30 people. Buffet style.
I wouldn't go there again, but it was nice enough for that night. 
Food wasn't spectacular, and there wasn't any sort of view.
I guess it's a great place for a party, though.
Yep. Still sucks.

Went their recently for a friend's birthday. Didn't want to but it was for one of my oldest friends and I didn't want to disappoint her. 

I only ordered drinks and had some chips and salsa. Drinks were good but the chips and salsa weren't great. The server seemed annoyed I wasn't ordering food, but do you blame me with my past experiences? I had a taste of my friend's cheese enchilada and vegan black beans the staff is so proud of. Not impressed.

Yelpers please keep in mind that some of the 5 star reviews you see posted for Aunt Chiladas quite possibly may be an employee. How do I know this? Because I got a message from an employee after my last update. She said that she knows which bartender I am talking about that was rude at my HS reunion and said "he is really great, just not for banquets." She also said "I do not know why any server would yell at you, that is just ridiculous." And my personal favorite "And yes, there is bacon and lard in our re fried beans. I have no hispanic background, so I am not sure what is traditional. But they are pretty tastey." But then she says "
With that said, I really hope you come back."

Direct quotes. And this employee has a glowing 5 star review for Aunt Chiladas and she says nothing about being an employee. Isn't this breaking some sort of Yelp rule? And what business does she have messaging me unless she is a manager? 

Sorry but I wouldn't trust any Mexican restaurant in the Phoenix area that has less than 4 stars. There are many better choices.
Service is decent, food is just okay, and location is a little hard to find if you don't know what you're looking for. It's a crazy fun place during happy hour - voted one of the best in Phoenix.
Great place to have good a meal; the set up of Aunt Chilada's works well for private parties; good outdoor seating as well.   I think you will enjoy the experience.
A tasty blast! Games, music, good food, great drinks and an authentic, uplifting atmosphere (especially the huge patio!)  I'll be back for sure.
Ate dinner here a week ago.  They advertised a free buffet for happy hour but turns out it is nothing more than chips and salsa.   They also have a fruit platter but who is going to eat that with the cantaloupe killing so many people. When we saw the "Buffet" we decided to try dinner.  Did not like the food. Just a tiny step above fast food.  The side dish was sone kind of noodles but they were cut up in about 1 inch pieces.  The beans were mashed and I almost gagged on them.  The chile relleno was the best part of the meal but still not up to par with the Barrio Cafe,  I do not plan on going back here again.  Can't believe their quality of food since they are located in a high class neighborhood.
Their adsvertising photos below are terrible.  Photgrapher used very bad lighting and it shows.
Good food, good atmosphere, friendly staff.

Patio is dog friendly, they even brought out water for our 130 pound rottie, he loved it! Great place to take the kids, they love the free chocolate fountain.

Chips and salsa are fabulous!
We went here while visiting our son and grandson in Phoenix

I cant say that I was too impressed with the meal. I got a beef tamale and 2 beef enchiladas which were OK but far from anything special. The Fiedo was pretty tasty and we both thought that the chips and salsa were good, especially the flour ones.

Will we go back, possibly during happy hour for the free buffet and because the chips and salsa here are very tasty.
Great local place. I was staying with a friend right down the street so Aunt Chiladas became the "go to" place when we didn't want to drive anywhere.  

I tried the chicken and spinach enchiladas as well as the seafood enchiladas on different visits.  The chicken and spinach enchiladas were bland but the seafood enchiladas were very good, containing shrimp and bay scallops. Each was accompanied by rice and beans, traditional although I thought that the beans had an overwhelming lard flavor.

The complimentary chips were good - including both flour and corn chips. The mild salsa was flavorful, with black olives in it...interesting.
We went there this past weekend.  There are always private parties going on during weekends, so be prepared to wait to get seated.  Once we got seated, we were right in the middle of traffic, which was not very pleasant.  My husband ordered a chimichanga, which he was not impressed with.  I ordered the fish tacos, which were really good.  We do love their salsa and chips.  

In the past we used to come to Aunt Chiladas frequently.  The atmosphere is fun and laid back.  We felt like something had changed this past trip, aside from the menu.  We didn't get that warm fuzzy feeling we used to get while visiting.  I don't think we will be back.
The Food: Average Mexican Fare.  It's not the best you have ever had, but not the worst either.  Aunt Chilada's best point is the patio.  Go for happy hour, or a light dinner.  Sit on the patio, have a few beers, and some apps.  Take out of towners and locals.  Play some bocce and chill.
After my review is a History of Aunt Chilada's from their site- excerpted:

We went for lunch Saturday around 11:30am. A Group of 6 adults. My wife and I visiting from Denver, the  rest live in the area. My son recommended the place and we went with him, his wife and their Realtors. We thought the restaurant was nicely decorated, they have an area for bocce ball play, they say they are dog friendly. My wife liked the lit fireplace. When we arrived, there was only 2 or three other parties there for lunch.  When we left, they started filling up. Guess we need to leave a place more often to help the business :-)

What we Ordered:  Soft drinks for everyone.

Sour cream enchilada, El Pollo Fundido, Two item combo, Lunch Rellano, Spinach Chicken Enchilada, Chicken Avocado Salad, Caramel Flan, Sopapilla (nice they served the honey in a small bowl with a spoon), Caramel Flan

We also had chips and salsa. Chips were a combo of puffy and toasted. Salsa was mild. Over all thought they were okay. I happen to prefer crispy chips myself.

Everyone thought the food was delicious, I had the Chicken Avocado salad, it was okay. I'm not much on Mexican food, and usually it doesn't agree with me, so I ordered a neutral dish.  I've ordered sopapllia before, these were triangular in shape, and I thought over done, and more chewy then I remember from other places.  Flan tasted pretty good.  The place seems okay, the Realtors, said they felt it was good and would try the other one that's in the area to see how it was.  I don't think the other Aunt Chiladas is associated with this one.

I think it would be a good place, and would try the other dishes, as well as come back some evening to see how it is.  We came because my wife and I always enjoy visiting places with a history.

Below is History of Aunt Chiladas from their site abbreviated:

Shortly after the reluctant surrender of Geronimo (1886). Arizona was still an untamed territory, and Aunt Chilada's North Room was built on the foundation of the only general store serving the laborers working the Rico Mercury Mine... After a long day deep in the mines, the men emerged appearing somewhat inebriated and dreamy-eyed from inhaling the mercury fumes. As they walked down the dusty road to the general store, people were heard to remark, "The men are back from The Dreamy Draw".

Following the repeal of prohibition, Dave and Jesse Noble, the land's owners at the time were granted the first liquor license issued by the State of Arizona.

The store was later reopened as The Peek Steak House, getting its name ..from a uniquely placed and somewhat revealing window set in the ceiling of the bar (now the Tienda). Throughout the night, scantily clad women would climb into the attic and perform a hootchy-kootchy dance while patrons sneaked a peek through the window. 

This infamous bar and restaurant again found notoriety as it began a new life as George's Ole! George Cocherham was..a captain in the Phoenix Fire Department ... He used over 3,000 Santa Fe railroad ties, native stone from the area and a little help from his off-duty firefighter friends, George expanded the building to its present size. 

George made one other important addition, he purchased Arizona's Original smoker from Gentleman Jim's Barbeque at the corner of 16th and Oak Streets, and moved it to the Garden Patio where he not only smoked traditional meats and fowl but would also smoke game animals brought in by his customers....

The same tradition exists today. Aunt Chilada's still slow roasts a variety of delicious meats, chicken and vegetables over aged mesquite wood every day....

In the early 80's, Bob Gosnell bought the restaurant, renamed it Aunt Chilada's and made it a member of The Pointe's growing family of restaurants. It became known as " The Hideaway", by the locals... 

Ken was the overseer of food and beverage operations.... in January of 1995 Ken along with his partner, Lee Midtun, purchased the restaurant.

The Nagels - Ken, his wife Candice and their four daughters - now greet and serve guests.
Best tortilla chips I have had even if the salsa is half ass. The entrees are also above average and the ambiance really does give you that Mexican cantina feel.
Stopped in for lunch with my two sons.  The last time i visited was over 18 years ago (I don't get to Phoenix all that often).  The outside patio was great, especially for a group from the frozen north who don't sit outside to eat in December.  The menu was adequate, with a good selection for lunch.  Chips and salsa were interesting, mild.  Food was well prepared and portions generous for the price paid.  Service was good.  Overall, a good, but not outstanding experience.
I had expected more greatness from this place. The salsa was good, service good, atmosphere ok. I was a lone diner, and they sat me back in a dark corner. I had brought a book to read while eating, but couldn't even see the pages. 
The best part of the menu was the ceviche. If a restaurant has ceviche, you know the food is good. I cannot resist raw seafood.
 The tortilla soup was ok, and the chips and salsa was above average. The chips were REALLY good actually. 
The bloody maria (tequila rather than vodka) was also average, nothing special. Heck, it was even on special and the waitress charged me full price.
With all the advertising saying this was the best mexican place around, I expected alot better.
My friends go to the free buffet most Fridays after classes so I joined them.
I was excited because they rave about how good the food is and the drinks are cheap!

HOWEVER....the buffet was set outside on the patio where it was freezing so the food was cold and gross. 

Why would you put uncovered hot dishes outside. Sternos cant keep up with that.
I guess starving students are less likely to notice cold food??

I would rather pay than eat that buffet again.

Makes me wonder how their regular quality and care to food temps is.

Not excited to try that again.
Cute outside space, games and places for dogs.
Spring may be a better time to enjoy this venue
We were invited here with some friends and the food and drinks and service were alright.They were not terrible, but not worth going back for. Just very cheesy and greasy and I am sure a fat and calorie bomb!
We took the family out for dinner on a Thursday night.  The kids wanted chips & salsa, gotta love'm!

It is a bit hidden of the beaten path but Yelp & iPhone map took us right to the front door. 

The patio is really interesting. It was a bit chilly for our taste, but others were bundled up and enjoying the patio. We sat inside near the fireplace. 

The chips & salsa were good, not the best, but not the worst by far.  Three of us shared fajitas and our son had a cheeseburger & fries, very authentic "Mexican", only my son!! The burger didn't last long, it must have been awesome because he had already had a basket of chips on his own. We enjoyed our fajitas, our daughter has been on a fajita kick for about three months now. Guess its less expensive than the Prime Rib kick she was on the eight months prior. 

We had a nice evening, but Aunt Chilada's is a bit far for us to drive for Mexican food.
Chips were great, enchiladas were great, and the ladies loved the margaritas! It's got a fun atmosphere and excellent service, will definitely go again! It is a little hard to find tucked behind the hilton and some apartments.
Forgive me Aunt Chiladas! I`m so ashamed to admit that I live in your neighborhood, have been coming here forever and just now writing a review! Better late than never!
Ok what I like about this place: Best Happy Hour around- drink specials and free buffet! On Fridays they have live music and it gets packed. On beautiful weather the patio areas are great to be hanging out!
Sundays- awesome brunch with a chocolate fountain.
Margaritas- frozen, on the rocks, top shelf, etc- love them here!
Chips and salsa- love the flaky, crispy chips here! Not a real fan of the chunky salsa( I like mine hot!) but you get two kinds- the chunky and a red mole style which is spicer so me likey!
Grreat  place for groups!!! And the patio is dog friendly!
For Cinco De Mayo- come here! All day live music fest!!
ps, the inside is more intimate for dinner, I am a fan of the sour cream and chicken enchiladas! I love coming here!!
We went with family who go here on a regular basis and were underwhelmed. While I see the appeal of the all you can eat Happy Hour, the rest of the experience left a lot to be desired.  If all you want is a couple of drinks and a couple of small plates of free mediocre tacos - then by all means, knock yourself out.

We wanted an actual dinner so we went to the other side of the restaurant to get a real table away from the happy hour crowd. And there we sat, with nothing but chips and salsa, for at least 25 minutes. Two different servers took orders and attended to other tables within view and not one person even acknowledged our existence. When we attempted to get their attention, we were ignored. We finally got up and left and went elsewhere.  Based on the menu options and the quality of the food at Happy Hour, I'm willing to bet there are probably a dozen other Mexican restaurants in the area that offer better food and service.
Aunt Chilada's is one of my favorite places to eat outdoors in Phoenix, when it's not cold, and when it's not 100 million gazillion degrees. 

They have rockin happy hour specials, great margaritas, and pretty good Mexican food. It's a little gringo, but it's yummy, and when my parents were buying, it was great! ( I ate here a lot in college).

I'm a fan of the chips and salsa, too.
I used to live walking distance away from Aunt C's, and it was always a good time no matter what night we'd pay a visit even before the bocce ball court was installed.  The prices I think are a little inflated for their attachment to the Squaw Peak Hilton but as a regular you figure out that the flour chips and salsa fill you up VERY well and a couple of cold beers/margarita's go a long way with an appetizer and can be considered a meal.  

There may have been (very) few slip-ups over the years of visiting thus the 4 outta 5. But I have to admit we had our wedding rehearsal dinner here in the back room and they handled everything exceptionally from the whoops, we need another table, to wowing my new family here in AZ as well as my family from back east with great food and sopapillas (yum!), as well as keeping the margarita pitchers filled all night.  The outdoor patios and gardens make this place feel as though it's your own back yard, keep up the good work Aunt C's!!!!!!!!!!!
Okay so we had an awesome Yelp event here tonight! I thought the service was superb! I thought the drinks were great! I thought the party favors were a hit! Just a note on the food... it was buffet style & I enjoyed all of it! I especially loved the corn tamales... they were spectacular! Cheesy, Creamy, and Corny.... just like me! LOL =) I loved the atmosphere... there was a lot of old town feel & history here! You should stop by & pay a visit. Nice going Aunt Chilada's, you know how to throw a party... real live donkey & all!
Yet another fabulous Yelp event held at this locale. Great food.....and I am not a Mexican food lover at all....but again the food was very good. The atmosphere is authentic Mexican....a Bocce court right next to the walkway....fantastic patio for our yelp event....good live music....and there was even a "Hell's Kitchen" celebrity chef serving up shrimp in a grille pineapple. 

Yelp done it's usual prize giveaways....which are always fun....there was fiesta theme for this event and there was even a "Adult" penyata which I don't think anyone was able to break open....LOL!!!! I found out they even do a free buffet during happy hour Monday-Friday 4:30pm until 6:30pm.....that's awesome. So while I don't drink or really like Mexican food.....I highly recommend this location for it's authentic feel and great patio to sit under the stars and Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
AZ icon at its best. 

The place itself is amazing, the owners and staff are freakin cool. The food is always great even if you go for the happy hour only!

If you can check this place out and bring 1 or 17 of your buddies,.,,
Attended a yelp event here tonight with my boyfriend.....never been here before. The food was excellent and it was served buffet style. Had beef tacos, taquitos, tamales, chicken wings....followed by fried ice cream, sopapillas and flan. All of the food was wonderful, tasty and packed with flavor. Enjoyed all of this on the outside patio.
Will come back again.
Was here last night for a Yelp event.  

Reason for the missing star - The handicapped stall in the ladies room on the patio - Its door latch/lock is broken.  Couldn't keep the stall door closed.  

Being almost 30 weeks pregnant and maneuvering in a regular stall - Not fun.  

Other than that - I've always loved this tucked away location!!  :)
I went here for the yelp event and it was great! The venue was great and huge only problem was the parking. I love the name of this place! there was even the bar outside. I ate buffet style but there was so many chips. I would hold a big party group here and the name of this place is funny/amazing.
This place is a little tucked away hidden treasure! The venue is awesome with so many areas to sit and enjoy. The Yelp event I went to had the exclusive use of the large outdoor patio - totally cool, right? It is so open and had great space for the stage, the buffet set up and other little fun attractions set up around the place....hello beer burro! It immediately had me thinking about what kind of party or celebration I could have on this patio...guess that means I'm sold on the venue, huh?
The food was great and offered a lot of variety. My favorites were the tamale and the desserts. The service was excellent and the staff was super friendly. Definitely a fun place to stop by for a good meal, a good drink or if you want to have a full on fiesta with you and 50 of your closest friends! Ole!
Aunt Chiladas hosted the latest Yelp event and what an event it was. The food was excellent. i was especially partial to the tamales...ate several. the chips and salsa at each table were excellent as well. the margaritas from the bar were nice and sweet/salty, just the right ratio. 

we'll definitely check them out again for their regular menu!
I've had waaaay better Mexican. I grew up across the way from the barrios in Santa Ana so I know me some good Mexican.

Pros:

-Cute outdoor decor. That was it.
-the cheese crisp was ok.
-they had flour tortilla chips that were pretty tasty and a nice change from corn.

Cons:

-Food was not good. I can make better Mexican, and I'm Asian.
-ceviche tasted like frozen shrimp mixed with salsa. 
-drinks were watered down. I ordered a margarita and it came with a side tumbler so I was excited until I tasted it...watery. 

Verdict:

Would not go again although it was fun following the chilies on the path back to my hotel.
There is better Mexican food around. This place is just ok and will do in a pinch.
We have been going to Scottsdale in April for the last 20 years for the Scottsdale Culinary Festival. About 10 years ago the consierge at our hotel recommended Aunt Chilada's for great Mexican food. We have been going back for lunch ever since. We fly into Phoenix, have lunch at Aunt Chilada's, then drive to Scottsdale. We always look forward to their great salsa and chips, especially the flour chips. Last year I ordered my regular taco salad and was very disappointed when it no longer came in a flour tortilla shell. My new favorites are the fish tacos and chile rellenos off of the lunch menu.
This place doesn't necessarily have the best mexican food in the country but the outdoor dining, pleasant atmosphere, and very cold beer on a hot day, always hits the spot.
What the hell?  I have never experienced a restaurant go down the toilet so fast.  Its like a bad night in mexico.  Service sucked, but the food sucked more.  if by chance you want the blandest food this side of england, this place is for you, but if you want any form of mexican fare, you'd be better off going to taco smell, and I am no fan of fast food, whether it be from north of the border or farther north of the border.  I used to be a big fan of the Aunt, but I can confidently say I will never, ever give this place another try, it was really that bad.
Every Friday night, there is live music and every single time we've been there, the band has been awesome.  It's a great atmosphere.  You can hang out inside and dance or go outside and sit down with your friends and still hear the music.
Every time I have come to Aunt Chilada's I've had a great time along with some delicious Mexican food. I've tried their fajitas, enchiladas, quesadilla, torta, taquitos, and even the fired ice cream (don't typically get dessert at Mexican restaurants) and all have been very good. For what it's worth, I once went with a friend who doesn't like Mexican and she said Aunt Chilada's had one of the best burgers she's ever had. I can't vouch for that though. I recently tried the El Pollo Fundito and it was awesome. Probably about 2000 calories, but awesome.

This place is huge! Lots of indoor and outdoor seating. The outdoor patio is my favorite on a beautiful spring evening. Great happy hour. A perfect place for group events. Live music on Friday nights. Trivia on Wednesday nights. Bocce Ball outside. Friendly staff each and every visit. Nice view of Piestewa Peak!

I really don't get some of the negative reviews of this place. Each of my dozen or so visits to Aunt Chilada's have been very positive and I will continue to return.
If eating in a filthy daycare center is your idea of a great dining experience, this is a must try place for you!  We stopped in for brunch last Saturday when we were feeling in an adventurous mood and looking to deviate from our tried and true brunch spots.  It was a beautiful day so we asked to be seated outside and as the hostess lead us to our table, it became apparent that there was NOWHERE on the patio and perhaps the entire restaurant that would offer us any solace from the excessive number of running, screaming, sticky fingered children who had apparently consumed too much sugar at the chocolate fountain.

Now, I understand that when sitting outside in the Phoenix area, tables and chairs aren't always spotless due to the dust factor, but one would have expected that our plastic tablecloth would have at least been wiped down sufficiently to remove the layers of food that had accumulated over what I'm guessing was at least the past few months.  After a significant wait, a server (not ours) showed up with some water that was served in glasses designed to hold enough liquid to quench a toddler's thirst (although, given the number of toddlers present, perhaps this was intentional) and some chips, salsa, and hot sauce.  The chips were of both the flour and corn tortilla varieties and were rather heavy on the grease.  The salsa was so mild, the only real flavor that it had was that of the sliced black olives in it, which is not necessarily a quality one seeks in a salsa.  The "hot" sauce was actually just as mild as the salsa and was served in a glass bottle that was so filthy and had so much food stuck to the outside of it that my hands were actually sticky from touching it.  At long last, our waiter finally showed up to take our drink order: a mimosa for me and a bloody mary for my husband.  After another ten minutes, he finally reappeared with the drinks and had I not been quick to cover my white shorts with my napkin, we would have been heading home for me to change since he'd spilled the bloody mary while carrying it and cluelessly reached across me with it to set the drink in front of my husband, causing a stream of spilled tomato juice to run down the plastic tablecloth and onto my legs.

The only redeeming factor that pulled this place up to three stars was actually the food.  I ordered a two item combo with a cheese enchilada and a bean & guacamole tostada and when the food finally arrived, it was clear a one item combo would have been more than enough as both items were huge.  All of the tostada ingredients were fresh and tasty and the cheese enchilada was flavorful too.  My husband had the huevos rancheros which he also thought were quite good.  This place is definitely a good value for the price as it's very inexpensive, but having heard that they actually host wedding receptions here, I would have expected a lot more in terms of the atmosphere and service.  It's a place that we won't hurry back to, but won't cross off the list as I've definitely had far worse food and overall dining experiences at other Mexican restaurants in the Valley.
I went to Aunt Chilada's at the recommendation of a friend who used to bartend there. 

When I arrived, I was immediately asked if I was meeting a party here. Nope, it's just me... I was seated and brought a menu along with flour tortilla chips (yum!) and salsa. 

I started with the cheese crisp. This thing was amazing!! It was a cross between a sauceless pizza and an open faced corn quesadilla. So good. In retrospect, I would've finished that and eaten less of everything else.

From there, I ordered the 2 combo plate: Cheese enchilada (how could I go to a place named Aunt Chilada's and not order one...) and chicken taco. The enchilada was good, and the sour cream I ordered with it had an almost whipped texture. I took one bite of the taco, and decided against it. It was a crunchy corn tortilla, the chicken was breaded and fried (crispy chicken in a taco?). 

If I went back, I'd stick to the cheese crisp and a 1 entree plate.

There is also a banquest room, and a large outdoor seating area with a bar and bocci ball court.
I love this place! The atmosphere is really great, especially the patio when its not too hot outside. The bocce court is a plus as well. I've been here to watch sports events as well as to hang out with friends on the patio; Aunt Chiladas is good for both! They have a wide variety of beers as well as really great margaritas. I've never been disappointed with the food, although the service has been a little slow at times. I'm not sure of the exact schedule, but they also sometimes have a free food buffet outside!
If only more restaurants could be like Aunt Chilada's. I'm happy that I have been able to visit several times and look forward to many more visits in the future!

First of all, this place is oozing with history. Did you know that long before Arizona was even a state, this establishment used to be a brothel? Yes, a brothel! Well now, it's of course the furthest thing from a brothel but you can still feel the history living in the walls and parts of the restaurant feel like stepping into a different decade all together.

Second of all, the environment. If there's a restaurant that screams party, this is it and I'm talking about a party for all ages. Whether you're visiting with family and looking for a lively establishment with plenty of patio seating, fun games and hearty food, or you're out with friends eager to share some laughs over margaritas, live music and trivia night, this restaurant's got your covered. This is the ideal restaurant for large parties, private parties and more. They have two very large patios with two outdoor bars, a huge indoor bar area, a spacious main dining room and a more private dining room in the back (that happens to be the original building that housed the brothel!) 

Third, let's talk about the activities. This restaurant knows how to keep their guests entertained! They have live music, trivia nights, bocce ball tournaments, chocolate fountains on Sundays, and special events including a fiesta bash on Cinco de Mayo...just to name a few. 

Fourth and finally, the food. The food is solid Americanized Mexican food. The Nachos are hefty, the pollo Fundido is cheesy & creamy and the quesadillas are a good greasy (the kind you want when eating a quesadilla). This food is exactly what I would expect and hope for when visiting Aunt Chilada's. It's the perfect type of food for this family-friendly, fiesta inspired establishment. 

PS - did you know that these fine folks also happen to own Rustlers Rooste...that awesome cowboy establishment in Tempe complete with a live bull, slide and two stepping? Yes, these folks know how to have fun!
Every year in the dead heat of summer I retreat to Hilton Squaw Peak and my first stop (after the lazy river of course) is Aunt Chilada's. Oh, the atmosphere, the history of the restaurant, the food and the friendly faces make me feel at home every time I am here. Whether it is sitting outside at the outdoor bar or seeking refuge in the air conditioning it is simply the best part of my trip. All I have to do is follow the painted chili peppers from Hilton ( I actually use them to get home if too much patron was consumed .....just kidding. I call the Hilton to have the golf cart pick us up! Duh! No, really that is available for hotel guests!) The fish tacos are the best I have ever had and I am a snob from California.  The salsa is southwest style and really good. Very good beans and rice and free buffets daily at happy hour. Who can complain! Bands on Fridays are fun too. Overall this is a gem in the desert. Always featured on Fox TV  and was also spotlighted on Drinking Made Easy. If you haven't been then you are missing out! Live. Love. Eat at Aunt Chilada's.
Chips and salsa are great! Great friendly staff! Awesome homemade hot sauce!
Well, got off to a bad start.  We were told that the wait would be 30 minutes, was closer to and hour and fifteen.  We were shuttled from the Arizona Grand so leaving wasn't a good option for us.

Finally we were seated, two of the staff recommend the spiced pork.  I did not think much of it, but everyone I was with seemed to enjoy their meals and the portions were ample.  I wish I would have ordered something else.
I love this place.  We always visit when visiting family in Phoenix. 
Great decor.  Delish food.  Amazing frozen margaritas.  Staff is friendly.  
Fish Tacos are sooo good!
I've had nights where I'd give it a 5 star and nights I wouldn't give it a 1 star, but whenever it's been bad they always do whatever they can to fix it.
This place has a fun atmosphere. It has a live band on Friday night as an example. I ordered the Sea Food Enchiladas which was pretty good. It was stuff with cheese, shrimp and scallops wit sides of bean and rice. I cleaned the whole plate and I don't usually eat beans.  Tip - parking isn't always the best.
My favorite part about this place is the chips they bring out for the chips and salsa. They make their own flour tortilla chips. Yes, flour. The texture is a fun and an interesting change from the typical tortilla chip. They do throw in a few regular chips, I think to fill out the bowl and satisfy those who like normal chips and salsa better.

Their salsa is good but I am not a fan of olives in my salsa. Seems like a odd addition, but easy enough to eat around.

If you go on the weekend they have a free chocolate fountain between 10am-2pm. The first time I saw it I thought it was an odd compliment to a Mexican food meal. But hey, it's chocolate... So do yourself a favor and have dessert first. You want to make sure you have room, right?

They do offer a free "buffet" during happy hour. It used to be better and more offerings years ago but it's still nice to have complimentary food to munch on during happy hour. 

Good food. Standard Mexican fare. Not a huge fan of the enchilada sauce, which I keep forgetting since I typically get a burrito "enchilada style". But I keep coming back for those delicious chips and forget I should get something different from my usual.
Great food!
I'm giving four stars because I love to drink and Aunt Chilada's is one of my favorite places to drink. The food is OK, not good but not bad (I'm from Southern California so my standards for Mexican food are very high and sadly the food here doesn't cut it enough for that fifth star)

But the place is so cool that I would bring anyone here despite the fact that I could have better food elsewhere. Every time I come here in fact, it seems like I discover yet another dinning room that I didn't know existed. You have THREE bars to choose from, my personal favorite being the outdoor bar by the bocce ball court. It has a cool tropical feel that almost makes me feel like I'm at a resort bar (the resort bar where all the drunks hang out)

The servers are always friendly and the crowd that hangs out at that bar are always a good time. It's just a fun place to hang out and people watch. I love to come here and get my drink on.

The bonus for me is that I live pretty close so as long as I don't ever stumble on to 16th street into oncoming traffic, I could probably walk home.
I was curious how Mexican food would be as good in Phoenix as it is in Tucson when I went here for a rehearsal dinner.  We were seated in a separate room in the back for our party but it seemed like a really fun place to hang out.  There was live music, plenty of different areas to sit in, and a lot of people enjoying themselves.  We had a buffet and I was very impressed with the menu options.  One of the dishes was green corn tamales, which I don't regularly see at Mexican restaurants (maybe they take too long to make?) and they were perfectly cooked.  Another surprise was a healthy green salad that really complimented our meal.  Sometimes when I eat Mexican food I don't feel like I am getting enough of a vegetable serving and this went perfectly.  The chips were also a big hit with everyone as they seemed to be fried and were a change from the traditional chip.  I was impressed by the flavorful and chunky salsa as well.
I am giving Aunt Chilada's a four because the service was outstanding and the chips and salsa were good.  Not sure of our server's name (table 35 or 36 last night) she was funny and excellent.   Even sang a little song about the food for us.  The food is average at best.  Nothing noteworthy, just standard food.  The drinks were good and they had live music playing which was nice.  It is a good place to drink but I would think twice about eating there again, unless I wanted an average tasting meal.
The margaritas are wonderful as are the chips and salsa.  The rest of the food was okay, not great.  The service was wonderful.
1. They may be open until 2am, but they don't serve food after 10:00 PM.  It would be nice if this were listed somewhere on Aunt Chilada's website. 

2.  Who puts black olives in their salsa? Maybe this is some sort of Tex-mex thing. But as a native southern Californian in love with Mexican food, I have never experienced such a thing.

3.  The fideo was super soggy.

4. My family went for lunch on a weekday.  There was some sort of work banquet going on in a back room.  There were possibly two or three other families eating in the other main rooms.  Our server seemed to be working hard..every time we saw her.  Unfortunately, there were times that she disappeared for way too long.  

5. Half of the orders placed had something wrong with them.  I ordered black beans and was given refried.  Every family member with a chicken dish complained that the chicken was drier than wood.  My sister ordered a salad with chicken and received one meat-free. We didn't ask for corrections, because considering how long it took for us to get any food, we would have had to wait to dinner to receive the corrected meal items.

6. The wood bench, manikin and old blanket in the entry way sorta smells like musty cat urine.  I think it is long overdue for a cleaning.

7.  I have been to this restaurant many times over the years. I was sad that this last experience was so marginal. Overall, the food was okay--worthy of three stars. The prices and quantities were good.  But the inaccurate orders and the lacking service (which I think comes from being understaffed instead of bad skills) drop this place down to a two.  I will update my review when/if I ever return.  Until then--go only if convenience dictates that this is the best place for you (you are staying at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak resort without a car), and go with the expectation that you will be there for a long time.
Quintessential  and kitschy old-school Arizona. The food, while old-school Mexican, is actually decent and props for offering fideo.  I'm willing to overlook the fact that it can smell like cats or my grandma's place because of the building's pretty interesting history.
Great!
The food is okay, but the margaritas, and chips and salsa are awesome. Besides this, I really love atmosphere. The outdoor bar and bocce ball court create a cool and inviting feeling.
We visited Aunt Chiladas patio because we wanted to bring dogs.  We were welcomed so nicely!  They have a whole area dedicated just to dogs so you are sitting with other dog friendly people that come.  This is such a great place to sit and relax and have lunch.  The food is fantastic.  We are vegetarians and they added Vegan fajitas to their menu.  They were fantastic!
This has one of the best patios in Phoenix. If you're looking for a place to have a margarita, people watch, and enjoy awesome weather, this is the place to be. I love the food.  I personally can do without the flour tortilla chips; I'll usually dig through to get to the corn ones! The salsa rocks and I've always had good service.  A Phoenix must-visit IMHO.
I was really in between a 3 and 4 stars for this place. We came for happy hour which is the bomb. Free chips and salsa, little cheesy tortilla things, and fruit. They had some good drink deals... but I was the lowly DD. Service was slow... and when I say slow I mean like a turtle walking in molasses. It took about 20 minutes just to get a soda. I could have driven to Frys and bought my own. 

The atmosphere is ok, just bar-ish. The food on the normal menu is wayyy over priced for Mexican. I ended up ordering the fancy shmancy hot dog which you can personalize. I asked for guac on mine but didn't get any. It took about 45 minutes to even get my hot dog and I was so hungry I wasn't going to let that thing out of my sight.

 If  you do happen to stumble upon this place ask for the flour tortilla chips-I could live my life happily only eating those things :)
Food was average but I give it 2 stars because the service was terrible. I could not escape the smoke from other peoples cigarettes as we were seated outside...there are better Mexican places to eat in Phoenix. I guess that from reading all of the other reviews most come for the drinks so if that is your poison, maybe this place might work but I would not recommend eating here
This place has gone so downhill. If I hadnt gotten my chips, salsa & water immediately, I wouldve walked out. Margaritas are always awesome. But the service and food is straight up AWFUL. Microwaved enchiladas, no rice, rude, cold, unfriendly, uninviting service...If you're looking for a fabulous, neighborhood mexican restaurant, try Las Glorias Grill. The location isnt as great, but the food, service and drinks, blows this place outta the water. After years of going to aunt chiladas, Im NEVER going back again. They dont deserve your money either....
This is a difficult one, because I use to love Aunt Chilada's.  So here's what happened yesterday.  My family decided after much talk that we wanted mexican food, so I suggested AC, because even though I haven't been there in like 3 years, I us to love the food and service.  When we arrived around 3pm, we notice that there were hardly anyone there, my husband thought that was strange.  We decided to sit inside because the outside looked pretty lonely.  The guy at the door directed us to the right of the restaurant, there were one group of two ladies, that were leaving and us... so we wait, and wait, and wait... then a group of about 4 people sat down, and we still waiting... I notice that we didn't even have water, we looked around and there were two girls sitting to what it looks like the back area, complaining and talking, I know cause they were loud.  Out of know where comes this waiter and completely bypass us and went straight to the table that came after us... My husband looked at me got up and we left... that's when the waiter said hi... it was so bad.  What I also noticed is how dirty this place is, the fixture have pounds of dust, everything is dusty and looks dingy, so my though was, what is going on here, my husband responded, if this place looks this bad, I wonder about kitchen... sad, so sad, WHAT HAPPENED TO AUNT CHILADAS...WE ARE NEVER COMING BACK.  Down the street is Los Reyes de la Torta, is on a little strip mall, but the place is clean, service is impeccable and food was amazing... at least something good came out of all this.
The food was good but not spectacular. The atmosphere and service was great. I love the bocce ball court is great. Fun to play while enjoying a cervesa. I'm very willing to give this place a 2nd chance.
This place is horrible unless all you want to do is drink alcohol.
Nothing but poor service and poorly cooked food. We were not greeted upon entering and had to tell them that we wanted to be seated. We were then brought to a dining room that had ball of the ambience of a school hall with plastic table clothes included. Our server was not even closely familiar with the food or food preparation. When asked how the fideo was prepared, she said, "they cook it".  Thanks captain obvious. My husband asked if there was anything spicy and she said the steak and jalapeo fajitas were. He then asked if anything else was and she said "Well, the steak and jalapeo fajitas are".....she does not belong waiting on people. 
So the food. The food is microwaved!! Soggy, gross enchilada, mushy and dry tamale, lackluster salsa, fideo that had been in a steam pan since yesterday. The highlight was the almost average fajitas. 
No bueno !
We have been to Aunt Chilada's twice in the last month and each visit was extremely enjoyable.  On the last visit, we sat outside close to the bocce ball court, of which we took advantage to play several games while waiting for our meal.  The chips and salsa are awesome (we all actually like black olives in our salsa, so that is a nice addition to perk it up), with the homemade flour chips our favorite.  My margarita on the rocks was nice and tart.  My daughter and I both got the chile relleno plate; the relleno had just enough spicy heat with a light, crisp batter coating.  My husband said his chicken quesadillla was great, and my son, who is not into Mexican food, had a burger that was cooked perfectly medium.  Tres leches cake made a perfect ending to our meal, and there was enough so that all 4 of us had a healthy portion.  This gem of a restaurant is hidden away off the beaten path... I'm glad we found it!
Aunt Chilada's has an awesome patio.  It is arguably one of the best outdoor dining experiences you can get in North Phoenix.  I've enjoyed lunches here with my wife, who works nearby, sitting in a garden setting, with the warm sun shining down on us and also dinners under a starry sky.  It is a beautiful garden setting and perfect for a lazy nooner, or in the evening, a nice night under the stars.  If the weather doesn't suit, you can always move inside to the expansive dining room.  This  dining room is extensive and wraps around the kitchen with patios on all sides.  This place definitely has the ambiance - and the potential to deliver a kick-ass mexican meal.

Unfortunately, after the ambiance, there's not much else to go on.  The menu is extensive and offers all the typical combinations of mexican dishes.  The thing that puzzles me however....actually, there are two things - first off, the presentation is classic mexican, except for fideo.  This makes Aunt Chilada's unique.  I'm not really used to a big pile of overcooked spaghetti on my plate sitting nex to my chimi - almost overwhelming it, as though the chimi is really the sideshow.  When it is piled on so high- I mean you could make a meal of this alone, it's like they are over-compensating for something else.

I'm thinking that something else is the midwest approach to seasoning the dishes.  I ate an entire green-chile chimichanga, enchilada-style with sour cream and guacamole, and could not discern any stand-out flavors.  In fact, if you had blind-folded me and fed me this, I would be at a loss as to guess what it was.  On top of that, or rather to the side, taking up half the platter, was this aforementioned huge pile of fideo, mocking me, as if to say, "hey, gringo, betcha can't tell what I am!"  Well, I do know, and I don't eat it.  In fact, I feel sorry for not enjoying my meal here, the ambiance is so nice, the chips and salsa are decent and they've got Negro Modelo on tap.
Friendly service but food was just ok. Maybe an off night.
This place....Oh My.....
Well if you're a vegetarian...RUN. 
I got stuck at this place due to a corporate event my company hosted there. 
Let me say, how excited I was at the idea of Mexican food at the Christmas party. Then my vegetarian instinct kicked in when I got there....hmm....lets check for lard.
I asked the waitress who was going around...slowly I add but it was a busy night so maybe the service is faster when there isn't a huge event going on. (I'm thinking understaffed?....hoping?) Anyway, I was then informed that they cook their beans with bacon. What? Yes. Bacon. So there went the idea of a burrito, a tostada. Depressing. I ended up eating the very "ehh" chips (deep fried tasting and thicker than the typical chip. I'd venture to guess possibly flour chips?) 
I'm not a big drinker so the allure isn't there for the bar aspect. 
I will honestly never be back and from what the people who actually did eat there said I didn't miss anything.
Terrible experience, don't sit on the patio. We waited at least 25 minutes after being seated for lunch.  Nobody ever came to our table.  Finally somebody showed up and went to 2 other tables who had showed up 5 minutes or more after us.  She didn't have the courtesy of saying "I'll be right there". The place was slow so there was no excuse.  Not sure if the food was any good. We walked out.
The chips and salsa are worth the trip to aunt chilada's alone. I love the flour tortillas that have neem fried instead of the harder corn tortillas you normally see. I also love how they will grill you jalapeos on the side if you request it instead of just regular pickled jalapeos from a jar like most places. Fantastic place for happy hour or dinner or Sunday brunch. Love this place.
Our first visit. A nice place with a charming al fresco patio - a good place to take out-of-town visitors for a Southwestern experience. Since it's on the Dreamy Draw cycling route and very close to the Arizona Canal cycling path, a fine place to stop and lunch if one's on a ride in the area. The flour chips and salsa were delicious, the fish tacos and the pollo fundido were yum, and ice cold Modelo amber is on tap! Service was fast and attentive - my one complaint is that while a bottle of cold water hit the table immediately, water glasses never did appear.  I suspect that milady wife and I will become regular clients. Food - three and a half stars, service four, and ambience a solid five.
The atmosphere is decent, but the food is absolutely terrible.  It is nothing but chewy meat covered in cheap cheese and grease.   The quesadillas are served in a pool of grease and the nachos are some of the worst in Phoenix,  The quality is an insult to the prices charged and an affront to good Mexican food.  Stick with the beer.
Aunt Chilada's does a very good job with all the Mexican restaurant standards as well as some creative dishes.
The bad reviews almost scared me away. I'm glad I went anyway.
Great set up, great location, great flour tortilla chips, but everything else not so great.  I have tried a few different dishes, and they were not very good.  Too bad, it's a cool set up.
Best. Chips. Ever.  It makes me sad when I reach the bottom of the bowl and get the boring tortilla chips.

Fabulous margaritas.  You never feel like they make them properly until you've had 3.

Outdoor dining is awesome.  I really enjoy the outdoor bar.  Comfy and fun.

Shrimp tacos are to DIE for.  Perfect amount of food (seriously...you need more than two?  Chew your food.  Your pants will fit better.), well-seasoned, and presented with great sides (big fan of the rice).

Seating has never been a problem any time I've gone.  The place is HUGE.  It gets a bit loud on live music nights, but that's really to be expected.  You shouldn't eat here if you want a cozy, quiet, dimly lit corner booth with privacy.  It's a family restaurant.  

Big fun to be had!
Really liked the food. The fiancee's sis got some sort of veggie fajitas...I'll DEF get that the next time I go back. Not much else to say, it was a mexican restaurant. They are so numerous in Phoenix, it's hard to be super impressed. I'd definitely go back though. Everything on the menu looked tasty!
"THE BEST" happy hour for Friday nights.

The chicken wings go fast since they are the best in town and TOTALLY FREE every Friday for happy hour. 

If you get there AFTER 5:30 most likely the tacos, and chicken wings will be gone.
Had dinner on a Monday night. They weren't real busy. We had called 4 hours earlier to get a table for 12. They were not set up for us when we arrived. The dining area was about 25% full but they had to take 15 minutes to put a table together, by the fireplace. We had to have them turn the fireplace off as it was too hot.

Drinks ordered and it took another 15 minutes to get any of them to our table.

I tried to order Huevos Rancheros which is not on the dinner menu. Other mexican restaurants will normally make this. Not Aunt Chilada's. The waiter said the chef would chew him out if he took any special order to the kitchen. Again, they were not busy and they have Huevos Rancheros on their weekend breakfast menu.

I've eaten at this restaurant before when visiting Phoenix. This was by far the worst experience of all from the service to the food and just the general attitude about us as customers.
If you love good old chips and salsa to start off your meal, you will be in absolute heaven.  I am not usually a big fan of fried stuff, but they have a crisp fluffy taste like the bottom of a tostada as their main chips selection.  I felt like I can almost eat a basketful!

I ordered chicken fajitas.  I have had better seasoned fajitas, but it came with a lot of good salsa and guac to enhance some lack of flavor.  

The overall ambiance is excellent here because you feel you are in a "casa" than more of a restaurant.
3.5

We went here for dinner with a good friend from out of town.

* I liked the spicy cheese bean dip, it is kind of unique and very tasty.
* I like the variety of chips (corn and flour)
* I like the bottles of water and the tiny glasses.
* I like that they add black olives to their salsa

Hubby and I shared the special alambre tacos, our friend ordered the same.
They were tasty but not great. 3 tacos with small tortillas (double tortilla), rice and beans.
It also comes with sour cream, guacamole, cabbage and pickled carrots.
Guacamole tasted a little fake but I am not so sure about it.

Hubby had iced tea and it was not refilled promptly... overall he spent quite some time with a glass full of ice.

Also, they seemed to be extremely busy for a Thursday, I think they can afford to have toilet seat covers for their lady customers : P

The bathroom is small and there was a lot of traffic, it made me remember my party days (long gone)

We were in the back room, which is not very loud compared to other areas.
I didn't have fideos this time, but I think it is a nice touch that they offer that option.
Somewhere between BAD & BLAH...

describes the bland food our group had here. The setting is very nice & the margaritas are good but that's it. The food was very bland, lukewarm, just disappointing. Usually so-so Mexican food can be made more tolerable with some salsa but even the salsa here doesn't help. 

Also, if there are unruly children using the bocce ball court crashing the balls into the wooden frame like when we were there, it makes the lovely outdoor patio a much less desirable place to be.

Definitely will not go here again.
Great atmosphere for the plus 30 crowd. Indoor and outdoor bar areas. Live music is usually very good.  I've been there about half dozen times or so and every meal was good. Lively and fun, good vibe.
WHY does this place have bad reviews!?!?!? 
This place is awesome. I literally have never had mexican food this good....EVER!
First of all, they have not one, but TWO types of chips for their chips and salsa. The flour torilla chips are the bomb. I could've eaten all that they had. They have black olives in the salsa. Seems weird, but it is delicious! Guac=fabulous. Had margaritas and they were of course great! We both got the pollo fundido per our waiters recommendation. I was mindblown at how good this was! I am still dreaming about it! I cannot wait to return here! We sat on the patio with other visitors and had a ball!
Nice place in the middle of a residential area making it a quaint local spot.
Really enjoyed the Pacifico on tap ($4.25/glass) and the Nachos gustivo pequeno ($9.00 for small).
A bit pricey but still a fun place.
So dissatisfied we went to Denny's afterwards.  Sour cream and lime extra charge for your tacos?  Not going to eat here again.
Overrun with people on Cinco de Mayo. That's not bad. Big gringo party night.

What's bad? Weak cocktails in little 4-oz Dixie cups for $5.50. Starting a tab at one bar and needing to close it out when you go to another of the 4 bars inside because the cash registers don't talk to each other. No food service at any of the bars.

So probably not the best night to review the place, though I've been there several times over the years on non-"holiday" nights, and it never really succeeds in impressing much--in any way, really. . .
So, I finally made it to breakfast club this morning here, and let me tell you, I really enjoyed both. I got to meet a new group of people and eat at a new restaurant, and I was extremely happy with both!

For starters, I got here at 10 am sharp, and realized that this place is closer to my house then I thought. I know they have a couple locations around the valley, but I think they have one in Tempe aside from this location as well.

When I arrived, the place was colorfully decorated and there were people slowly streaming in. I found my group, and we all sat on the patio.  Our server was super attentive, and I realized when she handed me the menu, that they had a weekend breakfast deal with healthy good looking food.  Yes, you can order from the main menu, but they have a great separate menu for their breakfast stuff on Saturday mornings.  

The server informed us of the complimentary chocolate fountain with fruit inside as part of the Saturday morning breakfast thing.  After we placed our orders, I went inside and grabbed some fruit and dipped it all in chocolate.  They had strawberries, cantaloupe, marshmallows and a few other items to choose from.  So tasty!

I reviewed the menu and decided to go with the fruit bowl with granola and a $3 Mimosa.  One of the other girls with me ordered the same thing as well, and the others got some good looking dishes as well.

The fruit bowl came out and it was so good looking!  Holy cow! I really enjoyed the whole thing and overall, the prices and the food were awesome.  Service was great too, and I will gladly be back in the future for more.  Thank you breakfast club, you have made my day...and aunt Chiladas's
I went here for the Breakfast Club on Saturday morning and will have to say that the company was 5 stars, but the food and experience was more like a 3 star. We all sat out on the patio, which was nice. They gave us chips and salsa...the salsa was a little odd (had olives in it) and the hot salsa was not hot, tasted like slightly spiced tomato sauce or something. The chips were really good though, they were fried flour tortilla chips, not the typical corn. They also give you a free trip to the chocolate fountain, which was pretty good. The fruit was fresh and the chocolate was....chocolate...seriously, can't go wrong there. With breakfast, I got a mimosa which was only 3$, so that was pretty good. It was nothing special tasting, but it was cheap and alcohol. For breakfast I got the benedict with chicken. This is where they kind of went wrong. The chicken was dry and did not seem to be cooked fresh, or if it was, it was overcooked. The eggs were messy, the person poaching them let the whites go all over so it wasn't one cohesive egg and the eggs had slid off of the chicken by the time it got to me. The hollandaise was ok, but nothing special...it is supposed to be jalapeno hollandaise and just had maybe a slight spicy taste. The plate came with some dry looking beans that I did not eat and some potatoes that were nothing special. The BF got the pancakes, which were dry and tasted like they came from a package. I wouldn't say 'no' if I were invited back here, but I wouldn't come back here for breakfast on my own. I would like to come here for drinks one night as their patio is nice and they have a bocce ball court (which is awesome!), but I probably would pass on the food.
Was here for the 5th meeting of the Breakfast Club UYE. Such a great group with a few regulars and a rotating band of others. I always enjoy meeting new people and it is good to see the regulars as always.
It being Cinco De Mayo month a Mexican theme was chosen and Aunt Chilada's was the place. I have been to the Tempe location a few times but I think I might prefer this one. The patio area was really great. The weather was perfect to sit outside. Probably the last time it will be. I like the fact that the main restaurant has been there forever. I like historic old buildings.
We sat down and a few others trickled in. Our waitress brought us out the chips and salsa and also informed us to not leave the table unattended because the birds will have no problem stealing your chips. She took our drink orders and once everyone was seated and ready our food orders. I settled on the Chorizo con Huevos with the eggs over easy.
My food was very good. According to the menu the dish contained Jesus's homemade chorizo which was "heavenly", wacka wacka. I have never had this before but the eggs with the meat was very good. It was all stacked on a crispy blue corn tortilla. It came with a side of re-fried beans which had a little bit of a skin on them but once I stirred them up they were fine. The entire meal was delicious.
They do include a chocolate fountain with all breakfasts but I am not that into fruit so just had a few chocolate covered marshmallows.
I will say that the service was a little slow but with all of the great conversations going on it was a little hard to notice. Plus it did take a little while to get our checks and get them paid but the waitress did split them up for us which they don't usually do for a group as big as ours. Overall she did a great job for having two large parties plus other tables to deal with.
I would like to go back again and try the other breakfast items plus maybe some of the dinner selections.
A friend of mine was staying at the Hilton next door and wanted to meet up for drinks and appetizers.  He suggested this place.  The name sounded cool, so I agreed and we met up on the patio.  After browsing the menu and discussing it with our server, we decided to order:

Chips & Salsa (complimentary)
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aunt-chiladas-phoenix?select=cLT5Wnz9Gp7PpSv8f6iwlg#cLT5Wnz9Gp7PpSv8f6iwlg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aunt-chiladas-phoenix?select=dV_M46k5280NMAqvRZt_HQ#dV_M46k5280NMAqvRZt_HQ

Cheese Crisp, $6
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aunt-chiladas-phoenix?select=LtpyLqMZkia9aPWfXvC4hw#LtpyLqMZkia9aPWfXvC4hw

Nachos (Pequeno), $8
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aunt-chiladas-phoenix?select=VXfowISEUAeqLwrwY2rjAw#VXfowISEUAeqLwrwY2rjAw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aunt-chiladas-phoenix?select=DdwA5S7yePK3kdfctervSA#DdwA5S7yePK3kdfctervSA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aunt-chiladas-phoenix?select=hQjsDYxPVzIu-sYbjOiRXw#hQjsDYxPVzIu-sYbjOiRXw

Cheese Enchilada, $8.95
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aunt-chiladas-phoenix?select=T6nvfwi5K01mipaE745_-w#T6nvfwi5K01mipaE745_-w

The Chips & Salsa were average, nothing special.  The Cheese Crisp was pretty good.  The Nachos were very good as well....they heap the toppings on it as you can see in the pictures above.  Of course, I had to try an Enchilada....how could I come to a place named Aunt Chilada's and not have one?!  The Cheese Enchilada I ordered was very good, above average.  Our server was very attentive and made sure our glasses remained full.  

We dined on the patio around happy hour on a Wed evening, so it was full of business people after work.  The vibe was very fun and the weather perfect.

Return Factor - 86%
It was 5th meet up for the The Breakfast Club UYE and this time Aunt Chilada's was picked. We sat out on the patio, thought why not while the weather was still ok.  Aunt Chilada's has a farm fresh breakfast menu you can order from, but they also let you order lunch if that's your thing. Another plus, they accepted reservations for breakfast. That made things so much nicer. We were a party of 10, so any time I can get a reservation in, its helpful.

One of the things I noticed was the salsa had slices olives in it, that's interesting, went well with the chips though!

With our breakfast we also were able to have items from the chocolate fondue fountain, and you be believe I had some chocolate covered strawberries, pineapple, lady fingers, marshmallows, oh and more strawberries, and this was before I even ordered breakfast! haha

I have to say service was a little slow, but there was a couple of big party's at tables, who would have thought on a sat morning, this was the spot, there was even 2 parties  for Monica, that other Monica must have been cool to pick this spot haha.

I ordered the egg burrito, past few breakfast clubs I have been to a breakfast burrito or 2 have been ordered so I have just been craving it! This burrito had scrambled eggs, cheese, potatoes (my top 3 favorite things in a breakfast burrito) and I added chicken to it and asked if they could throw in some jalapenos in it for me!  I wasn't expecting much other than a breakfast burrito, but when it came out I was shocked, it was a huge burrito, and had home styled potatoes, refried beans and the burrito was covered in melted cheese. I was in heaven!  I topped the burrito with salsa and cut into it! Omg it was delish! The jalapenos were fresh and perfect! This was a good breakfast burrito!

If you hadn't thought of Anut Chiladas for breakfast, you should and go give them a try! The Farm Fresh Menu has plenty to choose from. And I have to say I did see the yogurt and fruit dish, and omg it was the best looking one I have seen, fresh layered fruit, just beautiful in color, topped with yogurt and granola, it looked amazing.

Again thank you to everyone who attended The Breakfast Club!! It's always a pleasure sharing a meal with you guys!
Checked out the famous happy hour on a Friday version and also was told this was a decent pick up joint. Neither were as good as the hype. The buffet is free yea, but you better get there early to avoid food poisoning. The chaffing dishes are left open (due to long lines?) and the flies, which are all over the place, can have a field day. It was a cloudy day on Friday, but if its hot and sunny and the flies are around and the food is exposed, it all could be the perfect storm. And what is up with the tiny plates? You got people doing all kinds of balancing acts with one plate of ground beef, another with taco shells and some even trying to balance a third plate with a potato burrito I think and some fruit and broccoli. Give us bigger plates - we are adults. Tried a few tacos and they were OK. Beer prices were good at $3.25 a bottle and they had a band play later.
   This wasn''t  a pick up place either unless you like your women over 60. Lots of retirement parties on this night, but the overall crowd age was over 50. Still, can't beat drinking outdoors in nice weather, so that is a positive for sure.
So I am eating my words from my review in 2010.  The dust bunnies on the ceiling are still there - I looked (minus a star).  We ordered the cheese crisp to start and it was really good.  The tortilla crust wasn't soggy at all and it did not swim in oil.  Both salsas went well with it.  I ordered the fish tacos.  The fish was not rubbery and had plenty of fresh flavor.  The plate also came with a lemon wedge and a lime wedge.  Perfect meal.  Also liked the Spanish rice much better than the fideo.  

The rest of the table ordered the quesadilla sampler and a bean burro.  Both looked pretty good, but I was too busy enjoying my tacos.
Ehhh - pretty much lukewarm feelings for Aunt Chilada's. Have been here 2x since moving in mid-2010 and most recently on Cinco de Mayo 2013.

Sat on patio area and literally waited about 10 min for some menus. Our server took our order and then overlooked (2x) our drink orders. Finally got our drinks after 15 more minutes. 

Honestly felt that the entire dining experience was "locate-and-chase-the-server-down" game. :( Food was decent (only ate chips and bean dip).

Best part of experience? Finally getting the damn check to end the cat-n-mouse game and the cute ducks waddling in from their pond. :)
Okay, if you want some music and dancing, this is a cool place for Friday and Saturday nights.  I think Aunt Chiladas was in one of Will Ferrell's movies.  So it is great for that, the layout of the restaurant is worth seeing, but the food is mediocre (with the exception of the AMAZING flour tortilla chips and salsa).  Go for a few beers and a good sports room.  Eat the chips and salsa and enjoy that.  Like I said, dancing and a good band right in your face is pretty darn cool on the weekends.   TIP: Sunday nights is open mike night.  Bring your stupid and get up there!!  Hahhaha, see you there!
I came here for the fifth meet up for The Breakfast Club UYE . . . and also finally lost my UYE "V-card"; haha! It was nice to finally meet others in the Yelp community. 

This was my first time visiting the location and trying their breakfast. Have visited the Tempe location by the Arizona Grand several times for dinner / drinks.

The service was a little slow, but there were several large parties. No big deal, I was too busy enjoying all these awesome conversations and getting to know others.

Complimentary chocolate fondue fountain - Hello, pineapple and strawberries! 

I ordered the Huevos Rancheros - Nothing special - not horrible, not amazing. 

Shout out to Monica O. for organizing this event; looking forward to attending many more!
I always have a great time at Aunt Chilada's.  My latest and favorite thing to order is the El Pollo Fundito.  It's so cheesy, meaty and saucy!  I've also tried the quesadilla, torta and the fajitas before and all are great choices.  

This place has great decor such as a nice patio and an outdoor bar outside for the perfect spring nights.  It has Bocce Ball, a band on the weekends, and good staff.  The service is usually good, with the exception of one rude waitress we had.  I took my mom here when she visited and we had a blast.  We drank, ate and danced to the band.    

I also threw a surprise birthday party here for my fiance, Paul.  We reserved a part of the back patio and it turned out perfect!  It just so happens there was a very fun band playing that same night.  

I will be back to Aunt Chilada's for some grub and drinks and I recommend you try it too!
Have been there many times over the years and always thought it was decent food and a cool place. Went with my daughter for dinner recently and it was the WORST Mexican food I have had for ages, No chips were serve or offered. My chimichanga tortilla had the consistency of wallboard. My daughter's chile relleno was all coating and no filling, I can't remember now what else she had, but it was equally awful.  Her beans tasted old and sour. The pasta dish they serve instead of rice was bland and really not improved by the stale frozen peas. I also paid $2 for less than a spoonful of guacamole on my chimi.
I had a reasonably ok impression of the place before--cool environment, if a little run down, nice location and outside amenities, fair Arizona/Americanized Mex food. Nothing spectacular. Wow. what a let down. It may have been a bad night, but when EVERYTHING is TERRIBLE, I'm not moved to shrug it off and try again. The beer was fine, but for $40, I would rather go to one of the -Bertos's drive throughs. I'd get MUCH better food and a lot f it.
May you have better luck, but in the area, you are better off with El Bravo or even Ajo Als.   
Based on my last meal, I would give this place NO stars if possible.
This is a fun spot! The house margaritas are good, and the guacamole is delicious! I'm a taco fan, and their beef tacos can be just want my frazzled mind thinks about following a really tough day. I love that the patio is incredibly dog friendly! I bring Edie here often, and they give us a bowl of water for her every time we sit at a table. The servers are very friendly and attentive. The patio is excellent, with a bocce court, outdoor bar, and sweet view of Piestewa Peak! My friends and I frequent this neighborhood joint regularly; the bonus is I can almost justify chewing down on their awesome chips and salsa with the walk there and back!
I hadn't been here since the yelp event last year. The chips and salsa are to die for and it it took everything in me not to eat all of the, since I call myself being "good". I did order the shrimp tacos (sans the tortilla) which were delicious and the service was great. I will definitely come back again to see how things are during happy hour and heck just for the chips and salsa.
Pathetic translation for a restaurant.  People heed to the Yelp stars! Waited 35 min for food, we walked out. The service was so so bad.  The salsa was horrible, tasted like a can of El Pato chile.  The waiter was perspiring and kept wiping his face with hands & touching everything! Disgusting! Hostess were high school rejects lacking customer service.  The restaurant is dark the ceilings are filthy.  We never got  passed the chips & salsa.  Thank God we walked out when we did! Will never return.  I give it 1 star for diet Pepsi. There is an abundance of excellent restaurants in area.
Flour Chips are the BEST!
Sierra was my bartender, and later, Jessica, both gracious, and attentive.

Had the Gustido pequeo nachos, and a few Pacific Clara draughts.

Enjoyed a NASCAR race, and some good conversation.

Love this establishment, and will be back again, and again.
Two words: chocolate fountain. Two more words: TORTILLA CHIPS. Let me elaborate. FLOUR tortilla chips. They're incredible. Like, can't stop eating them incredible. They're like little triangles of heaven melting on your tongue. Salsa, guac, hot sauce, it's doesn't matter! I eat them plain! By the handful! I actually dipped the tortilla chips IN the chocolate fountain.

But I'm getting ahead of myself. The decor at Aunt Chilada's is rainbow cactus chic. Not a dull table or view from anywhere in the restaurant. The service is top notch. You can tell a lot of people have been working here a while which makes me believe they treat the staff well. The plates of food are large, complete with refried beans, pico de gallo, lettuce and cheese. All of which you can scoop up with the TORTILLA CHIPS FROM GOD.

But really, the food here is incredible. The chocolate fountain is on Sundays for brunch. And the tortilla chips are all the damn time. It seems a bit off the beaten path, but well worth the drive. It is a must-go every time I'm in the area. Go forth and salivate.
This place has changed a lot!

The addition of the outside, tiki-esque bar and boche ball give this place a much more relaxed feel.

I came here for my very last Breakfast Club UYE. We came specifically because the chocolate fountain is included w/ brunch. Quite honestly, I couldve done w/out it. A bit too sweet, but the fruit was good.

Our large group was seated on the patio, thankfully, while the patio weather was still bareable. Our waitress was a bit slow, which was puzzling considering we were one of 3 tables in the entire place. She did a good job keeping all of our checks straight though.

They have a good number of selections on their brunch menu. I chose the Mexican eggs benedict over the traditional. This one comes w/ chicken instead of Canadian bacon. It was really good, though Id go for the traditional next time due to the dryness of the chicken. The hollendaise was seasoned nicely though, and the eggs poached perfectly.

Id definitely recommend this for a brunch spot, especially if you have a major sweet tooth.
Stayed across the street and went for a quick dinner. I was with a large group and I tried to change their minds about going here based on the Yelp reviews. Service was very fast and the food was solid. When my travel takes me back to AZ (Next summer) I will most likely stop by again ...
Five words: Back Patio, Happy Hour, Friday

First: Back Patio. There are two patios at Aunt Chilada's. One is in the front when you walk in, with a bocce ball court and an outdoor bar. The other is through the restaurant in the back. I recommend this back patio. It's very large - on warmer days they have the misters flowing freely, and the cool strung lights at night. The trees around it make it feel somewhat secluded, and as the temperatures go down, this is the perfect spot to have a margarita or beer.

That being said: Happy Hour and Friday should really go together. During the week, Aunt Chilada's has happy hour snacks for free. Usually enchiladas, chips and salsa, etc. But on Fridays, they step it up 5 notches. The happy hour food goes on the back patio, where you can get chips, usually taco meat, beans, enchiladas, veggie tray, fruit, salsa, etc. for free. They continuously refill the free food while it is happy hour, so don't fret if the enchilada tray is empty. 

One of my favorite patios in Phoenix.
Very good food with nice outdoor bar. Inside bar and table area is large and nice as well. Chips served are not your standard chip you would expect.
This place gets 3 stars and mainly for the atmosphere and homemade chips. I give them 5 stars for the atmosphere, but other than the chips the food just isn't that great. This place has the potential to be amazing, but it falls a little short.  If you want a fun experience, good drinks, and a cute atmosphere but can leave your food expectations behind then this is the place for you. I will be back, but just to sip cocktails on their patio.
We hadn't been here for several years and got a coupon so decided to try again for dinner .  First impression - DARK!   Seriously, so dark we can't read the menu (servers had to provide flashlights) and then could barely see our food.  Food was OK, but a bit pricey for what we got and service was a bit slow and sporadic.  We got a sopapilla for desert and it was strangely salty and sweet.  Overall, "Meh" was our reaction.  Probably won't be back.
Husband & I went for dinner one Sat nite followed by breakfast the next morning while staying at the Hilton down the street. The spinach & chicken enchiladas were to die for, but the other three meals were mediocre. Service was unimpressive due to MIA and apathetic servers both times. Three stars for cute southwestern patio & enchiladas.
Lets just say it kind of sucked. Stayed at the Pointe across the street and heard good things.  The beer was the best part.. which was bottled.. not here. I do not even remember what I had it was so good. Puffy chips? Who the hell wants wierd puffy chips!? Go somewhere else. On The Border is almost better Mexican food... and that place is terrible!
We had a bachelorette party at the Pointe Squaw Peak and came to Aunt Chilada's for dinner. Their website says you have to arrive by 4:30 in order to reserve patio seating, but upon calling we discovered they don't adhere to that policy. Too late; we had to sit inside. The server was so rude that we asked for another. Food took an hour to get. They got at least two orders wrong - three times! They refused to split the tab. We discovered why service was taking so long when a member of our party went searching for the restroom and discovered the entire staff huddled in the hallway talking about our horrible table. I never saw the patio, just the nearly empty room they sat us in to wait for food. The food was typical Mexican food. I can't remember worse service at a restaurant.
Loved this place! Flour tortilla chips to die for. Had shrimp tacos cooked to perfection.  My husband had sour cream enchiladas. Every thing was perfect!
I love Aunt Chilada's!! Ive been going here for years with my family! the chingalingas are my FAVORITE meal!
Great atmosphere and outdoor area.    Bocci ball court is awesome. If you don't know how to play somebody will help you. When we were there one of the refs was giving us lessons. I was able to find to my skills and become a world champion bocci ball player in just one hour and five margaritas. It was simply amazing.  If only the sport was in the Olympics.  However this does not offset the fact that (in my opinion) the food is not great. Even the chips are bad. How can you have a Mexican restaurant with bad chips?
Can't believe I haven't reviewed before, I've been here over 50 times. 

Nightlife was hotter at Auntie C's back in 2011 when I first moved into the neighborhood. It's still great for brunch, though. Especially on a warm day when you can sit on the huge patio. It's also nice when you can find room by one of the fireplaces for a drink on a cold night.

The staff is still friendly and the food is decent. Live bands most weekends. Go see the CPP play some night if you want to dance and sing along. Gail can sing the hell out of anything.

Do not fear the black olives in the taco meat at the free happy hour spread on Fridays.
Had breakfast here this morning.

Two words; CHOCOLATE! FOUNTAIN!

Had the breakfast quesadilla, with chorizo. It was amazing!

And I don't know what brand of coffee they're serving, but it was really delicious.

I've never had a bad experience with this establishment, and would gladly visit daily.
Eh. The food isn't so great here. I like the combo of corn and flour tortilla chips, but that's about it. It's a fun place, but I wouldn't ever choose to go here.
Enjoy it here and regularly get good service. Have enjoyed a large variety of menu items over the years. Great meal for after a long day at the pool.
This place was really good. I absolutely LOVED their flour tortilla chips. I'm pretty picky when it comes to Mexican food, as I was raised on homemade Mexican food, but I thought this place was pretty decent. They have great customer service. The ambiance was great. Oh, and I can't forget, the margaritas were amazing!! I would love to come back to this place again, when I'm in AZ.
Very good Mexican food in Phoenix, the salsa has black olives in it!
The margaritas are very good
Nice ambiance and a friendly wait staff
I had a business lunch here recently and we had a wonderful time. The portions here are pretty big so we were both fine with ordering one item each a la carte. She had a tostada; I had a bean burrito. It was just the right amount. And their chips are delicious. It was quiet enough that we could have a conversation at normal volume and the staff was friendly and attentive without being over bearing.
Consistently good food great service and a fun crowd. Great bartenders and friendly owners. Get some!!
We went to the restraunt day before and we closed to a private party. Came here after the nascar race and the decoration we cool very welcoming and the food was amazing.
Don't count on the bartenders acknowledging you unless you are sitting at the bar. I watched two seats at their bar remain dirty and empty for 20 minutes.  Like they are too good to clean it. They weren't even that busy.
We have been here a few times and it's great food and lots of it! The atmosphere is funky and fun. Some of these reviews are negative regarding the food. I can't imagine what they had that they didn't like but I haven't had everything on the menu! Everything me and my friends have had has always been perfect.
The worst service they attended the Anglo first I was there with the family and the customers that were eating were starring at us and talking shit behind our backs so uncomfortable never going to this place again first and last
Not the most Mexican-y of Mexican places I've been to, but passable as Mexican food. I have been here several times and never been blown away. Its been here for as long as I can remember, and is a stable as long as I can remember. Tonight we went for their happy hour and I was surprised to see that they offer a free buffet! Chips, salsa, mini enchiladas, taco meat and beans. Not bad! People were still ordering full meals though, but I was all about the freebies :)
Good service and God awful food!!! One star b/c of great service brought it up... And could not go lower. 

OMG the food was horrible and lacked taste at best.  The guac was worse than what comes from a bag!! 

We had a table of 8, service was great! Food weak bland, lacked interest or taste. The only dish that appeared worth ordering was the street tacos. 

The jalapeo steak fajitas were tough as leather and well tastes the same. 

How does a place like this survive in Phoenix?  Oh must be east coast tourist, well thank goodness for them. 

That is all.
I understand that this place is an old classic, but it seems more old than classic at this point.  It just feels dirty inside, the food is medium quality at very best and the service struggles.  They try hard, but it looks like the staff is on their own.  Probably my last visit unless there is a serious change.
Disappointed in the food. The items we ordered were flavorless. Our orders were brought out wrong. Our server was seriously super slow. On the flip side the place is rather nice with a huge outdoor patio. Unfortunately, I do not foresee myself returning here.
Setting, food, prices, service... All of it top notch!!!  I simply love this place!!!
Invited by friends to go here for dinner on a Sat night and read all the Yelp reviews beforehand to try to get an idea of what food to order (most of the reviews don't really talk about any good/bad particular dishes).  The place looks old and outdated, especially for a hotel type restaurant.  We were seated out on a back side patio which was fine until BIG winged bugs arrived after we ate.  Anyway, the frozen margaritas were good and I ordered the Street Tacos, which were okay but the beef in them could not have been cooked anymore as it was tough and not very tasty.  Chips and salsa are pretty good.  Our group of 7 all ordered different things and no one had had rave reviews or bad comments about their dishes. We ordered flan, fried ice cream and sopapias (sp?) for dessert, which were all polished off.  I live in the Valley and given the multitudes of very good to great Mexican places we have, I don't need to return to Aunt's.
HUGE ROACH CRAWLING UP THE WALL! They didn't even kill it because it got away  a table next to is said casually, "oh there's another one?"So gross food wasn't good enough to deal with that
The food here was very good. Something that myself and our entire group enjoyed were the complementary flour chips and salsa. We all agreed that it was some of the best we've ever had. The service was okay but we didn't see her very much and we felt pretty rushed to order. Overall we enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.
I was here a good 10 years ago.  Service and food was great back then.  My how things go bad so quickly!  First thing that set me off was nothing has changed in 10 years and it looks like a few things need repaired.  The wait was about a half hour.  My son almost fell after sitting in a broken chair.  Finally we were seated.  The homemade chips were good but the bottom ones were store bought.  The old put the store bought chips on the bottom trick.  I should have walked then but everyone was tired of waiting and hungry.  My son is a picky eater to say least.  I ordered a cheese quesadilla for my kid.  I specifically told the waitress, NO ONIONS, NO TOMATOES, and NOTHING BUT CHEESE.  I even told her if he finds one it will cause an incident.  She seemed to understand. The food I ordered was OK.  I had to use my salsa to make it a little hotter.  I can eat fire so this is no surprise.  My son's cheese quesadilla had tomatoes in it.  At first I told him it was just one and I picked it off.  Then he kept finding them in every slice.  I called the waitress over and explained.   She apologized and took the plate back.  A few min. went by and the waitress had the NERVE to come out and ask if it was just one.  I had already told her it had tomatoes all over in it.  At this time I felt humiliated by her actions and told her just bring a cheese crisp and I'll pay the difference.  It took a while for that to get to our table but all was OK.  While we ate a waiter dropped a napkin bringing food to another table.  When he came back I thought he'd pick it up after almost tripping on it himself.  Nope, he left it there so someone else could trip on it.  He came back a few minutes later so I flagged him down and let him know about the napkin.  Instead of saying "oh I'll pick it up right away."  The African American waiter boomed in a very loud voice how sorry he was and it would never happen again.  He was loud enough for everyone to hear in the room.  Again, I felt humiliated.  I guess not wanting the restaurant to get sued because some waiter won't pick up a napkin was asking too much.  The waitress did comp my sons food.  I will never go back.  At one time that area had some very nice places.  The area had CLASS.  That's not the case anymore.  5/10/14
Attitude from the hostess
Olives in the salsa
Drinks not refilled!
Food took 30 minutes to come out on a slow night.
Server neglected us the entire time
We asked for the manager.. after waiting 10 minutes we decided to just pay and leave
Another 10 minutes for our check to come back. Still, manager never showed up

I'll never go back again.
I lived in Phx for my 1st 18yrs and I had never been here!! 
I brought my family with me and my aunt and grandma and my grandma had never been here and she usually knows about all these places. 
Very cool place. 
I got the El Pollo Fundido and the prickly pear margarita. 
the margarita didn't have much flavor difference then a regular one so I would try a different drink next time.
The fundido was great and I couldn't get enough of the sauce. The flour chips are really different and good also. 
Will be back!
A Mexican restaurant & cantina that stands out in the southwest; unrivaled chips and salsa, quaint setting, striking and gracious staff.  Craving curbing classics like fajitas, enchiladas, tacos and tamales could easily have one overlook enchanting favorites such as shrimp stuffed pineapple or comforting chingalingas.  Inimitable ambiance has supported everything from weddings, charity events, and blow out Cinco de Mayo celebrations, to intimate date night getaways, happy hours, or Sunday brunches with visiting loved ones.  Monday night football, casual business gathering, or weekend day drinking; Aunt Chiladas is the neighborhood drop in for regulars and the stuff out of towners reminisce of once departed.
I was a bit hesitant to return. My last visit left me feeling a bit cold.
(A new-ish girl working the outside bar was giving a LOT of her attention to a particular patron, and drinks, food, etc. was slow coming)

Marvin was our server tonight. He's got LOTS of energy.

Had a carnitas chimichanga. Delicious, as always!

Love the flour chips, and the hot salsa.

I will be back.
Good food. Relaxed atmosphere. Good drinks. Not much more required. The tables wobble a bit from the uneven tile floor. So there's that.....

Chips and salsa
My friend Katy and I walked into Aunt Chilada's restaurant At Squaw Peak on 6/28/2014 to have a awesome dinner. The place had a few parties going on, but as usual it seemed under staffed. So my friend and I sat down and we were given chips and salsa and a bottle of water. About 5-10 minutes later a family came in with small children and after about 5 more minutes or so all of sudden a waiter comes out and looked me right in the eye and went to the other table and took their order. Turned around and went back in to the kitchen. Of course this pissed me off. We got up and hostess saw me I explained what happen she said it was her fault. That did not make it OK. The waiter should have said something to us and didn't. So we left Aunt Chilada's in discuss and went down the road to Ajo Al's for a awesome meal and great service..
Disappointed. Food was awful, not good at all. Tried it once and probably will not come back again. I will go else where for real quality food. Service was blah. Overall, not a good experience. No thank you!
I've been here a few times. Very cute atmosphere. I definitely recommend it. I came with a very big group today, everyone around me loved their food. I had to send the soup back because if was luke-warm. However, they were very quick to make up for the mishap, and the service was excellent. My friends were all thrilled with their meals. The tortillas before the meal are excellent as well.
Hidden off the 51 & Glendale. Big place & big patio. Meh food. Chips & salsa ok. Skip the queso. Vegetarians BEWARE everything is made w/ meat. Beans AND noodle stuff. Ugh. Safe w/ grilled veggies. :(
It was somewhat clean and somewhat spacious, but this place was undergoing renovation when we showed up, and it was apparent why.

Is it the Hotel Casa Grande or the Holiday Inn? They don't know. It's going from one to the other or vice versa, with duct tape over some Holiday Inn markers, and others being erected.

Reasonable rates, though. They also have a pool and hot tub.
Decent for a Holiday Inn. Apparently they remodeled in 2007 and the grounds were very nice, the rooms extremely clean, the staff friendly and more than helpful. Only stayed 1 night here, but the rates are reasonable and the location is good.

They offer complimentary wireless internet which worked great. The speed was fine and connecting was very easy.
Let me start this review off by stating that I only review places I either really love and feel deserve positive praises or places that completely suck and I would not refer my enemies to. With that idea in mind this review is going to be a rant, not a rave- so be forewarned. 

If you want the skinny without reading the whole review through here it is: Nice accommodation, less than accommodating hotel staff, decent rooms but with horrible sleeping conditions and bad, bad customer service. All in all I will never, ever, ever be getting back together with this Holiday Inn. If you want the details, press on!

So, I visited this Holiday Inn a few weeks ago for a convention that was being held in Casa Grande (3 day/2 night stay). I didn't choose this hotel, the organization I was with set it up; I've stayed at Holiday Inn's around the country and never had a bad experience before so I was not expecting the train wreck I got (foreshadowing). 

At check in everything was great. The lobby was spotless (they were remodeling the floors out front), the outdoor pool area was well stocked and the room appeared clean (I was even impressed that their toiletries were supplied by Bath & Body Works). The issues didn't really arise until that night. When I got settled in for the night and went to lay down I closed my eyes and was unpleasantly woken from a drowsy slumber by a roaring passing train in the night. What no one had mentioned is that there is a train track about 1000ft from the hotel and that trains frequently pass through the night (and by frequently I mean like once every hour or two). The hotel supplies you with ear plugs, for this reason I'm guessing, but a piece of foam in your ears isn't going to stop the polar express from running in the night. I talked to the hotel about it and they were willing to move me to a different room, but lets be honest- an extra 500ft of space away isn't going to make a difference.

The next morning I left to go about my day and when I got  back there was a pre-typed note left on the unmade bed stating that there were too many personal items left on the bed to make it. I look up from my note and see a pair of pants, my daughter's Barbie doll and a hairbrush on the bed. Freaking seriously? I get that touching someone else's DNA is scary but I'd hardly call 3 items a massive inconvenience to move. Puhlease! I've heard better excuses than that from my 6 year old trying to weasel out of making the bed! That was completely obnoxious. 

The real coup de grce was on check out. I received an itemized bill and there's this $17 charge for an in-room movie I'd ordered the morning before. Umm, wait, what? I had been out the whole morning! Plus, why would I spend $17 to rent 'Here Comes the Boom' when I could get it at the Redbox for $2? Maybe the cleaning staff ordered the movie? They sure didn't do much else while they were in the room. I definitely disputed this, let the front desk know that I wasn't even IN the room to order the movie and I actually got argument from the staff about it! They said they'd drop the charge but that it goes through a third party service. By then I was tired and frustrated and I just wanted to get the f out of dodge. Well, I didn't get charged for it then but a few days later I ended up getting billed for it anyway- I called their corporate office and it's still being disputed.

So my experience? Not so good. I seriously wanted to lay the boom down on these guys! Next time I will definitely be more aware of my surroundings before I decide on a hotel and I will likely be staying at least 1000ft away from Holiday Inn's period.
great place to stay, we had our wedding here, met our expections perfect. the catering was great, hector and his crew were great.nice staff and ideal place to hold a event or function.
I've stayed here a few times. Rooms here are hit or miss. A few have leaky/noisey plumbing, the internet speed varies greatly from room to room, and if you use a microwave they need to be unplugged to keep them from beeping all night. I never even noticed the train, to be honest, so I can't confirm it's apparent overbearing noise. 

I personally don't like their breakfast buffet. The food is good, but I prefer a breakfast that I can get quickly and just go to work. Their buffet is more like a sit down restaurant.

I've stayed in almost every hotel in Casa Grande and I have to say that there are better options than the Holiday Inn for cheaper. If you like the brand and can afford it, go to the Holiday Inn Express instead.

Pros: Friendly staff, clean rooms, nice grounds.

Cons: slow internet, faulty appliances.
Liked the place a lot. Nice room ( suite ), 140 bucks, clean, everything worked, Internet a bit slow, but that's to be expected. Heated pool, great landscaping, friendly staff. Stayed two days over Thanksgiving. First floor room with patio. Had thanksgiving buffet in their ballroom. Less than 65 bucks for three of us. Turkey, ham, carving station roast beef, everything you could want. Very good.

Would have given 5 stars except that status is reserved, by me, for the truly extraordinary, which this place does not quite rise to.

Swam in the pool...great.

Enjoyed the stay.
The hotel was clean, the staff was friendly. The complimentary breakfast was a nice surprise with an array of choices; scrambled eggs, bacon, muffins, fresh fruit, danish's, pancakes and French toast, yogurt, homemade oatmeal, and cereal. I was very pleased with breakfast. I am satisfied with booking this hotel and my stay. The rooms were a bit musty though and you can here the trains going by every now and again.I did feel safe and they have security that walks the grounds at night. I would stay there again if driving through. Remember,  there's not a whole lot of choices in that area to choose from. I feel I made the best choice possible for that area and price reasonability.
I've stayed here at least 5 times for business. The hotel is decent but make sure you ask for a room away from the railroad. Otherwise you'll be up all night with freight trains honking horns. Also the restaurant isn't good.
The staff gets a 5 out of 5 stars!  Rooms pleasant & clean.  Appreciated the fridge & micro in room. Pool area beautiful & temp comfortable for 70 deg weather.

Didn't like: Pool "mostly" shaded by buildings, gym onsite sucked as most machines busted, housekeepers way too loud 1st thing in morning in halls, Wifi poor, no gift shop to purchase toiletries, coffee was gross.  

They did offer free passes to LA Fitness, but it was a few miles away (inconvenient).

If wanting just a clean room it's ok.  We stayed 4 days during vacation so it was disappointing.   Won't return.
Probably worst place I have ever stayed in.  Our bathroom light was out the entire time we had our room.  The front desk staff was rude and snappy. Overheard them speaking badly of other guests. The waitress at breakfast had her new born and husband in the booth next to us.  She ignored us, while she was cradling her baby in her arms.  We never got refills. The other few times, the waitress never came up to our table.  I wondered if anyone actually worked there.  We had flown in from Chicago.  That area seemed like a ghost town.  On Sundays ALL the shops are closed!  While trying to use the pool, it took housekeeping an hour to bring over pool towels.  The three times we went to pool.  The bar was always empty and when we did visit it, the bartender was an hour late.  If it hadn't been because of a wedding party, I probably would have looked elsewhere.  There are NO attractions close by, especially on foot.  If you are from Midwest buy bottled water!  

If you are just looking for an extremely soft bed where you would sink in.  Feel free to stay here.
Checked in while on a business trip and checked out the next day to move to another hotel. Top three complaints, 1) room smelt like mold. 2) the dryer doesn't dry clothes. 3)  sprinklers spray into the parking lot and leaves water spots all over my car. The list if issues here are long and it's not worth it. Just pay the few extra $$ and stay at the holiday inn express down the road.
Grade: A-

Excellent food. Good service. Hotel Restaurant. Go figure.
I rarely go to restaurants located in hotels but because it was late and I was tired I tried this one in the Hilton Hotel. Very good food! It's on the expensive side but the grilled salmon on a plank, cauliflower, served with fresh bread and Wisconsin butter was very, very good. I had a cheese plate, all from Wisconsin, was excellent too. Recommended if you're looking for a steak/seafood kind of place. It's very close to the state capital too. Hmmm.
nice, but kinda pricy for that quality... well since it's at Hilton, should see that coming. btw, the cheese there is really tasty, I bought some extra to enjoy back home.
I arrived late at the Hilton on a business trip to Madison on 8DEC08 and due to the snowstorm, decided not to venture out to eat. So I went to the hotel restaurant 'The Capitol Chophouse' for dinner. 

Due to the near empty state of the restaurant, only a large (~20) party in the back room and one other family of 4 a table away, I was seated immediately. The decor is neither unique nor offensive, jumping on the current generic steakhouse decor with the bar having the alcohol bottles on under-lit glass shelves behind it and the main dining part of the restaurant dimly lit with dark wood wainscoting and blood orange red walls. Flowers and vases stuck to that deep red and orange theme as well. 

I ordered nearly immediately. A petite (8 oz.) Filet Mignon ($34) ordered med-rare and a side of sauteed mushrooms and waited... and waited... and waited. It took 45 minutes for my order to arrive, by which point my waitress had already apologized three times for the delay, even though it was not her fault. 

When my steak arrived and I cut into it I was immediately dismayed to discover that it was not 'med-rare', but was instead 'well done'. Maybe the overcooking is why it took 45 minutes?!? No trace of anything even remotely pink in the middle. I immediately pointed it out to my waitress and she agreed and apologized once again. What was once a pretty good piece of meat was now essentially a dog chew toy. She asked me if I wanted another, but at that point I was too hungry to wait any longer. 

About halfway through my gnawing on the overdone steak the manager arrived and apologized, unfortunately he didn't offer to do much about it (reduce the price, comp me a cocktail or dessert, etc.). He only commented on how they had changed the mushrooms to a bourbon saute and asked my opinion. I agreed that they were pretty good as I had been smothering the steak with them in order to choke it down. 

I consider myself a BBQ expert and I know how only 30-seconds to a minute on inattention can completely alter the cook level and texture of seafood or meat. While I can't fault the service, if you are a steakhouse and you can't get the cook level on your steaks done correctly (and in a timely fashion) you need to fire someone in the kitchen and find someone who can...especially when you are charging $30-40 per steak and the place is nearly empty.

Considering the price (over $50 w/tip and w/out wine), if I make it back to Madison I'm taking my future business to Tornado Steak House.
Decided to go here for Restaurant Week and was not disappointed.  Was slightly confused about where you are supposed to enter since we weren't staying in the hotel, but once we found the hostess stand we were seated right away.

This place was packed but it didn't feel like it because the ambiance and lighting were so well done.  I loved the pictures and the decor.  The waitress was very friendly and knew what she was doing.

We ordered two bottles of wine and immediately got warm bread and homemade butters which were fantastic.  I ordered the steak and potatoes with the fresh seafood appetizer.  The appetizer was perfect and great and the entree was even better.  My steak was cooked to a perfect Medium Rare and I ate it all.

The prices were extremely reasonable given the portions and service and I would certainly go back again!
Came here for Restaurant week because I can't afford their regular menu normally.  

I had the NY strip and the boyfriend had their salmon.  Both of these are also on their regular menu, I believe.  The atmosphere here is intimate and cozy.  Even though we were seated not 4 steps from a larger table of 6 people, we were never bothered by their conversations.  For whatever reason, I kept getting lost in this place as I couldn't figure out which was was in and which way was out.  

The bread is fresh and I enjoyed it, especially with their accompaniment of sun dried tomato butter, sweet cream, and honey cream cheese.  My favorite was the honey cream cheese.  

My NY strip was tender, but the baked potato it came with was pretty average.  The salmon wasn't especially impressive either.  I had an appetizer of mini shellfish sampler which came with an oyster, half a crab leg, and a jumbo shrimp, which was pretty good but I wasn't wowed.  Everything was fresh, but there was nothing special about the preparation.  Although, I find this to be pretty much the case in general with steakhouses.  Tender beef, but not much else that's noteworthy.
I gave an overall 3 stars because I took into considerationt these 3 factors: taste, price and service

TASTE: Everything we ordered here was delisioso! My husband and I had the wagyu beef carpaccio infused with olive oil, with capers, permesan and wonton skin for appetizer; and we agreed to give 5/5 for taste. The meat melted in your mouth, and everything combined together was so good. We told the waiter that we wanted to share everything, and we order the wedge (salad), prime ribeye bone in, and lobster tail. They were nice enough to split the salad to two plates (and big portion, i must say) but the taste was so-so (3/5). 
The ribeye and the lobstertail was superb (4.5/5). The meat was juicy tender and tasty. We also added crab oscar sauce on the side (for extra price), and greeen peppercorn sauce (free). The lobster was.. well.. fresh (I am not a big fan of melted butter for your seafood but I got no complain).
oh and gave you three different kinds of butter, all of those were soo yummy.

PRICE and SERVICE: Everything was expensive, and they didn't have anything complimentary for your main entrees. You have to order sides (fries, asparagus) etc., or even the sauce for your steak. I don't mind the price as much (considering the restaurant was part of HIlton Hotel, if I am not wron) but the service did not qualify for  a 4-star hotel at all. The waitress we had was slow, and she was not busy serving other customer. She spent much time talking with the bartender around the bar area. She was not aware that our surf and turf was missing the turf (lobster tail), until the manager pointed out that to her. She was not aware if we had our salad yet, and she was busy talking and drinking soda at the bar.  Thus, the price combined with the service was 2.5/5.

Combining the price service and taste, we decided to give it 3/5 stars. Had it been a middle-price restaurant, I would have given it 4/5 stars.
I was staying in the hotel and tried the restaurant based on the scores. The food was good but not great. The wait staff is courteous and attentive and the wine list is good.  I had a halibut dinner special that was not on the menu.  As I said good but not great. Will be looking for other places while in town.
We went for restaurant week. The food was good, the service excellent, the atmosphere nice. My husband's steak was not the best steak ever, so perhaps at full prices we would have been a bit disappointed, but the rest of the meal was quite good. 

We brought our baby and felt comfortable. There was a range of people dressed casually to very dressed up, and the restaurant had a pleasant buzz but was not loud.
Excellent food, wine and service!
Nice menu with a variety of different cuts of meat. My boyfriend and I both ordered the new york strip. I ordered truffle butter and Bearnaise sauce with mine, and my boyfriend ordered a blue cheese crust for his. The steaks were cooked well, and tasted great. The truffle butter was great, but we were both a little disappointed with the Bearnaise sauce. We also ordered soup (french onion- made with a brown ale for me and clam chowder for him). Both were very good. We shared roasted garlic mashed potatoes as well. The meal was very good, but I agree with other yelpers that it was a bit pricey.
The food was good, but I've had better and the prices were higher than the better that I've had.  This was table wine in a champagne flute.  I won't be back.
I was staying at the attached Hilton hotel and against all my rules, decided to eat in the hotel (10f and just stopped snowing)
I had the 16oz Prime Rib with mashed potato and asparagus.  The meal was very tasty, the service was OK, but the prices in this place are a killer.
$30 for the Prime Rib was pushing it, but to then have to also purchase the sides made this a $50 dinner and into the good, but not that good category.
Went here for restaurant week last year and definitely will not return.  Our waiter was snobby and seemed like he didn't want to wait on us but only did so because he had to. We got the prime rib sandwich and it just did not live up to our expectations in any way. The meat was better on its own and was tough and hard to eat. I won't be recommending this place as I feel it is overpriced and overrated for the quality of food and service.
was staying at the hilton and didn't want to order room service, the weather was bad outside so decided to treat myself to a nice dinner. my server was very nice and provided wonderful service.  she told me about the half orders of the sides and mentioned how generous the a la carte portions were. 

i had the chopped salad (half order) and the prime rib and mashed potatoes (half order) and i really enjoyed every bite. couldn't finish the prime rib and potatoes so i consumed when i returned home.
After a couple of drinks at the Olive Lounge, I walked across the hallway to Capitol Chophouse. We got nice seats by the windows, it was weird seeing the people who live next to the hotel trying to do a BBQ out in the cold.
Started off with red wine and white wine. Love the huge wine glasses, but it makes it hard to keep track of how many glasses you are drinking. Started off with nice warm rolls with 3 types of  butter: your normal yellow butter, sundried tomato butter (amazing!) and jalapeno cream cheese. The sundried tomato butter tasted so good, must be because of all the fat oh well. I had a Caesar salad for an appetizer and oh my gosh, it was huge. They were very generous with the cheese too and it was delicious. For my main course, I had the special of the day which was halibut with a thin crust of hashbrown on top in white wine cream sauce. The fish was very soft and the cream sauce was oh.. so creamy. The sides are huge and meant for sharing. We got the mushroom which came with pasta. The mushrooms had some truffle oil and smelled amazing.
I wish I could have desert but I was too full.
I forgot to mention about parking. If you park in the hotel (Hilton Madison), its $3 per hour, you might want to consider parking on the streets.
Very clubby. Good steaks. Excellent service. Expect to pay premium prices
One of the worst steakhouses I've been to in Madison.  The food was absolutely terrible.  The only reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one is because the salad and dessert I got were decent.  Otherwise everything about the main dish was bland, unseasoned, and undercooked from specification.  I even tried the other dishes people in my table had gotten and they were all just as bad.  If you're in the mood for a steakhouse that's downtown I would recommend going to Delmonico's instead.
This place is located in the heart of the capital city next to the Hilton hotel. 

They have a somewhat limited selection, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. The sides are sold separate of the entree as is the case in most Chophouse's.
Did the Thanksgiving buffet there.  Everything was fantastic
I tried this place out for a celebration of my best friend's engagement.  Price wasn't a concern for such an occasion.

The service was great, exactly what you'd expect in a high end establishment.  The tuna tar-tar and oysters were amazing.  Three of us got the prime rib.  It was the best I've ever had (well, next to a place that has been closed for a decade).  Perfectly bloody and tasty.  My girlfriend went with the Filet Mignon.  I almost regret her choice, she is continually begging me to take her for it.  I don't think I've been to a steak house that had better food.

And, to top everything off, I had a Beer Float.  Yes, beer and ice cream!  If you're an adventure eater like me, this is worth the trip itself.

The price tag and location are the only drawbacks.  I didn't like parking in a hotels huge ramp and then finding my way there.  Other than that, this is phenomenal steak house.
Good, not great. For the price, there are better steakhouses to choose from in Madison.
The restaurant is a Midwest institution hidden inside the Hilton. 

Hint: eat at the bar and get to know Mary.  She will advise you in current kitchen hits vs. misses, will craft a mean cocktail, pair the perfect in house wine option and offer her unique wit. 

Pluses: best chopped salad in the city, decent carpaccio, reliable tuna dishes,  and reasonably priced steaks. 

Drawbacks: fairly restrained menu, but it's a steakhouse with all the core essentials.
went with a group.
had a good table in a private room; had some apetizers, oysters, shrimp coctail, crab cake.
the crab cake was not good, other appetizers were good.
had the t-bone 24 oz steak it was very good although it was more rare than a medium should be.

all in all, it was good but very pricy.
When we lived in Madison, this was a frequent date night stop for us.  Typically, the service is really great, the ambiance is romantic and the food great and consistently great.

I am a fan of the little things.  I always enjoy the different spreads to begin the meal. I once had a cherry butter that was amazing but has eluded me since.  Their shrimp cocktail and chop salad are fantastic.  I normally go for the bone-in ribeye which is great.  Please remember that medium at most steak houses means slightly red in the center which is just the way to order it.

I like that the food is often local, the deserts are great and change with what is in season.  

I truly miss this place.  A recent visit to the "best steakhouse in Seattle" has left me longing for the chophouse experience.
Meh.  It was OK.  We were in Madison this past weekend for our 1st Anniversary and I really needed to find a place the first night that I could make reservations at seeing we were dining with our 7-month-old daughter - weren't sure how she was going to handle a long dinner out -  and I also needed a place that well, makes a damn good steak.  I figured it was safe to assume that something with Chophouse in the name would make a decent filet.  

Things started off very promising.  Our server, Liz, was incredibly nice and was wonderfully sweet to us and our little girl.  She was very apologetic when it took a ridiculous amount of time to receive our first course - carpaccio and she even removed it from our bill.   She was great and she is the reason for one of the stars.  Finally after the carpaccio - which was quite delicious, not overly flavorful or brilliant, but good enough - we received our Caesar salads which were actually brilliant and delicious and receive star number two.   Though, in a "chophouse" a salad should NOT be the highlight of our meal.  FINALLY, our steak comes out.  We both ordered a filet done medium rare and while their level of doneness was not an issue, it was just the most absolute boring filet I've ever spent $38 on.  It was completely unseasoned and looked like it came off a Weber grill out back.  Scratch that, a filet off a Weber grill out back would have been far more delicious.  I was expecting something far more luxurious - a nice solid sear, etc.  This did not meet either of our expectations at all.   We went with the a side of mushrooms and they were pretty good.  By no means the best damn mushrooms I've ever eaten, but they were pretty good.  All in all, this place was a big miss for us and left a bit disappointed.  I kept saying we should just got to Ruth Chris', take our daughter to a chain, it'd be easier, this and that and dammit - we should have.  

We certainly wouldn't make any effort to go back here, nor would we recommend it to anyone else.  The food just did not match the price point they seem to believe they're at.
I've only been here once because Capitol Chophouse sucked my wallet dry that day.

I had the 18 oz. ribeye, which was juicy and tender. The Capitol chop salad was pretty good too. I have absolutely no complaints about the food itself.

But I just can't justify coming here. The $$$ sign on Yelp should be changed to $$$$. Capitol Chophouse is definitely a pricey restaurant. I'm assuming it's because rent downtown, and especially within a hotel, is high. For the price you pay, there are surely better options out there. Try Tornado if you haven't already. Costs are more or less the same, but the quality and options are a lot better.
I'll make this short and sweet:

Wine - a delicious Syrah.  There were plenty of reasonably-priced options to choose from.

Appetizer - Clam Chowder.  Yum!

Entree - I got the king crab legs.  They came pre-opened, which I love because then I do not have to get messy.  The legs had plenty of meat on them, and tasted/smelled/looked freshly-caught (Which I always appreciate when I'm hundreds of miles from an ocean).  My date had the filet.  I tried a bite and it was delicious, but I still prefer Tornado (Although I'll give Capitol Chophouse another chance).  We got a twice-baked potato as a side dish.  It was ENORMOUS.  It was also delicious, so I highly recommend you order one (Maybe to share).

Dessert - Creme Brulee.  Perfect finish to a great meal.


I can't help but compare my experience at Capitol Chophouse to my past experiences at Tornado.  The menu options and prices are very similar.  I've tried the crab and filet at both restaurants, and if you forced me to choose I'd have to give a slight advantage to Tornado.  Having said that, eating at the same place over and over can get stale.  If you're looking for some delicious seafood/steak offerings and want to switch things up, give Capitol Chophouse a try.
Very nice establishment, especially for one connected to a hotel.  There steaks are very good and the service is very professional. I recommend the chopped salad for a real treat
Hilton Monona Terrace has always treated me exceptionally well, so it pains me to give this restaurant such a low score. I ordered the chop salad and the ceviche. The chopped salad was delicious - finely chopped, tasty blue cheese, zesty dressing. Then the scallop ceviche came out ... the scallops were canned, the avocado was the type you fine in a bag that gets squeezed out, and there were 2 sprigs of cilantro. By far the worst ceviche I've ever had, and after 2 bites - my stomache turned. 

Maybe the other dishes are better, but my ruling is this is just another hotel restaurant/bar. There is better food not a half mile down the street at Graze and Et Tiot. I will walk there next time.
I have been here several times for work. I always sit at the bar. If Mary is working, you will have a great experience. Great drinks, excellent food and phenomenal service. There may be better food in Madison, but you will not find better service.
My husband and I were on a trip to WI the last week of June. We wanted a special night out, so we went to Madison and happened upon Capitol Chophouse. I'm glad we did. The service was great, the food was amazing (I had the grass fed ribeye), and the ambiance spectacular. I loved the historic building and the retro furnishings.

Thanks for a wonderful evening out!
Mary is great!  others comments about her are spot on.  sensitive to the needs of those at her bar.  the Chop Salad is fabulous.  don't miss it.  curious to try the other offerings...  wish I hadn't had so many snacks earlier in the day...  I suspect the kitchen is well run.  my food was lovely and quickly received.  fresh.  pretty.  made me want to eat slow and enjoy every bite fully.  wish I had the appetite to accommodate the Restaurant Week menu...  maybe tomorrow?!
I can't say that this is my favorite upscale place in Madison. But the ambience is great - my boy and I visited here on our first official date!

The steaks are good, you can feel safe here asking for a black and blue (which is even rarer than rare!). Seafood is good here too. I like it here, but my favorite thing is the bread and butter!!?!?!?! There's always 3 different kinds of butter/cream cheese - 1 regular and 2 special flavors. so gooooooddddd. Otherwise... I'm alright about this place.

Ambience is great but somehow the tables are too huge when a couple sits across each other.. A little loud to chat across the table though. 

In summary, come here for a special night to get steaks done just the way you like or for some lobster Mac and Cheese ;)
Not terrible, but not really worth going to for the price.
9/26/13 My wife and I had dinner at the Capitol Chophouse.  We enjoyed an appetizer of scallops, shrimps, oysters, and crab legs.  For an entre she had the Black Earth pasture raised lamb and I had the Black Earth grass fed rib-eye.   We also enjoyed a bottle of pinot noir by Archery Summit's Red Hills Estate.  If you want steak or seafood dine at the Chop (end of story).  :-)

They are part of the downtown Hilton Monona Terrace Hotel and will validate your parking.
My boyfriend and I both love this restaurant. We ate here twice during our four days stay in Wisconsin. Cheese Goat brie is awesome. Lamp chop is awesome too!
I've been in here since this place took off. My roommate's friend was working here at the time when the chef was trying out new menus.

I love the cozy downtown darker dining experience and the restaurant has an overall upscale feel which compliments the meals that come out from the kitchen.

Get a good deal on dining during Restaurant Week which this restaurant regularly participates.
I DID like this place until they discontinued my favorite gin. I was very impressed they had it in the first place (I had one). They assured me there was more but that wasn't the case. 
The bartender Lee, however, the day before, gave me exceptional service. The food is above average.

UPDATE:  I got charged $6 more for vermouth, even though I had it straight up without, but because I said "martini"???  Go figure!  Dumb   Downgraded due to being dumb
Combine one of the world's nicest physical eating establishments (both natural surroundings as well as the $10+ mil restaurant itself), arguably some of the best gourmet Italian food West of the Atlantic, and impeccable service and you have yourself a winner.  Prices aren't cheap but in my opinion it's a deal considering what this package offers.  Think I'm exaggerating?  Check it out and let the truth be told!
In the spirit of Josh D.'s post, I will argue that Sassi does NOT have the best gourmet Italian food west of the Atlantic.  In fact, I wasn't impressed with the food here at all.  We had the chef's tasting menu for $59 per person and the wine pairings for $39.

Cocktails - I had the apple/ginger fizz which was not at all fizzy, too sweet and had mint leaves that had browned in it.  

The bar snacks course was decent.  A selection of bruschettas and some olives.  Not bad, but not stellar.

Appetizers - We were brought a large plate of assorted appetizers.  Grilled beets, caramelized fennel, spicy calamari, broccoli rabe, and some other things that were quite forgettable apparently.  This plate, though impressive in appearance, was an all around failure.  My group consisted of some very adventurous eaters, and this didn't cut it even for them.  The tastes just didn't meld, and it just felt "off."

Salad - The salad seemed like it was nothing more than bagged lettuce with some sliced carrots and radishes in dressing.  VERY disappointing.

Pasta - Probably the highlight of the night.  The pasta was so perfectly cooked, it was heavenly.  It was served with Lima beans, greens, bread crumbs & Parmesan in some light olive oil.  I have to mention, however, that my plate had a million Lima beans and no greens.  My mom's plate, however, had all greens, barely any Lima beans.  What's up with that?

Main course - I was given the seared Ahi, my husband the lamb sausage and my mom the halibut in bag.  The ahi was barely seared and cold, the lamb sausage was completely dry and over cooked and when my mom opened her bag, it stunk up the entire, albeit beautiful, dining room with fish smell.  I'm sorry, that's just not acceptable.

We got a special assortment of deserts, which was nice, and they were probably our favorite part of the night.

Oh and from the room we were seated in, you could hear the chef screaming bloody murder at his staff now and again.  That's all well and fine if you're Gordon Ramsay and your patron's know what they're in for, but we came for an intimate, elegant dinner... please shut up.

Anyway, I only give this restaurant 3 stars because of how amazingly beautiful it is.  So while I won't say to never come here, in my opinion, you'd be much better served to stop in for some "bar snacks" and wine than having a full meal.
what a beautiful location!  was here for a wedding over the weekend and having been to a million weddings over the past couple of years, i have to say this was one of the most beautiful spots.

the food was pretty good, a little bit heavy on the lemon, but overall, i was very impressed.  i would love to come back here and try out their other dishes!
5 stars for the ambiance and setting, 3.5 stars for the food.  So 4 stars.

The setting is unbelievable and incredibly romantic.  Picture nooks and crannies, warm fire places and fire pits, a great patio, waterfalls....its fantastic.  They have heaters outside and will also provide blankets for you if you would like one.  (I declined, its not that cold yet but others were partaking in them!)  We were seated at a table that was under a bright light and while they weren't able to turn the light down they did move us to another table that was much more romantic and intimate. 

Our server suggested a great pinot grigio which was a great way to start the meal.  The breads in the bread basket were quite good, including a blueberry nut bread and focaccia with cheese.  We started with the calamari, which was stuffed with salmon, and was quite good.  A new twist on an old favorite.  For our primi we ordered the gnocchi in mushroom ragu which was good, but not the best gnocchi I've ever had.  I do wish they were a little larger but the portion size for a primi course was good.  For our secondi I chose the lamb three ways (chop, shredded, sausage) which was good but not anything that blew me away.  The shredded lamb was the best of the three.  The chop could have been more flavorful and the sausage tasted like generic sausage.  My husband chose the veal which was a little tough.  We did order a side of butternut squash with honey and walnuts which I absolutely loved, but my husband did not.   We finished the meal with tea and coffee (unremarkable) and a pear tart that was large and tasty.  I wish it was drizzled with caramel sauce, that would have really set it off.  All in all the food was good, I wouldn't say incredible and I certainly wouldn't say the best.  It was solid.

After dinner we stopped into the bar on our way out for another drink and the bar area was lovely.  Very cozy and homey.  I would definitely return to the bar for some drinks on a cool evening.
I don't get it. Everyone raves about this place, and we thought the food and service were mediocre at best.

We made reservations for 8:30pm on Saturday and were immediately impressed with the surroundings. This is a very cool venue, and the interior is amazing. It truly is like a sprawling Italian villa, complete with warm taupe tones and dark wood. The atmosphere is intimate, inviting, warm, cozy and romantic. We had no complaints whatsoever with regards to our surroundings.

However, immediately upon sitting down our waitress asked us if we wanted a drink....of course the answer was "yes" but she didn't even give us a second to breathe before asking. Then she annoyingly said "it's Saturday, take your time and relax" - um, hello, that is exactly why we came here instead of Applebee's. Don't patronize me, please!

So then we ordered 2 appetizers. One took a while, but honestly, we were enjoying ourselves and probably wouldn't have noticed except they tried to make up for it by bringing us an extra appetizer. Nice gesture, but the appetizer was terrible. Therefore, in their efforts to fix a problem that didn't even really exist in our minds (shouldn't you wait for us to question the speed before assuming we were upset?), they made it worse. They tried to appease us with this nasty fried vegetable thing that exploded upon cutting into it (which spread some horrid mayonnaise mixture everywhere). It was repulsive, and it tasted that way as well.

Then let's go to the next course. I ordered a very appetizing butternut squash soup from the special menu when she took our order. A good hour later she informs me that she has some "bad news" and the soup is not indeed available. How it  took her an hour to figure that out I may never know. So, I settled for the other soup on their menu, which was basically glorified vegetable soup. My husband had an octopus salad that he said tasted fishy. Lovely.

Then the main course consisted of steak for my husband and spaghetti with mussels for me. There was an obscene amount of mussels on my spaghetti. Like, too many mussels for one person to consume. I think they were trying to make up for the soup being unavailable, but sorry, kids - mussels in excess a la Cheesecake Factory does not make me forget that you didn't have your special soup. Aren't nice restaurants supposed to satisfy you while also leaving nothing on your plate? The spaghetti was just okay. I mean, I guess it's my fault for ordering spaghetti, but it could have been at least somewhat tasty. And I shouldn't have had enough for another person leftover. Quantity does NOT equal quality in a high end restaurant. My husband said his steak was okay. And he would know - he eats steak just about everywhere we dine.

We also ordered a side of the butternut squash, which were pretty good but nothing over the top. At one point our waitress hit my husband's water glass while taking away my plate (thank you, klutz)...and she then said "cheers" and giggled awkwardly. That is not a joke. Oh, and I almost forgot. They only have 2 white wines by the glass (on the menu at least), and our waitress wouldn't know a good wine if it hit her in the face. Again, not cool when you're spending $20/glass (even though it's more like 1.5 glasses).

The atmosphere earns this place 2 stars, and we had a great time together and were fully entertained so I generously awarded a third star.....but this place would get shut down after 1 month in New Orleans. The food is average at best, and it is way too pricey for the quality. $200 for 2 people is not a bargain....and for the right meal, I am cool with that. It's a shame since this place is truly gorgeous. So, will I come back to have a drink at the bar? Perhaps. Eat their food? Never again.

Not to mention, the service is on par with your average chain restaurant. Fine when you're ordering a $15 entree, but not appropriate for a $100/head meal.
Everyone seems to agree that Sassi is almost perfect w/regard to atmosphere.  The setting is perfectly romantic.  I also agree that the food does not quite match the setting, but it is good.  It is southern Italian, so expect some seriously heavy flavors and rich dishes...not something that I could eat every day, but then, Sassi is not your everyday restaurant.
We celebrated my boyfriend's b-day here last week (thanks to Kristin S) and it really was perfect...we got a table outside, under the stars and next to an open pit fire.  The service was great and the food was really good.  We were overstuffed when we left, but not so much that we couldn't stop for one last cocktail at their cozy bar.
I would recommend this place for the atmosphere alone!  So, I agree, 5 stars for setting and 3.5 for food...
Imagine this, Walt Disney meets a Fantastic Italian Chef... Since the animated film might bore adults, they instead decide to make a restaurant. You might think that when you see the enormous restaurant housed in a spacious Italian Villa that is Sassi. (pronounced like saucy)

Now the truth is, do not be fooled into thinking that because the owners decided to invest a fortune in aesthetics, they neglected the reason to have a restaurant... the food.

The food is as close to traditional Italian as many will ever experience. 

I will say this, I cannot speak for some of the experiences that others have had, but I have eaten here several times over the past year and I have never been disappointed.

It is not cheap, and not close, (to me at least) but it is good...
So I got a 50 dollar gift card for an engagement gift at Sassi, so I said I need to try it. The night started out with some drinks and an appetizer in the bar. I usually start of with  glass of Pinot Noir. For some reason they didn't have any by the glass so I was a bit disappointed until I made the decision trying the cantaloupe martini. OH MAN..that was the best martini I have ever had. It was light and smooth and not too sweet. I would definitely go back for the martini. We had the grilled shrimp appetizer which was very good, but there goes our 50 dollar gift certificate towards 2 drinks and an appetizer.  I ended up with a pizza for dinner. I wasn't to impressed with the menu. Everything was very different and if you a plainer eater, then this place is not for you. If I were you, go to the bar, get a drink and have an appetizer!
This is the BEST and most authentic Italian restaurant I have ever been to.    As soon as I pulled up, I realized that our dinner was going to be something special.   As we walked to the front door there is beautiful fountain with the bar patio to the right and banquet room and patio to the left straight ahead is the entry way to Sassi, and boy is that awesome too..   They had the front doors open, and the doors to the back patio open.  By design these entries line up to provide you with a fantastic view out the back to the lights of Phoenix.    We acknowledged our arrival to Stacy and she told us it would be about 5-10 minutes before our table would be ready and directed us to the bar.   We had a 6:30 reservation, and I didn't mind the wait.  The bar was another delight as well.   There were was fine mahogany everywhere, as well as about 8-10 cocktail tables loaded with people.   In the center was fireplace flanked by 4 comfy leather chairs and a coffee table, while in the corner there was a grand piano with a 3-piece band playing some lovely jazz.  The bar was about 50 feet long and jammed as well but we managed to snag a couple of seats and ordered a few cocktails.  After seeing the Melontini mention in another review I decided to give it a whirl, and I admit it lived up to its reputation.   My date had a homemade raspberry infused vodka martini that was off the charts as well...   The bartender was friendly and knowledgeable and recommended coming back after dinner to have some homemade Lemoncello as well.....     

About 3/4's through our drinks the manager came over to let us know our table was ready if we were.  On the way to our table I noticed that the restaurant was divided into a few smaller rooms and of about 8-10 tables each and I think they each had a fireplace as well...   I thought this was a nice design idea that made it more warm and comfortable.   We arrived at our table and were greeted by Salvatore, our waiter, who furnished us with menus and some fresh bread.   The bread was an assortment of lavosh, focacia, and a walnut and fig bread, all of which were fresh and delicious.   We decided on starting out on a few appetizers, and went with the bruchetta and a Caprese salad.   The bruchetta was wonderful.   There were 3 different flavors: a rich chicken liver mousse, marinated tomatoes and garlic, and mashed beans with garlic and rosemary.   Our group decided we would put these up against Postino's any day...  The caprese was a whole buffalo mozzarella with heirloom tomatoes and basil, and those tomato's tasted like a tomato is supposed to taste.  None of that mealy flavorless mush you get elsewhere.  

Upon completion of our app's Sal came by again to take our order's.   I ordered the Orechiette dish which was a house made orechiette pasta with sweet-spicy sausage, Italian broccoli and Romano cheese.  My date had the roasted pork ravioli in a tomato ragu.  While the other couple we were with had the roasted halibut with grapefruit, sugar snap peas, and pistachio pesto and the grilled filet with 20 yr. balsamic vinegar and heirloom tomatoes.  We went with a bottle of Sagrantino di Montefalco.

Our food came in a timely manner, and I have to admit my Orechiette was absolutely the best pasta I have ever had.  It was flat pasta that was about the size of a quarter in a garlic and olive oil sauce with a phenomenal sausage and a tart broccoli that is not like you are used to.   The flavors were amazing:  sweet, tart, and garlicy the perfect balance.   My date's pork ravioli was great too.   It had like a pulled pork filling with a ragu reminiscent of grandma's Sunday dinner with a little pork in that too.   Since everything was so wonderful we all tried a bit of each other's meals and I would recommend the halibut and steak as well, however, as great as the steak was, you can get a good steak anywhere in this town these days. 

After dinner we decided to indulge in a dessert for the table and at Sal's recommendation we had the Tartufo.   Not ever hearing of this before we were pleasantly surprised.   A Tartufo if a giant black cherry and dark chocolate gelato scoop that is then dipped in Valrhona dark chocolate.  Sounds good doesn't it?  I will refrain from describing it anymore only because I am sure that whatever you are imagining it tasting like is better that I can describe.

Unfortunately, we did not make it back to the bar for that last cocktail, as we were to stuffed, but hope to get back soon.   Everything was better than we could've imagined and can easily say that this is the best restaurant in the valley.   I will agree that it is a little bit on the expensive side at about $75pp w/tax and tip.  It was nice to see that the wine wasn't gouged like some other places and you could even get a $40 bottle or a couple glasses to bring down the price a little...  Going to Sassi is an event.   Between the views, service, and food, you cannot find any better.
The Proprietor took the time to visit dozens of locations around Southern Italy to come up the rich design of Sacci. As their website states, "this fine dining experience transports you to the hospitality of an Italian farmhouse, which has flourished into a classic villa in every sense of the word".  Each room has a uniquely different feel. They include an Italian cucina, an old world library....very masculine with stone fireplace or outside patio overlooking elevated,  panoramic views of the Valley. 

I enjoy my meals every time. But I must admit, the service is usually par at best....very disappointing for the caliber of restaurant this is.
My wife and I went to Sassi for our anniversary.  The food we had was very good.  The building and decor were nice but I don't think I appreciated it as much as some of the people that raved about it.  

My wife had the Wood Roasted Beets appetizer ($8), mint, tangerine agrumato and 20 year old Balsamic which she liked, but I thought it was just beets and it wasn't great.  I had Insalata Misticanza (salad ~ $12) Organic greens and vegetables, lemon honey vinaigrette which we both thought was very good.  It was big enough to share.  

Other reviews indicated the pasta was very good, and our waiter recommended any of the three fresh, made on site, pasta dishes.  I ordered his top recommendation Orechiette con Salciccia ($20) and it was fabulous.   It had lots of spicy sausage made at the restaurant, which I loved.  My wife ordered Ricotta Gnocci ($22)  It was good too, but not as good as the Orechiette, I thought.

The chef, Peter J. DeRuvo, walked though the restaurant and stopped at our table to say hello and see if we liked the food.  He was very nice, and we enjoyed talking with him.  

The waiter recommended an Italian red wine at $18 a glass that was very good.

The restaurant sent us an anniversary desert for two that was very nice.  We didn't ordered it but enjoyed it.  We were surprised when the bill came and they charged us $12 for the desert.  We happily paid for it anyway.  So be careful about telling them it's your anniversary or birthday if you don't want to pay for a desert.  There don't seem to be any free special occasion deserts at Sassi.

Our meal with tax was $105 before tip.

We dressed up a bit, but there were people that were dressed very casually.  The wait staff was very formal so I would have been uncomfortable dressed very casual.

I recommend you call the restaurant for directions because Yahoo Maps gave us wrong directions.  Don't take Pinnacle Peak road east of Pima road.  Take Happy Valley road east of Pima to Alma School road and turn left.  Go about a mile north on Alma School and Sassi will be on your left at Pinnacle Peak Parkway.  East to spot once there. 

I would recommend this restaurant.
With Wade Moises at the helm, there was no better real, high-end Italian cuisine in the Valley. Marcellino's is quite good as well, but not necessarily better. Inventive, fresh and authentic. The setting is a bit over-the-top-North Scottsdale, but beautifully executed. Eating on the patio there can be heavenly. The long drive home, less so. That drive being further frustrated by the consistently best martinis in the Valley. You have to watch yourself, cuz they go down smooth.

But with Wade leaving, I fear for the future of Sassi. This is a potential blessing, in that his new place will be in downtown Phoenix, leaving Sassi to find a competent replacement (who won't have the former exec in his backyard). And it means Wade's amazing handmade pastas will be closer to my belly.

But it remains to be seen if they can find the right replacement. Tall order to fill. Best of luck, Sassi!
I love Sassi.  On Wednesday evenings during the summertime they hold a wine tasting with half price appetizers.  My girlfriends and I make it a regular outing and are sad that it is discontinued in the fall and winter.  That said, when I had to select a location for a business dinner, Sassi was the first place that popped into mind.

The atmosphere is what really makes Sassi special.  When you walk through the courtyard and walk through the heavy wooden doors, you know that you are going someplace special.  The restaurant is furnished like an old, Southern Italian farmhouse that is so warm and welcoming that you just don't want to leave.  The service is impeccable - our water glasses were always filled and finished plates were whisked away before you even noticed.

Our dinner party of 4 enjoyed the house specialty of homemade pasta with roasted vegetables and the grilled pork chop battuto.  The pasta was just delicious.  The pork chop was slightly dry but the braised runner beans that it was served with were amazing.

All in all, our experience at Sassi has been consistantly great.  Our guests were very happy and we will certainly be returning in the near future.
Celebrated a holiday dinner here with some friends. There were about 10 of us so we had a private room. Beautiful restaurant, but the food was disappointing and expensive. I'd go back for dessert & drinks maybe to enjoy the ambiance but would go somewhere else beforehand for dinner.
My husband and I went on our Saturday date night to Sassi up in north Scottsdale. We've been before and always had great service, amazing food and an incredible view. This time was a little different. There was a wedding in the courtyard! It was so romantic and made me want to marry my husband all over again (at Sassi this time). We sat outside under the heaters and had a roaring fire next to us. We had the Margarita pizza to start, then the gnocchi and the Sole for dinner. Our food was perfect. Needless to say it was a wonderful night! I would recommend Sassi for a date night any time!
Downgrading my review to 1 star after receiving a nasty-gram from an orange head named "John G" that works there. Learn to accept criticism and improve!
Been here 3 times. 
Awesome setting - beautiful ambiance - ROMANTIC - Fantastic Patio Views!
BAR: Posh.  Happy hr specials for food & drink & bottles of wine.
PATIO - GORGEOUS
FOOD: 3 course dinner w/glass wine was about $40 (WOW)
Wait staff - great, helpful, professional
Brought a whole dessert platter with chocolate writing all around when they found out it was our anniversary (no charge) Ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!
suggestion: hit dinner @ patio around 5 for sunset & dusk: breath-taking.
(hint: hubby's - u will score with this nite of planned romance)
Beautiful restaurant...... you can tell that million of dollars have been spent in this place.

unfortunately the same passion for detail wasn't put in the menu. When I went with a group of friends we weren't impressed with the food, i would say it was below average and very pricey. 

My last visit was when the original chef was still there, i belive he left to open his own restaurant downtown phoenix, some sort of pasta bar, which i am not very exited about knowing this guy ability.
This place is good, but I wanted it to be great based on the location, decor and price range. Unfortunately, I don't think good is enough to warrant the drive out there if you don't live relatively nearby. 

The service was good, although a little overbearing at times and I could do without the failed attempts at humor - not every waiter was meant to perform stand-up comedy. This was contrasted buy occasionally long delays between visits from the waiter. The restaurant was far from busy, but he didn't quite seem to have the subtle service and timing down. 

The prosciutto was great and very plentiful. Of all the items we had it, it was probably the best. The veal chop taste was ok but it was overcooked, even though I asked for medium rare, and when veal is overcooked, it really loses flavor and the right texture. I suppose I should have sent it back. 

The wine list is rather pitiful. They only have about 6-8 wines or less by the glass and the bottle list seemed very small for a restaurant of this caliber. Also, not that I am prone to use a sommelier, but I would expect a place like Sassi to have one...I didn't see one. 

This place may be worth a visit for an appetizer and the view at sunset.
This place is gorgeous! 

Went recently and did the appetizers at the bar thing and it was great. It was very slow when we were there which was nice- our server had a lot of personality and was really attentive. 

ALL the appetizers were all half off and they were delicious, their homemade sausage is awesome and the sliced meats were nice and fresh.

They have a bunch of wines at $7 a glass and they are real pours! 

All in all a great experience, really nice atmosphere and they were surprisingly laid back with our 2yo occasionally acting like a maniac. Lots of good food and drinks for cheap... yay!
Went to Sassi Sunday afternoon and loved it! The place is beautiful, I can see why people have their weddings and rehearsals here, its more like a resort than a restaurant. The entry way is preceded by a courtyard and fountain, as well as a walkway lined by small fountains and lights on both sides. Beyond the hostess is a large outdoor patio area and small grassy area (apparently in the fall they also have a festival here). The restaurant itself is beautiful, we sat in the bar in 4 large oversized leather chairs situated around a coffee table.

Happy hour is awesome- several glasses of wine are $7, and bottles are $20 off. Appetizers are half off, so we got one of each and had quite a feast! This included skewered shrimp over braised garbanzos, amazing fennel sausages, an assortment of deli meats, meatballs, eggplant involtini, Caponata (my favorite), pizza margarita, and beef skewers. 

We also loved our waiter, he was sure to keep the wine coming to all of us and was sweet to our 2 year old. 

If you're looking for a comfortable place with an amazing atmosphere and view, this is. You won't be disappointed with dinner or happy hour here!
Contacted by Sassi's management. It's good to know that "John G" is not a true representation of the company. I may or may not return, but it's nice to know management cares enough to try and right a wrong.
I love the natural beauty of the restaurants location. Services was excellent and food was great. Small portions but my waistline appreciates that.
You know those weeks where you just want to sink into a comfortable chair and relax when its all done? I had that experience on Friday night at Sassi, and it was perfect. It was great to be so attentively waited on, and the atmosphere with friends was enjoyable after the long week.

The Sassi GM, Stephen, was kind enough to welcome NVFN (North Valley Friday Nights) to Sassi last Friday. He had an area at the bar set aside for us and provided an assortment of "pickies" :D  lovely little things for us to snack on like toasted nuts, olives and flatbread. He also extended the happy hour menu for us. The wine was flowing and the food was great as always- we had the margarita pizza, the eggplant involtini, the skewered beef and the stuff squah blossoms. Everything was perfect.

Sassi is definitely one of my faves, thanks so much for having us, we'll be back very soon
Fabulous ambience, great service, and delicious food.  A table on the patio is spectacular, but will sit a max of 6.
Is it expensive?  Absolutely!  Is it divine?  Absolutely!  We went there for our Anniversary and the entire place knocked us out.  Extremely clean and impeccably designed location.  From the moment we walked in , we were treated like royalty.  

The food was amazing.  We started with a Fettunta:  Grilled bread with the most amazing organic heirloom tomatoes.  We tasted the Pizza Margarita.....we had the Pork Chop and the Linguini with Day Boat Shrimp.  Oh, so very, very good!  Everything was very light and rustic.  

Then, they brought an Anniversary Cannoli on a plate which said" Buon Anniversario!"  in chocolate script!  It was compliments of the restaurant!  Perfect end to a meal.  Mike is an awesome waiter and I'll request him again when I go back.

Then we went into the bar.  The drinks were a little expensive for my taste (who'd have thought!) but the bar tender told us about the  current Happy Hour from -5-7 when all the snacks and appies are half off and wine is currently 25% off.  That would make a pretty tasty little meal.  Now if the drive weren't so long......

But what an exciting night!  And do try to sit on the patio.  We didn't and I wish we would have requested it.  Gorgeous.

Hats off to the Chef.
Great ambiance - a hidden gem in the north side of Scottsdale, AZ - perfect for weddings! 

I prefer lighter meals and the dishes were rather heavy on the cream; thus the one star reduction. We had the pizza di carne for appetizers and a 3-course meal with duck as well as a 5-course seasonal meal. The duck was delicious for those who enjoy duck. The salmon for the 5-course was not its forte but the rest of the dishes were good. 

Other than that, excellent service and beautiful design. More a romantic date than a family night out.
Really impressed with the Scottsdale dining scene and Sassi was another solid contributor. First off the location is beautiful. It looked like an Italian villa and it seemed the perfect location for a wedding or special event as they have many rooms on this property to host. Our dining room was very nice and we had impeccable service. The menu was traditional Italian food with options for cheese, salami, antipasti, fish, pasta or meats. Very nice selections that made us take our time to formulate a proper feast. They also had an impressive chef's tasting menu at a reasonable price that was very tempting as well. They also let me order my main off of that which is pretty cool. 

We started with the pizza margarita and their arugula salad. Both were very tasty and the ingredients were top notch and really popped with flavor. 

For our mains I had the spinach papperadelle with pork ragu and my wife had the ahi tuna. The pasta was an enormous portion and it was fantastic. My wife loved the fish as well. 

This meal was great and they have 25% off bottles of wine through September, which is a nice bonus.
THANK YOU FOR SAVING MY EVENING!  Yes, this place is a drive, but so beautiful and worth it!

After a terrible time at Cellar 13 & C4 (Cave Creek Wine & Coffee), we wondered what else to do since we were up North.  SO GLAD WE THOUGHT OF SASSI!!

Ron, the bartender was so eloquent and debonair.  It was like he knew us and welcomed us back with open arms.

WHAT a HUGE sigh of RELEIF after being treated so poorly at C4.  WHEW!

The chianti was just right, and the bruschetta was to die for: simple but perfect.  Beef skewers tender & juicy.  Olive bowl was unique and tasty: all different sizes, shapes, and color.  

You are certainly treated like a somebody here, that's for sure!  I definatley have to come back more often, it is really worth the gorgeous drive - and the sunset!  W O W !
I was fortunate enough to recieve an invite to a private dinner in the "Wine Cellar." The restaurant couldn't be more beautiful or have a better setting.   Dinner was a 6 course meal with wine pairings.
It started with a very nice italian meat and cheese plate.  This was great though their bread left a lot to be desired!  I would think they could have some fresh baked breads or something special.  This was nothing other than a baguette and some dried out focaccia.
The salad was suppose to have a champagne vinagrette.  I tasted nothing other than oil on some old greens. 
3rd course was a mushroom risotto.  Although the risotto was perfectly prepared it was killed with too many mushrooms (and I love mushrooms.) 
4th course was a very bland piece of halibut on top of some other bland pasta. We then recieved the standard sorbet and on to the best dish of the meal! We had a choice between filet or lamb and both dishes were amazing!  Everyone was quite happy with the meat and the preparation.
I would ask Sassi to pay some attention to the small dishes leading up to this meal so that I could give it 5 stars!
Overall I have a hard time giving the 3 stars when I know the meal cost a small fortune and didn't live up to the price paid.
I have to give credit to the Owner, Management and Chef of Sassi for responding immediately to my review.  They were "Johnny on the spot" with concern about my complaints.  It went as far as a phone call from Stephen-GM & Chef Peter.  We went thru the entire nights menu and they had in depth questions about each course.  I can tell they care about all the little details and look forward to my next visit.
Thanks for caring guys!
Food and Drink 
1. I recommend skipping dinner and eating in the bar. Spectacular happy hour, all appetizers are  1/2 off, and wine is $7 a glass. 
2. Some of my favs: Eggplant Involtini, Prosciutto, Arancini, Fagioli Fritti and the Cured White Adriatic Anchovies are delicious! Caprese salad is worth the $18. 
3. This place understands what portion control is. Instead of piling mounds of food on your plate, they drown your taste buds with sensations and flavors that you've never experienced. 
4. The best value is a pre fixe meal 

Service 
1. Better than Ruth's Chris. They will refer to you by your name throughout dinner if you book a reservation. 
2. Oops! Drop your napkin or a utensil? Someone will be right there to replace it. 
3. Going to the restroom? Come back to your seat to find a newly folded and fresh napkin awaiting you. 
4. Ask for Sal--he's a direct import from Italy and is the epitome of customer service. 

Atmosphere 
1. Do not let the location fool you--yes it's fancy, but also laid back. 
2. The facility is said to have cost ~11 million to build, and if you look closely, you will find that no detail was missed. 
3. Beautiful indoor seating as well as great city views on the patio. If you are chilly on the patio, they have an armoire full of blankets. 
4. Sit in the bar in a leather winged back chair and listen to live music Friday and Saturday. 

Misc 
1. They used to have this amazing Caprese martini on the menu but have since removed it, however they will make it for you upon request
Pretty good, My boyfriend and I ordered the chefs menu and let him pick our dishes. Most of them were pretty good...But I was really unimpressed with a bratwurst as my main course... it didn't taste like anything special and the presentation was ugly. 

The accompanying wines were only $40... so the whole dinner was around $150... a bit over priced for what we got, but it is a nice place, good service... but alright food.

The "rooms" are gorgeous. We ate in the library. But the Main room, the Garden Terrace and the Kitchen all had their own nice qualities. The wine cellar seemed really nice for a private party.
Have had many wonderful meals here, got married here last year and love it so much I'm moving next door next month! : )  I really love this place.  Gorgeous area with stunning views, nothing better "Tuscan" decor, and great wine list.  Highly recommended:  the calamari, the gnocci, the filet, and the limoncello martinis.  And everything else.  if you're thinking of getting married here... they do a PERFECT job on your special day.  Getting there, however, can be a little less than perfect.  My experience dealing with the management was stressful, as their communication was spotty which is the last thing you want when planning a wedding.  However, they come through in the end with not a detail overlooked.
This review is for just the wedding service and dinner. I can't comment on whether this review would be the same if I dined there but I need to give them some credit where credit is due. 

Sooooo........our friends are getting married. We RSVP as typical vegans, hacking up the menu/plated dinner choices to accommodate us(would you expect anything else)? We get asked a few weeks before " are you sure you really don't want cheese? " Uh...yeah, we're sure. 

Sassi probably isn't the type of place we would normally ever go. We don't mind finer dining establishments but the place is like a huge Tuscan compound in the middle of the desert. Speaking of desert, even though the location if far from most everywhere, the Troon/Pinnacle Peak area is some nice acreage. I can see some people really loving this place and I will admit it all is done very well and is impressive, just not our thing. 

Onto the wedding dinner, our cards were color coded with a "jewel" based on our dining preferences. You got the beef tenderloin it's black, chicken blue, eggplant purple, of course ours were pink for "the difficult, PITA, vegan meal someone has to make". I was honestly expecting for something to be wrong and/or a complete  miss and that we would be stopping at Taco Bell on the way home. I was really prepared to go back to the kitchen to show and tell the chef " see, this is how EASY it is to prepare something Vegan ". None of that happened. 

We got our first course, salad. Everyone was pretty much getting the same thing and one of the servers attempted to put one in front of me but the other server dude said "NO...This is a VEGAN" and proceeded to give me my veganized special salad. Wow, I felt so special. This guy was like the vegan Nazi, no animal products were getting near me if this guy was around!! Second course came, pasta,  and it was excellent as well. It was obvious there was no cheese on ours but the server even made a point to whisper to me that this pasta is vegan as well. I would never expect it not to be but it was a nice reassurance. Third course we were expecting a veganized version of eggplant parm but they ended up pulling out something completely different. It was a silken tofu, crusted in some nuts and a sweet tangy sauce with some vegetables and couscous on the side. It was a complete shocker. I don't love silken tofu but it was pretty darned good and a nice surprise. 

All in all everything exceeded my expectations. I wonder if they would be this accommodating if I was a dinner guest? I am not sure, I looked at the dinner menu and they don't have lots of options but maybe I should give them a shot. If the vegan Nazi is around I am sure he would take care of me.
I had the pleasure of  eating a wonderful dinner on the terrace recently. In 2008 I did not think much of the food, and in the early fall of 2009 I discovered half-price apps at the bar and was impressed. We then had a lovely table in front of a fireplace in 11/09 for my mother's 80th birthday and were again impressed. So now I'm really impressed enough to write a review, as I think the establishment has made great progress since 2008 and is now a destination restaurant. 

I brought some Chicago foodie friends there, and they raved. The gnocci, the stagionale salad with LOTS of beets, flavorful shrimp with prosciutto and ceci bean salad, the hard to find in Scottsdale tender veal chop,well-prepared fish dishes without too much fluff, roasted brussel sprouts,  the wine, the ambience, and the knowledgable inobtrusive waiter-all contributed to a very enjoyable dining experience.

Don't go if you are looking for NY American Italian, as in veal parm or linguini with clams-go somewhere else for that. Go if you want relaxed fine Italian dining, inside or outside, and don't forget to hit the bar for happy hour when you want small plates and value.
This place is fa-reaking palatial.  Walking into this restaurant is on par with getting on a cruise ship or starting your first day of college.  Lots of pretty girls up front too;  but what giamungious restaurant doesn't these days? Anyway...

The food was good, but  I can't say I jizzed my pants eating it.  The waiter was exceptionally helpful, almost snootily so, which is nice when your dropping a few Benji's on grub, but dude an alfredo sauce is made from butter, cream, garlic, cheese etc, not from a modified scampi sauce.  I thought the wine selection was large and in charge, but sadly was almost all Italian (viva la france!). They're very specific about when you get yer bread too. (NO BREAD FOR YOU!)

The massive positive here was the salmon.  This dish could'a made me mousse my shorts.  Wish I had ordered it and not the Gnocchi.  

Dessert absolutely sucked donkey anus.  Mine was actually stale (some apple cake thing).  Coulda just got a bad one, I know this can happen.    

I give you three stars Sassi, you're cool looking and would probably get me laid if I weren't taken already... and assuming my date has no taste buds and is slightly touched in the head.  

I may come back and eat the salmon again.   Assuming it's still available.  Gigity.
Amazing setting .. stupendous views inside and out (I wouldn't mind getting married here!). Service was top-notch; I can say nothing bad about it (the hostess even called me the next day to thank me for coming in!).

The menu was a bit limited (but changes often ... I like that). The portions tended towards the small side, but totally satisfying. 

The prices are rather high, so this isn't your typical "happy hour" locale. However, for a special occasion and/or special someone, you would be hard-pressed to find a better location.
This is defiantly the best of the best.  Best patio in PHX/SDL.  It is pricey but well worth the money.
I was here for a wedding. The food was great, service was spectacular, the atmosphere was top notch. The server was very attentive to my girlfriend's gluten allergy and even took her back to the kitchen while the best man was giving his speech to go over the meal with her. That got it the 5th star. Great place for a wedding or just dinner.
One of our all time favs.....we love the food - the service is stupendous and the ambience relaxing...Enjoyed yet another relaxing meal there last night after walking out of extremely loud, packed in like cattle and overpriced Mastro's.  The "Little Ears" pasta is my fav dish and hubby enjoyed the summer gnocci...delish!  And Salavatore our server was excellent as always!
I do not have the ability to write a review that could describe how great Sassi is, but here we go.

The restaurant is basically a multimillion dollar villa perched high on the Scottsdale desert.  The wait staff is amazing, the manager is phenomenal and the food is like nothing I have had before.  On several occasions the staff has gone above and beyond to "wow" us and they update the menu seasonally to keep it fresh.

The ambiance is very classy and the waiter Sal with his fresh off the boat, Italian accent is awesome.  You could take a woman on a date here but I warn you, if this is how you are going to set the bar for dining experiences...  there is nowhere but down from Sassi.

All of the food is superb but I highly recommend the following:
Sicilian style Eggplant Involtini 
Orecchiette con Salsiccia aka little ears pasta
Buffalo Mozzarella Caprese

I love eggplant dishes but the Eggplant Involtini is amazing.  The thinly sliced eggplants are rolled and stuffed with fresh mozzarella and baked in a tiny cast iron skillet.  The little ears pasta are so chewy and fresh, served in a delicate sauce.  The Buffalo Mozzarella and heirloom tomatoes bring a tear to my eyes they are so enjoyable.


Aside from the dining experience, the picturesque views would be perfect for reception dinners or any other memorable experience.

i can't say enough praise for Sassi or the staff.  If I ever meet the owners I will hug and thank them generously.
Last night went to Sassi to take advantage of the start of Arizona Restaurant Week. This was my second visit to Sassi. Had been there once before a few years ago. The menu has changed from several years ago, for the better. We had four in our party and started off with the Antipasti for four. They offer it for two or four people. Excellent quality of meats, cheeses, roasted vegetables, olives, caponata, broccoli rabe, beans. They offered $29.00 bottles of wine to go with the $29.00 restaurant week specials. We had two bottles of the Cabernet/Sangiovese blend #501 on the menu. Excellent.  Each of the members in our party ordered restaurant week specials. Roasted butternut squash soup was phenomenal. Sole and Pork Chop were outstanding. Chocolate dessert was the best choice from the selection. The restaurant is a multimillion dollar Tuscan villa set in the desert of North Scottsdale. Just a beautiful place and experience all the way around. Service was superb.
I am going to start off this review by saying I may be a little biased, but in my opinion Sassi is the BEST restaurant in Phoenix!  The reason I am biased is my Husband and I got married here 2 years ago after falling in love with this place and then getting engaged here.

With all that said, even if this place wasn't so magical (because of everything it means to me) I would still love it.  We had dinner here this past Saturday and, as usual, the food was amazing.  We the roman meatballs, like usual, and they were fabulous.  We both had pasta dishes after that and again, so good.  Finally to dessert, Sassi hasn't always had the best dessert selections, but this time we went the menu changed a bit.  It was overall paired down to some great selections, but the biggest change was the desserts.  We had the peach cake with cinnamon gelato, and I must say, it was FABULOUS!

I just love Sassi and would recommend it to anyone for a nice romantic dinner out and a taste of true Italy!
We had great vegetarian food here. The squash blossoms for appetizers were great. The gnocchi with pesto and tomatoes were great. Great food and good service.
This place is GORGEOUS.  The beautiful layout of this place and the different rooms... love it.

Food is awesome.  We had the November 3 course meal with the wine pairing and it was GREAT.  Hubby and I really enjoyed ourselves.

We got to sit out on the patio next to the fire pit... that's the best spot if you ask me.  I was wearing something sleeveless and it was slightly chilly out, but the fire pit and the warmers around kept it perfect.

I did have one of their pomaritas... (pomegranate margarita) and it was EXCELLENT.  The mixture was great... that's one of those drinks that you could keep drinking, and then stand up to leave and fall over. haha

The bathrooms are beautiful. :)  Each stall has it's own sink!  Love it.

What was even cooler was that the server and the hostess even addressed us by name (we had a reservation) and also congratulated us on our marriage and wished my hubby happy birthday. :-)  It was a nice touch.  I also got a call the next day from Sassi to make sure that everything went well.

BTW... before I went here, I was looking thru Yelp for the dress code for Sassi... I did see some go in there in some nice jeans and nice shoes... but no tennis shoes, no tshirts.  I wore a very nice black sleeveless top (that was revealing) with a nice black skirt and heels, and I felt perfectly comfortable.
Went to Sassi The last week of November. It was our 4yr anniversary, so they gave us a some champagne on the house to celebrate it.  Great start to the meal! Sadly, The food was somehow not up to par. Started with some bruschetta to snack on...Meh, the bread just wasn't right, flavors were muddled and just decent. 

I had the 3 course tasting menu with wine pairings. Pulled pork tagliatelle (way too much meat going on, pasta was great, but overall, the dish was a little off). It was a big portion as well. I would have just stuck with one kind of pork, not two, and a touch more sauce. Osso bucco was salty, and not prepared the traditional way with the marrow. It reminded me more of a concentrated version of beef short ribs.  Just a few fingerling potatoes and over salted mushrooms scattered around the plate.  Not my favorite. The 3rd course consisted of this apple crepe thing. Seemed like an afterthought at best.  They also sent out a comped dessert for our anniversary which was a little cannoli, (It's the thought that counts).  It was a nice gesture, but there was nothing special about it at all. 

Here is what really irked me.....My significant wanted a pasta dish, and asked if the pasta had a red sauce. Our server said yes so he ordered it. It came, and it had no such red sauce on it at all. We waited 10 minutes to flag someone down to fetch our server for us. He asked to have a red sauce with sausage in his orecchiette, like the original dish he thought he was getting in the first place! It came plain, nothing on it but sauce. At that point, it was useless to send it back again, so we just dealt with it. Our server even acknowledged that they forgot to put the meat in it, yet, when the bill came, we still ended up paying $18 for a small plate of orecchiette with red sauce and NOTHING else!  It's just funny, because the 6 top next to us pretty much sent half their main courses back as well.  We overheard our server telling them she thought the kitchen was 'off' that night.   We NEVER expect to get anything comped EVER!  What I DO expect is that if the kitchen/staff make a mistake, they should either FIX it and FIX it CORRECTLY or ADJUST the price!  

The wedding open house we went to a month or so prior, had better food, and that was more of a buffet style atmosphere. The pasta was better, salad, apps, everything!  Hopefully they were just having an "off" night, but either way, it makes us think twice about EVER going back. 

Our unfortunate experience at Sassi that night = 2 STARS

+1 STAR for my wonderful significant who made the most of our night even though the food was bad
Waaaaaaaah! And Grrrrrrrrrrr!
I'd leave it at that, but I think you need to hear just why I am so pained. 

Honey and I decided to go all out for a biggie New Year's dinner extravaganza. It had been a while since we got all gussied and spent the big bucks. We were due for some eye-rolling, table-thomping deliciousness. 

Perusing the short list of our local faves, we both spied the prix-fixe at Sassi and did a little dance. Limited menus at a swank venue usually equate to exceptional dishes, well worth the limitedness of it all. We wanted them to BRING IT. We deserved it!

We arrived just a few minutes late (even got a car/driver so as to be sated AND safe), and were immediately seated. The restaurant was not crowded, we liked our table and saddled up. As is always the case, a pre-dinner cocktail was ordered while perusing the menu. A few minutes later our martinis arrived, poured at the table and we were left to make our New Year's toast. Enter click glasses, raising to lips........screeeeech! "Excuse me, miss? Sorry, you were given the wrong drink." No big deal. It happens.

We ordered our courses with delight and within minutes the appetizer course appeared. This was a trio of selected appetizers, all tasty and complementary. Our empty plates were quickly whisked away, along with our silverware, and whallah, a second plate of the same appetizers appeared. Er, um, we just had this course. No big deal. It happens. 

Minutes go by and here comes the appropriate second course. The plates were delivered and we all-to-late realized our silverware was not replaced. A few minutes of trying to discreetly flag someone down and then on to the eating. Salmon - yum, Sausage, pretty yum. Neither as noteworthy as expected, but so far so good. 

Next was the highly anticipated lobster gnocchi course. We didn't bother to order two different entrees, we both wanted this to ourselves. Oooooh here it comes! "Be careful these plates are hot." Oh. Wait. This is wrong. These are the selections for the next course. WHERE IS MY LOBSTER GNOCCHI? 

Hot plates removed. Hmmmm. Starting to waver between angry and sad. Lobster Gnocchi arrives. Nothing a little lobster can't fix, right?  
Well, wrong. Overcooked, tough shards of lobster...but worse, the gnocchi (black) was so overpowered with anise that we could barely get it down. It was one of the most terrible dishes I have had in ages. We were destroyed. And we eat everything. 

Oh goodie. Here come the hot plates we were served 10 minutes ago. Now it's been a good 20+ minutes under the warmer. Another warning for "extremely hot plates". I'm not sure there is ever a time for appreciating this, save for a cast-iron skillet, or ooey gooey Mexican fare that actually tastes better when all fired up. Well, it cooled a bit considering we had to wait yet again for someone to return with silverware. 

My sea bass was fine. It wasn't great. The plate didn't offer much for texture. Rice with sauteed spinach and fish. Mush and mush. Honey's veal was terrible. Tasteless, overcooked discs of mystery meat positioned next to the most horrific attempt at truffled potato gratin (the main reason he ordered the dish) we have ever been served. 

By this time we just wanted out. The service, the food, the whole night was throwing us into a funk that was so undeserved for the price and the holiday. Dessert was *shockingly* unspectacular. Two unfinished plates (and I have a mouth full of sweet teeth) were proof that the meal didn't even end well. 

So over $400 later, the joke was on us. We were so distraught we decided to call the car early and just go home. In bed by 11:45 instead of ringing in the New Year at the bar at Sassi. Enough said. 

A year ago Sassi's butternut squash ravioli haunted me. Now I wake up in cold sweats dreaming I have to endure New Year's Eve all over again.
Great
It's the closest you can get to actually eating in Italy.  It's amazing!
I love this restaurant. The atmosphere is beautiful and the food is delicious.
This place really is beautiful.  I can see why people would want to have wedding receptions here.  There are many spaces with great potential for photographs.  We happened to be in the area for the weekend so we decided to give Sassi a try.  We sat outside on the patio with a great view of the setting sun.  The temperature was around 60 degrees with a slight breeze, but there were heat lamps everywhere so my wife and I both felt warm throughout dinner.

We ordered the grilled octopus, Sassi meatballs, ricotta gnocchi, veal chop, and sea scallops.  The octopus was very tender and grilled perfectly.  The Sassi meatballs were moist and delicious.  The ricotta gnocchi was a bit tough (maybe that's the way they're supposed to be), but they were not as flavorful as the appetizers.  The veal chop had a great grilled flavor but the meat itself didn't taste like much.  It was supposed to be medium-rare, but most of it was more like medium-well until I got close to the bone, then it quickly became rare.  I guess that's what happens when you cook bone-in meat.  The scallops were wonderful, cooked just right.  I rarely have scallops at upscale restaurants that aren't cooked correctly.  I liked the arugula salad that comes with the scallops, my wife not so much so that part's a wash.

Food-wise it was hit and miss, but decor and view are unbeatable.  Service was friendly also which is important to us.  I don't live in the area so I probably won't get many chances to come back, but if I do, I would like to come back earlier in the day and get more pictures here.  It is on the expensive side so I would recommend this place for special occasions.
My husband took me here for our anniversary.  This place is beautiful! We got here a couple minutes early and went to the bar and had a couple drinks. We were then seated at our table and resented with the menu. Everything looked so delicious we had a hard time deciding. Every course was perfect and beautifully presented. the best for me was the Orecchiette con Salsiccia, past shaped like pig ears with sausage. It was soooo good.  For the main dish my husband got stuffed veal, I had to steal a couple bites :), and I got a seasonal fish, I forget what it was called. We ordered a dessert, the Baba cake, not knowing that they were going to serve us an Anniversary dessert, $9, since my husband told them our special occasion when he made the reservation. Still it was wonderful, 2 cannolis served on a plate with "Buon Anniversario" written on the plate. 

I just wish it wasn't so chilly outside because the patio looked like a lovely place to sit when the weather is right.
The Ambiance is so breathtaking it almost doesn't matter what the food or service is like so that makes Sassi is a must go to dining destination if you enjoy going out to eat .

You will want to dine on the patio so make sure you reserve a table there .

Because of the Elegant , Romantic but Casual atmosphere I almost didn't mind the white dinner napkin when I was wearing black .

We started with an Antipasti plate and seasonal Melone (honeydew) both were Fantastic . The small size Antipasti that we shared was larger than we thought it would be with higher quality meats and cheeses than i thought it would be. I did  think the small is big enough for 4 people . The Melone we had Blew me away and this became an instant must order again  I hope it can taste this good again it was so light and refreshing it was divine seasoned just right.

My husband had the house made Orecchiette with house made sausage , red peppers , rapini and pecorino he enjoyed it.

I had the special salmon but not the May special I ordered it as an entree (wild king salmon ,squash cut like fettuccine , fava beans and pistachio mint pesto) It was very good but not perfect ,the pesto needed more mint , slightly over salted and slightly underdone and was slightly too oily, I do understand medium rare but mine was rare to raw on half I was undecided about sending it back but I didn't because nobody checked on us and I was getting filled up anyway and had enough food. You will not be as picky as me and will not think the same because it was so fresh and really good quality salmon it almost didn't matter.and it was good don't get me wrong and I would have given 5 stars if my meal was spot on and service perfect.

Overall it was enjoyable I thought reasonably priced I would recommend and I'd return. I thought the server I had was not as accommodating as others I saw . this was close to a five .
This is a review that I almost don't want to write. Sassi is a beautiful place, and we had such hopeful expectations for it. But for our party of twelve, on a "Restaurant Week" Saturday evening, Sassi was a  disappointment  and we are all in agreement.
We arrived at 7:30 and the place was nearly empty. That in itself is ominous on a Saturday night. We are brought to an empty room with a long large table and ask for a round table. Hey, we are all friends and want to be in on the conversation. The answer is no. Simply no. You will have to eat here. The room is very warm, can it be cooled down a bit? It never got cooler.  We are seated and yelling across the table in order to converse with one another and then something very weird happens. There is a woman attempting to sing into a microphone, somewhere, and it is blasting out of speakers above our heads. No music mind you. Just this loud, over modulated voice blaring from the speakers. Make it stop. Please make it stop. Our first two requests were ignored but when my wife told the waitress that she would not order food until it stopped, the manager finally put an end to our torture and assured us that it would not happen again. 

There is a special wine list with a $29 section and a more expensive list. At the truly excellent Becco, in the Manhatten Theatre District, they have something similar. But there, the wait staff know the selections, and can help you narrow down the choices. No such luck at Sassi. The waitress knows nothing about anything. OK. Fine. I'll go with the Nero D'Avola. I  assume it will be a safe choice. Of course, I find out much later that it is out of stock. They allegedly have a wine steward, but he never shows, so I make a random pick. 

You all know the drill for restaurant week. Fixed price, three courses, three selections in each category. The appetizers arrive and are served randomly to the twelve of us who proceed to play musical appetizers until everything is settled. The food is good but not great. My eggplant is especially good as is the salad and the bruschetta.   For the main course I had a seafood combination, served cioppino.
It was a little nondescript but the seafood was prepared well and the portion was generous. Those having the braised short ribs, commended the texture but not the taste. One person ordered fettuccine which came out very, very late from the kitchen and I'm told, was awful. 
The cold and soggy focaccia, brought to the table in generous amounts, was still around at the end of the meal when I would have liked to dip a little in the  cioppino. This was not to be. Even though I asked the waitress not to take my plate away, when I turned my head  during conversation, it was whisked  away. 

Why? Why induce new, potential regulars to your restaurant and then treat them so apathetically?  Could the built in gratuity be the culprit? Is this a once fine restaurant now on its last legs and ready to close? Who knows? Who cares? There is a bunch of us who made our first trip to Sassi, our last one.
Best romantic place for dinner ..Location Location  and views are to die for. Would recommend highly
Simply a bad place. Owner has no clue. Very aloff.
I love this place, the food, ambiance and friendly staff...did I say ambiance...oh so beautiful, If I was was going to get married again, it would be there! but he better be making bank or it till be at the buffalo chip instead..haha j/k,  The hilight of my meal was the ocotopus appetizer..OMG I would have had 4 of those instead of an Entree' SUPURB Daling as Zsa Zsa would say, btw, I do feel a but Green Acres out here just coming from LA..  I love it here for sure ! when youre in love the whole world is delicious, Its so true ! xxxx
As I said before the atmosphere here is so breathtaking the rest almost doesn't matter and they also have one of the best patios anywhere for outside dining .

The bread basket is excellent with variety and you have high quality olive oil to use .

We ordered the antipasto again and now I believe my server LAST TIME gave us the wrong one ( the one for four people last time) because this one was much smaller and maybe less variety BUT STILL GOOD and ENOUGH .

Both dinners were cooked to perfection , we had Veal Osso Buco over polenta and very light and delicious Branzino that came with roasted broccoli and a roasted lemon . The broccoli was a whole top that was roasted and had crisp ends but not burnt , sort of nutty tasting it was the very best broccoli I ever had out . 

Service was off the charts as good as can be and like last time they called the next day to discuss how they did .

They participate in the preferred restaurants card program and one dinner was free .
They did add 20% gratuity because of the preferred card but I had no problem with that since everything was excellent . 

Everything really was great I highly recommend .
Definitely a fan. How can you not be?

Great ambiance and food! Yes, the food is expensive but worth it. (Your whole evening will, I promise, be much cheaper than a trip to Italy, but you'll feel like you're in another country.)

We treated the dad and sister to a Christmas dinner at Sassi on a Friday night and had impeccable service and a great time sharing "family style". All main courses are exquisitely prepared - you have to try the seasonal fish on the menu - and the starters are unique and tasty.

I recommend dinner for special occasions and drinks for when you want to get away to Italy but can only get to Pinnacle Peak and Alma School.
This is a very poorly run place. Go anywherr but here... High prices,average food poorservice
Stunning place, impeccably clean, staff is very attentive.. service was excellent.. food delicious enough to dream about and the beautiful live smooth jazz in the bar area was the perfect ending to our wonderful evening.

We will be back again soon!
My wife and I went for Valentine's Day and were VERY impressed.  The restaurant's landscape design, interior, exterior and service were nearly flawless. The food was very good. A great amount of detail went into making sure customers were a part of a uniquely elegant and comfortable experience. I HIGHLY recommend it to all in the area, and to those that plan on visiting. It'll be well worth the visit!
Really glad we gave Sassi a second chance after being unimpressed the first time.  This time we were seated promptly, at a table type we requested.  The service was great and food wonderful.  The Gorgonzola fondue was amazing as was the veal risotto (stated as a first course but definately big enough for a meal.  Only complaint was that for dear Hubby the beer list is woefully small.  Other than that a very nice romantic and satisfying dinner.
There were 6 of us, and our dining experience was excellent!   

With reservations at 6pm (Feb. 24, 2012), we were seated on the patio facing southwest, so the setting Sun gave us a very pleasant show with Pinnacle Peak standing tall beside it.  The air grew chilly quickly after sunset, but the patio has numerous adjustable propane/gas towers, and our waiter promptly adjusted one nearby to keep us cozy.  Though it was a Friday evening with a wedding reception going on below us, the noise level was not noticeable, and we spoke to each other comfortably as if we were in someone's living room.  

We started with cocktails and wine, and shared various appetizers: risotto (very good), eggplant baked in a marinara sauce (also very good), and "fingerling" potatoes which seemed to be enjoyed by others but had a strange spice which I did not care for.  As for entrees, we had two orders of grouper, two orders of sea bass, one of halibut, and one of veal chops.  The fish dishes were prepared perfectly and did not have a "fishy" taste.  The veal dish was also superbly prepared, as everyone voiced pleasure with their entrees.  

For dessert, some of us only had coffee, but three of us had profiteroles (a trio of small cream puffs filled with a sampling of different ice creams: vanilla, chocolate, and amaretto - very pleasant).   Service was excellent. For the 6 of us, the total was under $500 including drinks and taxes (but excluding tip).  What can I say?  I wouldn't know how to script a more delightful dinner anywhere.
I would probably rate Sassi 3.5 stars if possible but there were a few nice touches with our meal tonight and it is very inexpensive so they won the .5.

The appetizers were really good, fried squash blossoms were delicious (I wish the parmesan was grated fresh), buffala mozzarella was incredible with wonderful red tomatoes and less wonderful green tomatoes (needed a knife to cut).  Bread basket wasn't bad and they give you a nice olive oil for dipping.

Gnocchi had a great consistency but was kind of bland (again, fresh parmesan would have been better), husband enjoyed the baked rigatoni but thinks they could probably get their fifth AAA diamond if they didn't burn the top of the macaroni.  Pasta portions were just right in my opinion but you should ask if you're expecting a trough.

Nice selection of Italian wines.

Service was spotty.  There was no rhyme or reason behind when the kid would show up, we poured our own wine after it was decanted, bread basket showed up right before the appetizer, kid was embarrassed by the up sell he must have been forced to try on us which just created an awkward few moments for all involved.  Sommelier was very helpful and we enjoyed his recommendation.

Driving up I almost wanted to turn around.  The strip mall in the far side of the parking lot is "old west cheesy" and it became clear to me that Sassi probably does really well as a catering hall by walking through the enormous parking lot and touristy front courtyard.

Pretty nice interior - different indoor and outdoor seating to choose from and some views from both.  Wood paneling, big leather chairs, a very nice wine room - someone decorated this place well.

If you went to a wedding reception here you would declare it sensational, if you had dinner here you would declare it the perfect place to take your grandparents when they are in town.
I went to one of the most romantic, delicious dinners in the Valley ever at Sassi in north Scottsdale. The restaurant is a replica of a Tuscan villa, and though I've never been to Italy, the relaxed atmosphere during the multi-course meal reminded me of places I've been in Marid.

The huge space has several fire place-filled dining rooms, and there's also a gorgeous, gigantic patio which overlooks Pinnacle Peak. It's no wonder it's a hot spot for wedding rehearsal dinners, and the venue even hosts weddings, too.

Besides the magnificent meal, I loved Sassi for its excellent service. I never felt rushed, the servers and front-of-house staff were knowledgable and respectful and the atmosphere was ultra-classy.

I'm sure it's also spectacular to eat there at sunset with a view of the mountains.
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in AZ.  The location, the view, the wonderful staff and the fantastic food all combine for a delightful experience.
If I could give 10 stars for an awe-inspiring location and absolutely gorgeous venue I would. The 35 minute drive from Phoenix to Pinnacle Peak transports you from the city to an old-world Italian villa 10,000 miles away.

Upon arrival you are greeted by a stone courtyard with a trickling fountain smack dab in the middle.beyond the fountain you make your way down the walkway and enter through a large wooden door. Beside an inviting bar and lounge are several rooms lit by soft candle light in which you can enjoy your meal.

I started with grilled octopus which was delicious. I followed this by splitting the pasta with sausage and peppers. For my main I enjoyed a New York steak. This was accompanied by a bottle of chianti.

The food, while great, was a little underwhelming (except the octopus which was great) My New York was coated with a flavorful rub but the rub actually overpowered the flavor of the meat which was disappointing. My steak was also a little more fatty than I am accustomed to in a New York. However the meat was VERY moist and rich so I understand how the marbling is important if this is how you enjoy your meat. However it was a little too rich and fatty for me.

Also if you go with an appetizer and a first course you may find yourself too full for your main which is what happened to me. So the meal overall did not stack up to the atmosphere.

This would not stop me from coming back again however or for recommending it for a special occasion, There are lots of items on the menu so I would be eager to come back again and see what else I can enjoy. The menu is very thoughtfully prepared and the service is top notch so I'm bound to love something there I'm sure.
I have eaten twice before at Sassi and was so pleased with the service and food.  It is pricey but a nice treat.  Last night we took a friend for a special dinner and were frankly shocked at the drop in quality.  The green salad was soaked in dressing and almost inedible.  The bread came to the table chilled as if it had just been taken from the refrigerator.  Our pasta had obviously sat waiting for a while before being brought to our table.  The manager, who seems excellent otherwise, actually was the one to bring us our food.  Frankly, felt the quality no longer justifies the price and we won't go back.
4.5 stars, everything was absolutely spectacular including the service... except the booze. Try the caprese it's $20 but u can split with 4 people as a starter. Also the orechetta with sausage is to die for; the mushroom risotto is well prepared and both are quite rich so you will need to come up for air. The focaccia and olive bread served with EVOO is perfection also.

My general opinion on Italian food is that it's hard to screw up pasta, so why should it be pricey. Sassi proved me wrong, I was thoroughly impressed. Worth the price tag.
If you want to give a "most improved" award, I vote for Sassi. Over the years I have had meals that at best were so-so. However, for the past year or so, their food and service has improved immensely. On our last two trips we ate in the bar, and were overjoyed with the food and service. During the summer they had a simple pasta and beans special that was sensational. I hope the chef brings it back as an everyday item. Their calamari is served differently than most restauarant, and that's probably why it looks and tastes so great! It is a beautiful restaurant, and now that the problem with food and service has been corrected, we will be regulars!
This was our third visit to Sassi and it was as picturesque as ever. The setting is spectacular. Sadly you cannot give a restaurant review based solely on atmosphere. The appetizers were very tasty. Caprese, meat and cheese plate, warm olives (best thing ever!) and one more but I can't think of what it was. For dinner we had carbonara, halibut, short rib ragu, and something else. The pasta was ok, not what I was hoping for but it was still ok. The short rib was very good. The halibut was terrible. Cooked in a bag with cauliflower and extreme amounts of lemon I heard its one of their specialties but none of our group was able to eat it. The dessert was ok. The service was professional.
We had family visiting for the holidays and took them to Sassi for dinner.  We ordered a bunch of different dishes and I must say, almost everything was great.  

The risotto was a big hit as were the olives, cheese plate (I actually came home and ordered a wheel of the midnight moon cheese it was so good), raviolo, lamb, mussels, scallops, roasted root veggies, short rib and pear butter cake.  The only complaints I heard from the table were about the sea bass (not much flavor) and that the short rib was a little fatty.

My complaints are: The buffalo mozzarella salad did not taste like buffalo mozzarella.  It tasted like a very cold and very firm fresh regular cow's milk mozzarella (and not a very good one at that), the red tomato slices on the plate were rock hard.  The bread basket had a few slices of  Italian bread - good bread but I'd like to see something a little better, some variety would be nice. I'd also like a pepper grinder on the table for the olive oil.  The service was not great - it was slow, the kid was lost at times, the wrong food was dropped off at our table, and we had to get the check early because our server seemed to evaporate as the meal progressed.

I guess I feel this way about Sassi, it's cheap, the ambiance is fantastic, and the food is mostly very good.  I wouldn't take friends that are accustomed to fine dining here but it's a pretty solid spot.  I still say it's more of a 3.5 than a 4.
Granted this could be an unusual, once a year experience, but my girlfriend and I went there for New Year's Eve, and we felt as if we had been held up at gunpoint, and forced to pay for their insanely small portions. Okay, we both have a few food allergist's and gluten. But considering their normal menu had many options, we felt confident it would work out. To our dismay, they had the most limited prix fixe menu I have ever seen in my long life. Basically one starter, one second course, and the choice of three items for the third course. We explained to our insanely friendly waitress (the one who would now pass by our table every three minutes with a nervous smile on her face and ask us how we were doing, until we lived in dread for her next pass by) our food allergies. She seemed taken aback. Twenty minutes later she explained the chef would do something special for us. Special indeed. We had sat down at 9:10pm. Our first glimmer of food on the table came over an hour later. The chef had concocted some very strange food balls as a first course, which she tried to describe as chickpea fritatas, but really looked like something you threw together in your first college apartment. The waitress kept passing by even more often to make sure we were enamored of these "balls," which forced my girlfriend to eat most of them, to get her off our back. She even made me eat one and they were strange tasting to say the least--more like glue balls. As we waited and waited we saw people who had come in after us already getting their desserts. Then finally came the salad, a very normal but very small salad. What made the chef take almost an hour and a half to present us with this extremely average salad? Now, the courses came at us fast and furious. A risotto dish that was the size of something you would put on your toothbrush. Risotto dishes are generally hearty affairs, a peasant like dish. This portion could not feed a grasshopper. Then came the main dishes. To replace the creamy cheesy side dishes on the highly restricted prix fixe, the imaginative chef had come up with white beans, on both main courses. No other vegetables or starch. The portions were yet again fit for tiny mammals, and the food was not hot. When it was time for dessert (at which point I was dreaming of the crackers and almond butter in my hotel room), the creepy stalking waitress informed us that they did not have fruit (our request) because they did not carry fruit in the kitchen, as they only carried things in season. It seems that no fruits are in season at this time of year, a surprise to both of us. She brought us some sorbet which was surprisingly good, but yet again of ant-like proportions. The greatest surprise came however with the bill. As no prices were on the menu, we were subject to rampant speculation as to the price. We feared the worst and were not disappointed--$135 each, plus a 20% tip already included, all totaling close to $400 for this wretchedly mediocre, extremely late and unimaginative prix fixe "feast." The rice crackers in my hotel room never tasted so good. Perhaps it was a once year anomaly, but be forewarned. It should not be called Sassi's but Sucky's.
My boyfriend and I booked a reservation at the Four Seasons and forgot to make a reservation for dinner for New Year's Eve, so all of their tables were booked. We asked the concierge for dinner recommendations, and she recommended Sassi's, so we went ahead and booked after looking online at the menu and positive reviews. 

We were not able to get a reservation until 9:00, but when we arrived the restaurant was mostly empty. When we got our menus, we were dismayed to see that it was a prix fixe menu that included items we can't eat because we don't eat gluten and dairy (almost every course included some sort of cream or gluten, such as a butternut squash panna cotta, cheesy polenta, bruschetta, etc, whereas their regular menu did not). So when our waitress came we told her that we don't eat gluten and dairy, and asked if they could leave the cheese off the polenta and maybe just give us a salad instead of the panna cotta. She told us that she wanted our evening to be stellar, and that the chef would specially prepare dishes for us. So we felt extremely lucky that the chef would do that for us, and waited in hungry anticipation while other tables munched on their bread and bruschetta, wondering what would miraculously appear.

A few minutes go by, and the waitress comes by and asks how we're doing. We say fine. A few minutes later, the same ritual. This goes on and on and on. My boyfriend jokes that his mouth hurts from having to smile every five minutes and pretend that we're so happy for getting this special meal made for us, when actually he's starving and feeling sick from the lack of food. More time goes by. The waitress comes by and explains that since the chef is preparing not one but two special dishes for us, our food will come out later than other peoples' food. We smile ingratiatingly and say yes, thank you so much. We continue to stare at other people eating their first course, their second course, their third course. After about an hour and fifteen minutes, we're really sad. Our plastered smiles have turned into grimaces, and the next time the waitress comes by we whine at her. "Can't you bring us SOMETHING? Some olives, some nuts?" we plead sadly. She tells us that she is aware of the situation, that she has been watching and seen that no food has been brought to us, and that from this moment on the evening will be turned around for us. It's 10:30 by now, and we have gone through hunger to a state in which we are almost not hungry anymore but just feel sick. 

About two minutes later, she appears with a plate of fried balls, telling us with great relish that the chef has prepared these chick pea fritters for us. My boyfriend eyes the fried balls suspiciously. "Do you trust these?" he asks anxiously. "Don't they look breaded?" "No, they're fine," I insist. So we each took a bite. He practically spit his out. "Something's not right," he said. "It's not that bad, really," I said. I wanted him to eat something because he was so starving, but he was like a cat with a dish of the wrong catfood placed in front of him. To tell the truth, they really were horrible, and plus they were not even hot and I suspect they were leftovers. A few minutes later the waitress passed by and eyed the plate of uneaten fried balls. I ate one more to make it look like we liked them. She passed by several more times, each time surreptitiously sneaking a glance at the plate of neglected balls. I forced myself to eat one more. A few minutes later and we each got a tiny salad consisting of a couple of slices of hard tomato, some hazelnuts and pomegranate seeds, a vinaigrette, and some shaved bits of curly lettuce. Utterly tasteless.  Now my boyfriend started to get angry. "Why did it take them an hour and a half to come up with this totally unremarkable salad?" he said with a choke in his voice. He is a salad eater, and gets emotional about bad salads. 

After that the dishes came in quick succession: about THREE OUNCES of a decent mushroom risotto, and then the entrees. One was a horrible veal thing which consisted of two slices of a cold, white, chewy, tasteless mystery meat over equally tasteless white beans along with a little chunk of veal cheek stew which was okay but also cold. The other entree was one miniscule and very bland quail which was at least served hot, over the same white beans. We almost could not eat the veal and the beans, and left half the beans although we had so far received only a few ounces of food. For dessert we requested just fruit, but she said they didn't have fruit "because we only have fruits in season," and instead brought us sorbet. We didn't want sugar but the sorbet was decent. 

No prices on the menu - then the bill came. Almost $400, with only one glass of wine and a Pellegrino. That was the worst expensive meal we've ever had. The other diners didn't look too happy either. They would have been starving as well, if not for the bread, which they devoured like wild animals.
Not Impressed!  Told they were out of draft beer, then it was available.
Food just OK for the price.  Side order arrived after our dinners were finished!  We ate at the bar and thought it was tacky that the employees
Joined us at the bar for their staff dinners.  For a high end restaurant , the staff should not dine with the customers.
$325 Valentines Day Disaster! This was supposed to be a special occasion, not just Valentines, but my wife's 50th birthday, a total disaster. 20 min to get waited on, 15 more minutes to get drinks, 1 1/2 hrs to get appetizer and over 2 more hrs to get the rest of the meal which was only 4 courses total. And we took our deserts to go or we might have been there 3 1/2 hrs. When we complained to the Manager Dan, he blamed the kitchen. He came over later, made small talk and offered us a free app next time we come in. Wow! How generous. How about tonight we asked and he said he couldn't do anything. What an insult. We have been coming here for 9 yrs and this is how we're treated? They even ignored my wife's b'day. Incompetent management, clueless owner.

I tried to post this review on Open Table but they refused to post it because it supposedly didn't meet their guidelines. Open Table gets paid by these restaurants so beware of all the positive reviews you read there. They don't seem to censor the positive reviews.
Amazing.  Food was exceptional, the service fantastic, atmosphere just right.  A great place to take a date, where you can relax at one of the many tables indoors or enjoy the night sky out on the patio.  I had the dish with wild boar (I can't remember the name of it in Italian) it was superb!  The menu was very extensive and had everything, ranging from mussels to grass fed beef and even vegetarian options.  Our waitress also told us that the chefs try to buy locally as much as possible, which is a huge plus for me.  

The restaurant is very expensive so make sure you go with an open mind and an open wallet.
We got married at Sassi in November 2012 and it was the best experience!  The staff was very helpful and knew exactly what they were doing.  The setting of this restauant/event center is as beautiful as it gets....overlooking the entire city and set in the perfect desert landscape snuggled up to Pinnacle Peak.  This is the best setting for a romantic night or entertaining friends/family.  - - And the food is absolutely to die for!  We still get complements on the wedding dinner!  Thanks Sassi!!!
Not Impressed!  Told they were out of draft beer, then it was available.
Food just OK for the price.  Side order arrived after our dinners were finished!  We ate at the bar and thought it was tacky that the employees
Joined us at the bar for their staff dinners.  For a high end restaurant , the staff should not dine with the customers.
We dined at Sassi again last night.  Food again was just OK.  The bartender said she didn't know anything about wines as she doesn't 
drink.  That is OK but she should be wine aware.  The management staff
Did not eat at the bar but in the lounge with other patrons again and one of them spent the rest of the night texting etc. at the bar with us. After my last yelp the management wrote me that the staff dining, sitting with customers was not acceptable.  They apparently did not get the message.  If the food was better we would probably ignore the management's  lack of control over their staff.  5/19/13
PS: also out of draft beer again tonight.
5/22/13

Placed my reservation through OpenTable a few days beforehand.  I arrived around 45 minutes earlier than my other table mates, so I used some of the time to check with the kitchen to see if the selections I'd wanted to try off of the RW menu would be allergen-free (for me).  It seemed like I would have some trouble with the dessert menu (I'd wanted the cannoli, but that was ruled out), but after conferring with the kitchen, the hostess said that the gelati and sorbetti were safe.  This initially anticlimactic for me, but boy, was I in for a surprise!  

As I was making my way through the courtyard (boy, this property was HUGE) looking for the source of people conversing and laughing, I decided I'd let my friends know I was waiting for them, but they snuck up on me and was at my side before I finished clicking "send."  Turns out the large group of people ahead of us was part of a wedding reception, so we quickly tried to find our way to the host's stand somewhere inside the cavernous restaurant.  My friends asked me if this was a resort, and I told them that I only knew it to be a restaurant.  (On our way to our table, I posed the question to the host, to which he replied that Sassi was only a restaurant, albeit one that also held many banquets.)  We were the first ones seated at one of the rooms that had patio dining overlooking gorgeous views, including Pinnacle Peak.  We each were handed wine and dinner menus, but only one RW menu, so I asked for another.  

Since I knew I was going to order the panna cotta app and the tagliatelle as my main, I decided to go with a glass of Arneis ($13).  My two friends ordered glasses of Barbaresco ($17 each).  I enjoyed my glass of white-- vanilla-scented, not too dry, and I loved the apricot and pear notes.  (I need to locate a bottle, or two, to have some at home.)  This glass held well through the app and main, as well as dessert, but I'm getting ahead of myself...  My table mates decided they'd try the other apps and entrees featured on the RW menu, so that we may all get to sample everyone's plates.

The Parmigiano and roasted garlic panna cotta app was lovely! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=5gIYqKU2DqAaD7cihhacxQ#5gIYqKU2DqAaD7cihhacxQ  I've had panna cotta before, so I'd expected something much lighter, more gelatinous; This was akin to a cheese spread- dense, creamy, yet slightly crumbly.  While I loved the garlicky crostino, I found it heavily dressed.  A lighter hand with the parmigiano would've sufficed.  Still, I enjoyed the app immensely!  The house made tagliatelle, with artichoke pesto and fava beans, dusted with pecorino cheese, was one of the best pasta dishes I've ever tasted! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=rim0X5ASqEnkKycpVFFLyQ#rim0X5ASqEnkKycpVFFLyQ  Exquisite in its presentation, temperature wasn't too hot, buttery, and yes, rich, but not too much so that I couldn't finish it.  In fact, I exercised restraint, only so that I could also enjoy the chocolate and vanilla gelati and apricot sorbetto for dessert (choice of three scoops). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=ndq8cYqhNck6u0vPP3I10Q#ndq8cYqhNck6u0vPP3I10Q  My fave was the apricot-- tasted so fresh and crisp; AMAZING apricot flavor!  The gelati felt too heavy in comparison, and quite frankly, a tad boring.  My three scoops of dessert at my next visit to Sassi will definitely be all sorbetti!

These are what my friends ordered:
Sicilian Eggplant Cakes- currants, pine nuts, tomato sauce http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=aGQ1AwONWhUfk_jYf2EMPA#aGQ1AwONWhUfk_jYf2EMPA 
Wood grilled gamberoni- shrimp, cannellini bean, salsa verde http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=677LodS4kNmQGhKKzfS6zQ#677LodS4kNmQGhKKzfS6zQ 
Cannoli http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=M-JKlnyXUcE07PUbMw3BNg#M-JKlnyXUcE07PUbMw3BNg
Farro salad- goat cheese, mint, red onion, cucumber, pistachio, and red wine vinaigrette http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=5SnOMLIBQhSq1oWkAKxZVQ#5SnOMLIBQhSq1oWkAKxZVQ  (Tried this, in spite of pistachio allergy and liked it a lot!  Would've had more, but I spotted cukes in there, too.)
Beef short rib- red wine-braised, porcini, citrus herb gremolata http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=4R8m8Iti3apMfmDsG73Icg#4R8m8Iti3apMfmDsG73Icg 
Semifreddo, with fresh berries and balsamic vinegar http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=fI2Sl74-spyxAnG27V2Wnw#fI2Sl74-spyxAnG27V2Wnw  (Tried the semifreddo only and found it creamy, yet muted in flavor.  The chill factor was also not very pronounced.  I really preferred my dessert!)

If you decide to go, you MUST get the Wood grilled octopus!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=xbSzBL18HlU4r6nwDrKx4Q#xbSzBL18HlU4r6nwDrKx4Q  It's the best octopus preparation I've ever experienced!

I'll be back!
My boyfriend took me here the other night for dinner and we'll definitely be back.  Not only was the food amazing, our waiter was wonderful. He paid attention to small details and even conversed with my boyfriend in Italian making it feel more like home. Next, time I hope we can sit on the patio at sunset to enjoy the view.
Between Sassi and very few other restaurants in AZ that I won't plug now, the bar is set so high.  Sassi is class, food, and ambiance at its highest.  The location itself, set as an Italian Farm House in Pinnacle Peak is just priceless and beautiful.  The food....I strongly just doing a tasting course (cheaper in the summer)...is just phenomenal.  I would go here time and time again it finances allowed.  Sassi is an incredible treasure.
What a wonderful experience. From the food, to the wine, to the service, everything was perfect. I can't recommend Sassi highly enough, especially for special occasions. The summer three course menu is a phenomenal value and the wine list contains some of the best wines I know.
I went here for a wedding a few months ago and the food was some of the best "wedding food" I've ever had.  The staff was excellent and grounds beautiful so when my anniversary rolled around I knew where I wanted to go.  

I made my reservations well in advance and without a hitch.  They called a day or so prior just to confirm which was nice.  My wife and I arrived about 30 mins prior to our reservation to grab a cocktail at the bar.  The bar (and the entire place in general) is very nice and comfortable.  The drinks were good but a bit pricey which was to be expected.  The bar service was very good.  For some reason our server asked if we had reservations for dinner.  I thought she was asking because they were going to transfer our bar tab to our dinner tab to make it a smooth transition.  This was not the case because we were handed a check when we finished our drinks.  It is still a mystery why she asked for the name our reservation was under.

After our drinks we were directed to our table.  We were given a not-so-good table against the wall in a crowded dining room.  It was not ideal but I didn't complain.  We waited there about 10 minutes without bread, water, or acknowledgement by a waiter.  When our waiter finally did arrive we could tell that he was clearly frazzled.  This poor guy had far too many tables to take care of and was like cartoon Speedy Gonzales on cocaine.  The guy would have been awesome if he could have calmed down, but it didn't happen.  I felt like I was in a timeshare presentation.  Before I knew it I was being sold something and didn't really have time to process what was happening.  Luckily there aren't and bad menu selections so I knew whatever I chose would be excellent so I wasn't too worried.  I just wish we could have been more relaxed.
Beautiful restaurant with an exceptional menu.  Great summer specials.  A little hot inside.  The temperature is set for Phoenicians who are acclimated to the heat.
Very nice restaurant! The decor was very comfortable. Staff was awesome. They did a great job and you never knew they were there. Octopus and Caprese to start. Both out of this world. I had orechetti that was fabulous. Wife tried ricotta gnocchi. I loved it and she liked it but found it a little rich. Cannoli's awesome as well. I would have went 5 stars if not for one thing.
Hostess takes us to our table and we walk directly outside and not asked if it was ok or not. I went with it because it was a nice patio area and it didn't feel too hot. By the end of our meal I was hotter than s&/t and watched other people around us fight off bugs the size of black birds. I will never sit outside again! If I would have spoke up and asked to stay inside we would have had a perfect evening.
Love! Love!  Love!
As we were driving ti this restaurant from Tempe, I had No Idea where we were. It was dark, random roads up in pinnacle peak and wondering where in the world is my husband taking us for our anniversary. Once we got there, i loved the feel of the restaurant. Felt so romantic with a lights of the phoenix city lights. 

We were seated with a fabulous server who explained the menu items perfectly! We had the signature octopus that was delicately grilled and so tender. Then the ricotta gnocchi that just melted in my mouth. I then had the yellowfin tuna with had some Heat! Yowzer! My husband had the scallops that were cooked perfectly. The dessert was awesome too! Pear brown cake was SO GOOD!!!! I wish I could go back right now. Definitely recommend even with the long drive.
@quinterogolf Sassi has the most wonderful patio dining.  Enjoy this awesome weather!  Be sure to have the caprese salad.  The mozzarella is the best in town!
Not Impressed!  Told they were out of draft beer, then it was available.
Food just OK for the price.  Side order arrived after our dinners were finished!  We ate at the bar and thought it was tacky that the employees
Joined us at the bar for their staff dinners.  For a high end restaurant , the staff should not dine with the customers.  Came again in Nov 13. The veal chop was excellent except the rub on it made it almost inedible.  Get a chef who can do real. High end Italian food.  A 38 $ veal chop should not be over powered  by a nasty crust.
By the way, the staff ate in the bar room again tonight.  Tacky again!
It is always re-assuring to have consistent service, wine choices, and especially food at this restaurant.  We only take good friends there to share the experience.  From the greeting at the door to the service from the valet, everything was most enjoyable. Our guests were impressed as well.  The black sea bass was perfectly seasoned and prepared.  Keep it folks.
Very romantic, quiet locale for a nice date night.  Great service and tasty food
Really nice atmosphere. Mostly good food. Eh on the service. Caprese and scallops vet excellent. Carbonara was good. Mussels, not so much. Don't clear the table I'd someone at it is still eating. And someone needs to tell them lemoncello shouldn't double as paint thinner. I can check it off the list as having been.
Great Ambiance!  We started off with the Prosciutto di Parma which was great.  We had the Pan Seared Sea Scallops and Orecchiette and they were delicious. For dessert I enjoyed the Gianduja Mousse.  OH MY NUTELLA!  Which was a hazelnut and milk chocolate mousse, nutella gelato.  It was to a memorable experience all together.  I can see why folks have their corporate events and wedding receptions here.  It is a beautiful facility.  The staff and Manager is super friendly and checked in on us which was nice.  I look forward to going back.
My wife and I celebrated our 10th anniversary here and everything was perfect.  I had flowers delivered prior and they were all set up.  The staff was highly attentive and have us 1st class treatment. The atmosphere was perfectly romantic and we had a great time.  The sausage orecchiette was amazing.  Only wish they had a broader beer selection as I don't drink wine.
I come here 2 to 3 times a year for special occasions and enjoy it every time.  

The braised short rib is amazing.  I lover Chelsea's Kitchen braised short ribs too but Sassi's are even better.  Can't wait to go back.
I recently attended a wedding at Sassi. The venue was beautiful and the food was excellent. I would recommend this venue to anyone looking to get married in the Scottsdale area.
A little far out there, but worth the drive.  The restaurant gives you the feel of Old World Italian.  Fountains, walkways, and courtyards makes the place a very unique Scottsdale restaurant.  The food is wonderful and the service is spot on.  I will definitely be back.
I went here for a wedding reception and the German food here was amazing. I'm not sure if it was the wedding planner who arranged it but the food was tasty and plentiful. I have never been to a wedding that had so much food. I was afraid I wouldn't fit my dress by the end of the night. The interior is also very warm and welcoming. The ceiling lights are quite pretty. This is a great space for good sized event.
Sunday brunch buffet is AMAZING!
I was here for dinner at the Schenke Restaurant in the basement during Oktoberfest. The decor and furniture though not fancy is authentic and has a German feel to it. The servers and staff were in dirndl dresses and were very polite and warm. The buffet hall had pretty good service and the food although had very limited variety was delicious. The pork schnitzel was tender on the inside and crispy outside. The sausages were to die for. The constant flow of beer was personally appreciated and I enjoyed the apple strudel for desert was perfect. And we got a surprise shot of schnapps at the end of it all. A good experience although I am not sure if I'll make this a regular thing.
My friend took me here for dinner on Saturday and I was absolutely blown away.

The Concordia House is a German Beer Hall and basically looks exactly the way you would expect: dark wood, crests aplenty and all sort of stuff painted on the walls. Plus, the servers wear dirndls!!! 

We were seated by an elderly German man (I think the owner) who told us that we should both sit facing the middle of the room, so that we can watch the dancers. Apparently, they have a live band on Saturday nights and people dance! I am SO EXCITED at this point. 

It only gets better. I order a pint of beer and instead, am served 0.5L of beer! Metric beer! 

My friend orders the chicken schnitzel, and I order the Concordia Platter: 1 small schnitzel, 1 smoked pork chop, 1 Oktoberfest sausage, dumplings (basically stuffing in gravy) and sauerkraut. I drove 2 hours through a snowstorm to get there. I was leaving there hungry.

The meal was good, not the BEST I've ever had, but definitely very tasty. The schnitzel was great as was the sausage. My dining partner was very happy with her chicken schnitzel, which was basically took up half the dinner plate.

For dessert, we split an apple strudel, which was homemade, but not quite sweet enough. 

During dessert, we were treated to a two man band featuring a guy on drums and a guy on the accordion and keyboard, as well as a bunch of seniors ballroom dancing across the floor. It was pretty spectacular.

This place gets 3.5 stars for food, 3 stars for service and a billion stars for atmosphere. I will definitely be back, and with friends!
Went to their dinner buffet one night. The variety of food offered was actually quite good, although the salad bar could've been better. 
I tried almost everything and the Schnitzel was my absolute favorite. I probably had 3+ pieces. The red soup (I'm not sure what it's called) is also recommended, since it was a bit sour and totally worked up my appetite. Same with the sauerkraut.  I had apple strudel for dessert. Mmm...very enjoyable food and atmosphere. Loved it.
was in town on a biz trip and our partner took me here for lunch.

the beer was great.

the food is all right. i ordered their suasage with curry and it was ok. also ordered a side of their fried liver; it was also just ok.

i'm a hugh fan of suasages, other than that do not know much about german cuisine. gave it a 3 star for that reason.

this place is very popular during october for their 'october fest' tho.
Upon rolling up to this place you will notice plenty of parking unless it has some sort of venue going on such as Octoberfest etc.

We were greeted by a very friendly female hostess, who sat us around the middle section of what was like a banquet hall. I observed a dance floor and a bar that could accomodate a decent sized wedding or festival. 

I chose to eat rouladin which is like a very fine steak with a pickle rolled up in the middle of it. I had some sourkrout on the side and shpehtcel(spelling here?) it was like little pasta. I must say the meal was very nice if you like German food, which I do. The guests who attended with me ate Snitchel(spelling here) and they also ejoyed their meals.

This resturant offers soup of the day which can be anything from cream of brocolli soup to French onion... or even Goulash soup. 

There are plenty of types of bread offered before and during the meal.

Prices were great. Six of us ate for about $100.00 plus tips.

No alcohol... I dont think.... LOL.
Great mix of comfort Germanstrudelporkhocken and bier on tap.  The servings are generous and served by friendly staff in traditional Bavarian attire.  We would go again to try the other menu items.

If I was from Bavaria, I'd would feel comfortable in my lederhosen ... Bier in hand
Concordia Club definitely worth the drive if you are looking for authentic German food in the area. 

Everything here is house made including their dessert. Dessert is just so good.

We shared:

Goulash Soup ($6.75)

Concordia Platter ($18.50) smoked pork chop, small Schnitzel, German bratwurst, dumpling and fine German sauerkraut

Rote Grutze ($6.25) red berries cooked with rum, & served with fresh cream - The first time I tried and I am a FAN!

Black Forest Torte ($6.25) to Go!

There is also some selection of German beers on draft.

Seems like a fun place for Oktoberfest!
The Hub is a well established events venue, which is owned by the Edinburgh International Festival, and also includes a cafe, called Cafe Hub (keeping it real) and a ticket office. The Hub is housed in a really striking renovated church building near the top of the Royal Mile, and is a pretty clear landmark for anyone trying to navigate their way around the Old Town.

I've been to the Assembly Hall upstairs in the Hub, plus another one of the smaller rooms for an arts event, and they both provided a pleasant atmosphere for socialising and relaxing. The interior of the Hub is bright and modern, in contrast to the gothic exterior of the building. The cafe comes well recommended, with its selection of hearty breakfast and lunch options, all at inexpensive prices.
The Hub is a venue owned and run by the International Festival, right in the heart of Edinburgh. Converted from a beautiful church, this main festival venue, which can be hired out for functions, also contains a large cafe restaurant. The beautiful church facade is unfortunately a little let down by the modern interior.

I've been to the Hub cafe a few times to meet people for coffee or lunch on businessy sort of meetings. Its a fantastic location, right at the top of the Mile and just around the corner from the castle. This is probably the main cause for the Hub's business.

Despite the beautiful building and the convenient location the cafe isn't the best. It serves ordinary sorts of teas and coffees and light lunches. The lunches themselves aren't terrible, after finally extending their menu, but the prices are. For what you get, which is fairly small portions of "fancy" food dressed up, the cost is too much. In the past the staffing has been too slow and a bit inconsistent.

A great location venue but with a poor cafe and a lot of room for improvement,
What's not to like about a 5 lunch?  

The Hub has a great location on the Royal Mile, an attractive dining room, pleasant servers, and has a set deal of 5 for soup and sandwich.

Plus by the time we got there after touring the Castle and strolling down Castle hill, we did not want to go one step further.
This is a really good venue to hold meetings in Edinburgh. We hired the 'Glass Room' at the top of the building which had its own private balcony with stunning views across the city. 

The Hub provided us with lunch - just sandwiches- but they finished it off with some really good, gooey chocolate cake which made me love the whole venue even more!! They also left some Edinburgh rock on the tables for us to munch through...so whenever my meeting became boring/overly bureaucratic I could have a sugar high to bring back my normal hyper-ness!
Was a former church...
Is the festival centre...
Have a decent lunch.
Th Hub is for me a focal point especially when the Edinburgh Festival is in full flow either for aquiring tickets, making show enquiries, information on events or a quick lunch bite. It also doubles as an event venue, and has private meeting room upstairs, in this structure that dominates the city skyline...but for me I have yet to fully experience a show or some food here.

For me the its location is fairly central in an converted church, now a regional meeting place where its quiet enough to escape the hussle and bussle of outside, during busy tourist season!  Enjoy the shop, free maps and guides, chatting to Hub staff finding out if there are any tickets left for usual sold out events that Edinburgh is famous for, and the afternoon weekend teas are great as well as weddings and pre-tattoo suppers.

They have wifi, not sure if it is free but according to the ticket staff, you cant get access to www from the shop area but possibly need a password from the restaurant staff. 

For full information visit the hub website www.thehub-edinburgh.com
Attended a wedding at The Hub recently. WOW. 

We spent our day mostly in the main hall (the former church sanctuary) and balcony as well as the library (used as a bar/gathering area). Great food and lovely set-up. The colors in the main hall are garish and take away from the beautiful aspects of the carved ceiling, I feel. But it didn't detract too much from the lovely and intimate balcony setting of the wedding itself and the great space in the hall for the reception dinner and dance. 

They were a bit let down with service. It was here and there. Great at some times and totally lacking at others. The manager for the day was clearly present, but didn't always keep her staff on the same page. Our table barely got dessert. This was sad because I love cake. 

Very beautiful setting that lends itself well to smaller and larger groups, as I experienced.
Owned by Jools Holland, you can guess this place is of great quality. 

Situated in a beautiful building on Queen Street, you almost feel like you're off to a ball. Well I was, my university end of term ball. But it does feel so much more grander than that. The food was so much better than the price tag suggested (I imagine this was to do with a deal with the university as I have looked at the restaurant prices and it ain't cheap) and the ambiance was spectacular. The staff made us feel like we were more than just grubby students dressed in our finest gear. The whole night was fantastic, and I understand why my university uses this venue each year. 

Jam House also operates as a restaurant and an up-market club. It is worth a visit for whatever reason you can find.
I was dragged here once by my 57 year old auntie who was looking to pull. I think that sums it up! Jools Holland owns it- which gives it some credit I suppose, and it's nicely decorated inside but it's not my cup of tea. It seemed to be a playground for the over 50s looking to re-live their youth. It reminded me of dad dancing at a wedding - you know the sort. On several occasions, sweaty old men made their move towards me, at which point I hastily circled the room.
Food-wise, it wasn't anything special either. I had pan-fried chicken without realizing it doesn't come with anything else, should have ordered sides. Yeah it was ok, and the price wasn't too bad, but nothing worth going out my way for.
My boyfriend used to know this girl who thought that the Jam House was the least cool place in town.  I think that she's just not cool enough to realise just how cool this place is.  It's cool like the 80s.

It actually IS cool like the 80s.  It has that kind of dorky but majorly fun vibe that is the joy of an 80s party.  I almost said "... that reminds me of the 80s" but that's a lie; I'm way too young to remember the 80s.  

A previous reviewer said that it's like going to a family wedding because of the all ages crowd.  That is completely true and is one of the JEMs (what disguises itself as a typo is really my brain reminding me that I do remember some of the 80s...) of this place.      

The majority of people who go to the Jam House aren't out for a pretentious night out, they just want to listen to some good music and dance without caring who's watching.  Yeah, you will probably end up dancing with a dad and make his night, or with a mom who is wearing heels for the first time in years and can hardly stand up.  That is all part of the charm of the Jam House.

In exchange, you will find that the door charge is one of if not the cheapest in New Town and and the bar considerably easier to get to than anywhere else on a weekend.  

I've never eaten here so can't comment on that aspect but the quality of the night out is, well, cool.  Like the 80s.
Best live music and dance venue in town by far. Great mix of old and new music, along with great age range of punters 20-60's I would guess .
Gets going early, with house band playing covers from 60's to present date until about 1.30am. DJ fills in between sets and takes over from then.
Drinks aren't that pricey and admission is certainly better value for money than anything on George Street given there is also live music going on..
Billy Ocean Live performance...... Friday 20th April 2012. Tried to get a booking in the venue's restuarant, but left it too late as they were sold out completely. Bought tickets to see the UK's biggest selling soul performer. Arrived to a busy venue but was served extremely quickly. Plenty of bar staff on duty and good cheery service given. Started on cocktails...Bad move though (still have headache on Monday!) Got a postion right at the front of the stage. Billy Ocean took to the stage at 9.30pm and performed for a full two hours without stopping. Covered all his hits from the 70's/80's. Great performance and full marks to The Jam House for bringing this legend to Edinburgh. Night was rounded off by dancing to the Jam House resident DJ who played a great mix of 60's/70's and 80's soul/disco tracks.
Do and little dance....
Make a lilttle love...
Get down tonight......d ododododddddoooooo! 

I had a great time here! If you love 80's music and a good dance then you will love it here! Although book well in advance as it gets busy!! In all honesty it think its the only dance place i have been to that you can find
people on their late 50s 60s mixing with 20 year olds ( like me ...ahem) ! 
Really good for hen nights or a big group!
The best place in Edinburgh for a great night out with friends.

We went along on Friday night and admittedly it was a bit quiet, but the place really goes over board when providing a safe and excellent night out. Music was terriffic. So much so, we came back for more the night later.....Wow, it was mobbed...What an atmosphere.....11/10

Luved it!!
So this Saturday was my first visit to the Jam House as my friend had organised a Celtic Celebration for the MND charity. 
The venue was everything she needed, great area of dance floor - handy for the 50+ Irish dancers that were jigging away, great stage area for the more contemporary dances/ bands that played and big enough for the volume of people that came to support albeit only just as at one point there was a shortage of seating and then standing room only towards the back.  

Brilliant evening raising money for a very worth while cause in a very nice venue! 

Great time had by all :)
Went to the Jam House quite late on a Saturday night out with about 8 others a couple of weeks ago.  The 8 entry charge put me off right from the start!  There's no way I would usually pay that much to get into a venue unless I knew of something special happening, however the group I was with decided to go in.  Very long entrance way and bar before you get to the back of the venue to the stage and dance floor, which is massive.  There are even a few booths overhead, like at a theatre.  It is a lovely venue and would be great for watching a live band.  There was actually a live band playing when we arrived (which I'm guessing was the reason for the exorbitant cover charge), but unfortunately they only had a couple of songs to go until they finished.  Then the dj played 70's and 80's music all night.  It was fun and had a good dance, but had had enough after a while.  We certainly felt very young, compared to the majority of the patrons who were between 40 and 68 I reckon.

I wouldn't choose to go back, but can see how the Jam House would appeal to an older crowd.
Having purposefully avoided coming here over the last eight years or so it took a bit of arm twisting to for me to break my ban on Easter Sunday but the prospect of non-stop Northern Soul clinched it.

Thankfully the place wasn't uncomfortably busy once we got there so that was a bonus. Other than that though the things that had put me off in the past are still in evidence, namely poor acoustics (benefit of the doubt - the PA and shoddy mic in use may have been the organisers' rather than the venue's) and they still don't stock tomato juice so bloody marys are out of the question. Best left to the older & older at heart for the better part of another decade I think.
Not only is this place gorgeous with lots of sunlight and fresh decor, the food was yummy and a value for your money. I expect this place to be incredibly busy in the upcoming months from all the business lunch traffic. I tried the special - Beef Stroganoff. Such flavor! The meat was tender, not chewy in the least...and two meals worth for only $10. Did I mention I ordered the most expensive thing on the menu? That's right. My boyfriend ordered a delicious sandwich of fresh pulled mozzarella, pesto, and portabello mushroom called the Fungi. Oh man...did I forget to mention his $3 side of white truffle mac 'n cheese? I don't know how many people like food for a good deal, but this is my favorite new Mill Ave lunch spot!

They validate for 2 hours worth in the Brickyard garage...so don't worry about parking. Also...I love that they have iced green tea that isn't sweetened. I'm a stickler about good iced tea and I was impressed.
If you eat lunch near campus or on Mill you have to give this place a try. It might be difficult because it's somewhat hard to find. When you're on Mill, between La Bocca and Bank of America, where the escalator is, walk straight back. Keep walking past the ASU buildings and you'll see Center Bistro. The first time I went there I didn't walk far enough back and was totally confused for a couple minutes. 

Anyways, once you find it you're set. The food here is amazing. It's all organic and delicious. I've been here twice, once I got the thanksgiving sandwich and the first time I got the daily special, curry rice and shrimp. Both times I was beyond impressed. I've also tried the bruschetta, the brie and fig was amazing. 

I'm also really impressed with the service. By the only second time I'd visited they remembered me, maybe not my name but definitely that I'd been there. They always seem helpful and upbeat.

Great lunch place on MIll with a little less guilt than Five Guys ;)
I'm slurping their pumpkin spiced soup from the bowl.

It's tasty soup, but I shouldn't be slurping it. I've been to The Center Bistro 4 times since they opened and the consistent theme is good food, horrible service. They just don't seem to know what they're doing, even though they appear to mean well. Goofed orders, charging incorrectly, forgetting that they were in the middle of taking an order... it's kind of silly.

Their redeeming factor is a tasty menu. Today I ordered a half-order of their mill salad (dates, feta, greens) and Pumpkin Spice soup. They walked away from the cash register while I was ordering, kept forgetting what I was doing there, and finally took my order after 20 minutes. Then, suspecting the worst, I asked the woman as she handed me my to-go bag if there was silverware in there for both soup and salad. She said Yes.

I should have known better and checked, because apparently she eats her soup with a knife.  The other two people I went with also did not get a spoon for their soup.  Maybe they're Spoon Nazis ("No Spoon For YOU!"), but I think they just have a creative cook in there who doesn't have experience running a business.  Tasty food will earn a few extra chances, but when every visit results in frustration - I give up.
I was walking to my car from class at ASU and I came across this new restaurant opening up. Just to check it out and see what it had to offer I walked in for some lunch (I always walk this way to my car at this time so it quite convenient for lunch). I had a tasty drink and a marvelous panini. Very good first impression, but my first good impression was the place itself--wonderfully put together. It is a very nice, clean looking joint with great food!
I popped in here around 11:30 am and got some food to go.  I always walked past this place and would tell myself I would try it, but only got around to it today.  

They focus on local and organically grown ingredients.  

The atmosphere is nice.  Very calm, comfortable, clean, minimalistic, but still warm (lots of natural light, wood, and splashes of green and orange). 

The service was very good.  Friendly and fast.  

However, I will add the following note:  Their kitchen is not a typical "restaurant" kitchen.  Imagine a refreshingly simple, but nice, home kitchen with a large center island.  Now, place an unobtrusive cash register at one end of the island.  This is pretty much what you will see when you walk through the front door.  So, I'm not sure how things get when they are busy.    

I got their daily special, which happened to be ribs, green beans, potato salad, and a parsley (I think) & vinegar dipping sauce.  They had a plate of it displayed on a table when I walked in.  I'm not sure if that is what they usually do with their daily specials, but if it is, the marketing strategy worked on me.   

There was a generous serving (6 pieces) of ribs.  They were pork, I believe, and had a great dry rub that was on the savory side (not sweet).  If you have a preference for ribs drenched in sticky, sweet, BBQ sauce, then these ribs were not meant for you.  The potatoes were cooked until tender.  They had a great creamy texture to them as you ate them, but they were not mushy.  The sauce was a sour cream based sauce, I believe, rather than a mayonnaise base, and also tasted very good...although perhaps just slightly under seasoned.  The green beans were cooked perfectly with a nice crunch to them.  I'm not sure if they were blanched first, but they were nicely browned in the pan with a mild but flavorful garlic and oil dressing.    

The entire meal was only $10 before taxes and tip.  A very reasonable price for the quality and quantity of food you get.    

All-in-all, I am  a fan and I will definitely be back again.
I work on Mill so yesterday I decided to give Center Bistro a try. I got half of the Beet sandwich, which has carmelized beets and gorgonzola, and half of the Mill Revolution salad, which has dates and basil - so good! The service was also great. I asked the guy, who has strawberry blond hair and glasses, about a million questions about their menu and he was patient and helped me pick out my entrees. He encouraged me to sign up for their email blasts and pimped out their Twitter and FB pages to me. Good job.

I had such a great experience that I decided to go back today and try another half-sandwich/half-salad combo.

Big mistake.

I ordered the Red Bird, which is chicken with arugula, red onions, provolone and sun-dried tomato aioli.

But the sandwich I just ate had no arugula and I could barely taste an aioli. Also, it was pressed. The first time I went in they asked me if I wanted it cold or hot, but this time I guess I didn't get an option.

Not only that but the sandwich was tiny! I paid $8 for a nugget-sized sandwich and a bed full of greens. I hate when you order something and it comes out and it's minuscule and you're already thinking about what you're going to eat after to fulfill your hunger. 

For my salad, I ordered the Southwest Fusion. The menu description: "organic field greens tossed with berries, candied pecans
and feta cheese with raspberry chipotle vinaigrette."

Um, no.

Here is what was inside my salad: three small strawberries, NO candied pecans and it's swimming in dried cranberries that overpower the taste. The one good thing is the dressing, but this is not the salad I was promised.

Fail.

Now let's talk about the service. Like I said before, the first time I went in the gentleman with the light hair and glasses was very nice and professional. This time, though, I had another guy and his customer service skills were dismal. I bet they're probably college students, but that is no excuse for poor service.

For one, I ordered a very simple meal: half a sandwich and half a salad. No bells and whistles, no special requests. The guy behind me ordered a full sandwich, a couple of sides and a smoothie ... and his order was up before mine!!! WTF? I sat there waiting for a while before I finally went up and asked about the status of my order, to which he replied, "It's right here." It had been sitting on the table ready to go. My waiting spot was about 20 feet away, but I remained in eye sight the entire time. And there was ONE other person in the room besides me and she was on her laptop with headphones on. I guess with all those people in between us, it became too difficult for him to find me. 

To top it all off, I come back to work, open up the box and ... no fork. Do you know how coveted forks are in my office? It's always the first utensil to go! Luckily, I was able to find one but still, come on, dude. To-go order = put a damn fork and a napkin in my box. I'm not asking for much.

I'm torn about how I feel about Center Bistro. My first experience was amazing, but my second one was hugely disappointing. I haven't decided yet if there will be a third time.
Nothing I say can do this place justice.  For the last month I've been frequently this place at least a couple of times a week and can never seem to get enough.  White truffle mac n' cheese for $3, delicious bruschetta, specials that sometimes seem a bit odd for the place (tacos at the sandwich/salad place?), mozzarella made on location with mini heirloom tomatoes and balsamic glaze, and so much more.  The daily soups are always rich and tasty.  The fungi sandwich is my new obsession and breakfast....oh the breakfast!  The options seem simply enough - breakfast burritos, omelets, sandwiches, fruit sides, and smoothies, but since this place uses fresh local ingredients something seems so special about these choices.  I love to get the AZ Am Sandwich and add bacon, sausage, AND ham.  So much pig cooked in fluffy eggs!! * swoon *

Anyways, the space is so inviting; bright colors, fresh flowers, and fun art add so much charm.  I wish the hours were longer so I could lounge on the couches and study after work.  Really the hours are my only complaint about this place.  Hopefully they stay open longer (and on weekends) soon.
I have been to this restaurant twice (most recently today for lunch). First off, the restaurant is really cute, I love the open feeling and the cute tables. The first time I went here with a friend and I had a groupon. It was kind of weird because we were told that they were changing their menu and so only had a limited menu that day that consisted of about two options. I thought that kind of sucked, I mean, if you are going to be open you should have some food in your restaurant.... but anyway, We both ordered the tagliatelle with chipotle cream sauce. It was good, my friend really liked it and I thought it was just ok. So then I saw that they had another groupon a few months later and decided to buy it and give them another chance, after all, I only tried something off of their abridged menu. Today I went with two friends. I ordered the veggie panini and a smoothie. One of my friends ordered the chipotle pasta and the other didn't get anything (picky eater). The smoothie was really good, I would definitely prefer it over jamba juice. The veggie panini was ok... it said it had caramalized onions but the onions were definitely raw... It came with a salad (pear, goat cheese, nuts) which was really tasty. I would come back to this restaurant (especially for a smoothie) because I go to ASU and it is convenient, but probably only if I had a coupon....
Yeah, down to one star. I am not exaggerating when I say every order I make here is wrong. Every one. I went back because some friends were going who love the place, so I figured the odds HAD to be on my side for once. 

After I ordered my sandwich, which came on 9 grain bread, I heard the cashier tell the next person in line they were out of 9 grain. Huh? Did I get the last slices? So I asked, and he said I would have to pick ciabatta or rye. I dislike ciabatta, so asked for rye - as did the guy behind me. Guess what I ended up getting? Go on... guess. Ciabatta. 

The food is tasty, but I think the people who work here start every day by getting drunk out of their minds before they open. Or maybe they just have my picture behind the register with a note to Screw With This Guy. In that case, they are doing an exceptional job. I give up.
I love the layout of this place, it is bright and open and the dcor creates a very relaxing environment. It is a perfect spot to help you unwind for lunch during a busy workday. 

I've tried the daily special tacos (last time it was shrimp and they were spicy and good). I've also had the steak sandwich with a garlic aioli and the turkey, bacon sandwich. Both times I ordered them sandwiches on the ciabatta and wished I would have went with the 9 grain. The ciabatta was a bit hard (cut the roof of my mouth hard). The ingredients are fresh and they use great spices so it made up for the hard bread. 

They have excellent iced tea and the service has always been fast. I'm a regular.
All I can say is totally Wow!  So creative and so delicious.  I have eaten there many times and have been wowed every time. 

Warm, friendly wait staff too!

You owe it to yourself to visit.
So here's the scoop: The food at The Center Bistro is extremely tasty.  I got a salad with Seared Ahi Tuna, Avocado, Radishes, and some sort of delicious vinagrette.  It was delicious.  My friend got the Truffel Oil Ragu and it was definitely the best Wild Mushroom Ragu I've ever had.

Now, you might ask, "Why then, Matt, would you only give them 4 stars if you liked the food so damn much?"

Don't worry, I will feed you baby birds.  

The reason this place only gets four stars is because I am a 6'5'' college kid who eats like an elephant (i.e. close to my body weight per day), and the portion sizes at the Bistro just don't cut it for my tastes.  The food is fantastic, but I need about double the portion they serve and I can't fork over twice the price of the items on the menu.
I just finished the wild mushroom ragu stack with truffle oil and I am STILL licking my lips in an attempt to savor the flavor.  Possibly one of the tastiest meals of my life... I sh*t you not.  My friend who I was dining with shook the table and I panicked and grabbed my plate in fear of losing the few bites I still hadn't finished. 

My friend had the avocado salad with seared tuna which was tasty as well, but we both agreed the ragu was the bombdizzle.

Our server had a bit of trouble steering me in the right direction when I was indecisive about whether I should order the truffle mac and cheese or the ragu. I felt as though if he just asked a few inquisitive questions about what exactly I was looking for he could have offered me better advice. Nevertheless, I was highly impressed with my decision.   Despite our server's inability to offer solid menu advice, he was just as yummy as the food and greeted us with a genuine smile. If I was single girl I would have liked to ordered him for dessert. I will be going back tomorrow!
I'm a lunch regular here.... there are some pros and cons, but overall the pros keep me coming back!!!

Cons: Order issues; about a quarter of the time the order is slightly wrong.  This may be to the menu since it varies and, to their credit, it is always corrected promptly with an apology.  Also, this is a newer restaurant that opened in 2010 (I believe) and they may not have everything perfected quite yet.  Portions; the portions are sufficient for me, but I'm not sure some of my other lunch partners are "stuffed". 

Pros: Food; great!   They use local, organic, and free range ingredients as much as possible and you can taste the great quality in the food.  The food is always fresh, flavored wonderfully, and delicious.  I usually get the chicken sandwich with bacon on ciabatta bread.  The dessert, soup, and appetizers are also good.  Appearance; the restaurant has an open layout, modern, bright, crisp and clean (the bathrooms are modern and clean too!).  The decor is really cute and offers comfortable seating.  Staff; always very friendly, helpful, cheerful, and accommodating.  Food prep time is appropriate and usually 5-10 minutes.  Coffee; really good!  It is smooth and delicious and they offer it hot or cold.  All of their water is purified and all of the beverages turn out great as a result.  Environment; very relaxed, peaceful, and you are not rushed.  There is also a nice patio area if you wish to sit outside.

I originally found this place because I had a coupon and I have continued to come back for lunch.  The prices are reasonable and they offer lunch specials.  Everyone I have introduced to this place has been pleased.... I suggest you try it too!
This is a great place for lunch in the heart of Tempe! The food is fresh and organic and wonderful ... but they do occasionally get a detail or two wrong.

It has a patio, but unfortunately it's just a slab of concrete so far. There are umbrellas providing shade, but hopefully they'll add some decor in time.

Give it a try the next time you're on Mill and you're hungry for a healthy sandwich or salad. I think they have a yoga studio as well, but remember to wait an hour after you eat before doing yoga.
Well, this proves I'm not worthy of hanging with the cool kids.  Went to Center Bistro today, got the mushroom/risotto stacked thing and the "special" which was raw tuna, risotto, cabbage and some good dressing laying on top of what I swear is a dripping (decorative, of course) made with Frank's Red Hots hot sauce.  It sucked.
Bland, bland, bland.  Even their black ice tea is biting.
Yeah, I know nuevo cuisine is all the rage...but, to me, "taste and flavor" is more important than what it looks like.
However, people are buying into this crap...just like people are stuffing down pork belly now.  That is the fat of the pig, folks.  Are you crazy?
Soooo bad for you.
But, then again, like I said, I am obviously not one of the cool kids or I would like this stuff...or, at the very least, pretend to like this stuff.
Personally, I'll take a pass and head to a Burger King.  Crappy, unhealthy food but, at least, it has some flavor.
So I must be crazy, because every time I see a groupon for this place, I buy it.... I think my memories and actual experiences do not line up. So I had yet another deal for this place, and I decided to go there with the BF for lunch today to celebrate end of school. The place was fairly empty, but the decor is still nice. I ended up ordering the bhan mi sandwich at the suggestion of the waitress and the BF got the turkey sandwich. We both got the side of the day which was a sweet potato corn bread with honey and fruit butter. So the sandwiches come out and I was a bit confused. On the menu it said that the bhan mi was roasted pork with carrots, cilantro, cucumber, and a sriracha mayo. Well.... this sandwich was not roasted pork. It was strips of ham... like deli ham. WTF? This sandwich costs $10.50. I could go buy some deli meat and veggies and throw it in a pan for 5 seconds for about 2$. I don't even like ham and would never order a ham sandwich. Isn't this restaurant supposed to be all about freshness and organic and whatnot? Because deli ham is anything but.... Why can America's tacos sell delicious roasted pork for about 2$ and this place doesn't even really use roasted pork? In addition, I was about half done with the first half of the sandwich and I found a whole slice of jalapeno in my mouth. My mouth was on fire. I couldn't eat anymore of the sandwich. My eyes were watering.... and I like spicy and use jalapenos in a lot of my cooking. Ugh. I liked the turkey sandwich, but on the menu it states that it comes with bacon.... well no bacon. Really center bistro? Why have a menu when apparently you just put whatever you feel like putting in the food? The corn bread was good and the butter that came with it was good too, but I felt extremely ripped off by my meal there today.... it was unacceptable. 

I find myself wondering if their breakfast or newly added dinners would be better, as the dinner menu looks good, but I'm, worried if I go for something on said menu, I'll just get some random other thing that I did not want. So we'll see if I give it another go.
I love love love that there is place close to where I live off Mill Ave that's not a haven for douche bags. The Center Bistro is charming and elegant and the food is above par. I always crave a nice fancy drink that doesn't put me out $12 or $15 dollars and this place satisfies my craving. I ordered a drink that was made with blood Orange vodka and champagne! So good. The waitress was really friendly and even topped off our glasses with some more champagne for no extra charge. My friend and I split a salad that had walnuts and a creamy nut crusted cheese that didn't stand a chance between the two of us. We also ordered the mac and cheese which is one of the best options on the menu. My boyfriend ordered the tacos with their homemade salsa. They were a little small but what they lacked in size they made up for in flavor. The salsa is some of the best salsa I have ever had in my life. We went on a Friday night and an awesome band was playing that took requests. They played Fleetwood Mac for me! I can't remember the name of the band and that makes me sad. They played a lot of 90s too which is always great in my book. It wasn't crowded at all so if you get out of work and want a nice chill place to eat and drink in peace without some bros hooting and hollering or having to listen to some 21 year old female talk about her hair, this is the place for you. I would give it 5 stars if it was open on weekends. Hopefully that will change with time. Check it out if you want something off the beaten path and are tired of dealing with all the weirdos on Mill Ave.
I just ate at Center Bistro today.  I must admit that I have not really tried any of the restaurants in the renovated area of Tempe (other then the big ones).  I had the special of the day which was the encrusted Salmon.  WOW!  It was cooked perfectly, and served atop brown rice.  It also came with fresh squash, which was also cooked to perfection.  The food tasted so fresh.  

In addition to the Salmon we had fresh Humus and crusty bread, and delicious green tea. 

The overall environment inside the restaurant seemed nouveau/tech.  Comfortable, but great for a business meeting. The staff was extremely friendly, and it had the atmosphere of a place where a lot of regulars hang out.  In fact, the owner of the building and his son both were in the restaurant, and both seemed genuinely nice.

I definately recommend it.  I am taking a friend there later this week (he is a total foodie), and will get a second opinion
Used to  be a great place. Too bad they went out of business today two days before catering food for my event on Saturday.
Its basically a wanna-be fine-dining restaurant/deli open during select hours for the yoga chicks upstairs. The food lunges outside the box, and aims to be a bit pretentious. But honestly its just a rich man's Jimmy John's with better furniture and House music.
The food here was always on point! Loved the Mac n cheese and the salmon was cooked perfectly as well. So sorry to hear that they closed.
Addiction was pretty good to me I must say. The food is all really good!

It's on the pricier side but for lazy people like me it's great to have such amazing food in the hotel. YUM. 

Cuban Ruben is really good. OMG delicious sandwich. I wish I could make this at home! It has great texture and is just yum.

The Skinny Dip sandwich is good as well but I liked the Cuban Ruben better. The Skinny Dip is meatier but the Ruben is just a combination of flavors and textures. YummmmO.

The pasta salad is a cold pesto pasta salad and that was ok. I wish it was less oily but it was decent.

Baked Tomato and Mozzarella Salad was delicious but I happen to love tomato and mozzarella together ALWAYS so I knew I would enjoy it. Delish.

If you're really hungry get the Karmal Pork. I know it seems pricey for pork but it is definitely a must get dish. The pork is delicious and the garlic mashed potatoes are garlicky and yummy. If you like pork, potatoes, and garlic you'll like this.

One of our waiters was chill and awesome. The other was a bit too attentive but he mentioned he was bored since it was slow so I guess that is that. We met the chef as well and he's a suave guy who knows how to cook. Nice guy, good food, cute little place, and in the hotel. Besides the too in my face waiter, I really liked this place.
So this review would be based on the food had I been able to eat here. 

So I had a reservation for Thursday evening January 6 which I had made on open table. I also had a gift certificate from Restaurant.com. 

Wednesday evening I got a call from the restaurant asking for Mr. White (which I am a WOMAN) and no matter how many times I stated that the guy didn't get it. 

Anyways he was calling to tell me that my reservation had been canceled due to the entire restaurant being bought out. Then he tried to blame it on the fact that I booked the reservation on open table. couldn't they block out the day on open table? I know this was a last minute thing; just own up to it. 

The only offer to accommodate me was to tell me that I could come back a different day. I guess they don't realize that some people are from out of town and can't just come back on another day?
Great food, good service and a nice intimate atmosphere!  I would recommend this little place to anyone! We stayed there for 1 night, had both dinner and breakfast.  The food was delicious, affordable and the decor was trendy and fun. They went out of their way to make our stay nice, and we plan on staying there very soon again.  I loved that it was right across the street from Hard Rock and for a romantic weekend with my husband it was perfect!
Wow!  Enough said!  This place is a hidden gem and the only reason I'm telling you about it is because I want to make sure it stays in business, so I can continue to eat here...pretty selfish, isn't it!

The filet mignon was amazing and priced well @ $26!  It came with a port sauce/gravy and pesto oil, topped with homemade mashed potatoes, then topped with the filet, which was topped with fried crunchy potato sticks/slivers.  On the side were three steamed asparagus stalks (NOT ala carte!).  The pesto oil was AMAZING!  It complimented everthing on the plate!

Ben Ortiz is the manager and was also our server that night.  I can really appreciate his hard work and public relationships he is trying to establish with this young restaurant.  

With that said, Ben did a fine job serving his two dining tables (plus he was serving a birthday party).  Even though we only ordered two filet mignon dinners and two glasses of pinot noir, Ben brought us two additional items at NO charge.  The first was an appetizer.  It was the Thai Chicken Satay w/peanut sauce, yummo!  The chicken had a great Asian flavor, and was so tender and moist.  The second item Ben brought was dessert.  It was the fried Nutter Butters with a delicious raspberry liquor dipping sauce.  I'm not big on deep fried items, nor am I a cookie monster but, these things were quite addicting!

To preface the night, there was a medium sized birthday party held in the lounge/bar/lobby area which overflowed into the small dining area.  There was a DJ spinning music which really complimented the ambiance of the modern decor.  Although, we were only one of two different dining parties, I would still recommend reservations due to the amount of parties and private functions the hotel/restaurant does business with.  

We were so impressed with the food last week, that I just called to make reservations for tonight!!!!  This place is now my "Addiction"!!!
Wow. Good thing the food was good since that's about all this place has going for it. Ok, the ambience is coolish, but it's been done before. 

We got there about 10 minutes before our 8 o'clock reservation and the place was empty. There was only one other party of two there. We waited 15 minutes at our table before we were offered drinks. I asked for a drink menu and was told that they were redoing their pool so they didn't have a drink menu. Um...ok. We ordered the mac-n-cheese stick appetizer and we were told that they were still prepping them, so the order would take three hours. Again, um...ok. We settled on the Kobe Chili Cheese Fries. After 20 minutes they finally arrived were quite good. I ordered a burger with goat cheese, avocado, and crispy onions and my husband ordered a more traditional bacon, Swiss, lettuce & 1000 island burger. His was juicy and delicious. Mine was way too well done and dry. The flavor was good, though. 

We ordered the Nutta Butta and Lava Bundt cake for dessert. The former was DELISH, the latter was meh. 

I was pretty bummed about this place. It was cheap (our total bill was $43) with some decent food, but sometimes that's not enough.
The small dining room, done in various shades of white, was serviced by only one waitress.  Ann chose the silver dollar Butterfinger & mascapone pancakes with maple syrup and a coffee.  I selected an egg white scramble with spinach, roasted red peppers, and sundried tomatoes that were accompanied by breakfast potatoes (lukewarm) and sourdough toast.  The food was pretty average so it is unlikely we will be returning in the future. Discounted gift certificates available through restaurant.com.
Ate here with a BP this past weekend, dinner before a show and then some.  When we first came to this boutique hotel just across from the Hard Rock, i have to admit I was a little sketchy on whether or not it'd be good.  I mean, Vegas is packed with great places off the strip; but it can be equally "a miss" as much as it is a hit.  

But man oh man!  The place was pretty dope; attractive people checkin in and out(remember it's part of a hotel too), loungy-type music, good drinks.  You kinda get that euro-fusion feel to it, and I think it's a fusion restaurant.  

Anyway, our small party of 7 got seated at their VIP-type section which was pretty sweet.  We set our reservation at about 8 but asked if we could get seated earlier.  There weren't really many people there at that time, in fact, it was barely starting up.  Not sure how packed this pace gets later, but on some reviews, it seems like it might.  So so far so good...and now, onto the food... The food...WOAH.  We loved EVERYTHING we ate!  We just decided to get a bunch of appetizers and drinks and a few entrees, all to share.  And it was good enough for all of us; and a couple of the guys in my party were twice my size!  From the Kobe sliders, to the chili dog(made with kobe beef or something, if I can remember), the french onion soup(which actually comes w/ mac n cheese on top, and I usually hate the stuff, but when it's in soup, I guess it's not so bad), to the pork chop; holy heck, the pork chop is the best thing on the dang menu!  It was the most tender best tasting one I've ever had.  It's a little on the sweet side, because it comes with a sauce, but man oh man!  Everyone in our party just wanted to attack that sucker and finish it up!  

COST - can get up there, esp with specialty drinks topping $12, but restaurant.com has a great coupon for $100 off of a $200 bill or more.  Split with your friends and do the math, it's actually very good for dinner.

Service - Ben, our server, made sure we were well-taken care of.  The place was awesome and so was the rest of the staff...

Parking - valet only lot, and Hard Rock is across the street, but you're in Vegas, so you probably shouldn't be driving, cuz you're drunk =p

We enjoyed it so much that we're coming back for MY bachelor party baby! :)  A nice, chill place, that's not insanely crowded and has great food.  What else could you want?
I wanted to love this place, but the boutique decor and trendy vibe couldn't save the experience my friends and I had at Addiction.

We came here for Yelp drinks and decided to get something to eat. The set up of Rumor is just confusing to me as one area melts into another and the space is kind of small, but it was possibly designed that way to give it a mix and mingle feel? I don't know, but we weren't sure whether we were supposed to check in for seating at the restaurant or if it was a self-seating situation. It was the latter and after a few minutes of standing apprehensively by what looked to be a make-shift hostess stand, one of the employees took us to our table.

Our experience was marked by long lapses of time in which our waitress disappeared which left us wondering if she was cooking as well as seving the food. One thing that really annoyed me is that she brought two of our three orders out which made for the awkward "well we can't eat until everyone has their food situation" which led to our food getting cold as we waited for our other friend's food. 

I'm no professional, but as a self-taught cook with aspirations for Martha Stewart like entertaining skills, I know that timing is everything and when preparing food you time dishes so that everything is ready at once. I shouldn't be questioning this basic principle of dining at a restaurant, new or not. 

The food somewhat made up for what was a confusing and unnecessarily drawn out experience. We all ordered off off the "Tapatizers" menu. I ordered the Mac Styx which combined two of my lifetime loves: mac and cheese and deep frying. They were served with a yummy garlic aioli and were pretty filling. Both of my friends were pleased with their food, but because we had been waiting so long they were so sleepy they couldn't finis their food.

I swear 30 minutes elapsed between the time the check was dropped at our table and the time our waitress reappeared, not to pick it up but to "check on us". What? You came by with the check 30 minutes ago and you think we just want to keep hanging out? WHAT?

Don't even get me started on the splitting the check dilemma because it just made me sad to think that this waitress could not understand cash first and split the rest on two cards. If she couldn't understand this, what else was she not understanding about working in a restaurant. The worst part about this was that the place was EMPTY. Two other parties showed up while we were there but there was a good chunk of time when it was just the three of us.

I don't think the service was intentionally bad just...inattentive. This place has a lot going for it but needs some serious work.
This place could easily be a 4 or 4.5 star restaurant but it was an accumulation of little things that made me subtract the star and a half.  First, when I got to the podium, there was no one around.  Immediately behind me at the bar were 3 employees.  They all saw me, yet not one said a word--not so much as a "someone will be right there" or "let me go get someone."  Nothing, nada!  Several minutes went by and a woman appeared from a door which turned out to be the kitchen.  She then seated me.  Little thing #1.

I had a Groupon and she asked to see it.  When I loaded it on my iPhone she stated she wasn't sure they were doing it that way.  They wanted a paper printout.  At that point I was ready to leave so she said she'd talk to the manager.  He agreed to take the Groupon number if they could copy my ID.  What?  Little thing #2.

There are 6 entrees on the dinner menu and 6 items on the dessert menu.  They forgot one item from my steak and they were out of bananas for the dessert.  Their banana supplier had not yet been there.  Little thing getting bigger #3.

Charge for a second iced tea at $3.  It was a partial refill. I had 1/3 left when she asked if I wanted more.  Bigger little thing #4.

Now for the meal--it was superb!  I got the 8 ounce filet which was on a bed of garlic-onion mashed potatoes (the menu says puree, but it isn't).  There were 5 stalks of grilled asparagus for the seasonal vegetable (they were perfect!), and the drizzled Port syrup was very tasty.  The crispy tater strings were forgotten or maybe they hadn't been delivered yet, either.

For dessert, I had the Gossip Sundae--green tea ice cream on powdered crispy wontons with butter rum caramel sauce, caramelized bananas, and walnuts.  Of course, the bananas were missing.

Plating for the entree and dessert were nicely done.  I looked at some of the photos for the restaurant to see what I should have gotten.  I sure wish they had gotten their delivery!

I'm not sure if I'll give Addiction another chance.  It is good, but there are too many little things that just add up to a subtraction in the enjoyment of the meal.
Our visit to Addiction at the Rumor Hotel in Las Vegas was one of the greatest dinning experiences of our lives.  From the minute we walked in, the staff was helpful and attentive. Ben, who runs the restaurant and bar, was fantastic, with great recommendations and suggestions.  

The Short Rib appetizer was amazing, so tender, and matched perfectly with the Sweet Potato Puree and honey port sauce.  Karmal Pork (Ben's suggestion) was the best, most perfectly cooked porkchop I've ever had, and I'm a big fan of pork.  The sauce was just the right amount of sweet and savory.  The Salmon was also perfectly cooked.  

The atmosphere was so relaxed, dinning on the patio in the evening was the perfect way to start a night in Vegas.  And chatting outdoors on the patio couches with locals we met, over drinks and deep fried Nutter Butters, led to the best night in Vegas.  It's unbelievable the such great food and atmosphere can be found in Vegas at such good prices.  From now on my trips to Vegas will include a Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner at Addiction, and probably reservations at the Hotel too.
Had my BP here a few weeks after our first time in; had a BLAST!  Don't remember all TOO much, but all my boys loved the food and Ben and company really took care of us again!  Upgrade for making my night so incredibly AWESOME!  :)
For me it's all about the food. I had the chicken, my girlfriend had the steak - both were in top form. I can't remember the last time I've eaten a piece of chicken so tasty. It was a bit strange at first that the restaurant is essentially the back half of the Rumor hotel lobby, but it grew on me. It's a nice space and it's not like it was abuzz with guests checking in at dinner time. I dug the cool booths they had near the bar - overall it feels very modern. The manager Ben Ortiz was very attentive to us (easier to do with not many diners at the time) and made sure we had a good time. I'd like to see Addiction get its own place away from the hotel, but that's the way it crumbles for the time being. The food is really amazing and makes a wonderful place to go off the strip.
I wanted to try someplace new & interesting for my birthday dinner not too long ago, and decided I wanted to try Addiction :) so my then-boyfriend and I went there on a Friday night.  The place was pretty empty except for a few tables, and we ended up sitting outside.  

The menu has a decent selection, and everything was very reasonably priced compard to other restaurants like this one that are on the strip.  We got a ton of food, all of which was delicious! Here's what we had:

Appetizers:
Kobe Sliders ($9) -- 3 tasty sliders loaded with bacon & cheese
Chicken and Bacon Quesadilla ($8) -- Mmm, more bacon and cheese, can't go wrong there! haha
Mac Styx ($7) -- YUM!! Two large pieces of deep-fried mac & cheese... this was my fav appetizer of the three.  

Entrees:
Karmal Pork ($19) -- A thick, large pork chop, smothered in amazing caramel - whisky glaze, with creamy mashed potatoes and veggies.  It was phenomenal!! Easily one of the best pork dishes I've ever had at a restaurant.
House Filet ($26) -- This was very similar to the Karmal Pork, but with filet mignon and a slightly different sauce, and was equally delicious.  This and the pork are the two most expensive items on the menu, but since they come with all the sides and are huge portions, they are very reasonably priced!!  

Dessert: 
Da "Nutta Butta" ($6): 4 deep-fried nutter butter cookies served with raspberry dipping sauce... OMG.  So good!! But we were so full we had to bring most of them home to enjoy later.
Also, since it was my birthday, they brought out 3 complimentary mini-cupcakes for us (they serve them as a dessert option, from Gigi's cupcakes nearby).  They were pretty good too :) 

Service was great throughout and our waitress was very friendly and attentive (then again, it wasn't that busy).  Overall I was extremely happy with this place & thought the food was fantastic and decently priced.  I'd absolutely go back & would highly recommend this place! I hope you give it a shot :)
My friend and I decided to check this place out with our restaurant.com coupon, While it was a weekday afternoon and really really quiet, the ambiance was nice and the food was pretty good. We each got burgers and split an appetizer and dessert. We ordered the Gossip sundae and when we were given the wrong dessert, they let us keep it. Be forewarned, if you're looking for the green tea ice cream, I'm not sure you're gonna get it cuz I'm pretty sure it was pistachio... Still yummy!
I thought I loved you before I met you!!!  and I will never know....

Couldn't get in because we didn't had a badge (?) WTF, even the host had a question face..... and asked the two guys guarding the door to let us in, they said we needed the badge. I was thrilled to try this restaurant, but I will never come back. 

Two thumbs down! boooo
Their Happy Hour is worth it in my opinion.  Half off drinks and appetizers (or as they call it, "tapatizers"... lol - I like the name).

I've been here a few times - one time for Happy Hour where we literally got everything off their "tapatizer" menu to try (bill ended up being like 70 bucks and that included drinks).  The food here is pretty good - I'd say based off their tapatizer list, half of it is great, half of it is just OK.  It might get pricey for non-happy hour hours.

The place itself is definitely hip and trendy.  Service has always been very nice and surprisingly quick.  The restaurant is open to the lobby of the hotel and open to the patio near the pool area.  At first, it's kind of confusing because it's not a "separate" restaurant, but once you sit down, it really isn't a big deal.  One thing to note is that I think you can only valet here, so remember to bring a couple bucks for the valet guy.  

My favorite "tapatizers" here include:

Filet & Caprese sliders (Happy Hour Price:  $6) 
This is my number one favorite thing here.  I do not share this with anyone!  It's a filet mignon cut of meat with mozzarella cheese and a tomato with this amazing garlic aioli.  It comes with two nice sized sliders and fries.  Honestly, this and a drink or two would make for a nice dinner in itself.  

Mac Styx (Happy Hour Price:  $3.50)
Anything fried is always good.  Just try it - you get two nicely sized portioned deep fried mac and cheese bars. 

Seared Tuna (Happy Hour Price:  $5)
My husband's favorite thing here.  Seared rare tuna with these great sauces and a side of some fancy tasting salad.  The flavors are bold and delicate.  Portion sized is slightly smaller, but for 5 bucks, can't complain!

Chili Dog Sliders (Happy Hour Price:  $4.50)
For the hot dog fans out there, try out these little guys.  They're mini hot dogs with chili made out of kobe beef (which to me, tastes like regular chili).  You get two of them and fries, so for $4.50, it's a decent deal.

The Kobe sliders, chicken sliders, and the short ribs are all solid choices too.

Things I would probably be able to skip on the "tapatizer" menu are the quesadillas (tastes regular, nothing special) and chili cheese fryz (a lot of the dishes come with fries already!).     

One thing I noticed on both my visits here - my beer is never ice cold.  It's cool, but never cold.  I don't know - just thought I would mention that!  I'll probably be back here for those Caprese sliders.
The hotel itself was fresh looking and upbeat but the diningroom was nothing more than a seating area with a few tables overlooking the pool.  Service was lacking and unprofessional.  Ordered two beers for ladies and were not offered glasses or a piece of orange for a blue moon which is standard for this beer.  Had to ask for both.  Waiter was co-ordinating another event so was wearing a radio on his hip and was answering it while serving us.  We ordered two salads which were fine but nothing to brag about.  I asked if there was a roll to go with the salad and he said no but then said he could offer me a Hawaiian roll.  Later on he told me he didn't have that either.  I would not go out of my way to eat there.
Addiction...a truly fantastic dining experience!

I recently dined at Addiction for a friend's bachelor party and was very impressed.  We had a number of the entrees, including the chicken, the filet, and a pork chop special.  All the entrees were delicious...but the steak and chops really stood out.

For the quality of food at Addiction, the prices are unheard of.  You would pay 1.5x to 2x for comparable meals elsewhere in Las Vegas.

What out-shined the food was the service.  For a big group, and one that was boisterous (to say the least), the servers were patient, and warm, and extraordinarily helpful and accommodating.  They truly took pride in the restaurant, the food, and the overall dining experience.

Addiction is without a doubt worth the taxi ride from the strip, and definitely worth the walk across the street from Hard Rock.

I will be back in Las Vegas in 2 weeks, and we will be dining at Addiction again.  I can't wait to share the experience with more of my friends and family!!!
I got a Groupon for this place and tried it out with a friend.  We were the only two people in the restaurant, but our experience was top notch.  The place was cool, had a great vibe and the food was amazing.  The burger I had here was one of the best restaurant burgers I've had in Vegas and the waiter comped us desert because they didn't have the appetizer we wanted.  A true surprise and I'll definitely be eating here before going to concerts across the street at Hard Rock.
I really think someone might've kidnapped the banana man.

Why is it that two out of the TWO times I've been here they were out of bananas? Yes people, BANANAS. According to Norm K., they were also out of bananas when he went, so I'm not the only one that has witnessed this. They should just change the description of the Gossip Sundae, so they don't have to tell people they're out of bananas whenever someone orders it. 

Other than the mystery of the missing bananas, the layout and seating situation of this place is just weird. When you walk toward the pool area of Rumor, you'll see the bar on the right, and on the left you'll see what appears to be an eating area, but there is no hostess or wall of separation to let you know that's the restaurant. You can only assume it's Addiction because you'll see some people eating and staring at you while you look all puzzled. Finally, after a few minutes or so, the waiter will come out to fill someone's water or something, then see you standing there. He'll take you to a table and hand you some menus, but both of the times I've gone, I had to ask for the tapas menu because they didn't give it along with the regular menu. 

I've ordered:
Cuban Ruben w/ pesto salad ($9) - The sandwich was dry. The pesto salad was bland. I pretty much attacked my boyfriend's burger because my food was too boring.

Custom burger medium well w/ fries and fried egg, swiss, mushrooms, avocado, aioli toppings($11) - Yummy. Of course this sh*t was good, I picked the toppings myself! Very juicy and oozing with flavors. I finished the whole thing and most of the well seasoned crispy fries. Funny how much I love crispy fries nowadays when I used to push those aside from the soggy fries I was so obsessed with as a child. 

Black Cod Tostadas ($10) - So delicious! The bass was perfectly blackened and the lime cilantro Remoulade added a nice little kick. It came with roasted tomato salsa, but I didn't even use it because dish was already flavorful. We devoured all of it within 5 minutes.  

Mediterranean Plate ($10) - This came with Hummus, Eggplant and Tzatziki and toasted pitas. I just ate the pitas with Hummus and Tzatziki because the eggplant was so sour and pickled. 

Both visits, I ordered the Gossip Sundae, which was actually quite good aside from the missing bananas. The green tea ice cream didn't really taste how it should though, it tasted like pistachio (as Mel L. mentioned) but I'm a fan of pistachio ice cream anyway. I'm curious as to how this sundae would taste if it had all the correct ingredients though. 

3 stars for a tasty burger, delicious tostadas, and very nice food presentation. Minus two for sub par service, strange layout, and lack of bananas.

*Tip - Get a Restaurant.Com coupon!
The ambiance and decor of Addiction matches perfectly with my birthday dinner dress-- that's honestly probably the only reason why I chose to go to eat at Addiction for my 25th celebration. On that note, physically,Addiction lived up to all my expectations. Someone even said it looked like a rockstar's girlfriend's room, and quite frankly, I would love to be a rockstar's girlfriend if I get to live in a place like Addiction. 

Unfortunately, plans changed and instead of sticking to my 6PM reservations, the gang and I decided to opt for brunch so we can make it to Marquee to see Kaskade. Bust on both parts. While the food itself delivered quite well, nobody at the table had anything to complain about, it was so painfully slow service that earned them just two stars. We awkwardly walked into the dining area, with not a soul there to greet us. When the host/waiter seated us and took our order, we seriously had our suspicions that he was the host/waiter/chef. Not even joking. It took our salads and sandwiches a whopping 45minutes to come out-- and we were the only table there! Luckily, I purchased a restaurant.com voucher for $50 and our bill came out to about $12/person. Not too shabby for a meal in Vegas at all.

The whole setting of the restaurant and hotel is quite interesting.. it almost looks like an upscale motel. Am I addicted to Addiction? Nope. Won't be back again unless someone else wants to do their birthday there!
Do NOT waste your time to visit this restaurant.  Denny's quality food at top dollar prices.  Altough the service is fine... Bottom line, if you want to pay a inflated price for a fast food meal, eat at Addiction.
Fun breakfast sliders .. Fried egg, potatoe pancake and sausage .. Chic and modern decor .. White black and purple
My friends and I went here for dinner on New Year's Eve.  It wasn't crowded, which was so nice on that night!  The decor is really clean and modern, like a sexy lounge/club.  The prices were VERY reasonable for what you'd expect, with the most expensive things being the (big) burgers (that come with lots of fries) for $11.

The service is what really stood out.  Some in our party were vegetatian, and the vegetarian options on the menu were pretty limited, but we made do and the server was super accommodating about it.

I ordered the pesto pasta, and when I asked the server if it was good, he hesitated and said he might need to ask the kitchen to make another batch because the last one was sub-par. He went into the kitchen and tried the pasta, came back out and told me it was okay after all, so I ended up getting it.  It was totally good, so no worries, but I freaking love the honesty/effort that was put in to make sure I'd enjoy my meal!

We also got the bacon popcorn as a starter and that was yummy and a fun snack to start the meal out with.

I'm taking off a star because I got two drinks and both were pretty gross. A vodka Red Bull and a vodka tonic.  Maybe it's because they were well drinks? I haven't run into problems with most well drinks but these tasted freakin' weird.  My dining companions tried them and agreed.
Had a Restaurant.com gift cert so decided to try Addiction for dinner before heading over to the HRH for the Adult Entertainment Expo parties last Friday night.

Upon entrance into the lobby of the Rumor Hotel, we could see the restaurant, but were a little unclear as to where the entrance was, but the combo of hunger and determination was the engine that drove us to a successful seating in the main (but SMALL) dining room.

Menu has changed as of January 2012 ... They no longer have entrees on their dinner menu ... Only the burger bar and "Tapastizers".  We opted for the tapas. Our server was friendly and accomodating. Perhaps a little too chatty, because he engaged us in a conversation that went a little long and when he remembered that we had placed a food order, he rushed into the kitchen to fetch our food, but every dish was slightly luke warm, rather than HOT.  One star gone.

Another star lost, due to the fact that the tapas were adequate, but nothing terribly impressive.  

Here is what we ordered:

French Onion Soup: Very rich broth, with yummy melty cheesey goodness on top. Enjoyable, but I found the broth to be a little too intense and lacking the sweet mellowness of some of the better dining venues around town.

Parmesean French Fries:  Very good, and cooked to a crisp coating, and seasoned well and generously with grated parm. YUM

Short and Sweet:  Pork short ribs on top of whipped sweet taters and topped with a rich burgundy sauce (3 little piles).  Pretty good, but could have been better, had they been served at the appropriate temp.

Flat Iron Steak Tacos: Good, but almost room temp when served. Probably would have enjoyed these the most, if they had been served hot.

Overall, not bad food, decent service, and unique atmosphere.  Was happy we had the gift cert though, because I don't think our experience was worth full-price. Nevertheless, I would like to return and try their burger bar and happy hour deals!
My 100th Review on Yelp!

What a cute little restaurant, perfect for girl's night out! Warning: You WILL be confused when you first walk in, because there is no sign for the restaurant. The bartender called for a server as soon as we walked in to tend us immediately. We had a reservation, but you certainly do not need one since the whole 3 hours we were there for, one other table came by very briefly.

The server was attentive but not overwhelming, and the food was pretty good. They got rid of the dinner menu and only have the tapas menu, which was perfect for us girls since we wanted to try everything. 

-Mac Styx: Fried Mac&Cheese. Crispy and cheesy
-Pesto Pasta: OK
-Parmesan French Fries: You can't really go wrong with this, yummy!
-Black Cod Tostada: a little salty..
-Stickie Chickie: I liked the sauce that came with it
-Kobe Sliders: tender patties
-Filet and Caprese Sliders: really good, perfectly cooked

We did order 2 rounds of drinks for 5 girls, and the total bill came out to about $250... it was a little on the pricey side for the quality and quantity of food, but nonetheless it is a super cute, chic restaurant.
Burned by Addiction yet again! My mom wanted to come here for her birthday and because she is an incredibly picky eater, I conceded after offering her many other restaurant options of which I knew we'd have a substantially better eating and service experience. After leaving dinner my mom told me I could pick the restaurants from here on out. She said she trusted me. Sometimes it takes just having the bad experience all up in your face!

Our waitress was nice, but inattentive not out of laziness but because she was the only waitress there and I'm sure waitressing was not her only job duty. The food was meh-everything fell flat and presentation was deeply disappointing and unsatisfying. I ordered the parmesan fries and french onion soup and my mom ordered off of the Restaurant Week menu and also got french onion soup, a salad, seared ahi and a sundae. 

I feel like if a restaurant is going to offer a classic dish like French onion soup, they either better put their own spin on it or it better be the best of the best. This version was neither and I think they tried to hide this fact with an unforgivable amount of salt. The cheese was neither melted nor hot-just a slice of some identifiable cheese that at one point been melted but was now sitting as a thick, unappetizing layer on top of the soup. Underneath it was a slice of what appeared to be wheat bread. It had soaked up the liquid of the soup and was soggy and again, unappetizing. The broth's only minimally redeeming quality was the abundance of onions, but that was overpowered by a broth that was so offensively salty, that if I had hypertension I'd be writing this review from my grave.

The rest of the food was mediocre at best- my mom nailed it when she said my fries tasted like Jack in the Box fries, which I like! But I could've paid $2 for those instead of $6. Presentation was bad on her ahi and it should've been served with some starch-possibly polenta or potatoes-in addition to the salad. 

I don't want to keep bashing the place because it has potential. The food needs work and the restaurant operations could definitely use a boost a la Restaurant Impossible. Being the only restaurant at Rumor, they really need to either step their game up and invest in better quality food and additional staff or shut the restaurant down completely and use the space for something else.
The "restaurant" wasn't even half full but my friend and I waited for 7 minutes for someone to SEAT us. I saw one server come around and take plates away but he didn't even acknowledge us as he was passing by so we left. If the service for food was the same as the service to get seated, I wasn't about to waste my time sticking around to find out. Ended up going across the street to Johnnie Smalls at HRH.
We dined as a party of four and we had the place to ourselves on a Saturday night. Not a single other diner until we were nearly done with dessert. I didn't realize it, but the food is tapas style. We probably would've been better off ordering ala carte, rather than the prix-fixe three course Restaurant Week menu for $30.12. At least our tab benefited charity.

We started with French Onion Soup and Mac Bites; Deep Fried Smoked Gouda and Cheddar Mac & Cheese. The Mac Bites were real tasty, the soup wasn't very good. It lacked the richness it should have and it was overpowered by salt.

Next up was Mixed greens with Toasted Walnuts and a Citrus Vinaigrette. It was lightly dressed and the greens were crisp. Nothing too notable, however.

The salad was followed by Seared then Braised Short Ribs with Sweet Potato Puree, Crispy Potato Strings, Smoked Salt, and a Wild Honey Port-Burgundy Sauce. Tasty, but the portion was small and without the potato strings it would've been like baby food. 

Dessert concluded our meal we had the gossip sundae with green tea ice cream, bananas and fried wontons. Not bad, nor memorable. The lava cake was a bit dry. Not recommended.

Addiction is an odd place, with decent food. I like what they are trying to do, and on occasion they may successful, but this particular Saturday? It was a ghost town. We actually felt like we were part of a horror movie at times. We dined early to avoid the Saturday night crowds, I guess you could say we suceeded. But we're certainly not addicted.
Went in and was seated for Sunday brunch. Waited 15 minutes looked around and could see that no other tables were being served either then overheard the waiter saying they had run out of bloody Mary mix to the guys that paid for bottomless bloody marys. Didn't seem like they even cared as we were walking out. I'm not super fussy about service but it was very obvious that they don't really give a shit.
One of Vegas' best kept secrets.  HAPPY HOUR A MUST at Addiction!!!   GOOD STUFF ! DELICIOUS!!! food and drinks are 1/2 off! 
We were there at 5 pm on a Sunday and were the only ones in the place but don't let that bother you.  It was worth it!. 

TAPAS MENU: 
The Black cod tostada was wonderful. Kobe Sliders were very tasty.
Stickie Chickie satay with sweet chili sauce, YUM! Usually $8, only  $4 at happy hour. Short Rib Nachos - enough for 3 to share easily.

The "Parm fries" were fine. I just would not recommend them (why fill up on French Fries? )  My only complaint was the decor. sparse and white. a bit too sterile for me. But look out the window at the pool and wait for your reasonable check a the end of your meal and you wont care.
Gil was our waiter.  An avid Snowboarder. Very nice guy.

GO TO HAPPY HOUR!! (they also have " Yappy Hour"  where you can bring the pooches.) How FUN!
Addiction had good French Toast and the waitress was very nice.  The decor is very cool.  Unfortunately, the rest of my review of this restraunt is not favorable.  I also ordered the Egg White Fritata.  Despite the fresh ingredients, the fritata was flavorless and watery.  My friend and I each ordered cafe lattes which we learned were made in a machine similar to one at 7-11...not what you would expect of a $5 latte!  We were at first served coffees with no milk in paper cups.  Next, they waitress and bartender attempted to vorrect the mistake and managed to make one latte, then said that the mavhine was clogged.  We should have left as soon as we recieved our orange juice whice was not cold...sort of a red flag...but then we would have missed the comedy of errors that was Addictions.  Too bad really.  It's a really different, trendy little location with nice people, but the food really doesn't cut it.  We left paying about $40 for three people after a $25 Restraunt.com discount.  It really was bad.  I have had gas since eating there this morning.
We showed up here for dinner and found that there was only one other couple in the place.  Ok, warning sign.  We went ahead and decided to stay.  The waiter came and took drink orders but then had to come back several times because the bar didnt have the simple mixers needed nor some of the alcohol ordered. Ok, another warning.  We ordered the deviled eggs along with some other appetizers.  The eggs were amazing. We ordered dinner asking specifically for our burgers to be cooked with no pink.  When they came they were more than pink, almost red.  Overall, the service was slow and unremarkable, the food (except for the eggs) was horrible and the drinks were so sickening sweet no one could drink them.  Do not waste your time or money here!
GOOD STUFF and very DELICIOUS! 
I was there at 5 pm on a Thursday and was one of the only ones in the place but don't let that bother you.  It is worth it.

Menu I had: 
The Pulled pork $16 was wonderful. Three round medallions came stacked on mashed potatoes.  Fall apart just touching them and very delicious.
.

The Parmesan fries for $6 were fine. I mean they are just french fries with Parmesan cheese sprinkled on them.  Not sure if I would ever get those again but still good.  My only complaint was the white decor, a bit too sterile for me and the seats when you sat in them just kinda swallowed you up making it difficult to actually reach the table. But look out the window at the pool and wait for your reasonable check a the end of your meal and you wont care.
Server was very friendly and so was the chef who came out and explained how he makes the pulled pork - roasted over 4-6 hours....
I came to this place on New Years Eve when every other place was all booked up. The atmosphre was great. This was the first time being in this place. My roommates that I went with said that this hotel was remodeled. Anyways they had a DJ playing music and it was just a good vibe. 

The waitress was very helpful and nice. The place wasn't crowded, I think there was one other party there. The thing that really opened my eyes was that the Cheif came out to the table during our meal and asked us how it was. We told him the food was excellent and really enjoying it. He went on to mention that everything is made fresh daily.

I order the Kobe Beef burger which was awesome! The bacon was on point and crisp just the way I liked it. The Burger was really juicy but kept its form. Along with the burger were these seasoned fries which we really addictive. My other roommate ordered these snowpeas that were seasoned with BBQ sauce, they were also very taste and full of flavor.

There is nothing bad to say about this place, other than the bar was a little price but was to be expected ($9 for a Jack & Coke). Awesome place that not to many people know about. Check it out!!
Without question, this is one of the best dining experiences I've had in Vegas. Professional, delicious, affordable and memorable. If you come here ask for Stephen the chef to give you an experience you won't forget.
I went there for a friend's birthday party.  The decor was very different, you feel like you are in one of the girl clothing store (Modern Luxury feel).  The food was pretty good for it's price.  I had Salmon Salad, Burger and Hanger Steak.  The steak came out cold the first time but the Chef apologize and went ahead made us a new plate right away.  The service was good but it was slow... Our server was nice but everything came out the kitchen were just slow.
Made a reservation here for our Valentine's dinner, but didn't realized that they only have a "Valentine Dinner 3 Courses Menu" for $30 a person until we got to the host stand.  We thought it was a blessing in disguise..however, it was a far cry from it.

We got the following:
-amuse bouche: oyster topped with foam -the oyster does not taste fresh.  Foam wasn't tasty enough to cover the fishy taste.  My fiance wanted to spit it out but thought it would be rude.
-seared scallops: although they were cooked well and the flavors were decent, it was gritty.  They were not clean well.
-NY Skirt Strip:  I ordered this medium rare, it came out COLD.  
-Pan-Roasted Salmon: Salmon was cooked well, however, it was under-seasoned, for a person such as myself who does not eat much salt with my food.  I also was chomping on some grit.  Gross.
-Bread pudding:  This was very tasty.  There were slices of apples within the chunky bread pudding, on top of a perfectly balanced sauce, and a small scoop of icecream.  
-Chocolate molten cake:  came with a small scoop of icecream, which was not enough to cut the richness of the chocolate cake.  Was good, but not as good as the Bread pudding.

Based on the very below par food we had tonight on the "Valentine Dinner," I will have to say no, we will not be returning.  

Oh, my fiance asked if they have McCallan, response was no.  Then he asked if they have Maker, response was no.  My fiance then peeked at their bar and spotted Johnny Walker.  So he ordered a Johnny Walker black.  Seems like their liquor cabinet is limited...
When we walked in on a Sunday night, the place looked deserted! No one eating, and no one serving. We asked a nearby bartender, and he said we could sit where we wanted and he would take our order in minute.

This was weird, but he proved extremely nice and helpful all night.

I got the polenta, and my friend Kent got the burger. We also got the hummus appetizer. The polenta was salty, but the burger and hummus were decent.

The pricing is very reasonable, even though the place is located in Rumor. I'm not sure I would go back, but it was worth the experience to check out the hotel.

It looks like they have a patio that is open during the summers, and maybe a trip back to sit outside in a couple of months would be fun....
The food and the chef were amazing.  Steve, "The People's Chef " greeted us at our table, he was super friendly, and had great suggestions from the menu.  The pasta dish was spectacular and rivals any other outstanding fresh pasta dish we might have tried at high end eateries.

For breakfast, he custom made some Bananas Foster pancakes for my daughter that were perfection.  Attention to detail, freshness and presentation made this trip a very memorable experience.  Will be going back to visit Chef Steve's kitchen soon!
Addiction is a fun, trendy place to dine. The service was satisfactory & the food was delicious. Executive Chef Stephen Austin is very personable. We greatly appreciated that he came out of the kitchen to greet us, ask our opinions of the experience, gave us some background on the food, & even take a fun photo with us. Overall, I'd recommend dining here.
I was there for my birthday, and it was Restaurant Week. The food was delicious and the service was fabulous. The chef came out to greet us and during our dinner he came back to check if everything was okay and if the food was good. I love the ambiance too. They also have an amazingly delicious Happy Hour menu. Highly recommended! Great place for parties and networking functions, too.
Addiction is awesome, came with friends for happy hour, and we were treated like royalty from the time we walked in till the time we left!! Their lounge area is like a super chic living room , with plenty of places to just chill or even head outside when the weather is better! As for the food they have a variety of "tapatizers" the stand outs were any of the sliders, chicken , Kobe beef, or prime rib wit aragula, all were yummy!! Something alittle different but so good we had to do a couple of orders , was the maple bacon popcorn, with real crispy pieces of bacon !! Also standout, was the Tuscan salad with steak, fresh micro greens, and roasted tomato, drizzled with balsamic vinegar , and feta? Cheese! All topped with a small but generous portion of steak , fir the portion and price !! 9$ plus 50% off for happy hour!! As for drinks all were tasty, but my faces were the mojitos !! All in all a great experience, and great service!! And a small but intimate place to talk and catch up with friends!! Kudos to u rumor hotel and addiction for your service and value!!
We had tickets to a concert at Hard Rock, so decided to check out Addiction since it was on Restaurant.com.  We started with the BBQ edamame and the parmesan fires, both were fantastic.  For entrees, we went with the fish tacos and the hanger steak.  Everything we had was delicious and the chef even came out and spoke to us, which was a nice touch.  Addiction is a great little spot for a casual meal that won't break the bank, especially with a Restaurant.com certificate.
We walked in on a Sunday night. There was no one in the place. The restaurant was in the lobby and there was no one in the place. We were met by a really friendly person who took us to the restaurant which was in the lobby and empty.  The place definitely has an interesting look. Upscale and colorful crossed with Ikea modern. 

We went to the restaurant because of the menu they had advertised but it was not the same food that was listed in the place.

The food is fine. Personally not anything amazing I think. The staff is very friendly. I think the food is slightly overpriced but  I would agree with a previous reviewer worth if it if you have a Restaurant.com certificate.
Located in The Rumor Boutique (whatever the devil that entails) Hotel. The menu is not expansive (Perhaps that is what boutique entails) but it does cover the basics. The burger I had was great. The service was good as well. Less noisy than the Hard rock right across the street if that is your bag. Not quite a hidden gem, but still it is worth checking out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Decor was funky and fun.  No one was at the desk to greet us when we arrived.  Our waitress was very friendly but seemed like she was the only person working in the restaurant.  There was a guy that I think was the bartender who was just strolling around the whole time not appearing to be very useful or doing anything of importance.  

Let and tom xtra on a burger.  I ordered the short rib benedict it was delicious.  Fries were really good.
VERY SMALL! Rumor Hotel Restaurant. There was hair on my food, but the waiter was gracious and apologized. My Friend and I also experience some other food mishaps and was comped by the manager, which was unexpected seeing as though we had not asked for the manager, the waitress decided to inform him about our experience with the chef. Great!.

We ordered the Deviled Eggs, Saut Chicken ( had a sweet Chili Sauce), House Salad and BBQ Edamame and Mac-N-Cheese bits (that never made it out to the table, for whatever reason). All was JUST Okay, nothing to make a special trip over. I wouldn't go back! Also did I say this place is VERY SMALL?!?
The Addiction was ok for me. The presentation is nice and the food is... Well.... I've eaten WAYYY better food than this. The soup I ate was really gross
I am SO torn about this restaurant inside the Rumor Hotel.  It's so cool and funky in there all sparkly and black and white and silver and the restaurant is all white white white.  Love the decor.  Also loved that as we waited at the hostess stand, the chef came out and greeted us and introduced himself and seated us, telling us about a change on the menu that day.

What I didn't love is that it seems like maybe whoever was supposed to be waiting tables didn't show up and the bartender acted as our server.  He was very personable and friendly, but the service was terribly slow and it took a LONG time from when we did order before the food was made and delivered.  then the bill was incorrect and then the credit card didn't go through and he had to chase us down.  In their defense, their computer went down and they were having technical difficulties.

BUT, that said, the food was delicious.  My husband REALLY loved his meal which was chicken sliders with potatoes and fried eggs... I had the burger and added a fried egg and it was also really good, although I would have preferred my burger and my egg a little less done.

Overall, it was a REALLLLY long visit, we were probably there about an hour and a half, but somehow we weren't cranky and had an okay time.  And the food is very affordability priced!

I would give them another try.
To sum it all up for you, the Addiction restaurant is part of a poorly ran hotel called the Rumor.  The food is exceptional considering many things. However the SERVICE will make you want slap everyone from the valet to the dishwasher! MY NUMBER 1 ISSUE IS DO THEY SERVE THE FOOD THEY SHOW ON THE MENU & WEBSITE??? The decor is my style for sure cool, hip, funky, risky etc. The Chef is a GREAT chef but delivery is awful. If you are not in a hurry check this place out. It's certainly different and will make say "WHAT DA H... is going on around here?" hahahaha lol smh rolf. # INTERESTING
Stopped into the Rigby (in the former Casbah location) earlier today with some friends, and I think it has some potential. It just opened and it's a rock (mostly Beatles) themed bar.

It's a big space (3 floors) and they did a nice job decorating. The upstairs has a pub feel with a pool table and restaurant seating up front. They are currently converting the basement into a venue, which could be awesome with a dark, cave-like feel.

I tried some of the food - the philly cheese steak and the pork sliders - both items were overly bland and tasted like something I just microwaved. Sandwiches come with ripple chips. Unless they start serving french onion dip (yum), that's not going to fly in Madison. It was 2-for-1 sandwiches and apps, which is a great deal.

Service is good, staff was very nice. I think it's a good addition to the block (if they work on their food).
Cool theme. Curious to see if this place stays quiet or explodes in popularity. It could do either with the whole beatles/classic rock niche. Very excited to see some shows in "the cavern", their dark and dusty brick basement. Kind of creepy looking but its an awesome venue to see some music. They havnt had any shows yet. Tried the Rigby burger, which was ok. The meat/toppings wasn't hugge by any means but the kaiser roll it was on was the size of a football. A little too much bread IMO. The sides were the highlight in my opinion. I don't like super tangy coleslaw and theirs was nice and creamy with a touch of twang. Overall, a cool place with a decent beer selection and cheap, solid food. Its a nice addition to Madison's dynamic bar scene. Ill return to catch a show sometime.
We stopped in here while taking a break from smoking cigars at Maduro's next door (Great Bar). It was a huge culture change. The bar is Beatles themed, but this doesn't seem like the kind of place anyone who was alive when the Beatles were around would ever actually go too. Even we felt out of place a bit at the wisened age of three decades.
That doesn't mean it was a bad bar though!
The tap list was small but decent. Traditional hipster juice (PBR) and assorted microbrews including Fixed Gear from lakefront and Gumballhead from Three Floyds. The bar is narrow but open with a decent amount of seating. The crowd was Hipster Bi-Curious, and young. Early twentiesish and fashionable. Not Madison Ave Fashion  but indie rock band/don't give a shit fashionable. 
They had TV's tuned to sports which seemed odd and out of place. No old VHS of the Ed Sullivan Show? Do kids even know what VHS is? Some girl at my wife's work was asked her why she used the phrase, "Tape it" in reference to recording something on DVR. How times have changed. PRESTO! I just became my Father. Also the music was good but not just Beatles or even Beatles era. Plenty of new indie music was on when we were there
The bar had three floors which I never would have guessed from the outside. The lower "Cavern" level wasn't open when we got there and when we asked about it weren't really given an answer. The upstairs was getting a lot of traffic from members of a band that were playing later in the evening. 
If you're younger go to the Rigby. You might hear some music that is better than the shit on pop radio.
If you're older go to Argus next door or Maduro's for a cigar.
Visited the Rigby recently for Team Trivia (currently Tuesdays at 7pm).  I got there early to eat dinner and reserve a table for my team. I was directed upstairs, and waited about 15 minutes alone before heading back to the main level to order a beer and request a menu. Once they realized I was there, service was kind and attentive. The food was very good for bar food.  The upstairs is a relatively large space, although there is a dart board set up on the middle of one of the walls.  If anyone had been playing darts, at least 2 tables would need to be moved.

The happy hour special ($2.50 taps, 4-7pm) was great, but I never saw a beer menu. I would've preferred to see a list rather than rely on server's memory, although the tap is small enough that shouldn't really be a problem.  I guess I'd just rather mull & decide without wasting a server's time.

I would go back to the Rigby if someone else suggested it, or for trivia again, but I probably won't seek it out.
OK, I've been returning for Team Trivia. Service has gotten much better, and they have beer lists on all the tables now! This rapid and positive change is enough to get another star from me.  The food is good; I recommend chips over fries. I think happy hour is 3-6 now, with specials each day.
This area of Madison has really got it going on with tons of great options including The Rigby! 

The Rigby is good ole fashioned Wisconsin bar confort food done right! They make their salads (potato salad, coleslaw) from scratch and their burgers are very underrated! Staff is great and speed of service is definitely better than some other spots in the area. I've never had any trouble getting in and getting out when in a hurry, and the food is awesome. Try the Rigby burger and their homemade coleslaw!
I've never eaten here, but I've seen a few shows and had drinks here. There was one server who was pretty undesirable, but I was informed that she no longer works there. The rest of the staff is very warm and welcoming. The drinks are always good. The Rigby draws a crowd, but never really feels packed. The location is fantastic.  The live performances are intimate. Overall, a great place to spend a Saturday night or a nice Sunday afternoon (all day happy hour prices).
I want to preface my review with the caveat that I frequent The Rigby for trivia on Tuesday nights.

Atmosphere - Two levels. (three technically, but I've only been to the lower level once) It isn't anything fancy, but it is clean and has  nice windows on the top level.

Wait staff - Usually really great and quick to please. They are friendly and treat their usuals (like me) very well.

Beer - I think they have really improved. They usually have 6 to 7 local draws of solid beers with some standards (ie: two hearted)

Food - They have improved here as well. Besides having cheesy Beatles related names, their food is pretty good for bar food. Chicken fingers have a nice, crispy batter. The homemade chips are usually spot on. The turkey slaw sandwich is yummy.
I can't speak to the food here as I have never eaten it but this place has some SERIOUSLY affordable drinks for a bar on the square.  $3 for rail cocktails... This is dangerous.  The staff always seems friendly and they have a few different spaces, the upstairs has two rooms and then the downstairs bar.  They also have bands from time to time.  The new bar manager used to be at vintage and brought their fabulous Apple Pie Shots with him.  Not a bad place at all!
Great place for a stiff cocktail.  The gummy bears are no joke.  GREAT music every time.
You can't order as bad meal here! Menu is well formed making it easy to pick just what you're in the mood for - lots of choices, but not so many that you get confused. Service is top notch and very friendly. Careful of the baked goods - very addicting! :-)

Beatles atmosphere is awesome!!
We stopped in for a drink while waiting for a table at Red Sushi.  

We grabbed a seat at the bar, inquired about the tap selection, and within a few minutes were enjoying a refreshing Bell's Two Hearted and a Vintage Banana Nut Bread.  We were there quite early, so the crowd was minimal; service was quick and friendly.

The Rigby appears to have an upstairs and downstairs area; the downstairs was closed during the time of our visit.  

After finishing the first round, we decided to share a Delirium Tremens (on tap).  It was excellent, as always.  

The crowd started to pick-up just as we were leaving - I imagine this would be a fun place to hang at while listening to some live music and enjoying a fine beverage or three.  I'll be back!
This place is just OK. The bartender walked by to-be-orderers several times before noticing them. Drinks were sufficiently stiff. The food was hit and miss. 

Nachos - cheese sauce (come on, we're in WI!) and very little cheese. The meat on top was dry, almost like jerkey. It must have gone on before it was broiled, or it sat under the heat lamp for too long. It should have not been served; it clearly looked dry. 

Chicken Tenders - overall quite good. Good but probably not home made BBQ sauce. Fries were just OK. 

Cheese Curds - very good, but not the best in town. Although unusual, the dipping sauce was an interesting change of pace. I think it was ranch dressing mixed with Franks Red Hot.  

We got a goodie bag of free baked goods just before we left, which was a nice touch and a creative way of marketing. 

I am tempted to take off another star because stakeholders in the business clearly wrote their own 5-star reviews (that were filtered out by yelp)
Thank baby Jezus: Food till 2am.
Is it the best food you're going to eat this year?
Mmmmmmmmm, no. BUT, remember, it's 2am, does it matter?
This place is really quirky, but awesome if you get to know it. It's Beatles themed, and the menu is goofy, but the fried cheese curds are fantastic, as is the jalapeno popper burger. The turkey swiss and slaw sandwich is also a winner.

If you really want a great experience, go on a Tuesday night and play trivia. Kim, the trivia reader, is hilarious, and the waitstaff are super sweet and really friendly. They have a decent beer selection
The Rigby is a fun bar just off the Capitol Square.  It is unpretentious and has some pretty good food and solid tap list.  Try the Sergeant Popper Burger, a burger with cream cheese and jalapeno peppers.  It is a theme bar, which I usually don not go for, but The Rigby makes it work.  In case you couldn't tell by the name, the theme is rock and roll with a big Beatles influence.  A big draw here is Team Trivia on Tuesdays at 7PM.  Prizes are awarded for 1st through 3rd place and for best team name.  Win or loose it is always a good time.  The waitstaff is rock solid.   With good food, a solid tap list, friendly staff, good friends, and trivia, this place has become a weekly staple.
I like the Rigby.  The staff and owners are great and I enjoy the food.   The beer selection could be better as there are only 8 taps.  The lunches are good. ..I especially enjoy the club and Caesar wrap.
7/20/13 My wife and I biked downtown and came across The Rigby.  We had no idea it had been open since 2011.  Awesome 70's music was playing.  The bar is tastefully decorated with music memorabilia.  I really enjoyed looking at the framed album covers.  My wife thought it had a Chicago vibe.  They had $2.50 Edmund Fitzgerald's from Great Lakes Brewing Co for a special.  Their spinach dip with veggies, crackers, and tortillas chips was tasty.   The bartender was very pleasant and welcoming.
Terrific Tuesday night trivia! Good beer selection on tap (Fixed Gear, Hoppalicious, Fatty Boombalatty, one of the Vintage taps...). "Hippie Hour" 4-7pm includes $3 rails and taps, $1 PBR and free snacks. The Rigby is Beatles themed and the long wooden bar is an unexpectedly nice place to sit and enjoy a pint.
This was the first restaurant/pub I visited when I moved to Madison last October, and it quickly became a favorite. Most of the food is great - I'd highly recommend the burgers (I like the Here Comes the Sun burger with the fried egg on top), the turkey club wrap and ANY of the soups.  The chefs are talented and creative;  try one of their daily specials some time.  The mac and cheese is a favorite.  They also have fabulous fresh-baked goods (best strawberry scones I've ever had.)

OK, I started with the food, but the real draw here is the atmosphere, which is a great blend of two elements; the tasteful Beatles decor and the friendly staff. My particular favorite is the giant retro album mosaic, including both classics (eponymous Led Zeppelin) and rarities (yeah, my mind just drew a blank). Don't expect All Beatles All The Time;  I doubt anyone can survive that narrow niche - but the music is fun and eclectic.

There is a large upstairs which frequently hosts talent;  some of my favorites over the last year have been The Dirty Pigeons, Colorphase, Misery Jackals and Under the Willow. 

Tuesday night trivia is a must;  Kim is a character;  a latter-day Betty Boop with attitude. 

Tap beers are limited, but they are switched up frequently, so there's always something new to try. Someone said the Gummy Bears were no joke - I would have to second that. 

I should mention I'm 50.  The weekend late-night crowd makes me feel like a relic, but any other time there is a wide variety of ages in both regulars (like me) and newcomers.  But whoever you are, I guarantee you will feel welcome.
Best. Burger. Ever!
Now that that's been said, very comfy, great music and atmosphere, a real 'local' feeling. Happy crowd, and for god's sake, hopefully you get Logan as your bartender because it will be impossible to leave without a smile on your face! Fantastic pub!
A short update to my last review.  The Rigby now has 14 taps on the main floor.  Thanks for listening an adding the 6 additional taps Rigby management.
I have gone to the Rigby about half a dozen times.  The service wasn't bad when it was busy, and they seemed to staff appropriately.  This included when I went in for a tap takeover.  The service hasn't been good though the 3 times I went and it wasn't busy.  One of the times I was just served slowly.  Another time I sat at the bar with my boyfriend for 10 minutes without even being greeted.  There are plenty of other bars near by, so we decided to move along.  The other time my boyfriend and I walked into the bar when it was empty.  We sat at the bar for 10 minutes listening to 2 employees talking in the kitchen.  One of them looked and saw us, and then went back to talking to the other employee.  After that we just decided to leave.  There's no point in staying at a bar where no one wants to serve you.
Ugh Riiiiiiigby. I love you. And I want to keep loving you, but your service has gotten atrocious.
Still a solid 4-stars. Dropped-by while waiting for a band to start at another venue, and decided to grab some grub, as well as a few brews.

+ Friendly, fast, and attentive server - very good guy
+ Menu, while not huge, has typical bar fare at reasonable prices
+ Cheese curds looked to be housemade - they were quite good
+ Nachos were insanely huge; more than enough to feed 8 people
+ Burgers were scrumptious
+ Wraps were tasty and full of fresh veggies and meats

+ Tap list remains very solid
+ Plenty of televisions
+ Clean restrooms
They have a good beer selection although as it warms up it is good to see some of those heavier winter beers go. They had a lot of porters and stouts which is fine with me because that is my bread and butter. They were in the process of transitioning into the lighter spring beers as a lot of places are. 

I am usually pretty leery of fish fry because often they are over breaded. The Rigby had nice thick pieces of cod that were lightly breaded. The fries were ok but they had surprisingly great coleslaw. I usually set that aside but ate all of it. 

The bartender and waitstaff were are really attentive and fun to BS with. Wish I would have been going here longer.

The menu and food is simple mostly bar food but the do it really well from what I saw.
I received a coupon to come in and try them because they were open. We were looking forward to trying this mid eastern style place. I saw the big banners saying they were open. We walked in and were Thrown Out at approximately 5:30 because they reserved the place for a party. Not a soul was there and they wouldn't even let us sit in the bar. My first impression wasn't a good one. The woman asked us to come back tomorrow. If they put a note on the door I would be more understanding. I hope they let YOU in when you make the trip.
This place just opened about 3 weeks ago in the old Famous Sams building. We walked in about 5:45 yesterday evening (Thursday) There was one other table at the time when we were seated. The building is quite large on the inside, with 4-top, 2-top and similar table setups. They have a stage, dance floor. Large bar area with ample seating. They offer music, belly dancing and such on Friday and Saturday nights. The Saturday menu is also a package deal so you get more of their menu in one package for cheaper. They also offer a hooka lounge area with hooka menu. 
They had one person seating, waitng on customers as well as making drinks (even though she wasnt a bartender according to her). Our drinks were so so. But we will let her slide on that due to the fact that she did get 4 or 5 more tables at one time while we were there. They should consider having maybe one more person who can bartend/help serve. They do have a great list of craft beers and a speciality mixed drink menu that isn't too shabby!  Service is what took a star away on my review. 
We started with a Lebanese sausage that was served with onion, peppers. It was quite flavorful and great portion size. We were brought a basket of fresh hot rolls that were white, wheat, and poppy seed, with a thyme, vinaigrette dipping oil that was quite flavorful. My boyfriend had the Lamb Chops dinner which came with 4 nicely sized lamb chops broiled with mjadara, sauted vegetables & grape leaves stuffed with rice and spices. The lamb was melt in your mouth and seasoned perfectly. I had the Cleopatra special which offered a chicken, filet mignon and Kafta Kababs (ground beef) with rice, grilled tomato and onion. A side of a garlic butter type sauce was on the side which was to die for and I had asked for a second serving and did not receive it either due to the one person and the rush she was hit with while we were there. Overall I am very happy to have finally found a place that makes killer beef kabobs that are not tough or under flavored. I will give the service a second chance. I think they are newly opened and going thru growing pains so I would suggest checking them out. Great food. We plan to go back on a Saturday night to check out the entertainment.
The sofa section with the hookahs and the dance floor looked like something I wanted to partake in but the service was less than wonderful and the food was undercooked - I've had better.

Unfortunately, most Middle Eastern restaurants that I have been to lack In the service department. We were the 2nd table in the Egyptian themed restaurant. About 10 min after us, a large group came in and the one server/bartender didn't seem to be able to cut it. We had an appetizer before we had even ordered our main meal. We were done with the appetizer before we even got a chance to get drinks or order our main meals. This meant that we were sitting with menus in our hands while eating the appetizer. It wouldn't have been a big deal but I really wanted to have a drink other than water as well.

 The appetizer we got was the Cleopatra platter for $15 and it had a lot of food with it! I think the best item on the platter was the Tabouleh but adding the meat to the hummus was also pretty tasty. For me, that's where the praise ends.

The service was poor due to being understaffed so I had to flag down someone when my Salmon Kabob came out RAW. The Shrimp Kabob was good but it was not an easy process to actually get to the meat. Even after the Salmon was replaced, no one bothered to even offer to discount any part of the meal. Overall, I am disappointed and will probably not go back.

Meh. I've experienced better.
POOR SERVICE , BAD DRINKS , and SPOILED FOOD.

I do note the poor service was NOT the waitress's fault as she alone was waiting on close to fifty people all by herself.

We looked at the wine selection and decided to go with mixed drinks so we ordered a mojito and long island iced tea. When the drinks arrived we tasted them and they nearly tasted the same. Both tasted mainly of budget artificial lemon aid drink mix. Nether of us could stomach these drinks. The drinks were truly horrible.

We ordered two appetizers, the falafels and the Lebanese Muhammara (spicy red pepper and walnut  dip). I thought the dip was good but the falafels weren't really made right. They were fluffy but had hard things in them that might have been chunks of uncooked hard beans?, unless it was something nonfood?  I was afraid I might break my teeth eating them.

Our dinners arrive and when I took a bite out of the salmon it wasn't right. The salmon was past not fresh and was spoiled. My husband confirmed it as spoiled. The waitress is running around with lots of tables and never comes back. I am left with a plate of spoiled fish to look at. I nibble on the few vegetables I have and notice they cooked some of my tomatoes but added a RAW tomato to plate. (see photo) My husband gives me some food off his plate so I'd have some dinner.

On the cleopatra plate the Kafta had good flavor but was dry. The Chicken was flavorful and good. The filet mignon was so overdone it was dry , chewy and tasteless and didn't even taste like beef with no beef flavor left in it. The plate was came with a little cup that I thought might be hummus but turned out to be unmelted garlic butter.

If somebody puts a gun  to your head and makes you come here for dinner get the chicken kabob.

The waitress arrives and ask if I want a box for my plate. I told her no because the fish was spoiled. She told the management and nobody said anything to me but my meal was removed only because I had a buy one get one coupon.

You won't see any belly dancers either unless you eat dinner at 9pm or later.

This is a new business and I hope they work things out and improve because we have very few nice places to dine at in this part of town.

BUT I NEVER imagined the first time I was here and didn't eat would be the better of my two visits.

I do feel slightly bad but not completely.

My thoughts are I can't forgive about spoiled fish they didn't care about but I did enjoy the chicken and the pepper dip. 

But bad management can spoil a place as we know.
I'm a big fan of Middle Eastern cuisine but I regret to say that much of the food at Cleopatra was decidedly bad. The humus and spinach pie appetizers were both tasty but the "fresh" grilled tilapia brought on the gag reflex. It was anything but fresh. The kafta kebab also tasted like it had seen one day too many. The sirloin kebab was tender and good and the salmon kebab was just OK. The desserts (baklava, knafe, and baklava fingers) all tasted rancid or at the very least, they were not made with butter but rather a less expensive shortening substitute. The subpar cuisine was matched by loud background radio (with commercials).  Apart from the very pleasant wait staff, the food and soundtrack combined to make this dining experience very unpleasant. As another reviewer said, I hope they can improve because the West Valley needs more decent non-chain restaurants.
My dinner here tonight was really pleasant.  We ordered the hot appetizers plate, which gave us a nice sampling of several items, all of which where good. The lamb chops were terrific - juicy, grilled just right, and with great flavor; I love lamb and these were the best lamb chops I've had in years! I was also pleased by the items in the Cleopatra plate - properly grilled chicken, beef, kafta, and vegetable kebabs on a bed of fluffy basmati rice.  The dining area is very spacious, table settings were impeccable, and the service was very friendly and gracious. I am glad that we have this new restaurant in this northwest part of metro Phoenix.
I've just had an excellent Mediterranean / middle eastern meal and without doubt the best, most tender, flavorful lamb I've ever had in my life.  Our server was gracious, helpful, and friendly, and lovely to boot.  She informed us her grandfather had just arrived from Lebanon to their kitchen - and I don't know if the restaurant was operating poorly without him before as indicated in some other reviews, but I'm glad he made his flight and all was well, very well, in the kitchen and operations tonight..

  The other reviews scared us off the salmon and from going on a busy night, but  thank goodness & Groupon, did not keep us from giving the restaurant a try, as neither service nor the food could have been much better.  
  
The inside is large, clean, and neatly appointed. Tables are neatly set with tablecloths and cloth napkins.  Nothing pretentious, but it conveyed a sense of neatness and moderate or higher level of class, compromised a bit by a somewhat incongruously informal level of dress on the part of the manager and some of the light staff, but then it was Sunday night, and slow, at least at our 7:15 PM or so arrival and throughout our meal, though a small number of patrons trickled in during our time there.  I think all appeared to be part of the local middle-eastern community and nearly all appeared to be personally acquainted with the manager or staff..  

A substantial area is devoted to hookah smokers and though there were more than there were diners in the undivided restaurant, the odors did not intrude, and were completely undetectable at our table, or when we passed nearer on our way out.   

We did not order mixed drinks so cannot speak to the quality of those, but we did note there was a bartender, and not our server doing double-duty.  But as to the food: excellent throughout.  The Cleopatra Platter lists "1 each" of chicken, kafta, and filet mignon kabobs, which consisted of a 3 lines of chunks of each meat spanning the length of the sizeable oblong plate atop a sizeable serving of basmati rice cooked to light, fluffy perfection.  Each chunk of chicken was moist, cooked and lightly seasoned to perfection, and the kafta (or as my spellcheck says "Kafka")  though I lack knowledge to adequately describe it, was also among, if not THE best I've ever had, in that it was not only not dry, but pleasurably seasoned.  Only the filet mignon, a little well-done for my blood-thirsty tastes, was only an ordinary level of "good".   I strongly encourage those who had a less than stellar experience to go back -  on a slower night.  Perhaps grandfather wasn't in the kitchen or the limited staff was just overwhelmed on the night you were there, but you would be depriving yourself to not give Cleo another opportunity to float your barge as well as they did ours.
We went here for our date night.  It was amazing....The waitress was wonderful...She knew the menu and was able to answer all our questions.  I had the grilled tilapia...It was cooked to perfection...The rice and grilled veg's were spot on also.  My husband had the steak kebab.  He said the steak was jucy and full of flavor.  The service was excellent.  Never had to ask for anything.  We will be back...Many times...Great experience....
My husband and I ate here tonight after buying their groupon a couple weeks ago. The service was good and the food was outstanding! We tried 3 different appetizers- the cheese borak (AMAZING), the hummus with meat (DELICIOUS) and the spinach pies (good but not outstanding). For our entree we both had the Cleopatra platter... 3 kebobs- chicken, kafta and filet mignon. The chicken and kafta were VERY flavorful, the filet was good but not quite as great as the other 2 kebobs. By far the best thing on the plate was the garlic dip/sauce that came with the chicken. A delicious creamy, garlic sauce that was good on everything! ;-) I highly recommend the restaurant and am very confused by the bad reviews on the restaurant. We will for sure be going back. The location is kinda in a hidden spot, but I hope the restaurant sticks around for awhile...I'm glad to finally have a good middle eastern place in the area! Give it a try!
The food was amazing! We had the hot appetizer platter and the Cleopatra platter... We will definitely return... Soon!
There is no where else I can go to chill and just draw, this horrible city in Arizona is filled with just bars, fast food restaurants, libraries that are never open , countless wal marts and mechanic shops. Lots of furniture shops too.  The parks are filled with dog shit and surrounded by driving cars, there is no where  to just sit down and draw.



So when this interesting Mediterranean restaurant comes into town I though It would be a nice place to chill, eat and draw.   It was nice at first, the waiters were great, they had live music and I cannot draw without music playing. I love creating new things with my work while experiencing new food and music.  I didn't like the food very much but I was willing to pay just to stay for the music, so I can make some art to it.


After about the 5th day I came here they told me I wasn't allowed to Draw here,  No explanation, just a stern look and told me I need to leave my work in the car. 

Basically what it would have left me with was very bland , over priced food.  Although I get to listen to the music, my attention instead is focused on all the   drunken people dancing around- Which is  a shame because I can channel all that musical energy into a really interesting piece of work.  

Well I can't find any place around this city that doesn't tell me to Buy shit and get the fuck out, and I'm always stuck at home because of it. So I won't be coming back to this Bar that sells itself as middle eastern/Mediterranean.  
  

Don't be fooled, this is just another one of the countless bars that Infest this boring suburb, it has a facade of being middle eastern, and its run by middle eastern people, but it is another square that cares more about serving alcohol in this city of squares filled with alcohol. There is no culture here and takes itself more seriously than it should for a place that is just starting out.

the middle east isn't about alcohol and shitty food, it's about real food...and opium.  If you want Mediterranean food, try the Greek Wraps, the Greek Pita, or Chicago Gyros , lots of places around here serve Mediterranean food and actually have the Mediterranean hospitality of giving you a lot of food for a little bit of money, rather than a lot of money for rubbery meat.

In short, told I cant draw there, rubbery, overpriced meat. I mean it took like an hour for the food to get there, what else can I do to pass the time?


And here is a separate review for the music.
-  I love music so much, I don't just listen to it, I study it and perform it.  I like the live music here, though they play lots of shit, some of the dance songs go back to the older rhythms and melodies of popular middle eastern songs I love.  However those good songs are few and far between- they play this garbage that sounds like britney spears and justin bieber but with a commercial license from dubai.  They need to play some Om Kalthoum, fairuz, Abdel Wahab,  bring back the old school and not   this techno-looping, headache inducing drum beat. Get a freaking real drummer and do some solos, stop with these pre recorded smooth jazz synth melodies and bring some ancient egyptian Royal Pharoah music to make this place differentiate itself from every fucking place around here.

-Mishmish
Love my nationality. Absolutely love this place and Mijana. Very fun for an Assyrian and Chaldean get together!
My boyfriend and I had lunch here today. This is a big place and it's beautifully decorated. We were literally the ONLY people eating there, so it was like we had a private restaurant. I was glad to hear from the waitress that the food is Halal, because this means I can bring my mom and family here someday and they can eat anything on the menu.  We had the Cleopatra Hot combination appetizer which came with Kibbe fried, cheese borak, Sambosik, Falafel, and Lolli pop chicken. The lollipop chicken had this wonderful chile type sauce on it and the cheese borak was delicious. We also ordered a greek salad with chicken, which was big enough for two people to share plus I brought a good amount home. The waitress was attentive and made sure we didn't want for anything. I wish they had some exotic non-alcoholic drinks instead of the standard coke products. Standard fare Mediterranean, nothing special and nothing bad.
Dined here last night while attending a benefit comedy show the show started at 8pm so we arrived at 6:30 so we could talk and eat dinner.

When seated we immediately got water but then our waitress was no where to be found.  When we saw her again  we couldn't seem to get her attention. After a long wait we finally did by then several friends of ours who were also there early for dinner and the show, couldn't get service so I told her they wanted to orderr. With prompting she finally waited on their table as well.

Other friends of ours who were there for the show walked out because of the poor service because they were hungry and tired of waiting. THE SERVICE HERE WAS TERRIBLE ! We had to ask for everything from that point on because the waitress like in the review Pepper T. was alone so it wasn't her fault. The restaurant was warned that the place would be busy for the benefit and they only had one server on the floor. 

There was three of us in my party. Kathy R. my wife and myself. We ordered coconut shrimp and spinach pies for appetizers. After a while the waitress informed us they were out of the coconut shrimp at that point we ordered our drinks since the waitress still hadn't asked what we wanted. I stuck with water my wife Carol got a coke and our friend Kathy R. ordered an ice tea.

Because we were there for the comedy show and we were visiting with a lot of people we knew before we realized it an hour had gone by and still no food yet people all around us were getting served. We ordered the Kafta Kabab ( $13.95 )  which was marinated ground beef mixed with minced onions and seasoning and Filet Mignon Kabob ( $16.95 ) Marinated Filet Mignon with grilled veggies. But after another hour waiting for our food there was still nothing. When we finally inquired where our food was we were told by the waitress she lost our ticket but our food was in the back and she would get it. More waiting and waiting and waiting. By now the comedy show started and it was 8pm and our food finally arrived. 

Both of the Kababs were not hot they were warm, the meat was overcooked, dry and tough. I was expecting a flavorful Lebanese food , NOT!! Would have been much better warmer. The waitress never even asked how our food was. They get a single star only for the pita and the rice, beyond that.... fast food has a leg or two up on their food. Sad but true! 

FOOD: The kebabs were dry and without much flavor. Overall a big waste of money. We left hungry, and needless to say I was pretty dissatisfied with the whole establishment, the food and can not recommend it. PRICE: Expensive for what you get. The food is my main complaint, which is pretty serious if the review is about a restaurant. SERVICE:  EXTREMELY SLOW !!. Obviously I'm waiting for my food and even after asking about it were still waiting.. but still no word... Seriously?  AMBIANCE:  Modern Middle eastern with plenty of room. Definitely NOT short on ambience. But my review is not about the ambience or the comedy show it's on the food there. CONCLUSION:I rate this place at a 1 Not worth wasting your money. We're never spending another penny at this place. Sad the first time I ate here and it will definitely be the very last RETURN FACTOR: 0

************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
My fiance' and his family have taken multiple large parties to this restaurant over the last few years.  The food is always awesome and we have always received excellent service WHEN WE ARE WITH THEM.  However, today I went in to make a catering order for our small wedding ceremony we are having in a week.  I called ahead, spoke TO THE OWNER who said he was the person I should speak to and I informed him I would be in in an hour.  I was and I asked for Tony.  I ended up sitting at the bar for over an hour with no Tony.  We had ordered an appetizer while we were waiting and never got the check.  I ended up storming out after getting no attention from anyone.  

THIS IS AN OWNERSHIP PROBLEM ALL THE WAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The staff was too sparse for the party that was going on and everyone was angry.  The bartender had one helper and there were no waitresses.  And, by the way, the bartender had to read from a book to figure out a drink that was ordered and it took her 20 minutes to figure it out.

On top of everything else, one of the partners of the establishment was sitting right next to me at the bar and never once offered help or introduced himself.  Guess he figured he didn't look like anyone so I wouldn't know who he was.  

I am telling my in-laws to never take another party there and I will never darken their door again until it says 'UNDER NEW OWNERSHIP' above the sign.
This is the first review I have ever written only because for the first time ever I feel it is 100% warranted.  Please heed the previous posts about extremely poor service, or no service at all!  I'm sorry I didn't.

My boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try since it's right in our neighborhood and wanted to stay away from the typical chain restaurants.  We walked in around 5pm on a Friday to an empty restaurant.  There were two people sitting in the hookah lounge, no one at the bar.  Not even a bar tender.  The hostess/waitress seated us right away, gave us menus and said she would be right back with water, which she was.  That was the last we ever saw of her.  Even when she poured the waters she never asked us for a drink order, appetizers, nothing.  We waited, waited, waited.  She walked by a few times with what appeared to be an order pad but she also had a large notepad and seemed to be more interested in planning the evening's entertainment than taking care of us.  Even after trying to flag her down a few times she just ignored us.  So after twenty minutes we walked out....and proceeded across the parking lot to Le Chalet where they have a great happy hour and awesome food!
After 13 months Norm R and I returned to Cleo's on Saturday evening, 10/19/13, and we remain totally satisfied customers who loved the food before and now. This time I went for the lamb chops I'd sampled before and they were equally perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, tender, moist, and just, well, perfect.  The plate also included I think 4 stuffed grape leaf pieces, which were quite satisfying and tasty, and a bed of fluffy  (basmati?) rice. 

There were perhaps two groups of 10-12 each, and one other pair of unaffiliated customers in the large dining room.  Our server was friendly, helpful, and kept on the move.  I did not notice if there was another server, but as on our previous visit, there was a separate person serving as bartender, so our server was not doing double duty. My water glass only went dry once for a couple of minutes, and never required flagging our waitress down for refill.   Having a bit to spare at the end, we treated ourselves to a baklava, which unusually but deliciously, was served warm.  

Not so much a negative as a distraction, there were perhaps four barren, slightly battered small tables with chairs outside along the sidewalk. With no tablecloths or anything else, they just gave the impression of being a place for the middle eastern guys to sit outside and smoke, though they were unoccupied on this occasion.  Overall however, we thoroughly enjoyed the meal and have no complaints about the service.  

Good Lord and Groupon willing, I'm hoping for far less time in between the next visit.
This place is great, good hookah, well made cocktails and hummus that will make you question all other hummus you have ever eaten!
Love everything about this place!...except the service. We went on a Sat night for a friend's birthday. The belly dancer was awesome and funny. The band was excellent. Everybody there was super friendly and welcoming. And the food was so good! Our only complaint was that the bartenders & waitresses seemed to not really care that there were customers there. We bought a Yelp deal and they were refusing to honor it...then we went up to the bar to talk to someone else and he refused to honor it. My fiancee, who works at Yelp, knew it was valid & that they had to honor it & eventually they did. A minor inconvenience though for an otherwise great night!
Went back here tonight with my family. They loved the zucchini rings and the saffron rice. Mom likes the grape leaves. The wings are really good. The lamb was a little bland. I like the feta in the Greek salad and the olives were delicious. The atmosphere is nice, it's not loud, you can have a conversation. Nice bar and hookahs.
Unlike the real Cleopatra who swooned her subjects with her beauty and majestic presence, this Cleopatra is a plain Jane from the exterior.  It's in a non-descript strip mall next to Winco and from the exterior, it looks like a sad, forgotten bar.  And we were a little confused by their hours of operation from 3pm-midnight.
Luckily, this Cleopatra is anything but plain Jane when you walk thru the front door.  It's by no means fancy.  Instead, I felt like minutes before I was in Phoenix, AZ and now I am in another country, more specifically Turkey.
The interior of the restaurant is what I imagine a restaurant in Turkey would be set up.  To the left, big seating area with couches for those communal pipes and drinking of coffee and tea by men.  To the right, lots of table and chairs with numbers on them for what I assume is for karoke singing and dancing as to the right side back there is a band setup, karoke machine, and a dance floor.
The best surprise, which every restaurant strives for and what costumers to write about is that the FOOD was delicious, excellent, and mouth watering yum, yum!
We ordered the Cleopatra salad, spinach pie, falafel, lamb chops and chicken kabob.
The salad dressing on the salad had just the right amount of herbs and tanginess that it opened up our appetite.  My son devoured the chicken kabob and asked if we could get the recipe from the restaurant.  My husband and I loved the spinach pie, falafel, and I loved the lamb chops.  The lamp chops were perfectly grilled.  And the falafels were possibly the best I've ever had.  Slightly crispy on the outside but oh so delicate, moist and flaky on the inside.
Throughout our dinner, we commented that we were soooo happy to have come here, what a pleasant surprise the food was as from the exterior, we did not expect much and how we would definitely return again as good Mediterranean food is hard to find in the Valley.
So Cleopatra, thanks for a wonderful dining experience and see you soon again!
My boyfriend and I were going to eat at this restaurant even after reading some of the negative reviews for this place. When we got to the door, we noticed how run-down this place was although they've only been there for a year.  Upon entering, it was very bright and had cafeteria-styled seating to the right, rows of sofas for hookahs on the left, a giant bar at center, and was not-at-all busy for a Friday night. There was one waitress as far as we could tell, who was confused by why we were there, "are you here to stay for dinner, or...?" We were seated, began reading the menu, and everything was quite expensive.  We decided based on the ambiance to go to the amazing fondue and crepe place just across the parking lot.
Not as good as Persian Room, yet they have really good meat and great service.

Hookah is well packed, hookah guys are nice and change out charcoal and maintain regularly. Lots of options.

They also have live music sometimes. Drinks are pretty good too.
The food here is absolutely amazing.  It hasn't been busy either time that I came, but for the price and the serving size, I would highly recommend this place if you're looking for something out of the ordinary and truly unique.  The inside has a great atmosphere complemented with music videos of artists from all over the Middle East, Eastern Europe, and Northern Africa.  Definitely check this place out!
Love the food here, but I just came by at 6:30 on a Friday to get some food and they're closed... nothing posted on the door that they would be closed during this time... super disappointed. Please update your hours of operation if you're going to be closed. That's just bad business.
this was the worst service by far, this place is under staffed, for such a big place that gets pretty busy on weekends it only has 3 servers that ive seen

when we have a party of 10 or 15 and there is one server who has many other tables that are also big parties it takes forever! i have never waited so long for a simple hookah. 

the BAR IS EVEN WORSE THERE IS TWO OR ONE BARTENDERS AND THEY ARE SLOW THEY SUCK AT MIXING DRINKS. AND THEY ARE OVERPRICED.

I pay for quality and if i am paying a good chunck of cash on the weekend i expect good service. they need more staff for sure. and new bartenders. it just takes too long for everything. even when the place is packed. Im never going back. dont waste your time.
Everything was excellent. This food is outstanding, loaded with flavour, and it was delivered very quickly.
I took my fianc here for a romantic dinner with a groupon I purchased for him. We love Middle Eastern food and couldn't wait to try out the kabobs and basmati rice, humice and falafel.  We went in and the place was almost empty, with just a few couples dining.  There must have been about 10 staff members, several of whom were sitting in the hookah lounge, smoking, yet we had to wait to be seated. Televisions with Arabic programs were playing a bit too loudly, but that did not deter us despite wanting a nice atmosphere.  Should have left from these minor issues, but had a groupon to use so shook it off and waited.  We were seated in the middle of the room next to the hookah lounge and ordered our food and a drink.  All was well for about 10 minutes.  Then all of a sudden, staff started hauling couches and lounge chairs out of the restaurant and hauling folding tables and chairs in through the back and past our table.  They opened the doors in the back and hauled in several chairs at a time, laying the chairs all over.  It was a circus and the place was freezing because the doors were open.  It was like dining in the middle of a house where the movers came in to move you out.  It was loud, chaotic and anything BUT romantic and pleasant.  At first I politely asked what was going on and to please close the door because we were cold. They did no such thing and the service only got worse. The waitress told us that even though it was chaotic now, the fun would be coming because they had belly dancers coming, so to just be patient. They claimed a big party was coming in without notice (we are talking about 80 people and that they needed to prepare for them. Then I was angry and complained about being cold and being seated where we were practically being hit by legs of chairs while staff hauled them in...to which they made excuses.  Our food arrived, we shoveled in what we could and got the bill with no deductions for the disasterous service and chaos in the place. I am not even sure about the quality of the food because I was so ticked off about everything else, it was ridiculous. The belly dancers or whatever music get-up they had planned were not there by the time we left at 9pm and I wouldn't have stayed if the real Elvis arrived on stage!  The groupon was not worth what we paid for it and in fact, it was the WORST dining experience I have EVER had.  Heck I have had better dining experiences in the McDonald's Playland!  I would not ever go back to this horrific place. The only positive thing about the whole place was the lamps and getting out of there without getting hit in the head with a chair leg! I have to give it a one star, but it hurt to even give them one!
The food is great, but the restaurant is shady. I placed a large order through GrubHub and waited for for over an hour and a half until the expected delivery time. Then I waited another 30 minutes for good measure, when I called GrubHub they talked with the restaurant and they were informed by the restaurant that they did not have a driver and they did not make the order. 

This is appalling to me, all the restaurant had to do was contact GrubHub and tell them they were not able to complete the order. I would not have been happy, but I would not have waited two hours with no food being made. This makes me re-think whether I should even return to the restaurant to eat in.
You know how sometimes you REALLY want to like a restaurant, even before going there?  That's how I felt about the Mesquite Grille, since it's located about 2 minutes from our home here at McDowell Mountain Ranch.  Walking in the door the setting was upscale comfortable and quiet.  A TV was showing soccer over the bar, and we opted for the booths (the place was nearly empty on a Tuesday night).  

For the appetizer, I had the iceberg wedge, as this is one of my favorite salads, however, this had to be one of the smallest wedges I've seen.  It was topped with a blue cheese dressing, blue cheese crumbles, and two small tomato wedges, a very austere version compared to other versions I've had.

This was followed by the green pork chile taco entree.  Despite coming to the table on a hot plate, in a small, hot metal kettle, the chile itself was surprisingly only mildly warm.  This could be overlooked, but it was about as bland as food as I've ever eaten.  I ate it straight out of the kettle, and it was like eating... nothing.  The chile was supplemented by three soft tacos, cabbage, and salsa for toppings.  A very forgettable meal.

On a more positive note, though, the taco entree came with a side order of french fries (?), an unusual combination, but the fries were hot and crunchy.  Yum!

I may go back again in a while, but my hopes for a close-by neighborhood eatery were dashed with my first visit.  Sigh.
We decided to get a bite to eat after golf and since this is in my neighborhood was hoping for it to be good. They seemed understaffed. I ordered the chicken sAlad with Raspberry Viniagrette. The salad came with ice berg lettuce, was overly dressed and had dark chicken (grilled) on it. It was not very good. My husband ordered a hot dog and fries. He said the hot dog was good, and fries fine. But when the bill came we were charged $7 for the hot dog and another $6 for the fries. My salad was $8. I hope they are working on something because it was not a good experience and sad we only have the Twisted Lizzard to eat at locally.
Food isn't great but the setting is!  Beautiful views of sunset mountain and city.
The Mesquite Grille is the restaurant at the McDowell Mountain Ranch Golf Course. My husband and I stopped by for lunch on a Thursday recently and were pleasantly surprised. The main entrance is a humungous wooden door that is beautiful and surprisingly not heavy. The inside is decorated with other wooden accents and looks how I would imagine a golf club restaurant to look. Swanky yet down to earth with some Sonoran touches. Since it was a beautiful fall afternoon, we choose to sit on the patio where we were able to overlook the greens and watch golfers practice their swing. 

Our waitress was quick to arrive and take our drink orders. The menu is on the simple side and nothing too fancy. My husband opted to go with their burger and onion rings. The waitress advised that they weren't traditional onion rings so much as a shoestring version. I ordered the mahi mahi tacos and asked if the regular fries or sweet potato fries were better. The waitress said both were good and offered to do a split of both. That sounded good so I agreed. 

We didn't have to wait very long for our food, it arrived rather quickly. My husband enjoyed his burger and the onion "rings" were good as well. They were thicker than shoestring, but not traditional rings - more like half rings and plenty of them. My tacos were outstanding. They came with a side of guacamole and salsa, so I could top them as I pleased. The mahi mahi was delicious and seasoned well. Even my husband was a little jealous. The sweet potato fries were much better than the regular fries - the regular fries were thick cut and not very crispy. (If you've read any of my previous reviews, you'll know I'm a stickler on French fries and how I like mine.) 

Overall, it was an enjoyable lunch. The food and service were good, the patio was nice to sit at, and best of all, the restaurant is really close to both work and home. We'll definitely be back.
I went to the Mesquite grille on monday night and was very pleasantly surprised.  I took my wife and two kids.  The service was excellent, the food was great and the ambiance was spectacular.  We have been here before and the service wasn't great but we decided since we live in the community to give it another try.  I am glad we did.  We will definitely be back.
The food is quite good here but the service is terrible. The servers are nice but they are way understaffed in the kitchen and on the floor. 45+ minute waits once you've ordered are more the norm than the exception. It's a shame the service and overall restaurant management is so poor because we like the food.

Today is especially bad which is surprising since it's not too busy. We've waited over 45 minutes with no food in site. Our kids are getting restless so we've decide to get up and leave hungry and frustrated. 

Hopefully they read these reviews and get their act together. Understaffed and slow seem to be a common theme.
This place is AMAZING!  The BEST sunset view in North Scottsdale! Great food and great wine! Jamie and Austin are the BOMB!! If you have never been here....what are you waiting for....go!
On this occasion the food was mediocre and the service was slow.  I do like the ambience here but it was a little frustrating today!
Great atmosphere and loved the live music on Sunday nights. Got the chicken pot pie and a large salad. The pie was good-- much different than expected. The salad was uninspired and not great. Love the location and hope the food keeps getting better.
Outstanding halibut special last night!   Very tender cut perfectly grilled.  I would have given 5 stars but it needed something else besides 5 very small spears of asparagus on the side.  Knowledgable wait staff.  I took a friend visiting from Kansas City to enjoy the beautiful patio view looking out over the city lights.  This has to be one of the best patio views in North Scottsdale.  Very talented vocalist playing acoustic guitar.  A lovely way to spend a relaxing evening.  A best kept secret, but please share!
What a spectacular view, beautiful patio with a wonderful fireplace.  Service was great could not have been treated any better, great wine selection and with 1/2 bottles on Saturday nights makes it even better. The menu selection has great verity, I really enjoyed the Sun Devil Salad and the Fish tacos are wonderful.
Went for Mothers Day brunch ... AMAZING view, great food, good service.  I can't wait to return!!
WOW.  What a great experience!

We came in on a Sunday evening to experience ALL-DAY Happy Hour, Live Music from the incredible Ryan Sims, and one of the most beautiful views in Scottsdale.

The food and drinks were outstanding, as was the service.  

I can't wait to return for another night of music at sunset.
The view is amazing! The food was great as was service. Took my mother-in-law who also enjoyed it. We had lunch - my chicken wrap was great as we're the sweet pot fries.  I've also enjoyed their appetizers and wine. Overall - good experience.
They don't have their liquor license...YET, so our group was kind of disappointed when we showed up for Design AND Wine and found it would be minus the wine. Some people were going to leave but were convinced to stay. Overall it was a great experience and the owner was very apologetic that they weren't in full swing yet. They should be getting their liquor license by the end of the month. Will definitely be going back another time.
Yummy asparagus rolls, free refills and awesome staff! Highly recommended for first time painters
This is one of my favorite painting spots now! Met up with friends and we had such a funtastic time! One of our friends never painted before and was very apprehensive about it, when she saw the final result she was amazed of how wonderful she could paint, actually the instructor was very easy to follow and took her time and reminded us that we were not in a race and it did not have to look exactly like hers or your friends. The staff is very friendly and attentive we ordered our wine and food, the wine was brought out immediately and the food followed shortly, the food was delicious and the dessert was divine! Although, it was a full class the seating is comfortable, the place is clean (a sink to rinse your paint cup was a plus). The music was great! Overall it was a picture perfect time and "I will be back" :) I encourage you to try it, even if you think you don't know how to paint (like most of us thought).
My gf and I were excited to try this place. It's in our neighborhood & seemed like something we'd enjoy. Well, we went in & were told that "Design AND Wine" had no liquor license. We wanted the full experience we talked about for several weeks. After all, Nobody notified us in advance that Design AND Wine could serve no wine. We said we'd like to change our reservation for a later date when they had their problems worked out. Even though they were unprepaired to open they were completely unapologetic & unwilling to be flexible or accommodating in any way. 
I hate to be a negative reviewer. But they really left me no other option. I hope my gf leaves 1 too. There are way too many entertainment options in LV to accept such poor customer service & attitude.
This was actually way better than I expected. First of all, in September, the new Green Valley location was only $19, which I think is a good price. The food/drink is not really a great value, but it's ok. Beers were $5, glasses of wine $7, paninis $7, and desserts $6, I think. I wish they would run specials, like entry for 2 and a bottle of wine for $50 or something....

I really want to be artistic, but I just don't cut it on any creative level, so when I saw the painting we would be copying for the night, I was like, "no way. That is way too hard!" The instructor takes you through everything step by step, with what brush to use, how to mix a color, and how and where to apply it, so yours doesn't exactly look like the original, but I thought mine came out pretty good! Good enough to be proud of and hang up in the house!

It's definitely a woman-scene. The night I was there (Wednesday!), every single seat was full except for my friend's because she got sick (about 50 people, total). Of that, only 2 were men. One looked like a boyfriend who came on a date, and one was just a random single old guy who sat next to me. 

Overall, it was a fun evening. I won't become a regular, but I might do it again some day.
As always Rachel, Avi and staff give one hundred percent dedication to each and every customer. I have been to both locations and have always been treated with kindness and respect! The prices are fair and there are always specials and give always happening! These people work hard to provide a great, relaxing time! They make everyone feel wanted and talented! The food is worth every penny and the wine is delicious, and trust me cuz I'm picky about wine. I have been to both locations and have always had a great time! I cannot wait until I get to experience a private party coming up! I am sure the staff will be just as welcoming and lively as they are when it's open to the public! No fake people here just 100% genuine! And 100% fun!!!!
I have been going to D&W and ever since September 2012 due to a Groupon. And I have been addicted to it ever since. It is a wonderful place for a Girls Night Out, Birthday Parties and Friend Get Togethers. I have gotten ALOT people addicted to it because I rave about it so much. They have gone with me and had a blast and always wants to go again. I have come to know the staff and they are the best. It is a nice place to get away from to relax and paint. I have met some good friends thru this place as well. I go about once or twice and month and sometimes more and I have a AWESOME experience every single time. I LOVE the staff and the place. They will ALWAYS ALWAYS have my business and support.
Design & Wine's new location in Henderson is the bomb!!  Same great service, same outstanding staff and same delicious food that they've spoiled us with at their Las Vegas location!  So glad I now have two Design & Wine locations to choose from! I will continue TO GET MY PAINT ON at this fabulous place!!
i love both locations...this one is just a bit better, more dryers, better water station...i like checking in at the back of the room, rather than fhe front...
great food choices, nice wine, super service...really love this location...
Interesting experience.  Surprisingly (with my lack of painting/drawing talent) my pic came out very close to the original, as did most in the class.  
When i went it was very crowded and I realized a big problem is the lack of space as people place their food on the same area as their painting supplies.  
The workers there (who often did double duty as paint assistants and servers) were very polite and helpful. Instructor was good.
The food options were all yummy but if you're watching your waistline you probably want to eat first. Almost everything was made with butter smeared throughout (paninis, etc.)
Also, beware large parties of loud women.  My friend and I were annoyed at how the women near us wouldn't shut up about non-related BS.  And how they were louder than the instructor so we couldn't always hear what she had to say.
Also, I felt the class was a bit long.  Maybe 2.5 hours and more concise directions - and a shorter dinner break would work better.  I was getting bored by the dinner break which I think was WAY too long btw.

And lastly, it would be nice to have a late night option since so many of us here in Vegas work graveyard hours and are used to eating dinner around 9 pm or later.

Otherwise, totally worth trying if you've never done it.
We have been here twice and had a blast both times. The paninis are delicious and Melissa is a great instructor.
My sister and I went here for the first time today. I choose Design and Wine simply because I felt that their paintings looked more fun than the other paint and wine places. I am so glad I did. When we walked in the instructors for the evening were at the door greeting everyone. They asked if it was our first time and even joked with us a bit. During the class Melissa was helpful and fun! She was very approachable and her instructions were clear and concise. We just didn't know what to expect so we followed her instructions to a tee and ended up with wonderful paintings. Other people were more adventurous and did their own colors. Maybe next time we will. 

Melissa went around to each person to see if they needed help and was available whenever needed. She is definitely an asset. The servers were also very nice and I apologize that I did not think to get their individual names but I was very impressed with them. I definitely suggest checking this out if you get an opportunity. On the way home I was already trying to figure out another time to go back.
I absolutely love this place. It is a great time with family and friends. Stop by and try it out, you will find yourself having a good time.
Love going to Design and Wine! Both locations are great! My friends and I always have the best time and can't wait to go again. The staff is always friendly and eager to meet your needs. My paintings always turn out great! See you soon!
We were slightly intimidated by the detail in our painting. Once we got going and following along we had SO much fun. Robert and the entire team were fabulous. We highly recommend Design and Wine.
I loved this place! It was a very fun environment, funny and interactive staff, great instruction without the pressures of 'performance', and very innovative. 

First, I'll begin with the concept. Great place for an amateur artist to play around and create something, but also open for a more skilled artist to explore. The instructor was very concise, step by step breakdown and entertaining as well. The reins are free though!! I took my boyfriend and he ended up deferring from the instruction and painting a dinosaur destroying a city instead of a peacock (since we both agreed halfway through class that his 'peacock' looked more like a dinosaur) haha. Everyone loved it! It is more of a 'ladies spot' having as he was the only man in that particular class, but he actually enjoyed it as well. 

The wine/beer and food is not overpriced compared to the overall coast of the experience as a whole. We could have easily spent the equivalent at a decent restaurant without the canvas' and fun experience to take away. 

I will definitely be returning at some point to do it again, maybe a ladies night out instead this time. (I won't subject my boyfriend to it in repetition, although it is something fun to try as a date night experience I think, if your significant other isn't intimidated or emasculated by it) 

Overall, we had a blast. Definitely spreading the word!
This place is pretty cool. Drinking and painting is a good mix. Don't wear "good clothes," as my shirt and jeans are now both spotted with paint. I was skeptical about coming here, but we actually had a really good time.
Went Saturday night for a ladies night party. First time doing anything like it but it was great! There were quite a few first timers in our party and it would have been nice if things were explained right away such as how food and drinks worked (no bar, guy took orders, no menus when we got there had to ask). The teacher (can't remember her name, the wine got me!) was fantastic at explaining things. Think she mentioned she teaches art and it shows! She was fun and went at a great pace for everyone to follow. She answered all our questions and gave great feedback throughout the class. The drinks weren't a great value but the same as they would be in a restaurant. The food was surprisingly delicious! Most of us ordered paninis and I didn't hear anything but good comments on them. Only problem..most of us didn't know who or what to tip. The guy who brought our food, the teacher, separately or together. Hope we did it right. Well def be back. Great place for a fun ladies night! Bottle and paint combos like someone suggested on here would be an awesome idea!
It's amazing to me how good the customer service is here! When I call with a question Christina is very friendly and able help. Then when you get to either studio the staff is there to do whatever they can to ensure you have what you need and you have a good time. Thanks for always making this a great experience!
My sister brought me to Design & Wine on a surprise sister date night.  It was so awesome, we had such a great time. Melissa was the best, she gave easy to follow instructions for completing the painting.  I would love to do this again!!!
Came for a birthday party and I was so nervous because I can't paint. Melissa was amazing! She was kind and gave great instruction. The wine and food tasted good as well and I left with a beautiful picture! I'll be back!
A great time.  Go with someone or by yourself, it will be fun no matter what.  The instructor was fun and the place is nicely set up!
This is definitely a different experience,  but I say that in the best way possible!  Lots of fun and a friendly environment.  There is a Menu you could order off of for food and drinks. I only had water and some asparagus puffs. They were ok. Not worth 6 bucks for 5 little puffs that were nothing to write home about. Everyone on staff seemed great.  One smart ass guy amongst the employees who went around making jokes about people's paintings. He was just kidding around but I think it could be taken the wrong way.  This place is definitely worth a try with friends or for a date night.  They even give you a frequent painter card so after so many you get one free. Neat place.
Had the best of time with "ladies night out" in the private room. The instructor was great, the overall staff was great, the food was great, and they had my favorite Riesling! I am now trying to get some other friends to go because this is where you walk away with great laughs, pictures, a full stomach, a painting of your own and an overall great experience!
My friend Shannon and I had the best time! Both first timers, and wow, was this fun! I have never painted before, and I was pretty sure it would turn out awful but the instructor was so good, I was very pleasantly surprised! The food was yummy, the instructor was awesome, and the staff was so friendly and helpful!!
First time painting here. It was a great experience, and Melissa was a great host. There were many first timers as well as veterans, and various age groups. The pace Melissa went at was perfect for all.  We didn't have lunch, but did spring for desert. The chocolate croissants were delicious. Served warm and flaked to perfection. Will be back for sure
I loved it, went with 2 girlfriends and we had such a good time ! My painting is not great , but it was a fun experience . The instructor Elsa was great , and Marcos sang a beautiful song to 2 birthday girls .
So, my lady and I did a couples' night event. She'd been to an individual D&W before; this was my first. I think painting should have a therapeutic effect, but the instructor, Melissa, went WAY too quickly for that. The experience was more stressful than therapeutic. Melissa was 5-10 minutes ahead of us the whole time.

Drinks and food were expensive but tasty. I might try it again...at a different location or with a different instructor. $150 to be rushed through a painting while being rushed through your meal...not really worth it.
I love this place. Every time you get a beautiful masterpiece that you never thought you could create. I would give it 5 stars, but this last time, they were really late serving our dinner. We got it after the break, which made it really hard to eat it because the instructor was really fast. I mean really fast! Plus we were sitting in the seats where we looked at her back the whole time, and we weren't able to see what she was doing. By the time we could, she was on the next step,so that was frustrating. With that being said, it is still a great night out. We'll be back Saturday for Starry Night. The food is excellent and the service is usually great. It really is a great value for your money.
Would do this again my friend and I had a wonderful time.
My Daughter and her friends did this and it looked fun so off to Henderson we went. Our style is different than when the girls came and we did "Dare to Dream" It is so funny everyone's picture is the same but different. I loved being able to have a glass of wine to relax me. I didn't know about my picture but m Son wants it and so does my Granddaughter must be ok then We are more criticle of our work.
The instructer was a lot of  fun and very helpful and all the servers were fun. I would do it again in a minute. My friend and I are in are 70's and we had a blast this is not just for the young.Thanks for the memories. Linda Andrade
Wow, what a difference! Gave it another shot and had an awesome experience! 

I thought I'd booked our session, only to find out when we got there that I'd had technical difficulties in booking (my fault). Rachel took great care of us and found us a spot in the class.

The paintings were very cool, and Andrea was such an amazing instructor! In an earlier lesson, I felt rushed and ignored. Not this time - Andrea answered questions, went at a reasonable pace, and gave tips if anyone was having problems. The food was tasty and we weren't rushed to finish, the wine was good, the red velvet cake was delicious... This was an excellent time, well worth it! Thank you so much, Rachel, Andrea, and Carlos (who serenaded those with birthdays with a Spanish birthday song on acoustic guitar!)!