Wow Someone reviewed Penazzi? Hehehe ok so I just had the Crab Cake here...Mind you it was to go? But it was Yum. Been here before...had Oyster shooters or two....The staff was nice. Even to a guy like me. Mind you I can be a jerk. Definitely cool people. I liked to watch this one tall girl shuck. Yea she was definitely a good shucker. I've never seen anyone shuck so fast. I wish I can shuck that accurately. I try to shuck with skill. But back to the food. Great seafood. Scampi good. Calamari - YUM. So Harrah's is finally comin up some more. So if you don't know where Penazzi's is - GO INSIDE HARRAH'S ask directions, then later you can go to Carnival Court and Get drunk.
Ok, here's the deal.  I feel like an ass because I haven't written a review since my last trip anywhere (which was SF).  I realized, quite sadly, that I haven't visited anywhere new in a while that made me think of reviewing.  It seems to be a trip thing now--which clearly blows, since I live to review!!

Anywho, I went on another family escapade to Sin City during Spring Break.  We stayed at Harrah's again cause it was free.  Last time we ate there, I was somewhat disappointed.  This time, the experience was notably better.  We had dinner at their Italian restaurant that I didn't know existed until my mom suggested we have dinner there.   Here's the thing: we had arrived earlier that day, and my sister and I spent some time walking around the Strip until dinnertime.  We get to the restaurant and all I can say is that I was underdressed from here to yesteryear.  Woops!!!  Someone say something man!!  A change of clothes was only an elevator ride away.  But, as my cousin was quick to point out, not too big a deal--it's Vegas; you get brides and bums dining in the same restaurant at the same time.  (I was the bum!!)

I had a great Caesar salad to start.  Yes I sample Caesar salads a lot, cause it's one of those things--like the onion soup, or the fish tacos.  The bread basket was damn good, too.  A nice olive oil/vinegar brought to the table; shaken, not stirred.  The Pinot Grigio was darn good--really bold and flavorful.  I had scallops for dinner.  Oh were they good?!!!?!!  Umm, yes.  The potatoes were tasty, too.   I sampled my sister's pasta with vodka sauce and prosciutto and shrimp.  I really liked it.  You're supposed to taste the pasta in these dished people.  The pasta isn't supposed to be drowning in some thick sauce.

Dessert was ridiculous!!  We were stuffed full, but decided to order the dessert on the menu meant for two people.  So here comes this GIANT mound of cream.  (Apparently the dessert's name was "white mountain" in Italian---I have no cultural tact, clearly.)  Then, the waiter brings up this cart with a grill, lights the sucker and pours some lovely Amaretto into a pan.  Next thing you know, that liquid's on fire and is being poured (still with flames about) onto the white mound.  AHHHHH, white mountain on freakin' liquor fire!!!!  Yes, we attracted attention with our choice of dessert.  The bachelorette party at the next table took pictures...He cut into it, and it was dark chocolate and white chocolate gelato inside.  It was REALLY good!!!  BTW, it said for two...two what?  Hippos?!!?  The thing was HYUGE!!  No really, I'm a fatass, but really...

A final note on the ambience---a tad cheese, but who cares!?  It's Vegas.  Open kitchen with lots of flames and sounds and smells.  A traveling guitarist playing all the kitschy Italian hits---sing it if you know it!!!  (And my dad did know quite a few of them.  My lushed-up mother kept telling him that he sings much better than the guitarist and that he should take over...'nuff about that.)  The owner travelled from table to table chatting up the clientele.  All around a darn good time.
My Dad insisted on this place for dinner this last family trip to Vegas on Friday.  The restaurant side was actually closed with only the oyster bar open but one of the servers actually catered to our big party and seated us at one of the restaurant sections.  How accomodating.  I must say, this place had the freshest oysters I've had.  It was sooooo good.  We also had the crab and shrimp and seafood cocktail for our appetizers along with cups of their New England clam chowder.  We were in seafood heaven!  

The entire party enjoyed all their entrees which consisted of grilled halibut, seafood jambalaya, blackened scallop fettucine, langostine salad w/ house dressing to name a few.  

Our server was absolutely fabulous and had a great sense of humor.

Great turn-out for my parents' 30th anniversary dinner.  I would definitely come back here on our next trip.
This place was real good. The oysters are so fresh, as good as bar crudo in SF. 
Got the Oysters and the blackened scallop pasta and the new england clam chowder. Everything was so good, besides the pasta in the scallop plate. but the scallops were delicious. Just get the oysters!! 
One of my best meals in vegas. Will definately come back again. for 4 people the bill came out to about $100. Not bad at all.
We took the GF's dad (and his Diamond Player's card) to this place for some quick grub since the bar at Harrah's Rincon was delicious.  It's probably the best thing I did that weekend.

They have a good selection of oysters, soup, and pastas.  Personally, I didn't care much for anything but the oysters, so I vaguely remember what I ate.  It pretty much left me speechless.  My recommendation?....check it out for yourself.  Thank me later.
I randomly ate here maybe a year or two ago w/ friends bc we were staying across the way, and my friend had a bunch of credits for free food.  My friend got some red wine sauce linguini w/ jumbo shrimp and it was freaking delicious.  I've been craving it ever since, so this time around, we came back and both ordered the same dish.  Of course, it wasn't as good as I remembered (mainly bc the four jumbo shrimp it came with was overcooked and the pasta was slightly cold), but it was still good.  We also ordered the Manhattan Clam Chowder, which was really yummy and perfect for a hangover.  Though my friend didn't get the clams again, she said they were really good the last time.  Bread wasn't that great, but we were hardly able to put a dent in our food bc the portions were pretty large so it didn't matter anyways.
We ate at Penazzi for a couple of our friends' birthdays while we were staying at Harrah's.  We got dressed up for the occasion, though like most places in Vegas it wasn't necessary (except for the clubs).  We were given a the small room in the back with a large round table, which worked great for us.  We were served promptly, though it took quite a while for the food to come out.

At least in the meantime the bread we got with the balsamic dip was addicting.  I thoroughly enjoyed what I ordered, the special (a seafood risotto), though some of my friends felt they overpaid for what they got.  We also had some great entertainment from one of the hosts, who shared some Italian wisdom with us and some wine recommendations.

At the end of the meal, a couple of chocolate banana desserts were brought out for the celebrants, which we all ate up.  I can't speak for how it would be for a romantic dinner for two, but Penazzi sure is great for a big group.
This place is AWESOME!  My boyfriend and I just randomly decided to go here instead of wherever else we were going to go and I was not disappointed.  I got a half dozen Oysters Royale which are oysters with kind of creme and some caviar on top.  My boyfriend got the salmon.  And we both got oyster shooters.  First, the Oysters Royale was excellent.  I love oysters already and these were the best I've ever had.  My boyfriend hasn't had good experiences with oysters but even he thought these were excellent.  I wish I had gotten a dozen, but the half-dozen was already 20 bucks.  Oh well, money well-spent in my opinion.  My boyfriend's salmon was also very very good.  Cooked perfectly and just yummy!  I got the bloody mary oyster shooter and my boyfriend got some kind of tequila lime one.  All of the shooters are very spicy!  Mine was particularly so, but I loved it!  I definitely recommend getting one.  Why not, yeah?  So after I ate the oysters, I was watching my boyfriend eat and I decided that I wanted more.  So I order some kind of seafood soup in hearty tomato soup.  Let me say that it was AMAZING!  I LOVE tomatoes, so this soup was heaven!  There were scallops, shrimp, clams, mussels, and even half of a lobster tail in the soup!  MMMMMM!  The bill ended up being around 70 bucks for the two of us, but it was well worth it in my opinion!  We spent around the same amount at the Wynn Buffet the next day and that was a huge letdown.  I wish I had just come back to the Oyster Bar instead!
We found the Oyster Bar through Yelp and it certainly lived up to the positive reviews.  We liked it so much, in fact, that we had dinner here twice over our Vegas weekend trip.

Where do I start?  The oysters on the rocks are incredibly fresh and at only $20 a dozen, it doesn't get much better than that.  The crab cakes are absolutely delicious and the calamari was crisp on the outside and tender to the bite.

The bouillabaisse is loaded with fresh lobster, scallops, jumbo prawns, mussels, and clams and is simmered in a rich, saffron-infused broth.  The jambalaya pasta had a creamy, smoky, flavorful sauce and was generously tossed with chicken, sausage, and jumbo prawns.  The grilled king crab legs were phenomenal.  They were served hot and coated in a buttery glaze of seasonings and spices and served with drawn butter and lemon wedges.

The wait staff is great too.  Our waitresses on both occasions were friendly, accommodating, and attentive.

I've been visiting Las Vegas twice a year for the past 8 years already and I've paid anywhere from 2 figures to 4 figures for meals depending on where I wish to dine.  I'd have to say that the Oyster Bar has been one of the better dining experiences I've had without costing me an arm and a leg.  It makes me wonder if some of those haute cuisine venues are simply full of overpriced pretension.

*note* Although the Oyster Bar is adjacent to Penazzi, they're actually 2 different restaurants.  The Oyster Bar does not take reservations, it's first come first serve and you seat yourself.  (which isn't as bad as it sounds, it was never overcrowded and we never had to wrestle for seating)  The Oyster Bar and Penazzi also have independent menus, so don't make the mistake of making a reservation at Penazzi thinking you can order items from the Oyster Bar.  Some of the other reviews are confusing in that aspect and I wanted to clarify because my family and I nearly commited that blunder.
Talk about a diamond in the rough!!
We read the reviews of the oyster bar but went to the restaurant instead.  We were not disappointed.  The calamari was tender and lightly breaded quite a large portion too (3 to 4 people).  We had a fish and pasta dish both was excellent.  The frutti de mare was a little bit spicy but good with a large amount of seafood.  The fish was scallops dusted with pistachios and sitting on top of creamed leeks.  We didn't have dessert but they looked good as they past the table.

The servers were very attentive, friendly and knowledgeable. The wine by the glass was very limited. But all and all a great place to eat.
After totally stumbling into this restaurant, we were absolutely surprised that it was one of the best meals we have ever had on the strip!!!  The artichoke in lemon garlic sauce appetizer was to die for!  The Cesar salad was perfect and the veal piccata and halibut dishes were pure perfection.  The wait staff were very attentive and friendly without being overly pushy.    I would recommend this place to anyone.   Definitely going back again!

This place could count as a hole in the wall kinda place done Vegas style.
We entrusted the help of our fellow yelpers for a good place to eat before going to our show. We turned our sights on the Oyster Bar and unfortunately, it did not live up to the expectation we had set for it.

Luckily for us, we were looking for something light, but we didn't expect having something light would compromise for taste. We ordered two dozen oysters, one served on the half shell ($20) and the Royale ($29) which had caviar and some creme on it. They both came out considerably small (take note of the photos) and the sad part was if you closed your eyes, you would not be able to tell the difference between the two. Til this day, I still don't know what the fuss is over caviar. Anyhow, the oysters were not only small, but lacked in flavor. I was clearly disappointed because I knew I could get about twice as many oysters at my local crawfish house. Sadness. 

At least the crab cakes did not disappoint. They were light, crisp, and slightly oily but not bad at all. The sauce accompanied with it was great, but even with that being said, I can't overlook the fact that this oyster bar didn't have good oysters!

It isn't the best place to hang out at either. Your view is basically the casino floor and a small bar area with a display of ice and oysters on them. 

Too bad we looked forward to something all weekend that ended up being a huge let down =(
Fellow Yelpers, you have hit the nail on the head with this one. 

I'm originally from the East Coast and I do have opinions about seafood. Stuck-up, know-it-all opinions... and I was blown away by this restaurant. 

I went to this restaurant strictly based on the reviews I read here and I had an incredible experience! We ordered a garden salad, half-dozen oysters on the half-shell, crab cakes, and the bouillabaisse. 

The salad was your standard restaurant starter. Fresh vegetables and nothing fancy. But that's not what I came for. The oysters - the OYSTERS!! YES!! - were so, so good. I was sorry we had only ordered a half dozen! They were cold, fresh, shucked in front of us, and eaten in about two minutes. The "Maryland-Style" crab cakes were very meaty, with very little, if no bread at all. The seasoning was very light and I was impressed, and I am very, VERY opinionated when anyone claims "Maryland" when describing their crab dishes. The bouillabaisse had LARGE shrimp and HUGE scallops as well as mussels, clams, lobster and fish. The broth was a little too rich for my taste but I can appreciate how enjoyable the dish is. I noticed that the people seated next to us had ordered the jambalaya and a fried shrimp appetizer. Both of those dishes had the very large shrimp. On the other side of us, I overheard a man telling his server that he comes to this restaurant every time he visits Las Vegas, and was bringing his companion for the first time, who remarked about how much they enjoyed the food. 

Our server was excellent. He was very friendly, offered helpful suggestions and even hinted to us that while there was a charge for an official split-plate request, there was no charge for him to bring me an extra plate... (if I wanted to split the food myself). 

A great meal and I will definetly be back!
My friends and I had stayed at Harrah's for Memorial Day weekend and kept seeing posters of this oyster bar.  One of the girls and I are crazy about oysters so we decided to check this place out.

The host/waiter (I didn't get his name) was extremely nice.  He was very friendly, helpful, and provided great service.  My friend and I ordered a half dozen of the Oysters Royale (raw) and half dozen of the Oyster Rockefeller (baked).  Both dishes were really good although I liked the Oysters Royale more because of both the caviar and oysters freshness.

Although it is a bit pricey ($30 for both dishes), it was well worth it.
"Oyster- gasmic!"

[First impression]
Harrah has an oyster bar?

Indeed they do. And a pretty darn good one at that. We needed a light "snack" while strolling the Strip and decided to go for some oysters. When in the middle of the desert right? Why not! I was sold when I found out they had my favorite-- Fanny Bay. We decided to get a dozen mixed which is usually a great way to try a little bit of everything. 

[Suggestion]
*Avoid the temptation to get a dozen mixed oysters and go straight for the Fanny Bay. They are by far my favorite-- small to medium size, creamy and meaty. 

[Tips]
*Sit at the bar.
Woo hoo~ Deals are still to be had in Las Vegas.  A dozen freshly shucked oysters for $20! We made the mistake of ordering other things like the oyster shooter and Rockefeller oysters neither of which was a bargain or exceptionally delicious. We should have just gotten two dozens. No, wait, make that 3 dozens! I regret that I spent $200 at Bouchon. I could have had at least 3 meals at the Oyster Bar with that money. I ordered a glass of Prosecco, and the pour was extremely generous. Almost filled up to the top. Yeah! My husband got a strawberry margarita, which was delicious and stronger and cheaper than the one we had at the Mirage. 

It's a must-try on the strip in my book.
five stars for the oysters! this is as delicious and fresh as it gets! especially in the summer when vegas is at its hottest. i cant get enough of their cocktail sauce either.

ladies beware though, theres a waiter that stares at boobies.. and he does not do it discretely. 

but other than that, everything was just fab. ive had a pasta dish there before and it was really good.. the bread and butter is yummy.. and the waiters (minus the boob-staring pervert) are funny and likeable

oh yeah this place is in Harrah's
After reading the reviews here I had in mind what I wanted to order when I got to the Oyster Bar only to find they changed there menu just 3 days before. The new menu is up now on line but it wasn't when I was there this weekend. Seems like the menu has fewer choices. The food was excellent and fresh. We had a nice bottle of wine with our food. The Manhattan clam chowder was spicer than I have had before but thats what I liked about it. Now I am craving it. We even went back the next day to try the pasta dishes. Everything was great and we even enjoyed the people at the bar and the cook. I didn't see the pervert (might be cause I am a old grandma).
The food is really what earned this 5 stars.  One chef who took our order was subtly rude.  The other one checked up on us well and made very pleasant conversation.

This place was easy to find in Harrah's, and we got very quick service at about 8pm on a Sunday night.  We had the Oysters Rockefeller style (baked with cheese, breadcrumbs, etc.) and they were FANTASTIC.  The seafood risotto was also very well cooked and we got quite a bit more lobster in it than expected for $24.  We will definitely be making a stop in here next year when we go back to Vegas!!
A dozen oysters for $20 FTW!

This review is strictly for oysters only. 

First of all, I love oysters. Hell, I love them so much that I made my bf walk 1 mile down the strip in 103 degree weather JUST so I could eat them. Did I mention that this was right after we finished having lunch too? Yeah, he definitely hated me that day. 

At $20 for a dozen or $12 for half dozen, I think this place is a great deal. The oysters are fresh, the servers give you all the condiments to go with it (lemon, horse radish, cocktail sauce, etc) and my entire time there turned into a oyster binge-eating contest all by myself (boyfriend was too full from lunch to join me) Hell, it was so good that the server convinced me to buy another dozen. I still can't believe I spent $40 just eating oysters but oh well.

I wanna say this is this is the best because frankly, I don't know where else they would sell oysters for such a good deal. The half-dozen price is pretty common but the $20 dozen price is what made me love this place. 

I'm not a fan of Harrah's but this oyster bar makes me love Harrah's just a little bit more.
Excellent place for lunch!  We got a couple seats at the bar and we were quickly served.  We ordered a dozen oysters and got another dozen of our favorite of the two they had (Fannie Bay, I think - nice and briny).  The waiter paired the oysters with some excellent wine.  Finally we got another 1/2 dozen of the other (more mild) and finished everything off with the wonderful bread pudding.  All of this for $80!

It was awesome to sit right next to where the chef was shucking the oysters.  Also the horseradish that they served with the oysters is super freshly grated!  It was awesome!  Just watch out how much you put on because it can get really spicy.

This was one of my most favorite meals while I was in Vegas.  And I will be going back to this place again!
Service was excellent from the moment we sat ourselves to the moment we left.  Our server, Heidi, was pleasant and knowledgeable on both the menu and drinks.  She rattled off the entire beer menu to us without missing a beat..very impressive Ms. Heidi and kudos.  We ordered the clam chowder and fried calamari.  The calamari was an appetizer size, but wow this can feed four easily..it was served in a huge bowl and came nicely fried and very tender.  Came with an even mix of tentacles and rings.  Served with lemon, aioli and marinara sauce..delicious!  The clam chowder was very good as well.  Hubby and I came in just for a small bite to tide us over til dinner - wow..this ended up being our dinner!  I will be sure to visit this place every time I go to Vegas.  It's located right by the Harrah's buffet and Penazzi's main restaurant.
I went simply to get a dozen oysters and that's what I got.  They were great, shucked freshly behind the bar, good horseradish.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I was behind a pole from where the wait staff hung out and was neglected (out of sight, out of mind).  But $20 for a great dozen of oysters is worth a bit of a wait for a beverage refill.
Great atmosphere. 

Food very good. 

Wait service not the caliber of Circo, but very good nonetheless! 

Food was rushed out even though restaurant was relatively empty. This is the loss of a star.  I like my meals spaced out more!

Calamari was excellent. Not over cooked. Not rubbery.

Our dinners were excellent as well.  My wife's Shrimp scampi was perfectly cooked.  The shrimp were huge, the portions large, and the garlic heavy!  My sausage and chicken was very good as well.  Great flavors and great portion!

Definitely a must, even a return visit!  Forget Circo at Bellaggio, go here and be happy for considerably less!
So supposedly this is the best place for oysters. A few of us met up here for lunch. The oysters were pretty good, but it's not like I could fill up on it so we ordered a bunch of other appetizers. The tuna roll was not very good, but the crabcakes dipped in the sauce were good, and the deep fried oysters were pretty good. It's also in Harrah's which you can easily miss if you do not know how to get here. We ordered key lime pie for dessert that tasted like cheesecake with a hint of lime. Not bad for key lime pie for the first time.
I highly recommend this place for oyster. The sushi sucked though. And they key lime pie taste just like cheesecake.
This place is not crowded which I love and their oysters are ooo so yum.  The waiter said they had two types of oysters and for some reason "Asian people" like the "Fanny Bay Oysters" compared to the "Blue Point Oysters."  I then proceed to ask him why he said "Fanny Bay has a fishier taste to it."  I ordered the "Fanny Bay Oysters" and I'm glad I did.  

Things you should expect:

Don't expect a 5 star oyster bar.  It's a laid back oyster bar and the only thing we recommend are the following:

-Clam Chowder : Rich and creamy filled with clams.
-Steamed Little Neck Clams: The broth is buttery and has herbs
-Oysters:  You're not going to get full off of them so order a dozen per person.
-Calamari:  Make sure to ask them to do it WELL DONE or EXTRA Crispy.  They are the best when they are extra done.  If you don't tell them that they'll come out a little soft.

If you want a quick fix JUST for oyster and a snack come here to eat or grab a bite.  Don't come here looking for a 5 star feast.
I got a hookup here from the casino and so eating it for 50% off tasted a lot better. My friend got the oyster dozen and I tried one, it was good (on ice), but tasted of nothing special. I couldn't necessarily discern the freshness or flavor from any other good oyster. I'm guessing it was average/good to everyone else, but not standout for an "oyster bar." The New England clam chowder (the red version) was actually really good, had a ton of seafood and clams in it (though I tasted some small shell bits which wasn't nice), but it was really tasty, I recommend it. I got the fish of the day which was mahi-mahi, one of my top 4 fish behind sea bass, salmon, and swordfish, it was solid - grilled with lime and lemon pepper (nothing I couldn't have made on my own). I'd say as averagely tasty as it gets. I wouldn't really recommend this place for Vegas. It's not bad at all, also the service is very average to poor. For the price and location and ambiance you can go to a million better seafood spots.
Bf and I ate there two nights in a row. The raw oysters were nice and reasonably priced: $20/dozen. They are open till 2am on fri and sat night, and serve the oysters that late, yesss! The second night we tried the seafood risotto - heaven! The wine selection was kinda weak, but I still found what I wanted. We'll be back for more!
Great little place.  Fast service and the food wasn't that bad or bland.

Half of the group ordered the $15 special (smaller portions, but there was a salad).  

There was free bread, and lots of it which helped some of us fill up due to the smaller portions, although some were still left hungry.  

Service was fast.  Table for 10 was ready in a minute.
I woke up from a nap and immediately turned to Mr. Hottie and demanded oysters. He raised a brow and I knew he was thinking "Great. What's this going to cost me??" So I hopped on Yelp to find reasonably priced oysters. I found Oyster Bar and read Su K's review regarding the place being a good deal and I was sold! 
   
We hit the door dressed up for a fab night out. We arrived at Oyster Bar around 10pm. I ordered a glass of prosecco and we ordered a dozen oysters. Oyster Bar carries 3 kinds of oysters on any given night, so we mixed the variety up. Actually, I let Mr. Hottie mix things up and I sat back and sipped my beverage! 
   
The oyster quality was great! Some of the oysters were fresh and briny, others were soft and buttery. The freshness of each oyster was without question! We also ordered the mussels. Now I'm not a huge fan of mussels and these didn't win me over. They were a tad overcooked in my opinion; still the broth was full of flavor. 
   
We sat at the actual bar of the restaurant and our waiter was attentive and talkative. He was also preparing the food behind the bar! He kept checking on our food and making sure we had everything we needed. 
   
Oyster Bar is one of the best bargains I have seen in a while in Vegas. A dozen oysters were 20 bones with all condiments included. Was this a fancy seafood restaurant? No. It's a casual place to stop in, have a drink and have some fresh oysters before heading out for the evening! I will definitely be back to visit!
I was a little hesitant eating oysters hung over. I have a super sensitive stomach and raw oysters are not a number one choice at any time hung over.

BUT i love oysters especially fresh raw delicious oysters. We order a dozen raw oysters with crab cakes. The oysters are fresh and the crab cakes were delicious! For only $30 for two people I would definitely suggest Oyster Bar for a quick seafood fix!
Thumbs up to the dozen oysters, which were FRESH!

And the yummy crab cakes that me and my gf devoured! 

Everyone working here were so friendly and helpful. I swear when we sat down we had 2 different cooks and servers asked if we've been helped.
I had to give this place 5 stars because it's such a great value for Vegas.  After a brief search on Yelp for an inexpensive seafood spot, Penazzi's was the overwhelming winner.  So once we got to Vegas and checked into our hotel, we headed down to Harrah's and plopped ourselves at the bar here.

The only time I've had raw oysters before was a couple shooters at the Acme Oyster House in New Orleans a long time ago, and even that had tabasco sauce and alcohol or something in it...so basically I had never had raw oysters because they skeeved me out a little bit.  I like mussels ok but I've always found clams to be too sea-water-tasting, and that's what I expected oysters to taste like too.

Well not these!! We ordered a half dozen raw and a half dozen fried oysters and they were as fresh as could be, and not ocean-y at all!!  In fact, I liked the raw oysters BETTER than the fried ones, because they were just so darn refreshing.  The fried oysters were serious though, because they were WHOLE--not the pieces you sometimes get at seafood restaurants.  When you bite into them, oyster juices go everywhere.  

We were pretty hungry so we also ordered a bowl of lobster bisque and the linguini fra diavolo with mussels.  The bisque was pretty gross in my opinion, but they sure weren't skimpy with the mussels!!!  It was good, but pretty spicy.  The raw oysters were the clear winner of the evening.

This place isn't cheap by any other city's standards but it really is a pretty good deal in Vegas--I highly recommend you check it out!!
FRESH and CHEAP!  Another point for Yelp!!

We came here for dinner after a short walk on the strip.  There was a sign that said "Seat Yourself" so we sat at the bar.

We ordered the Neptune's Martini and a half dozen Rockefellers -- very impressive.  My wife doesn't normally eat raw oysters but she tried these, and said they were pretty good!  Some dude next to us ordered Rockefellers with chopped shrimp, spinach, crab meat and bacon!  We didn't know they customize orders, so we'll have to come back and try that one!  Dinner comes with free bread.  I, personally, would ask for just the flat bread.  It's so fresh and crispy!

I wanted more raw oysters so I ordered another half dozen.  Use caution when sampling the horseradish!  As Russell Peters would say... "It's mind BLASTING!"

We also ordered some Jambalaya w/ Chicken.  This was very tasty!  Their Andouille and Tasso was out of this world!

At this point we had to undo our belts a few notches, and we were ready to leave... but then, there they were... Crab Cakes!  This other couple also sitting at the bar ordered them, and we had to have them!  These were pure crab (no bread), perfectly spiced!  They were a little on the moist side, but otherwise very good!  The Remoulade was the perfect compliment!  TIP:  Try it with the flat bread!

With that, we called it a dinner and left... a few pounds heavier!  Definitely recommended!!
Wonderful restaurant inside Harrah's hotel casino.
Came here to have diner and service was outstanding.
Oysters, and the rest of the meal was delicious, tasty, and doen right.

The waitress Angie was very attentive, and made our evening pleasant. Definitively recommended.

Will go back.
A great little Vegas gem.  I had heard some good things about this place, and the reviews were right.  Wife and I shared a dozen and a half oysters with a couple of chilled Grey Goose shots followed by their Jumbo Shrimp cocktail, and ended with the seafood risotto and a few glasses of bubbly.  The oysters were really fresh, the shrimp were jumbo although I thought 6 shrimp would have been better than the 4 they gave, and the risotto offered some much needed warmth from the 50 degree weather outside.  I'll be back next time we're here...could turn into a tradition.  A walk down the strip, some oysters, vodka and bubbly only in Vegas.
Amazing. We ordered a dozen fresh raw oysters, a dozen Rockerfellers, and a dozen of the deep-fried ones. In the future I'd probably get all raw ones! They were SO good and delicious.

The fried ones were more batter and flour than oyster, so I would stay away from those if given a choice between the three. 

There's not much to be said of the ambiance. It's too bad, because the oysters are SO GOOD. This place would probably be busier if it weren't a Monday night at 4:30pm. And if it weren't at Harrah's.
ahhhhh brah. perspektive. when i read the reviews on yelp i wuz ready to trip.. even brought my moms-- an old skool shucker from the dirty south gulf coast.

service wuz great.. but... oysters.. nahhhh bruh.  they were TINY.. looked all cute on my plate.. but for $20 ?!?.. this may be a bargain to you kind folks on the left coast, but i've had much much better, bigger, saltier, fresher oysters at the likes of acme oyster house and felix's in n'awlins.. & paid less than $9/dozen. listen, you gots to go to know. the tuna roll-- 1 out of  5 stars, the lobster bisque-- tasted like it came from a can of campbell's soup.

this dude wuz disappointed. and mom confirmed-- she wuz like, "yo, son.. you gots to do betta than dis". sorry, mom.

next stop in vegas, chinatown. stay tuned.
I guess the only reason I am not giving them a 5 star is simply because I usually set the bar really high, so a 4 star from me means definitely worth a try!

We ordered a dozen oyster(half fresh and half fried), they tasted so good and fresh(my stomach didn't complain what's so ever). They gave us three types of sauces for fresh oyster-- cocktail, horseradish, and ranch.( they also provide tobasco)

I ordered sauteed clam pasta with white sauce. Not only it tasted good, they gave me lots of clams--Seriously-- I think I probably got 25+ or so  clams, and they gave me another big bowl for shells.

My friend ordered seafood risotto which was filled with clams, mussel jumbo shrimp and even real lobster! They don't use strong wines like many Italian places in Cali do, instead it has stronger flavor of tomato sauce.

As of price, I think it is very subjective. Some might feel it dirty cheap, some might feel the opposite. My opinion is, given the quality and the service( the guy who gave us service that night was extremely friendly and helpful), it is definitely not pricy. Most of their dishes are priced like many mid-level Italian restaurants in Cali, but they have a better quality!
BEFORE YOU HATE ON MY RATING, I just have to say that my review is NOT for the oysters.  I don't eat oysters, not because I don't like them, but because I'm afraid to like them..too much.  Haha.  So I'm sure this is the place to go if you want oysters but my review is solely for their crab cake, sauteed clams in white sauce, and their customer service.

First the crab cakes: very good price.  I read the menu and knew right away that that was what I was going to order.  $16 for crab cakes is about right..but wait until see the size of those babies!  They give you two huge gallops of crab cake, with real crab meat and a slight crunch on the outer layer.  The salad it sat on was amazing and the sauce it came with was even better.  I'd come back for their crab cakes anytime!

Now their pasta:  I was preferring the Shrimp Scampi but since my friends were already ordering the sauteed clams in white sauce, I thought..wth, I'll give that a try.  If it weren't for this dish, I may have given Oyster Bar 4 stars.  But because of this dish, I've decided to subtract a star.  ALMOST TWO!  This dish was...unacceptable for a restaurant of their status.  Yea, they give you a lot of clams...more like a lot of shells with no clams inside!  I thought, maybe they all fell out.  No.  I know the difference between clams and pasta.  It was really bland, too.  I couldn't even finish my portion.  The three of us left a pretty large amount of pasta behind.  No doggy bag, thanks.

Finally, their service.  Although friendly, it was slow.  We had a party of 9 but was waiting for 2 more.  Our waiter told us to "holler" when we were ready but how do we HOLLER if he's nowhere to be seen?  Also, two elderly ladies walked in and were seated next to us about 15 minutes after we sat down.  How come they were served bread before us?  Doesn't make sense.

So all in all, 4 stars for crab cake, 1 for clam pasta, 2 for service.
the oysters here are bomb diggity!! I dont even usually like oysters because i think it has that ocean taste but these oysters were delish!!! and the prices are very reasonable!

I also ordered the shrimp scampi and that was good as well. The shrimps were a good size and the sauce was very tasty. I am excited to pay this place another visit when i come back to vegas
What a delight.  Had modest expectations, but the food was excellent. I had linguine with clams, and the light, white wine sauce had a lemony accent.  My daughter kept stealing off my plate, though she really enjoyed her gnocchi, which were large and plump and clearly homemade.  The wait staff was very friendly and personable, but the service a little slow, so plan to relax.  We had 6PM reservations and had to get out by 7:10 to make it to a show, and we did make it.  Prices were reasonable and we enjoyed a yummy split of champagne that was perfect for the two of us.
We stumbled upon this restaurant as we were picking up our Improv tickets early in the day, the menu looked good, and since we had to come back to the hotel for the show later, we figured it was worth a try!

My family is a bunch of seafood lovers, and we got our fill of seafood at the Oyster Bar!  We started off with the Lobster Bisque (so rich, and HUGE chunks of lobster), steamed clams in white wine broth (AMAZING) and some fresh oysters (SO FRESH!).

We also tried the crab legs, seafood risotto (swimming with seafood) and the scallops.  We loved everything, and felt that we really found a hidden gem in Vegas because you don't normally think of Harrah's as a dining mecca!  The prices were very reasonable compared to some of the high end dining options in Vegas...so I will be back next time I am in town!
I'm sad to say that Harrahs changed up their restaurant management who then decided to completely revamp the menu here.  They still serve oysters of course, but they aren't as good :(  They got rid of the awesome cioppino and the bouillabaisse so there's no point in going back.  I can't believe I went back just to get the bouillabaisse and they didn't have it!
6 oyster shooters with Patron Silver was perfect. The freshest oysters we've had so far in Las Vegas. Nice and plump with very little of an ocean taste. We sat at the bar and served by the most friendliest guy. It was a great atmostphere. We will consider coming back in the future. Usually we just go to Asian Buffet for all you can eat oysters but really it's a huge difference in quality.
Awesome place! We were looking for a nice oyster bar that had a good selection of wine and fresh oysters and we found it! Service was quick and knowledgeable and the atmosphere made an immediate impression. Located at the back of the casino close to the parking garage, so it was easy to get to!
I was craving for raw oysters after looking at my old pictures at Boiling Crab. There aren't many oyster bars on the strip (probably the only one on the strip) but luckily this one is legit. 
Prices are reasonable: $20 for a dozen. You can find cheaper joints with raw oysters like on Spring Mountain Road if you have a car.
Overall, my craving for raw oysters that night was satisfied!
I'm a good Catholic, so yesterday my friend and I went to the Oyster Bar. We got there around 1pm, and it wasn't too busy and we sat right at the bar. We got half a dozen raw oysters and the seafood platter. I had their cosmo, it was a little weak (or not as strong as I was expecting). The food came out pretty quickly, and the crab was just so-so and a little gritty. The oysters were of a pretty decent size.

Our waiter Dominick said that we had to come back the next day to get their bloody marys and oyster shooters...we said "why the hell not" and ordered their oyster shooters with Patron. Holy crap. I was expecting an ounce of Patron with an oyster...no. We got 3 OUNCES of Patron with an oyster. He also made a Caesar and gave me a little bit of the leftover. It was really good, and I am not a fan of Clamato! Needless to say, it was a great way to start the night. Maybe I'm not such a good Catholic...
After spending the morning and part of the afternoon driving to Vegas, it was finally time to relax. Having read reviews of this place here on Yelp, I decided that some oysters would hit the spot, and my boyfriend agreed.

People, you were right! We split a dozen oysters (okay, I ate most of them) and got a couple of glasses of wine. The oysters were big, fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced. And yay for horseradish! The wine was priced a bit higher than in Utah. However, our glasses would have been at least 1.5 glasses in Utah, so it worked out. 

The service was quite good, and I enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere of the place. It was great to sit at the bar, relax, and occasionally glance over at the college basketball on the TV. 

We seriously considered coming back here a few times during our trip, but we decided that we needed to have some variety. However, I'll definitely be back here next time I'm in Vegas.
Ordered the seafood platter which comes with 3 of each: halved crab legs, oysters, mussels, shrimp and half a lobster tail. Ordered another half dozen of raw oysters since they didn't have any Rockefeller's
today. Then New England Clam Chowder to warm our bellies. I usually don't eat seafood far from the ocean since I have a seafood allergy, but from the YELP reviews I went with everyone's review and took a zyrtec just in case my food allegy starts to flare up. Everything was fresh and service was prompt during lunch hour. A star off since the chowder was on the warm side. 

They list on the menu that the sampler comes with brandied cocktail sauce, but there was a buttery concoction that came with our order and sparked my interest to dip cold seafood into it. It came with it for a reason, so order extra lemon aioli sauce that comes with the sampler platter. So good!
The gnocchi with bolognese is outstanding. Probably the best I've ever had. Service was great. It was a very quiet restaurant and romantic. Give it a whirl. You can also get a half off coupon coupons from Tix for Tonight.
Horrible. Do not go here. Well at least not in the later hours. The service was HORRIBLE. The food wasn't good. Overall a waste of time and money.
This place is phenomenal!!!  It was so good that we had dinner here twice in a row.  We had their oysters and bouillabaisse.  Both were great!  The oysters were very fresh and the bouillabaisse (seafood soup) was very chunky and flavorful.  And on top of it all, it was very reasonably priced.

For all you vegas visitors, come check this place out!
I had the grilled oysters here, and, oh. my. goodness. They  were ULTRA delicious!  YUM!  They came with red cocktail sauce, lemon, grated horseradish (the strong, sinus-clearing stuff) plus a standard appetizer of some cracker bread with a roll  that they serve before every order.   Apparently they were grilled with some butter or some sort of oil.  The cracker bread was actually perfect with the oysters, their juices and the oil. I added some Tabasco sauce which they have available, to achieve my own personal taste perfection.   I only ordered a half-dozen, and wished I had ordered the full dozen!

Minus one star for somewhat shoddy service. I originally ordered crab cakes, but after several minutes they came back and said that they had not been able to start them yet and suggested other menu choices - normally I would dock 2-3 stars for this, but my second-choice of the grilled oysters was delicious enough to make me an instant fan of this place.
This is the best place ever!!!! I was never up to trying Oysters, and still to this day I only eat them from here. They are delicious!!!!! Clean place, great chef's!! Affordable prices! I crave this place all the time, I want to drive there just to eat there!!!
I had a dozen oysters, Cesar salad, and the chef gave me and my girlfriends this bomb plate, I believe it was Tiger Shrimp Brushetta. OMG This was the greatest part!!!! I still can't get over how FANTASTIC this tasted!! I give this place 5 stars, and recommend it to anyone who is iffy about trying oysters!!!!! We were all in heaven, this wasn't my first time there, however it was for my girlfriends, and they want to go back. They did not want to eat or drink anything after to savor the taste!!!
I'm not really a seafood kinda girl but the bf loves oysters so it was decided.  We trekked what seemed like miles to Harrah's and hunted down this oyster bar.  It is in the most awkward area for a restaurant.

Ordered the lobster bisque - yummy and creamy! And I also had the salmon which was DELICIOUS! The portion was surprisingly generous. The salmon was nicely seasoned and the glaze was really tasty. It's served with white rice which was kind of awkward.

The bf ordered jumbo shrimp cocktail and half dozen half shells.  I assume he enjoyed it because he didn't leave any crumbs behind.

I wasn't that impressed with the service or the place.  "meh"
My boyfriend and I went to try this place after reading good reviews on Yelp...I was disappointed.  The oysters weren't very fresh, the waiter was stuffy, and my boyfriend's salmon and rice came in little itty portions served on an oversized plate. I also tried their "Sugar Daddy" cocktail and it tasted like Tylenol.  I don't dislike the place but I probably wouldn't go back.
Quick service and great menu selection! This was our first experience with an Oyster Bar. The 15$ six-shooter with Patron is highly recommend, best money I spent in Vegas and the presentation was beautiful.
The environment was great, hip, and fun. Our waiter/chef was awesome he served up some hella good margarita that lasted me the whole night to be drunk! Well worth it! The food was amazing! My sister and husband had oysters they said it was really good. I had the risotto rice rice seafood dish. It's similar to the Spanish Paella dish. It has a curry cream rich elegant tang to it. The clams, mussels, lobsters, and king prawn where a great size and I still had some left over. It's a great sit down joint to enjoy the hustle and bustle of Harrah's without being secluded from the action. Also our waiter/chef reminded me of Carlos Mencia with his Spanish accent; great personality and charming charisma! He brought the food and environment alive! My sister had the blackened fish; the flavors mingled and tinged together. It was unique flavorful that was worth eating slow!
My friend and I were almost nearing broke when Chef "Nameless" from the Oyster Bar called out to us and told us to take a seat at the bar. We told him our wallets couldn't handle the Oyster Bar, but he insisted that we try out his food. I have always wanted to try this place out so i didn't put up much of a fight haha. We sat down and ordered a dozen oysters ($20) and gobbled them down with horseradish, tabasco, and pepper- my fave. They give you  complimentary crispy flatbread with your order, and our chef gave us a try of different types of oysters and sesame flatbread. SO NICE! We enjoyed every last drop and crumb of our in-between-meal, meal. I love the service (he ended up hooking it up fatty $$$) and the food. This is definitely going to be a must-visit spot in this city.
The oysters are like pearls of goodness....rich, fresh and succulent.  There are plenty of restaurants to choose in Vegas, and since it was my last night at Harrahs with the hubby, I really just wanted to stay in the hotel, find a good place to eat without compromising flavor.  Voila ... Oyster Bar! 

We sat at the bar and Trent our server, who's been working there for 19 years was super fabulous.  His service was impeccable and really showed that he loves his job. 

So I ordered the Grilled Oysters with Garlic-Parmesan Butter and Alaskan King Crab Cocktails....both hit the spot!  I came here for Oysters and even the crab legs did not disappoint.  Overall, we had a great experience and walked away with a happy tummy.

So will I come back here again ...Absolutely!
Very fresh oysters! Just what i needed for a miday snack!
Can we say YUM?
The last time I was in Vegas, (last year), a bunch of my friends went to the Oyster Bar inside Harrah's, while myself and others went to the pool. They were talking about the oyster bar for days after. So this time, I had to go.

I went with my BF and another couple in the middle of the day on a Saturday. Not busy at all. We sat ourselves, and look @ the menu/place mat. We ordered 2 dozen raw oysters, (20/dozen), 2 bowls of clam chowder (6/bowl?), and an order of Manila Clam Steamers in the White Broth (18/order), and I ordered a Mai Tai, which wasn't very strong at all and was $10. (I have no tolerance, so if I say a drink isn't strong.. it's NOT)

The oysters were good, a little larger than I'm used to, but good. They were served with lemon juice, cocktail sauce, and horseradish. We asked for additional tabasco sauce. The clam chowder was delicious. A little thicker than I'd prefer, but good. The clams were my favorite. The clams were small-ish, but the broth was so, so, sooo good. We soaked up our bread and devoured it. I was sad when our waitress took it away. Which by the way, our waitress, Angie, was super nice and super friendly. Loved her.

So going back next time.
THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE OYSTER BAR ONLY:

I love coming here whenever I'm in Vegas. You sit around a bar that has a mound of oysters in the middle. They shuck them to order in front of you. There are TV screens there with sports on at all times. A dozen oysters is $20. They used to have this item on the menu called seafood "ravioli." It had large chunks of lobster in it, shrimp, and other seafood...SO DELICIOUS. Unfortunately they changed their menu. Oh well...their other pastas are okay. We only come for the oysters. You can ask for the dozen half fried half raw if you want too for the same price!
FYI, I just called and Penazzi is no longer open.
It is because of this place that I fell in love with Oyster
this is the reason for me to come back to Vegas..
it's so worth it..
fresh oysters, with amazing horseradish + cocktail sauce..
the amazing thing was that there was no wait!

tomorrow i am going to palace station oyster bar to do a comparison.

how can oyster be this good? its amazing how man found God's creation.. 

thanks Harrah Oyster Bar.. you did well.

p.s. i didn't know why they changed the restaurant title... it confused me... penazzi italian?  where was the italian?
OYSTERS OYSTERS OYSTERS.

I don't think I'd get anything else here...the Penazzi features oysters for a great price. You can get 'em raw, baked, or deep fried. The Rockerfellers are too rich for my taste (as oysters pack enough cholesterol for me) so getting a few dozen raw oysters to share with friends is what I normally do.

The ambiance here isn't great and yeah, it's Harrah's, but damn those oysters are good!
If you LOVE seafood you MUST!!!!!!!!!!!!!! visit this oyster bar in vegas!  OMG...................I go to Vegas once a month and yup I make my trip to this oyster bar every single time.  One time I went 4 times in one day.  Thats a lot of cholestrol LOL....................!  They have good Oysters and clams that come in this BOMB broth with white wine! They also have pasta and all the seafood .  Oh yeah, they have a FULL BAR here.  The cooks are nice and very friendly.
The Oyster Bar at Harrah's has now become my go-to first night in town dinner.  The flights I get into Vegas often bring me in around 9:30pm... so with taxi travel and check-in time, I'm often now hitting the Strip until 10:30pm... AND then the hunger kicks in!  But what's open?  All the nice sit down places are usually closed at this point, but wait...  The Oyster Bar is open until 1am!  Problem solved.  :)

Not an Oyster fan?  Don't worry!  They have plenty of different seafood options as well as steaks, etc.  

I've have the Mussels Fra Diavolo and the grilled Lobster tail.  YUM!  They also have a pretty decent wine list to go along with their food options.

Another plus is that it is self-seating.  You just walk in and plop yourself down and find something delicious.  I suggest sitting at the "bar" for the fastest service.
God Dammit! Ive been very disappointed with all the places Ive been in Vegas.

I got oysters from the Oyster bar. Hated them. Shards were stuck in the oysters. Absolutely nauseating. I love my oysters with vinegar, which isnt primarily available until I asked the waiter for some. And I asked for Old Bay. The water alone is HORRIBLE in Vegas. Seriously tastes like pool water. You can taste it in the oysters. 

I ordered the Alaskan King Crab legs - They were overcooked I think. Came with potatoes, asparagus and carrots. I didnt eat them.

I wouldve given this place 1 star. The extra star went to my waiter, Joel - who was absolutely attentive to my requests. The server though, didnt know where my crab legs were going - and walked right passed me. That just peeved me because I was waiting for the longest time.
I'm not a fan of oysters but a friend of ours wanted to eat here so we gave it a try! I had the seafood risotto which was super yummy! It has one whole lobster tail, big shrimps, a couple of clams and mussels. The waitress was a bit rude using the word "huh?!" one too many times while taking our order. The calamari wasn't anything to rave about, thin small rings what was more batter than squid. The restaurant is very small. Prices are ok.
Very fresh seafood and quite decent price. Oyster is fresh, though not much variety. The  schrimp was delicious.  The fact the I had both lunch and dinner at this place must have meant something.
We had just eaten before hitting up the oyster bar but had to come here. We didn't want to miss it during our trip so we planned on ordering half a dozen...but really, half a dozen though? I told my friend I could probably eat two at most since I was so full from lunch. BUT we wanted to try a variety of oysters so we ordered half dozen Oyster Grill which was grilled with parmesan butter ($14) and half dozen Oyster Royale which was raw oysters topped with chive creme fraiche and wasabi caviar ($14). When the oysters came out...Oh-my-God...both were really good. By far the best oysters I have ever eaten. You will know once you come here and try the oysters! I left speechless...it really was a party in my mouth!

Service is excellent! Really nice & friendly staff! Love them!

I will definitely be hitting up the oyster bar again whenever I am in Vegas!! I almost past this up because i had eaten so much right before coming here. I am so glad I came! Do not miss this place when you're in town :D

Oh, they give you a basket of crackers and bread too but I didn't eat those. It looked tasty though! Next time, I'll save room in my belly for the bread/crackers and MORE oysters!
Totally, totally coming back! Fresh, cheap (for Vegas), and to the point. Sit at the bar for quick service. Order the oysters. Seriously, they are fresh and delicious. $20 for a dozen. Guaranteed fresh, what more can you ask for? 

The Seafood Risotto was $26, and really made for sharing. There's tons of seafood in it... Huge shrimp, lobster, clams, and scallops - all cooked to perfection. It was awesome. Not at all chewy and bland, like I expected, given the location and price. I was so impressed.

The clams in broth were good as well, but when I come back... it's all about the oysters and seafood risotto. Harrah's... who knew?
Great place to belly up to the bar when all the restaurants are full.  If you are lucky you can just jump in a seat like I did.  The kitchen is open and you can see all the food being cooked right in front of you.  Sitting at the bar you also had access to the latest sports game on the screen.  The bartender/waiter was great too.  He was prompt, attentive and kind even though he was soooo busy!  

Food was good - bread was great, crunchy!  And I had a wonderful salad with shrimp that I made on special request that they had no problem making for me.  

I would go back!  It's in the middle of Harrahs but once you are inside you would not remember you were in the casino.
This restaurant was a different restaurant when I wrote this review in 2008.  It is not for the Oyster Bar at Harrah's.  Interesting....
Delicious excellent food in a surprising location. I highly recommend to anyone and am looking forward to my next visit to vegas for some great oysters and crab!
Buffets close at 10pm, so after seeing the Celine show (AWESOME!) we weren't sure where to eat dinner; after looking around on yelp we decided on Harrah's Oyster Bar. Harrah's itself is kinda dumpy and old, but the Oyster Bar was pretty good. Open till 2am I believe. 

We had:
Crab Cakes: Eh, i've had better
Clam Chowder: A+, lots of clam, thick and really good!
Shrimp Scampi: Good with HUGE shrimp; more like prawns if you ask me
Oysters Royale: WOW I loved these! Raw oysters with creme fraiche and wasabi caviar. SO GOOD, now my second favorite way to eat oysters (1st is au natural, raw with horseradish and cocktail sauce).
Oysters Rockefeller: Also pretty good, 2 thumbs up from everyone at the table; I myself am not an oyst. rock. fan, but everyone else loved it. Fresh spinach and light cheese; piping hot. 
Salmon: our friend got this; looked really good! Asian glazed.
This place is a must do whenever we're in Vegas. The food & service are both  excellent, not to forget the view of the people walking by inside of Harrah's or are they the people of Wal-Mart walking by. Wait,  they might be the same. I can reccomend the Steamers in white wine, any of the Oyster plates especially the Oysters Royale. Oh, the blackened shrip are excellent we did not order them but on our 2nd visit the chef had made an extra plate so our waiter offered them to us, a very nice comp & now we always order them.
First of all, really decent prices for the strip. Not extremely break a hole in my pocket expensive but definitely not cheap either. C'mon now, you're on the strip and you know what to expect people!

We had a little trouble finding this BAR hiding in Harrah's casino. It's an actual bar where you seat yourself. The tables are really small and the plates are all huge = problem.

We sat down on a round bar table near the bar/entrance and a waitress came over in about 1 minute. NICE! She was definitely helpful and extremely friendly, good service. There was 4 of us, all guys and two of us already had beers so we were sippin' a little bit already and were looking to continue our buzz! 

We both got the Oyster shooter, comes with a double shot of Patron or Grey Goose and half-dozen fresh half-shell oysters. Of course we got Patron, and our waitress even noted that they dose a little bit of Patron on each Oyster too! Maybe that's what made it so good!!! They were extremely cold served on the bed of ice and tobasco/cocktail sauce and lemon!!! Extremely delicious!! Can you say "Gone in 60 seconds!?!" And the shot of Patron was huge, the only bad thing was that only 2 out of 4 of us were a lil drunk by the end of dinner.

We also got the Crab Cakes and Calamari. The crab cakes were good, very meaty and full of crab meat. I would've liked them to be a little fluffier but they weren't bad. Nothing outstanding either... the siracha aioli was delicious though, and the spring mix salad it was served on was gone in seconds. The Calamari was really good!!! Extremely crisp and good pieces, came out in a good sized fryer basket and there was even leftovers, after 4 guys dugg in on it!

Our friends ordered some type of Clam Pasta and Halibut with Risotto, they said it was okay...

All in all really enjoyed the visit here, definitely will return next time we're all in Vegas!
1. The Oyster Bar is actually more of a lunch counter with a few chairs and tables, and definitely a generic bar theme. It was small but not intimate.

2. It was not busy this Monday late afternoon, early evening. It read "Seat yourself" and we did but the staff seemingly ignored us. 

3. The service was minimal. An order was taken, food was delivered - there was no intermediate service for refills or asking how our food was or checking in on us, and then the bill. The waiter disappeared on us twice for extended periods in this small place. Once, he was chatting up another waiter with his backed turned to us for several minutes. Another time, the male waiter walked quickly, hands free, right by us - with our two glasses empty, one Pepsi and another water - and didn't bother to look or notice. A second female waiter eventually came by but by then it had been about 10 minutes. 

4. Furthermore, when the small complimentary bread was gone, I wanted a little more but then again the waiter did not come by. 

5. The price for my Salmon at $22, a dozen oysters at $22, clam chowder at $7, a Cosmopolitan drink at $14, and Pepsi at $3.50 plus tax and tip seemed excessive to us for the quality, portion size and (lack of) service. 

6. My Salmon was a little dry but okay. The Asparagus consisted of four stalks and four carrots with some okay rice. 

7. I think many of the reviews are valid but some appear to be paid reviews to counter actual negative reviews.

8. On the good side, the oysters were good.
Oysters on the half shell--a dozen for $20! The oysters are freshly shucked and you can't really go wrong with fresh oysters. My friends and I also ordered the fried calamari appetizer and it was no good. The calamari was heavily battered and mushy. I'd suggest coming here for just the oysters and drinks!
3 1/2 stars.  I've been here 3 times already.  The 1st time was the best and that was a few years ago.  They had 3 different types of oysters and had some Alaskan beer that went well with it.  Today, only 2 types (blue points and fanny bay) and no more Alaskan beer.  

I can eat raw oysters all day.  Seriously.  I've had 4 dozen in one sitting before and could eat more.  I mean, oysters don't even fill you up.  But the problem is, oysters tend to be kinda pricey.  That's honestly what stops me from sitting around all day and eating them.  I just run out of money.

I took my friends here-especially Luis because every time I'm at an oyster bar I text him.  I've been doing this for the past 3-4 years and I think this place started this traditional.  Well, we finally met up in Vegas so of course I have to take him.

I get some raw oysters and a dozen of their baked oysters.  Art discovers he's not too keen on raw oysters.  Well, it is an acquired taste.  James is allergic to shellfish and John and Luis don't mind them.  In fact, Luis orders the tequila shot oysters.  I can't honestly remember the last time I had a oyster shooter.  So we split all this.

The oysters are good.  The baked ones are really good.  It's rare that I enjoy cooked oysters whether baked or fried but these are really good.  I definitely recommend them.  The shooters are pretty good too.  I mean, tequila and raw oysters just mix well.  

I can't say this is the best oyster bar in Vegas.  In fact with only 2 types of oysters I suspect it's not.  But for the strip it's gtg.
A super surprising find at Harrahs.  Super tasty and incredibly fresh seafood where you sit around the bar.  Great service and decent pricing (for the strip)

would definitely recommend it
We usual stay at Bally's when we stay on the strip. It is a short walk to so many places. Harrah's is a few casinos down the strip. Inside the casino a ways is the Oyster Bar. It is more or less in the middle of the casino. They have a big circular bar and a few tables on one end and maybe some more tables inside the restaurant. We just ambled up to the bar and sat down. The bartender was really friendly and quick to get us situated with beers and oysters. We got a dozen on the half shell and a half dozen Rockefeller. The raw ones were being shucked right there by a equally friendly gal.  The bartender said the oysters were from New York. No choice of bivalves, but I really don't need choices if the ones they have are good and fresh, which these were. They were also not expensive, especially for the Las Vegas strip. The Rockefeller was really good. Very rich and saucy with the juicy oyster underneath the spinach and what not. Quite different from the ones I had at Binion's the night before. Overall a very good place to camp out with beer and oysters.
Its ok for a quick bite in a small casino!!
This place is amazing. The new england clam chowder was fresh and chock full of clams. Oysters are fresh and clean. Would definitely come back next time. 

minus one star for service. Even though the place was slow, our orders and request took forever. There seemed to be only one host/waiter
The Oysters are huge and delicious here!!! 

4 stars because service is alittle slow, but definitely worth the wait.
Okay I've been here numerous times before always for oysters but we went the past weekend for the pan roast and it was two thumbs down. The broth was sweet for some reason and just not good. Go for the oysters but that's all.
I have never been to an oyster bar in particular beforehand, so I did not know what to expect of the restaurant settling. When we arrived, it looked like a place where you get in and get out. Nothing fancy smancy. 
 
We were not served oysters at the buffet. Thus, we set out for oysters the following night. We all ordered a dozen small raw  oysters. I ordered mines half raw, half fried. The raw oysters were very fresh and tasted delicious with the usual lemon juice and tabasco/tapatio. YUMMM. They were decent sized. Some were smaller than the average. When my fried oysters came out, they used the medium sized oysters. They were huge. I was not sure how I was gonna finish everything. It came with a nice creamy orangy sauce that tasted like horse radish mixed with thousand island. I am not sure. I cannot identify the taste to be exact. But all you need to know is that it is a good complimentary to the fried oysters. It came with some salad.  
 
Overall, my friends and I were satisfied with the food. 
 
 The service on the other hand was a bit slow. We did not come at a busy time, it was moderate. It took awhile for them to take our order.
If you LOVE oysters, then come here! The oysters are super fresh and yummy! I have been coming here for years and it never disappoints!

Raymundo is the chef that always makes my tummy crave more! Awesome chef and even more awesome is that he remembers us each time we come back! 

He prepared an excellent scallops dish for me this time around and it was fantastic! 

No need to say any more....this place is great for oysters and seafood!!!
5 stars for oysters, 2 stars for my fried calamari. 3 stars for the surf and turf. Great service and good people watching.
I was delighted with my meal here.  I had the steamed clams, without pasta, which came heaped in a big bowl.  They were steamed in a garlicky, creamy broth that was really really really delicious. After I had eaten each and every one, I dipped buttered bread into the broth and almost fainted from joy.  My husband had a giant plate of fried oysters that both of us thought were terrific.  My sister and brother in law had a crab Louis that was lovely and generous with the crab meat, although could have used more actual lettuce.

Also shared a good sized portion of fried calamari.   

It was exactly what I wanted.  I used to love raw oysters but was poisoned in Texas from raw gulf oysters and can no longer indulge.  I was so envious of those were partaking around us. This is the best restaurant at Harrah's, in my humble opinion. 

Priced were fair and reasonable and service was fine.
Oyster Bar... Appropriately named. You'll immediately notice a large iced section filled with HUNDREDS of neatly arranged oysters, an Oyster lover's paradise/heaven (ME). You're sitting as if you're at a bar, so you're sitting on a barstool and eating on the bartop. At least from where I was sitting, I didn't see any tables.

This place deserves 5 stars strictly for the oysters (raw and fried), the soups (Chowder and bisque), and their friendly/amazing service.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/esBRj9uPRzwxaW4Lz1XGLA?select=yWO6FNZ1o-Fg2cbngb-HtQ#yWO6FNZ1o-Fg2cbngb-HtQ

However, I had to knock this place down a notch because of the entrees.  The Jambalaya and shrimp scampi wasn't anything special. They were bland and tasted much like the entrees you can order at those large chain restaurants. Very disappointing...
Chowder was awesome.  The Oysters were good but a bit on the small side.

Service was just average.
Two words: Oysters Royale. Raw, spicy (wasabi caviar AND amazingly fresh horseradish?!) and perfect. A great chive creme added a layer of smoothness and richness without taking away from the crisp, cold, amazing oysters or the flavor profile intended by the wasabi and horseradish. #foodgasm (I would have liked larger oysters, I can admit it. They seemed just a tad on the small side. -0.5)

The Caesar was really tasty and, it was huge! I don't care for tomatoes in a Caesar salad, but the overall dish was fantastic and tangy and bright. No way could I finish it (I was saving my limited space for those fantastic oysters!) but I gave it the old college try. Really great.

The pan roast my date had was rich and flavorful and packed with proteins. He said his favorite was from a place up in Reno, but this was a close second. I loved the sauce and found the herbs really fresh and the whole thing fairly well balanced. It needed a bit more salt to really make it pop. Just that little something was missing (-0.5). The lobster bite I tried was tender and juicy and I was told the rest of the fish was fantastic.

Service was on point; water and tea always full, checked on us often without hovering, and always with a smile. And - WOW! - so fast! Watching them put dishes together was an added bonus of sitting at the bar.

Really a great meal, great food and generous portions, served by a great staff. Yup, I am a fan!

Caveat: we sat at the bar. I don't know if table service is the same, but I want to point that out just in case.
I come here and drag all my friends here every single time I go to Vegas. I always sit at the counter. It's so much fun to watch them cook the food. My friends all enjoy this place because of the amazing service and food. When I go there, they all work their schedule around it or change plans to go too!

The cooks take your order and cook the food right in front of you. My favorite cook is Ly. He's so nice and remembers me. Even when I'm not in his section, he comes over to say hi. Uh, maybe I do go to Vegas a little to often :/
When a friend brought up hitting the oyster bar at Harrah's, that he saw an ad for on the way in from the airport, I smirked, and thought he was a fool.

I was very pleasantly surprised by my experience.  The cooks double as your service staff and are honest.  And very kind... For being cooks, I was shocked at how nice they actually were.  I guess tips help... If you ask them what's fresh, they give you honest answers - more than any service staff could every dream of, since servers don't handle the product themselves 

The oysters we had were great, and fresh.  The clam chowder was one of the best I've ever had. Chunky with clams and potatoes, flavorful, and delicious. 

The steamers were awesome.  This place really impressed me, and I will plan on going back when I head into Vegas again - It'll be a great place to drown my sorrows from losing at the tables.  I'll kill my pain with fresh seafood, and white wine. 

Also, quite affordable - So yea... Great place to forget those losses
I love oysters...and I always wanted to try this oyster bar...just never got the chance cuz I told myself "I'll only come here when I win" since it costs $22 for a dozen oysters. I never did win though, and I just look and stare at the place...until this weekend, I just decided, WTH, I never win and I want oysters, I'll never get the chance...so I just went anyway. So much for winning!

I love the oysters. It's really good and not too "fishy" tasting. Pricey though, wish they had specials on dead nights or something. I would come back here if I want my oyster fix!
Highly recommended for relaxing and fun dinner before a show. Sit at the counter for friendly, attentive service. Clam chowder great. Shrimp excellent. Fish tacos delicious. Cold seafood platter nice except for the lobster which was overcooked and not flavorful. Tiger prawn saute looked fabulous as so did the salads.
I really didn't find this place to have great good; I also don't eat seafood which might be what you are expected to order here. 

I felt like I was eating in the middle of a hallway in the casino as the seating was surrounded by major walkways.

I got the steak and didn't find it to be great. I enjoyed my five dollar steak at Ellis Island more. 

I found the food and service to be lacking here. I'll upload a photo when I get a chance.

My girlfriend said the fish and chips was great though!
What a pleasant surprise this place was!  While my wife and I stayed at The Palazzo, my brother and niece stayed at Harrah's so, I found myself there a few times.  Fortunately for me, a couple of those times were around lunch time and we wound up at the Oyster Bar. 

Frankly, was not expecting much as Harrah's overall just seems a bit meh.  The Oyster Bar was far from meh though even if only rating the quality of the oysters.  They were ice cold, perfectly briny and served with some kick butt hot horseradish to add to your cocktail sauce.  Ate 4 dozen between the two lunches.  Also tried the seared tuna one of the days.  It was good, not great like the oysters though.  The only true downer was the clam chowder which was average at best.

If you're in the neighborhood and craving some oysters, hit this place and you won't be disappointed!
The service, food, and scene were excellent. I will return, fresh seafood in the middle of nowhere, WOW!!!
Per the other comments I really didn't have unrealistic expectations of something in Harrah's and I've stayed there several times without dining here. Harrah's is a nice place, value priced but not where you'd expect to find anything outside of the curve. Also understand that I've never given five stars unless the food is extraordinary or the service is benchmark. So, I just had dinner with a work associated and I'm impressed enough to give it five. Trent, along with a woman who's name escapes me were gracious, attentive, honest and very knowledgeable. They get the top rating however the food was also delicious. In all, an oyster shooter, Six oysters royale which were divine, six grilled oysters with parmesan, quite good, I had the Carolina crab boil and my friend had the seafood risotto. Both were ample portions, cooked correctly and Trent even had extra garlic tossed into the boil which is something I'd acquired a taste for in Louisiana. Go for the food at fair prices (for the quality) and stay for the friendly and conversational service. I'll be back and I don't tread over the same ground often, especially around here!
Juicy Oysters and Oyster shooters!!

Service here is awesome!! Everyone is so friendly and nice, especially an asian guy named Ly. He gives wonderful service to every single customer. Having excellent attentive service makes the dining a much better experience for all. 

Must try the oyster shooter with I believe it's called Asian Bomb alcohol which is a mixture of sake and some other stuff which makes it taste so unique. It is soooo good!!! It will kick your butt without the alcohol taste. It's 3 for $12 I think but it's so worth it!!! 

Oysters are fresh and delicious!! There's different kinds of oysters which Ly explained to us. I can't remember it of course, but there's a Japanese one and a southern one and blablabla. I tasted 2 different kinds and they were sooo good!! I love how it's already cut from the shell and ready to slurp. A must try!!!

Also tried seafood cioppino, shrimp appetizer, and steamed mussels. They were all very delicious as well. The shrimps are big here so it was really good. They put in some salsa-ish taste to the mussels while being steamed which makes it very juicy. 

Great place to eat in Vegas if you're sick of the buffets. Definitely a must try in Vegas. The only problem you'll have is the price, but that's at any juicy oyster bar.
Came here twice, once on each visit to Vegas. Oysters are incredibly fresh. You can watch the chefs make their dishes from the counter/bar area where you eat. I used COMP points here both occasions ^^
Thanx Yelpers for helping me find this place!!
Best oysters ever.  
Super good crab cakes
The best oysters rockefeller 
The mussels were just "okay", though
But everything else was SO good and most importantly the oysters in an oyster bar were so good that 5 stars all the way.
Plus, super big bonus for giving me a free bloody mary oyster shooter!!
Really good bloody mary too.
Everything you expect at a great restaurant found in such a small place; inside a hotel too!

The food: We had the oysters, the clam chowder, and the rib eye the four times we came here.  First of all, the clam chowder is the best I have ever eaten!  I absolutely LOVE clam chowder and eating it here delighted my taste buds so much that my mouth almost leaped for joy that first taste.  In my humble opinion, the rib eye steak here has got to be the best steak in Vegas.  Eating at other places, we thought it was really salty.  Personally, I think they go a bit overboard with their spices, but here, it was simply amazing to see that this place advertises oysters and yet, their steak is the best in Vegas!  Very funny in a sense.  Now, the oysters!  The oysters taste great, very fresh, and worth the price.  One time, they had special oysters flown in from Japan.  Six dollars more for a dozen, but my goodness, worth the price!  Once you put them in your mouth, they just melted; leaving your mouth in such ecstasy; that you wonder how you have ever lived without tasting such great food.  The one thing I do not suggest are their Bloody Marys.  I thought it was way too salty and they should balance how much vodka they use.  It overpowered the tomato juice and accentuated on the saltiness rather than a little bit of both spiciness from the Tabasco and the complimentary taste of the tomatoes.

The service: Every time we came here, the service was excellent.  We never waited too long with the food, and every few minutes the waiter would tell us about how the food was coming along.  Plus the kitchen is not too far from view so you could see if they were lying or not.  They appeased our cravings by giving us what we needed with our food.  Everyone was always smiling which made this place so inviting.  

This place should be bigger and more advertised, and has become one of our go to places when we come to Vegas.  With superb service and food, this restaurant is one of our Vegas trip highlights when thinking about food.  Happy yelping.
What a yummy and reasonably priced place! Some people I was with said the crab cakes were too salty. Clam Chowder was AMAZING!! Had the Oyster/Seafood for 2 App which was delish.  The flat sesame cracker/bread was sooo good. Wine list was decent. One of my friends had Halibut and said was good. Other had Oysters Rockefeller and said was tasty. My bf said calamari was fabulous. Price for fresh seafood was decent. I liked it!
This place is soooo yummy! Everything I tried was good. I never really had oysters but I don't think i'll eat them anywhere else but here. It's pretty pricey but then again seafood is always expensive. I recommend this place to anyone that likes seafood
Fantastic oysters and a really nice crab louie salad. 
Service was a bit off on my visit - and the place could stand an update. 

Really - who care the food is fresh and delicious.
Great oysters!! Clam chowder and calamari were also very good. The crab cakes were just okay.  If you love oysters go to this place, yum!
I was skeptical about dining here cuz it seemed random n out of place in Harrahs but man was I WRONG WRONG WRONG!!! Amazing oysters great vibe excellent service I can't wait to go back in March!! A must stop if u like tasty seafood!!!
Truly a 4.5, but I'm in a good mood so I might as well round up! 

I was apprehensive about coming here for dinner, but it was delicious and affordable (for vegas standards). The Clam Chowder ($7) is to die for (probably the best clam chower I've had outside of San Francisco and Monterey)! The Oysters on half shell ($23 for dozen) are fresh and sweet. I had the Steamed Clams in White Wine sauce($19) with pasta (+$2). 

Overall, one of the best meals I've had in Vegas and I would definitely come back!
Another great spot that Yelpers lead me to. The decor and the high tables and chairs weren't ideal, but the food was outstanding. 

Following Yelpers' advice, we tried the clam chowder to start, and as reviewed, it was outstanding, reminiscent of the best I'd had in Boston. 

We also received some good bread to start our meal, which was nice. 

We then followed with an oyster dish, forget the name, but it was oysters with spinach and parmesan and a horseradish sauce on the side. AWESOME. We ordered six, but I would've liked about twenty more. 

We then had the shrimp jambalaya, which although not entirely NO authentic, was still very good. The shrimp were especially good. It seemed they'd been grilled first and then thrown in the jambalaya, creating a really complex flavor. 

I really liked this spot. I also liked that by strategically ordering the chowder and the oysters, we were able to save some money, as the place is on the expensive side if you get chowder, an appetizer and two entrees.
I would give this restaurant a 0 star if I can.  The worst restaurant ever.  The service was bad.  The lady in the kitchen doesn't wear gloves at all.  I sat there for 10 minutes watching her dig her long fingernails into all sorts of food, grabbed dirty cash with her hands, and went back to digging into food again.  So disgusting.  Then saw another man put back the leftover sauce into a container that they would later scoop out for the next customers.  I told the manager what I just witnessed and all she could say was: "I'm sorry, I'll tell the chef about it"  THAT'S IT !!!  While the manager was talking to me, the lady was still digging her naked hands into the food.  What the Fuck !!!  Nastiest place ever.  This restaurant should be shut down immediately.
We stopped by for a light lunch after arriving in Vegas on a Sunday afternoon.  The Oysters are truly fantastic and if I were in the area would definitely stop by for a half dozen - or dozen depending on how hungry I was.  So if I were rating this place on just the oysters it would probably get a 5.

I gave it a 3 rating for a few reasons; the bread they served was flavorless, it is basically in the middle of the casino so the atmosphere is lacking (and hard to avoid the smoking), and the clam chowder had very little clams - it was basically butter and cream soup.  I love butter and cream - but I wanted clam chowder and there just weren't any.
Too bad the lowest is 1 star and not 0....  Where do I start?  The worst dinner in LV!  I was yelping around to grab a bite before heading to the piano bar.  Since it has 4 starts, i figured it couldnt be bad... oh boy... was i wrong.
Food:  
Oysters were already pre-opened.  who knows how long they've been sitting there uncovered.  It's raw food!  Dont you think it should be handled better?
Crab salad:  The crab leg was still FROZEN when i tried to eat it?!  wtf... the green leaves were black and beat up.  dude, a $20 salad cant even have crispy leaves?!  the crab salad itself?  it tasted like you brought the tuna salad to your pinic and let it sit under the sun.  **YUCK**  After the nasty taste, the plate was still full.  I didnt even touch my dinner because of what we had to see.
I didnt ask how my friend liked his orders but he didnt really eat his dinner.
Service:
OHMYGOD!!!!  it's disgusting!!!  Just thinking about it now gives me goosebumps.  The lady named Rosi...she's the worst person to ever be in the food industry left alone at Harrah's.  Since our waiter was too busy talking to the other customer even though we tried to get his attention for too long; we looked at her to see if she can help us get our waiter.  Her response was " your waiter is over there."  No sh*t, i know that, so i asked if she can help me get him.  Her response was "he will come when he comes".  WTF?!  She was just standing there!  Then she started to clean up.... oh man, this is the worst part, Rosi.  She started to dig to the dirty containers to consolidate things BARE handed while a box of gloves was right in front of her.  We sat at the bar, so we saw everything.  She then wiped her hands to her uniform shirt, no not an apron, where she had been leaning against everything!  Then she moved on to dig into the raw shrimps, lobster tails, ..., pushing them down to cover them with those bared dirty hands w/ long red finger nails.  Not to mention, she wore a dangling bracelet that touched everything!  **YUCK**  Again, it's raw food!!!  oh then, her co-worker came and gave her share of tips, she touched the money, too, then went back to touching the food.  really?  I wanted to throw up bc I didnt know if she touched my food.  So we stopped eating.
Another guy came over, brought the finished plate from previous eaters, grabbed the leftover cocktail sauce from that plate and put it back in the big container where they scooped out the sauce for the next customers.  Really?  you can charge people $23 for a dozen, yet you re-used the sauce from a raw dish.  

So, we paid $100 for a dinner that we didnt touch.  We paid $100 to watch how disgusting this place was!  My friend didnt even want to pay cz we didnt even eat!  we would rather spend $100 on in-n-out!  All the manager said was, she would bring it to the chef's attention and ran for her life.  

I wouldnt be surprise if people get food poisoning from this place.  I went and took my digestive enzymes right way, and drank more alcohol at a different place to kill the germ, well at least mentally, it would, after seeing that disgusting Rosi.
Great fresh and affordable its in the back of the casino.  We had oyster rockefeller and Cesar salads they were great and affordable.  The chowder looked great also but I was too full to order some.  Will eat there next time I'm in town for sure!
Never a disappointment,,,, Oysters a various selection,,, tuna tartar  plenty and good!!! Fried calamari needs some improvement... I shall return!!!!
Our waiter completely ignored us the first 4 times he walked by us after seeing the adjacent table. No " I will be right with you" or anything of that sort. After finally getting a hold of him and preventing him from running away he was nicer the rest of the meal. 
The oysters were puny! But at least they were fairly fresh.
For two people we ordered 
half dozen oyster rocker feller ( good and rich)
half dozen oyster royale ( this was gross, i had to force myself to finish it)
dozen raw oysters
crab louie salad ( generous crab portions, avocado was black however)
parmesan crusted halibut ( i think was decent)

The lady shucking the oyster was moving at a snail's pace. We waited forever while we watched her shuck them in slow motion. It was similar to waiting for water to boil. She really should stop talking to the cook and needs to concentrate on working more.

We didn't complain but our server actually came over several times to point out he knew it was taking a while. He even looked over at her and said "she is very slow". The table to the right of us complained about how long their order was taking, as did the table to our left; both tables arrived way after we did.

Bill was about 115.
The food matched the service - good but not great.  

  I honestly expected more of a selection of oysters when I walk into a place called "Oyster Bar" because that's why I go there.   They had the standard Bluepoints as part of their regular menu and three "premier" oyster options.  I ordered a dozen of their premier oysters on the half shell, Shigokus.  They were pretty darn good, and at $30, they should be.  Also had the bacon-wrapped scallops which were tender and juicy.  The Maryland crab cakes were also very good.  Their crab cakes were more the finely shredded type and no large chunks of crab, which I personally like to have.

  For entrees I tried their special (New Your strip and fried soft shell crab) as well as their Jambalaya steamer.  The steak was good but the soft shell crab was a bit soggy.  The steamer had a good assortment of shellfish but a few clams were quite gritty from the sand.  The dessert menu was an afterthought and I ordered the Oreo cookie ice cream cake.  

  The service was a bit slow and the server didn't seem too knowledgeable about the handful of oysters being served.  I'd expect the waiters to be able to tell where an oyster came from and when it came in.  Is it firm or soft?  Salty or sweet?  Metallic, buttery, creamy, briny??    

  As an oyster bar, I wasn't terribly impressed.  Also the server added his own gratuity to the bill for me and two guests.  Really?  Altogether, with the $22 tip, the check was about $160 for three people.

  Would I go here again?  Not likely.  I've had better $160 meals and I'd rather try a real oyster bar.
I came here with the bf and ordered the clam chowder and the day's special, which was some sort of Japanese oyster. The clam chowder, was just alright, I've definitely had better. The oysters were really yummy. Very creamy tasting just like the chef had assured us. It was served with cocktail sauce and horseradish. I suggest going REALLY light on the horseradish, it's super strong and spicy, but adds a nice kick if you're into that. 

I also ordered a lemon drop while the bf ordered the an Anchor Steam Beer to support a SF brewery, both ended up being really yummy as well. Overall, this place isn't too bad, but nothing too memorable in my opinion.
We stay at Harrahs regularly so it is convenient to eat here, but that is not the reason we do. This place has some of the best prepared seafood I have ever eaten. The oysters are flown in daily so despite a negative review I read on here they are FRESH ! All the waiters are taught to prepare all the dishes which make it very convenient. The following are dishes which I have enjoyed; creamy clam chowder, shrimp cocktail, crab cakes (superb), a shrimp dish with bruschetta under it, king crab and on and on! You will not be disappointed if you venture over to Harrahs and belly up to the bar! Enjoy!
Can you ever go wrong with bacon wrapped scallops?! Such soft scallops wrapped with slightly crispy bacon... Enough said.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/esBRj9uPRzwxaW4Lz1XGLA?select=pLRczvnXA6XtDrUDhjzxag#08IrO9UivhSGlb0dMWiMhQ
We stay at Harrahs regularly so it is convenient to eat here, but that is not the reason we do. This place has some of the best prepared seafood I have ever eaten. The oysters are flown in daily so despite a negative review I read on here they are FRESH ! All the waiters are taught to prepare all the dishes which make it very convenient. The following are dishes which I have enjoyed; creamy clam chowder, shrimp cocktail, crab cakes (superb), a shrimp dish with bruschetta under it, king crab and on and on! You will not be disappointed if you venture over to Harrahs and belly up to the bar! Enjoy!
Food was just ok. Nothing special about it. Service was ok. Server forgot to bring my water out for almost ten minutes, until I reminded him. Also waited a while for the check. Would have been 2 stars, but he made up for it at the end by trying to hold a conversation with us.
Looking for the best oysters on the strip without driving, this spot is the best. Small, but reasonably priced for the quality.
A must visit every time I come to LV. It's not cheap- a half dozen is about $15 and a full is $23. You don't get to choose your type of oyster either, but I enjoy it, along with the bread basket- crisp sesame flatbread accompanied with house rolls. The shrimp in the $17 cocktail are enormous, but you only get 4. 

I like their house cocktail sauce.
I went here for a light dinner. One word that sums this place up is "delish!" 
I loved it. The crab cakes were on point, the bread basket was nice and warm, the dozen oysters were so fresh. I asked for pico de gallo for the oysters and our waitress brought it right out. 
She was really pleasant and checked on us regularly. She suggested the oyster shooters in the glass, and omg!! 
Yummy Buzz!! We got 2 plain with just tequila and the other one with the pineapple juice and jalapeo mixture. 
I would go back here for the crab cakes any day. 
I forgot our servers name, but she was a really cool hispanic girl, with a memorable laugh. :D in a good way. This is my new "we HAVE to go there" place when I'm in Las Vegas.
I've been to this place several times and I always enjoyed it until my last visit there. This place has the WORST service ever. We sat down at the bar around midnight and we were ready to spend some money. Wow... Where do I even begin with thr service.. Trent was the worst server I have ever had in my life. I asked him for our bread after waiting for about 10 minutes. He completely ignored me and then later came wuth the bread without saying a word. I then asked him if they had pan roast available. He said "uhhhh pan roast.....alright...." and then went off again. I assumed that he put our order in. 15 mins later I asked him nicely if our pan roast was coming out and then he replies "uhhh... The pan roast.... Uhhhh" and then he just dissapears again!! Unbelievable... At this point, my boyfriend and I are so annoyed that we immediately ask for our check for the oysters we ordered from a different server.. And guess what?? He ignores us again. -_- Finally we yell at him for the check and when he came out with the check I gave him my players card and asked him for my discount. He then starts complaining about how he needs to go back and redo the whole check. SO FKN WHAT?!! wow we were so fed up at this point, we let him have it. We pretty much told him he was the worst server ever and how we would never come back. The worst dining experience ever... Go to the oyster bar at Palace Station. The drive is well worth it, the food and service is a million times better than this.

This place should get 0 stars for its crappy service but I'm being nice by taking the food into consideration so they get a regretful 2 stars in my book.
So im sitting in my room at Harrahs yelping away, trying to find places to eat... and behold a oyster bar??? what? heaven has spoken to me....

so after watching phantom of the opera we decided to go back and try the oyster bar.. since i love oysters my bf not so much.. lol he wasn't really excited to go but he did it for me. walking in no body greeted us so we sat ourselves... someone came to get or order he was pleasant enough it was kinda busy so we understood the long pauses in between. what we ordered:

1/2 dozen fresh oysters: kinda small but really fresh it was really good only own side i kept getting shell in my mouth like a lot of shell... i love eating it with a splash of lemon, a dash of tabasco and a dollop of cocktail sauce with extra horseradish 

1/2 dozen oyster rockafeller: my first time having it, it had a nice flavor but it was kinda overwhelming it has a nice garlic flavor and topped with spinach and some type of cheese  it was a little too much tho i do think i could have ate a full dozen add a little splash of lemon to cut the heaviness

calamari: crunchy pieces... i love how they includes the tentacles that my favorite part topped with lemon, my bf preferred the marinara i just used my yummy cocktail sauce. but it did come with a good aoili sauce as well 

fish tacos: I didn't personally try it so i cant say much but my bf love it... only down part was there was too much sauce on the taco.. 

all in all if I'm back in vegas I'm defiantly coming back.. btw the bus boy was the niceest of them all like he was like asian and had a ponytail he was so nice.!!
Harrah's Casino! Came here for the Mac King show and was a little hungover/early so my friend and I decided to grab a few drinks here. Sat at the bar and we were promptly greeted from the other side.

What we ordered:
1/2 Oysters - SO fresh and SO good. Watch them shuck them right before your eyes (if you're sitting at the bar that is). Tasted so fresh!! Their horseradish was really REALLY good. It's an oyster bar, MUST HAVE.
Bowl of Clam Chowder - This clam chowder was AMAZING. I loved how they put a generous amount of clam... they were huge too!! Perfectly chewy and not overpowering at all. I love how I didn't feel bits of sand like other places...!
Bloody Mary - HANDS DOWN THE BEST BLOODY MARY I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!! And I've had a CRAPTON! Please try!

Service is very quick and prices are fair for Vegas :P Highly recommend this place!
We were happy to find a moderately priced restaurant in the heart of tourst-trap land.
I ordered the Shrimp Jamabalaya. The Mrs. had the crab salad. We both were pleased but not bowled over. The service was fine. 

It's in the heart of the casino, so don't expect a dull atmosphere.

Given the nearby choices, we would return here.
This isn't by any means a high-end seafood experience, but it's in the Harrah's so I wasn't going into it with high expectations anyway.

The seat-yourself aspect of going into the place was a little confusing and the service furthered that confusion. After a good while of sitting at the high tables facing the casino, one server brought in the bread and said she'd take our order but then turned around and left saying there was a "shift change." Once we got the right server sometime later, we ordered the Oysters Rockafeller, Jumbo Fried Oysters, Seafood Risotto, and the Lobster Ravioli as an appetizer. 

Everything came out at the same time, so whatev on the appetizer. The ravioli was reportedly good. The oysters were my order; the fried oysters were better than the Rockafeller, but was still a pretty simplistic dish. It was only good in the way that anything fried is good. The Rockafeller dish was alright; I've had better at home in Washington for less. They were a little gritty.. I definitely got my calcium dose for the day in shell bits. I recommend putting on the Tapatio hot sauce that was conveniently on the table for those. 

The seafood risotto was alright but my fianc wasn't thrilled about having to de-shell every mussel, every shrimp and lobster tail for that dish.

The food quality gives this review it's 3 stars; only to be topped by real coastal restaurants with fresh seafood coming in daily. The service was lackluster but not the worst I've seen in Vegas. Situated right in the middle of the casino, it offers a great view of the usual tenants at Harrah's: hardened casino grandma's hovering over the slot machines.
My first impression was, "Raw oysters and cajun food, I'm so there."

Located in the midst of all your slot machines at Harrah's, you really don't need to go anywhere else in the middle of your fun testing your luck. You won't have to take a chance with this place because the food is actually very good, and good quality, despite the fact that its not actually a restaurant but more a booth in the middle of all the slot machines. We had fried oysters and the cajun jambalaya. The seasoning for the jambalaya was so flavorful and rich, but not overpowering. They don't skimp on the shrimp and sausages (yummy) and the portions are great to share with an appetizer and drinks. It's seriously amazing how all this great food comes out of a station kitchen. The service is great, and the setup really adds to the Vegas atmosphere. Fine dining options are vast on the Strip, but sometimes you're in need of a little convenience to your fun without sacrificing great taste. The Oyster Bar is your answer!

The lasting impression? "Quick bite pit stop, or a place to wind down, it's the perfect place for oysters and more."
Terrible service!!!  Food was good but not super great and unfortunately my husband received his almost 15 minutes before I received mine. He never got water even asking for it several times. The waiter did offered to reheat his dinner but at this point we just wanted to leave.
Not fancy and not overly clean (the menus are gross), but it keeps me coming back year after year. 

The GF and I are creatures of habit and always get the same items: Oysters Rockefeller, bacon wrapped scallops, shrimp scampi and steamed clams in white wine sauce. All are very good, especially considering Las Vegas isn't really a seafood Mecca being that its in the middle of the desert. 

I can't forget to mention the oyster shooters. I'd suggest manning-up and taking one or two. It'll help numb the guilty feeling you have from blowing all that money on the tables.
My girl loves the Oysters Royale w/ Wasabi Caviar bit pricey but worth her smile.
I personally do not like oyster's all that much but hear these are an amazing appetizer/small meal.
[3.5 stars]

Oysters...freaking raw oysters. Who wouldn't like raw oysters (with my lady and those with liver disease as the only exceptions)? Oysters that are arranged immaculately in their half shell by the dozen on a clean plate displaying their luscious-naked-selves in preparation for your partaking. Since my caveman days in Vegas, I have frequented this spot to get a little extra oyster fix due to the freshness and quality as well as varieties offered here. Not to mention, it was CHEAP enough to overindulge.

But time always seems to dull the glimmer of any establishment in Vegas. At the very least, you will always eventually begin to notice some form of gradual decline like the dents and scratches that appear on a once-new car. This oyster bar is no different. If I was to review a few years ago, Harrah's Oyster Bar would have received a raving 5-star review. Now, it sits merely on a 3.5-star bar stool (instead of a throne) and has lost its luster like I would say of spots at ol'Vegas. (Packed but having an absence of a LONG queue).

The oysters are still okay but for some bloody unknown reason, the shucking has become a lot clumsier in the last year as I find more bits of shell in the oysters as I down each half shell. This just ruins the overall oyster consuming experience for me. Perhaps, they're having a bad day OR the oysters decided to go on strike together with the oyster union and extending their crap to the "taxpayers".

The Cioppino and the Bouillabaisse, which act as my main course after downing all those oysters, have also lost its mind-blowing flavor. I can only pout now and visit this establishment more as a continued habit than as a personal food preference.

Service still remains close to stellar and I have always been treated like royalty.

Le'sighs.
Exceptional Service along with the exceptional food. Oysters were succulent, dinner entree was delicious.
Stopped here on my way back to Wyndham  Dessert Inn, Harrah's is where the shuttle bus picks up for Wyndham customers and let me tell you this, after a disappointing experience at Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace where 
oyster were good but shuckers at Bacchanal were slackers, too SLOW opening the well liked oysters , here at Oyster Bar at Harrah's, Rosi was quick in keeping up & opening up the fresh and plump Blue point oysters, they also have two other kind of oysters that you can try . Service was good thanks to Trent. I will back and will try the French Kiss oysters.
If I could AFFORD this, I'd come a few more times :). For a first visit, I left pretty satisfied and on a positive note. So, I'm going to review while it's still fresh on my mind -- and it'll be my first review of the 2013 year! (I posted 6 photos, as well.) I only came cause my sister got me some dining voucher comps.

WHAT WE ORDERED:
3 shooters (Bloody Mary, Asian Bomb, & Tequila Lime) $14
-- okay, these are definitely NOT my thing. My friend finished all 3. I only had sips. It's the alcohol, bleh.

Bourbon Street Jambalaya w/ Chicken $18
-- This wasn't too bad; it wasn't delicious or anything, but it was pretty decent.

Sauteed clams in white sauce
-- Typical clams but it was pretty sandy. There were about 3 closed ones and I managed to open one and it was just very BLACK and sandy. Wasn't a pretty sight.

Oyster Grill (half-dozen)
-- This was one of the better things I had tonight. Yum! I'd totally get it again.

Prices are definitely not in my budget but I'd really like to try the other things on their menu (i.e. the seafood platter for two) so if chance gives me it, maybe I'll be back one day...

PS: Get a TOTAL REWARDS card. The prices are cheaper by only a $1, but hey, it adds up!
This is a favorite of my dad's. I think we come at least once when we make a Woo family trip. Relatively inexpensive compared to most seafood joints on the Strip, Oyster Bar at the Harrah's offers decent food in a bar like atmosphere. It's literally a circular shaped establishment. A bar with seats around it and a few belly tables surrounds the outer corners. There isn't much walking space at all. 
Forget about the salads and the entrees! I think the calamari is the best darn thing on the menu. The batter is super flavorful so you don't really need to use the dipping sauce. All you need is a squirt of citrus-yum, my mouth is salivating at the thought of it! Since it's an Oyster Bar, def try something in their Oyster section. For those who don't like raw seafood,  I highly recommend the Bouillabaisse and Cioppino. My mom likes those two dishes a lot.
We come here often and it's hidden away in a corner of Harrah's.  They have good rib eye steaks, cioppino, and steamed clams.  I get the clams in white sauce and I add pasta, which makes it into a delicious clam pasta dish.  Their clam chowder is also really good, but it's a huge bowl.  They also started having fish tacos, and the fish is nicely grilled and it comes with a side of guacamole.  Don't get the lobster because it's usually overcooked.  Service is great, the place is laid back, and it's a nice getaway from the hustle and bustle of the casino.
The raw oysters here are absolutely delicious!! I don't know what it is that makes it taste so good, but they are delicious. I heard their other location is even better.. will have to check that out next time. It was so good, my friend and I ordered another dozen oysters between the two of us - towards the end of our lunch!
Meh. I was unimpressed.
Came for brunch before the Superbowl. I love how you can sit at the bar and watch the action. 
I saw all the tips on great Clam Chowder, so I had to try it out. Awesome. Best I've had in Vegas!
We tried the Peel & Eat Shrimp which had a delicious grilled flavor with seasonings and peppers. 
Crab Cakes were delicious, served with a fresh salad and aioli type sauce. 
And, of course, I had to polish it all off with a half dozen Oysters! Fresh & delicious!!!
We'll be back, great food, service & ambiance!
This is one of my go to places in Vegas. It's not the fanciest but the food is good. The oysters are always on point! The first time I came here, a year ago - the pan roast was perfect! This time, it was still good but overcooked. They were kind of busy so I won't hold it against them but this place is definitely worth a try. If you're an oyster fan and want something good at reasonable prices for being on the strip - come here!!
First time my wife and had Oysters!

No need to be seated by a host, just take a seat anywhere. Service was on point.

We loved it! I cant say that I would choose to eat oysters all the time but i did enjoy the experience and we got to try differnt breeds (i had no idea there was different kinds, i also did not realize that they are still alive when you eat em... weird) with different toppings.

I had the surf and turf and can highly recomend it. The fillet mignon was as good as any but it was the lobster tail that had me drooling. Im not a huge fan of Lobster tail as it usually has the texture of prawns. This tail was the most tender piece of meat! The flavor was off the chain and it was as tender as a piece of white fish. LOVED IT!
Been coming here for several years, always sit at the bar and the chat with the chef's Ly, Trent and Dennis are fantastic all three of them have been there for some time and know their stuff, the food while not cheap is reasonably priced and with a Total Rewards Card you get $1 off many of the items. 
Oysters are always fresh, the Surf and Turf is perfectly cooked, tender and flavorful. It's hard to come up with enough words to praise the quality and freshness of their Sea Food, and the clam chowder..... We live by the beach and have to drive 300 miles to get the best tasting Clam Chowder I've ever had, rich, creamy and stuffed FULL of clams, no skimping here just pure quality and flavor.
Everything we've ever had here has been exceptional, you can't miss and for some good conversation with some great guys sit at the counter.
I can't believe I've been staying Harrah's all these times and I have never tried the Oyster bar! What is wrong with me!?

I'm so glad I was able to dine here with my family before watching Legends in Concert (show in Harrah's, see review).  It's a rather small spot, super open to the casino so when we walked in, the staff behind the oyster bar told us to sit wherever we wanted. We sat at the bar, not inside the restaurant but on the oyster side of the bar. There were five of us so we managed to pull together three SMALL round tables to fit our drinks and bread and butter our waitress brought out. Cool! It was a tight squeeze though!

Bread and butter, yum! Nice, crusty and wheat bread with room temp butter, yes I was drooling. My mom ordered the clam chowder and a CRABBY mary. The crabby mary has a nice sea taste that I loved. It was pretty strong, I had to help mom finish it, lol. Clam chowder tasted like the sea! The chowder was super chunky and the bowl was pretty big. We ordered two, two-dozen oysters and six oyster shooters. The oysters were really good! Kept fresh with good horseradish and cocktail sauce was the perfect topping. The horseradish sauce was super strong which is hard to find at some oyster/seafood place. The oyster shooters were six oysters topped with vodka and an extra-large shot of vodka chilled in the middle. My sister, her fianc and my dad and I were all buzzin! 

The bill was pricey but it was well worth it. Good food with family making more crazy memories in Vegas = priceless.
Fresh oysters and blackened scallops pasta! So yummy at reasonable prices too. I have to come here every time I go to vegas!
One of my favorite spots on Vegas.  Usually the first place we go to after we check in.  And the service was awesome.
They always serve the absolute best new england clam chowder i've ever had.  It's fantastic.  I stay at Rio but always journey to the strip just to have a bowl of this stuff.
Came here for a late night snack.  Ordered the mixed plate and they gave us a variety.  For condiments it was lemon, tabasco, pico de gallo, red wine vinegar with scallion.  Ordered some Corona's to wash it down.  When we were eating we witnessed some being smoked up on the grill N'awlins style.  Asked the people next to us and they said they had a nice smoked flavour but were not true New Orleans style!  Dang good man!
Awesome! So simple, so ready, so quick, so delicious! No host to wait for. Start with sweet warm soft buns with whipped butter. Followed by $24/dozen oysters in a half shell. Watch the staff clean, ice the plate, add the horseradish, lemon half and cocktail sauce, shuck and place the oyster, then voila! They have an assortment of oysters and they probably give you mixture. Or if you prefer just one type, let them know. Had a couple sit by me and I guess they're regulars...with their order, it was a modified dish of oysters in a half shell and a oyster shot. Oysters were laid out as so perfectly prepared in a iced circular formation and the staff seasoned each half shell with a VERY GENEROUS amount of grey goose vodka! I can only imagine had good that was and how drunk I could have gotten.

Ordered the jambalaya with chicken and it was great! So filling. Chicken grilled and amazingly juicy and tender. The rice and sauce was just enough spice to tempt you for your next bite. Zesty without being overpowering. Loved the sausage...they were not overly salty or spicy, it was just right.

I almost wished I didn't have to go to the nightclub and just go home so I could have taken doggy bagged my jambalaya!
a whole lotta oysters..  and yes they are good!!
So my sister has been telling me about this place for ages, finally had a chance to try it.  I was not disappointing.  
Love the casual feeling of this place, you can walk up to the bar and sit or at one of the high tables.  

Started off with half dozen oysters, perhaps one of the best, freshest, delicious oysters I had ever tasted!
For main course BF had Cioppino and i ordered shrimp scampi pasta.  The pasta dish had too much sauce, waaay to much and I almost sent it back but I ended up putting napkins to suck up some of it (TMI??).  But the flavor was great.  BF loved the 
Cioppino, all kinds of differed shell fish in a tomato cream sauce.  They also serve bread and crackers.
Great place for fresh or Rockefeller oysters, and a good selection of fresh oysters! This could be a bit pricey but then again, you are in Vegas.
This place is sooo affordable compared to other Vegas restaurants. I had their Crab Louis Salad and that was amazing! Their oysters on the halfshell is very fresh and yummy as well. Remember to ask for the Louisiana hot sauce!

My cousin had the scallop pasta., which is made to perfection! My brother had the clam chowder for $7 and it's the best clam chowder ever! 

This is open seating so grab a table. The food is really fantastic and obviously. I came here more than once! 

Mouth drooling as I'm writing this review. Yummy.

Every single dish we ordered was cooked to perfection and it was all delicious!

Can't wait to go back to Vegas and I'm not skipping out at the Oyster Bar at Harrah's. They've got me hooked!
I was craving some good Jambalaya on the Strip and I heard the Oyster Bar at Harrah's makes a very good one.  So, being the sucker I am for Jambalaya, I gave the Oyster Bar a visit!

I love how the kitchen/oyster bar is in the center of restaurant with seats all around facing the action.  It was nice entertainment watching the chefs crank out dish after dish and shucking oysters in rapid fire mode.  Let's get to the Jambalaya...

Boubon Street Jambalaya with Shrimp -- Smoked shrimp,andouille sausage, and tasso ham tossed with rice and topped
with zesty sauce piquant.
http://bit.ly/11dqRp8
It's not the best Jambalaya I've ever had, but it was still very good!  Huge pieces of shrimp, a nice amount of rice, and lots of andouille sausage.  A surprise in every bite just as every Jambalaya should have.  Plus I loved the spicy kick it had!

The Oyster Bar is very casual and inviting and if you have a craving for seafood at decent prices, this is the right place for you.  Plus they're open pretty late till 11pm which is also a plus if you want to get a nice casual seafood dinner after a show.  I have to go back to try their other stuff, especially their oysters.  Overall, solid dining spot!
DO NOT COME HERE FOR THE PANROAST. 
- overpriced
- Palace Station's panroast is 100x better

Clam chowder (4/5) - This was good
Calamari (3/5) - Just okay

I must say, i did NOT try the oysters. Maybe I just ordered the wrong dishes here but I would not come here to try the panroast. This place is WAY overpriced compared to the oyster bar at palace station which is much better.
Delicious!
We've been here before and they never disappoint. We make sure to sit at the counter and always have a great time. This time we had grilled oysters, they were awesome. The seared tuna salad was superb (as well as being a large portion of very fresh ahi). The clams were done in a wonderful sauce. Toss in 2 great drinks and we're very happy with this place. One of the very few reasons to go to Harrah's anymore.
Awesome.   Oyster heaven.
This was a really uncomfortable dinner mostly because it was my suggestion and everyone hated it.  Everything my mother-in-law ordered was sold out.  They refused to bring her anything to drink despite multiple requests... the list is endless.

At the end of the day, the food that was available was good but the ambiance and the service were lacking.
No joke, I would eat here every night if I could. We had a gift certificate so we ordered everything the chef recommended....quite literally. There was also a nice couple next to us that gave suggestions however I have a feeling this is one of those places that no matter what you order is amazing. You literally sit on the periphery of the kitchen so you watch all the lovely bumbling pots of shrimp, clams, oysters and the sizzling of steaks sets the stage for the cacophony of kitchen sounds. The experience on a whole was a delight of the senses. We started with Oyster Royale- the oysters tasted very fresh and I loved the wasabi roe and cream, the oysters were briney and fresh, some of the best I think I've had in a while ( I LOVE oysters!), then we had a cold seafood platter that was chocked full of tiger prawns, crab legs, lobster tail, and more OYSTERS!, the hubs got a steak (because he is a beef junky) which was cooked rare to his liking and I got a muscle pot of gold...I can't exactly remember what the name was but it had a roasted tomato sauce that was superb. I started with a bloody mary and then I had a martini sooooo yes remembering what I ate past the oysters is a bit hard, but eh it's Vegas Baby. Writing this review makes me want to plan a trip specifically so I can eat oysters again. If you are a fan of "in kitchen dining" and like oysters you should try this place for sure. 
I am a very picky seafood eater, and have had oysters so fresh I've pulled a live baby crab from my mouth (oyster's last meal) so I know fresh seafood when I eat it.
Great prices for fresh oysters and also the peel and eat shrimp. The main courses were OK. I was confused by mine, scallops with Cajun cream sauce and tagliatelle  pasta. It had 4 wonderful large fresh scallops on top but the it had a hand full of frozen baby scallops mixed into the pasta and sauce. My wife had a salmon dish which was OK but nothing to write home about. If we go back it will be to have oysters and shrimp but not much else. Service was questionable to be nice.
We stop here several times whenever we're in town. Great location, just right inside Harrah's, which is nice when we stay across the street. They fly their oysters in that morning, so always fresh!  
Their clam chowder is amazing! This last time we were there they had afternoon drink specials, 2 for 1. The staff is always friendly and helpful. Sit at the bar, and you can watch them prepare everything, and chat with interesting folk!
I've had two completely different experiences at this place.

FIRST experience- the Hispanic waiter was rude. It seems as though he hates his job! Lol. I think he is also the cook for the panroast too. Anyways, it took him forever to get our water. The clam chowder also looked strange.... more pink than white. We ordered a dozen oysters as well and those were delicious.

SECOND experience- our waiter was Asian this time. Very prompt on our order and water. I tried the Caesar Salad this time and it was yummy. The clam chowder tasted A LOT better this time around- white, creamy, full of clams. The waiter also talked to us and recommended the Kusshi oyster and actually let us sample two different kinds of oysters. Needless to say, we ordered an extra dozen Kusshi oysters. Friendly service and samples= happy customers who order more food.
This place is the worst.  Low grade dog food.
A lot of people go to Vegas for the buffets. After dining here, screw the buffets!

This was hands down, the best restaurant my lovely friends and I ate at during the fun weekend.  I felt as though you cannot go wrong with any food items you choose.  Each dish comes with a special sauce (I am a sauce man) that just enhances every flavor you get.  The panroast was amazing.  The shrimp was huge (Good idea to dip it in the panroast sauce since the shrimp can be a little dry)!  The oysters were sized right (Careful on the wasabi-like dip).  What really did me in was the seafood risotto.  I do not usually prefer risotto, but they definitely did something with this dish that got me hooked.  The texture was perfect, the sauce was perfect, everything was just so delicious.  Each bite was something to savor, being drunk or not.
Not sure how to describe my dining experience, the food was underwhelming  to be generous. I was expecting more, the service was adequate. It was nothing to write home about.  One member of our party received his order at least twenty minutes after everyone else. To make situation worse, his order was not prepared well.  I doubt I will visit this establishment again, I should have read these reviews prior to attending.
I never liked oysters until I ate the oysters here at Harrah's! Omg so amazing! Open late too!
Who knew Harrah's would hide such a great place to eat?? Came here after looking on yelp for 'best rated' and 'open now'... was better than expected! Sat at the bar. Our server (Danny?) was on top of it! Quick, attentive, definitely handling the fully seated bar. Got a dozen oysters for $24, same price you'd pay at a farmers market, and they were delicious! Also had the ceviche, also good. Tried the blue lagoon cocktail. Tasty all around! Def recommend.
A little gem tucked away in the middle of Harrah's. The clam chowder is delicious. The oysters always great! Don't miss it!!
We came here thinking that it was going to be like the Oyster Bar in Palace Station and we could save the drive+wait over there. Sadly, we were wrong.  The menu selection was much smaller than the other Oyster Bar, but they had a few similar items so we figured it would still work. At first, the server was very friendly and attentive. He got our drink orders right away and suggested a few items on the menu to help us decide what to order. My dad ordered the cioppino, my sister & sales guy got the recommended shrimp scampi, brother in law the fish and chips, and I had the Cajun scallops over pasta. The cioppino was cold, which is odd since all the seafood in it was overcooked. The shrimp scampi was super bland so the two people who ordered it were dumping salt and Tabasco on it just to make sure their taste buds were still working. My scallops were seasoned well, but all caked and burnt on one side. The pasta part of my dish was super bland too so I had to scrape the seasoning off of my scallops to mix in to get some type of flavor. I think the fish and chips were ok, so that makes it the best dish of the night. When the server came by, I told him that all the food was super bland and he just said "bland? ok" then cleaned it up and gave us the bill. In terms of price, it was pretty expensive too. Mid $20 - mid $30 range but you save $1 with the Total Rewards card. LOL. What a joke.
DO NOT CONFUSE THIS PLACE with the Oyster Bar at Palace Station- completely different. Somehow GPS led us here instead of the other one we really wanted to go to- I mean it wasn't bad- but when you were expecting a pan roast with creamy sauce and instead you get a jambalaya looking thing you are a little bummed. Their version of pan roast is completely different and it wasn't until the food came out that I realized we were at the wrong place! No wonder there was no line! However, I must admit I really liked how they sliced the lobster pieces in half so it was easy to eat. :)
This is a review purely on oysters cause that's what I got. The oysters that I got was $20 -$25 for a dozen including tax and tip. I sat by the bar where we got to see the staff opening the oysters up. It was pretty pricy but wasn't a surprised since we were in the middle of the dessert so it is probably hard to get seafood out there. Anyways I was extremely surprised by how fresh the oysters tasted and no sand!! I'm not exactly sure what the different oysters were because we got a mixed but I enjoyed them all. 

My friend ordered Manhattan Clam Chowder and did not enjoy it very much. It was red/orange and looked like a tomato soup. She actually said it tasted more tomato than clam chowder. 

The restaurant is pretty small, the kitchen is right in front of you. If you sit by the bar you watch then make everyone else's dish. I guess this is why some of the other food isn't as amazing like some people were expecting because I don't think they had a specialize chef for some of the food. I saw like some guy who looked like the manager and other stuff help cook the food.
My fiancee decided to try this place since my cousin was raving about it. Since we were staying across the street at Caesar's Palace, we decided to take a stroll for a quick bite. Once seated at the bar, it took some time before anyone walking around stopped to give us any attention. We ordered a dozen oysters and the pan roast. The oysters appeared fresh and were nice and cold. The pan roast was ok, not as tasty as the pan roast served at the Oyster Bar at Palace Station. Not sure if service was lagging because we got there about 40 minutes before closing, but the server just didn't seem interested in their job and we ended up giving up on ordering another drink during the meal.

If you're looking for an Oyster Bar, try the one at Palace Station. This one doesn't seem quite up to par.
Came here for oysters on the half shell. Sampled a couple different kinds, like the pico de gallo and wasabi/ creme freche. After eating half a dozen of each, decided they were not what we wanted and sent the remaining half dozen back for plain oysters. Amazingly, Matt, our server, gladly helped us out and hooked us up with a new plate of oysters, and we only paid for what we ate. Fantastic! Matt was wonderful and I highly recommend him. Great place for oysters on the half shell.
The clam chowder was alright, the waitstaff was super fast, though it wasn't very busy, but the oysters we got in the half shell could have been better... They weren't briny enough.  We also got one of the seafood entrees, it was mediocre as well. The closest bathroom is a trek away . Overall, it was alright. Wouldn't eat there again, but it wasn't terrible.
I had the clam chowder and a dozen oysters. The chowder was very creamy and thick.. it almost had the texture of a potato soup. The bar seats around 25 or so people and there are a few tables. There a good selection of dishes. The oysters were sweet, but on the smallish side.
I cannot explain how delicious this place is. First of all THE BEST crab cakes! EVER!!! You have to get these. They are worth every penny! The fish and chips and calamari are excellent too. Everything is extremely fresh and so good. 
Not only is the food amazing, but the service is equivalent. Our server was Moon, who was such a sweet, nice guy. He went above and beyond to get us everything we needed, and no need to ask for refills (which can sometimes be annoying); the minute our drinks were low, he was on top of it with another. If you eat here, please make sure to tip this guy good, he totally deserves it. 
Last but not least, the restaurant itself is extremely cute and cozy, there is no other way to put it. 
We've only eaten here once (we live in LA), but we will definitely be going there again next time we are in Vegas.
YUM YUM YUM! I'm from New Orleans and seafood was excellent !!!! I'm a seafood snob and loved it! It was pretty neat to sit at the bar and watch cooks make your meal for you!
We come here every time we go to Las Vegas, which is once or twice a year.
The raw oysters are always fresh and worth the price.
Our favorite dish is the pan roast. It's filled with fresh seafood and perfectly seasoned.

One time we went to the Oyster bar at Palace Station, only to find that kids are not allowed as it's a bar type of place, so we can't compare these 2 places.

This place allows kids, but being in the middle of a casino, the air quality is not very good (ie, cigarette smell).
Worst service I ever had in Vegas. Waiter is rude and we waited more than half hour to even get the water. The steak we ordered was midium but had a well done steak which is disgusting! Will never come back. EVER!
OYSTAAA BARRR

Check it this place is hidden in a secret ghetto part of Las Vegas in a Hotel called Harrahs.

First things first if your broke you wont be able to pay!
Oysters range from about 20-30 dollars! but I have to say.. ITS SUPER DELICIOUS NO JOKE! Ofcourse just with oyster you wont fill yourself up but they actually give you free bread and chips which does the job!

The people working their tend to watch sports game on T.V. so they tend to forget about their customers so you have to speak loudly to them to get their attention... 
- 1 star for that.

Overall though if you just want some oysters this place does the job!

PEACE
They wouldn't let me order take out last night. Boo. I've done it last year and the year before.
Hey this place rocks! Richard took care of us. The raw bar was fantasti please give it a try.you will not be disappointe
Its a must have every time I go to vegas.  Beer boiled shrimp,  grilled oysters, raw oysters and Bloody Mary oyster shooters are all on my must order list.  If you feel like steak, it great there too!
Every time I come to Vegas (which is frequently for work) I always try and find the out of the way the little hot spot the locals go. However... I make it a point at least once each time to hit this place. The staff/chefs are always fun and friendly! (Dennis was great tonight). The food is outstanding (and yes, I have a refined palette) for the price. Tonight, Oysters Royale (never miss it) some blackened (for you NOLA folk not the same but great) shrimp and Pan Roast. I've never been disappointed and never expect to be! Skip Emil's. This is the place for great food and company.
Oysters on the half shell, grilled oysters, oysters rock, clams, clam chowder, rib eye, split lobster tail.  Not one food complaint from our group.  The oysters were fantastic, the rib eye tender, the lobster succulent, clams were tasty.  Our only complaint was that we were seated, and never got service for 15 minutes until one of our party finally walked up to the bar and told them.  After that we were promptly served for the rest of our meal.  It would have been 5 stars for other than the service.  Note that this place is NOT cheap.  It's on average about 25$ for a dozen oysters.  You can certainly find them cheaper off the strip, and at various happy hours around the area, but we wanted a place we could walk to from where we were staying.  Our party of 5 racked up a 202$ bill for food and drinks w/o tip.  Some times ya just gotta splurge!   We went here the first day of a 4 day stay and I dreamed about these oysters the last 3 nights.  Yes they were that good, and I've had oysters from WA to CA to FL to ME.  These stand up to any I've ever had.
Went outside my comfort zone and ordered bbq oysters and the Rockefeller oysters...both awesome but favored the bbq ones.. calamari was good not chewy.....my waiter was an older gentleman(James) and he was awesome also...most definitly coming back...
II ordered the manhattan clam chowder one day for lunch and the next day ordered a crab louis salad.  the food was great. I was in and out fast and back to my convention.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. My husband and I searched the strip for some raw oysters and found some at Spago that cost us $25 for half a dozen and they were small and the sauce that came with it tasted like vinegar. WE were majorly disappointed. Well we left there and went to walk down the strip and found this little hidden GEM in Harrah's. The calamari was the best I have ever had and the raw oysters on the half shell were large and came with the cocktail sauce and horseradish that makes them so good. Great cocktails to boot. My next trip this will be a regular spot for my meals.
I came here two days ago on accident. A friend of mine suggested I go to the Oyster Bar, but failed to mention that it was the one at the Palace Station hotel. I accidentally navigated myself here, but it was the best mistake I could've made. I ordered the pan roast because that was what my friend suggested to me, thinking it was at the other restaurant, so I did. They served it to me in a giant metal bowl that looked like half a mini torpedo. It was kinda cool. The pan roast comes with a variety of fresh, well cooked seafood that was absolutely delicious. It was served in this yellowish curry that stole the show. I could not stop eating and tasting it. I was tempted to take a dish  home with me, but at $31 I decided to save it for some gambling. Service was good. Although I did have to wait a whole after my meal for the waiter to come by and ask if I needed anything else, which I did. Overall good experience though. I would consider staying at Harrah's just so I can eat here. Plus it's open 24/7. Awesome!
The Food gets a 5 the service gets a generous 2. Oysters were awesome as were the king crab legs. The service was comically bad. Was not rude or anything like that, was just the classic Houdini service. Order and watch them disappear. Basically had to wave my arms like landing an airplane to pay the bill. But food definitely makes it worthwhile just make sure to go there when in a carefree mood
Ok so me and the wife came in here for a dozen oysters, they were delish. Since the oysters were so good we tryed the New England clam chowder that was awesome to. I looked over and the lady next to use had A huge dish of seafood with a cream sauce at the bottom and convinced us to try it. It's called Pan Roast OMG so good. I'm from Florida and I know seafood this is good seafood!!! But I think what mAde it so fun and a all around good expierence was our server Trent. Ask for his section. He's was at the oyster bar area when we were there.
If you've ever had a pan roast from Grand Central Station in NYC, you'll know this is a ketchup nightmare... it's so not right.

Horrible frozen ingredients mixed up with industrial grade HFC laden ketchup.  NO BUENO...
Great friendly staff! Especially the server Moon, the dude from Korea!

The food is so fricken' salty though my god I'm dying from salty mouth as a write this!! 

I still have a full table of salty food to eat and  I'm not excited to eat it!

The oyster shooters are good though!
I love this place! Every time I come to Vegas I have to stop by here and get the grilled Parmesan and garlic oysters - the best I've ever had. And the flash fried calamari is awesome (abnormally large pieces) especially since it's only an appetizer. Plus the service is great and the environment is casual so it's much easier to be in and out and back to partying it up on the strip!
The server/ oyster shucker seemed annoyed to be disturbed from his sports game on TV by me ordering or requesting items like napkins, silverware, water, or the check. Come to think of it the guy needed prompting the whole time! For food that ain't cheap this kind of service is cray... Especially with the wealth of good dining options in Vegas. Run away from this place. They suck! My bacon-wrapped scallops were gross- covered in BBQ and the white fatty part of bacon, not the standard solid minutely fatty looking pieces real restaurants serve. 

I love seafood whether it be fine dining or dive style. This place sucked by all standards and the service was exceptionally poor.
We had read the reviews and decided to try The Oyster Bar for dinner one night.  So glad we did!!  This little seafood jewel is tucked away in a small section of Harrah's Casino.  We sat at the bar and watched them shuck the oysters and prepare our meals!  My husband and I both had "kettle" cooked items - he had the seafood bouillabaisse and I had the seafood risotto.  Both were excellent choices.  The bouillabaisse was like a seafood "treasure hunt" - it had a nice sized lobster tail, huge shrimp, mussels and fresh fish in a wonderful stock - it seemed as if you could put your spoon in the bowl and bring up something new each time!!  The risotto was cooked to perfection as we watched and tasted amazing.  Again, an assortment of fresh seafood throughout the entire bowl.  Our server, Trent, was also the cook and he was highly entertaining and extremely attentive.  Very fresh oysters and assorted seafood served in a surprising, casual atmosphere made this one of our new LV favorites!!
This place was great, we went with our close friends and had a blast.  The variety of oysters were great and the calamari wonderful.  Love the flatbread and wonderful bloody Mary's.  Will visit this place again when in Vegas!
I failed at my first attempt to eat here, arriving at about 10:37pm after a gambling run.  On my second attempt, I was more successful.  I ponied up to this little bar and restaurant and got a jumbo shrimp cocktail.  My friends were about to take things to the next level and I had very little in my stomach, so this pit stop was very necessary.  The shrimp were big and flavorful as was the accompanying sauce.  The complimentary rolls and butter were taken advantage of given the fact that this is an in-casino restaurant which - much like everywhere else in Las Vegas - was kinda overpriced.  If you have a Total Rewards card from the Harrah's group, use it to get a slight discount here.  I did not experience much of the menu, but what I did experience I liked very much.  If you like oysters and other seafood, it appeared as if my co-patrons were very much enjoying what they were eating.
This place was good and I stop by while on business in town.  The varieties of oysters were great and the Bass was good. Service was a little slow and need more work.
Maybe I ordered the wrong thing (spicy linguini w/ shrimp), but my friends had never tried the Oyster Bar at Palace Station's Pan Roast, so we tried it here.  It is not even CLOSE.  I had a feeling it wouldn't be up to par with the original.  It had a lot of seafood, but the consistency was very watery and a bit too sweet.  I got the calamari, which had way too much breading on it and was on the salty side.  My other friend got the linguini w/ clams, which was not a very large portion considering the near $20 price (more or less).  There's no wait but skip the Pan Roast here!
If only I could give 6 or more stars... Without question, this was the best overall restaurant I went to while we were in vegas last week... In fact We went twice... First... Best oysters Ive had...bar none. Period. Freshest, overnighted daily.  Chef knows everything about his oysters and can supply you with more facts about them than you know existed.The naked cowboy and naked cowgirl oysters (yes, these are the actual names) are a branded oyster that will soon be instantly recognized by millions of oyster fans coast to coast. And the chef prepares them perfectly..  While there I also tried their new england clam chowder.. Barely any potatoes... Its all clam and again.. The best Ive had.  Chef Raymondo also served us up "oyster shots", some with bloody mary mix, some with a combination fat tire beer, cocktail sauce, and an oyster.  That was my first time on a shot like that... And wow! Incredible!  Chey Raymondo also prepared a grilled shrimp and pepper dish that was amazing.
       I also must specifically call out Chef Raymondo as literally the best, friendliest, most charismatic chef slash server ever (when you sit at the oyster bar the Chef also serves).  When i went back the next day for lunch, Chef remembered I like Fat Tire and came right over with a 6 pack chilled on ince in a bucket.  Every time I am in vegas now I will stop at harrahs oyster bar... Multiple times!  Harrahs: great job on having the bar and whatever you do: keep Raymondo on your staff and happy.
Had the kuushi and kumamoto oysters last week and they were not fresh.  It's getting late in the season, so that could be why.  The oyster meat was flat and not plump and  it did not have the salty ocean flavor.  Had the seared tuna salad, now, that was excellent.  The portion was great for one person.  However, if ordering an main dish, this salad would be enough for two. The service was fairly slow, as I sat at the bar and I may have been transparent that night, because had I not waved at the bar guy I may not have been served.  Once, I ordered the food came real quick.  First time eating there, the experience was ok.
I'm sure people walk by and don't give this place a second glance. They are so wrong!!  The horseradish burns your face off in such a good way! Shooters are awesome. We had the cioppino and o.b's pan roast both fantastic!!! 

The shooters are big, they will get a good buzz! Carlos was great he was busy but still gave us great service.
I've never had a bad experience or service here. I love their oysters on the half shell. So fresh and they do a pretty good job shucking the oysters so that there's rarely shell pieces on the oyster. I've been here so many times now but my favorite item on the menu that I recently tried is the cioppino. Hands down an amazing dish. Filled with tons of a variety of seafood (mussel, clam, lobster, shrimp, scallop, etc), and a fragrant spicy tomato based broth. My family ordered the OB pan roast, the sauce taste a lot like mesquite bbq sauce. Sweet and Salty but full of seafood as well. Overall everything was good, service friendly and attentive, I'd come back on my next trip!
Good food & great service.
Went to Oyster Bar Friday Night & Saturday Night, food was really good and excellent service.  5 star! !!
;)
This place was aight. Not that fancy and I somehow confused it with another oyster bar at The Palace Station, so I was deeply disappointed when I found out they were two different places. Considering I was staying at the Harrah's and I needed a quick bite before heading out for the night, this was a close option without going too ham. 

I order a half dozen oyster with wasabi caviar and a clam chowder. I guess I wasn't that hungry so this was enough to fill me up. Thankfully, they do offer a basket of bread and sesame chip/cracker thing...a lot of it. 

The oysters were whatevs. The oyster themselves were fresh and a little bit briny since they were medium sized, but I thought the creme fraiche and a huge dollop of wasabi caviar was a bit excessive. I had to scoop most of it off and just douse it with a lot of lemon juice. The creme fraiche was so thick and creamy and the wasabi caviar, tasteless. It didn't have that kick of spicy I was expecting. It would have been better if it was just wasabi creme served on the side. 

Clam chowder was your typical run of the mill bowl of clam chowder. Nothing to write home about. 

Also, if you have a Total Rewards card, there will be some discounts for you! A couple dollars off for most of the menu so I can't say everything was bad. :P
After our EDC trip, my boyfriend and I did not feel like eating anything. We wanted something small but nothing too heavy and filling. Not sure if it is a good idea to eat raw food after a day of not eating and a night of drinking, but we wanted oysters. As we walked up to the counter, we can smell the fishiness of the oysters.
It was around 1pm and we were expecting a lot of people, but there were only about 4-5 families around us. We sat at the bar; right in front of where the chef would pry open the shells. At first, we stood in front of the bar, waiting for a waiter or someone to help us. We ended up getting fed up, so we just sat down. Nobody came to neither take our order nor offer us anything to drink. After 10 minutes, I started too waved down one of the chefs and he finally took our order. We ordered the half dozen Salsa half shelled oysters for $18. All I can say is, not worth it! I rather go to boiling crab, even though it is not as fresh the one here. But honestly, it tasted the same. Yes, the oysters were fresh and the salsa made it extra flavorful and it did take away the fish stench. But for $18, I was expecting a POW in my mouth. Nothing happened. Lame... We downed everything within 5 minutes...took another 10 to wave down someone to get us our checks. Bam $21 total...and we booked. 
Next time, if I do come back, I would probably just order some clam chowder or calamari.... (the family next to us ordered them and they looked and smelled good)
I've been to vegas so many times, yet I barely discovered this restaurant last year. 

I absolutely adore this place. 

My boyfriend and I normally just order oysters. 

But when we were there last night, we ordered the Pico del oysters with the Catch of the Day: Chilean Sea Bass.  

There is complimentary crunchy flat bread. Be careful don't get full off that though. 

Servers are extremely nice and so are the cooks. 

We had chatted with one of the cooks our first time there and asked when they receive their shipment of oysters and other seafood. He said they come in fresh every morning.

No wonder it tastes so fresh ! A+ !
Since trying the pan roast at Palace Station, my husband and I seek out other pan roast restaurants to get our "fix" and to compare.  We were staying on the strip and I noticed Harrah's had a restaurant of the same name so we decided to try it.  Yes it is more expensive than the one at Palace Station but it's packed with seafood.  My husband liked it so much he wanted to go back the next day.  We went there late so there was no line, they have regular tables too for those who don't like to sit at the bar type tables/chairs.  There was an additional discount if you went back within 24 hours.  In any event, the menu has a lot more items than the one at Palace Station.  Since starting this review, I've been back to the restaurant once more, still very good.  I also tried to go back to Palace Station- waited an hour and got out of line because I couldn't take it anymore so ...maybe we're going to just stick with Harrah's from now on.
everytime we go we get some oysters and oyster shooters in between doing other things. asian bomb is the way to go. intense but fantastic. the guys there are a lot of fun too.
Love the seafood here, fresh and tasty.

Our server Sammy was very attentive, made our 3 and 5 year old kids feel special
This is my favorite Vegas spot that not many people know about. The food is excellent.  Fresh, light, and made right in front of you. The oysters are fresh and tasty and I recommend the fish tacos, cioppino, both clam chowders, and the crabcakes. But the real charm here is the amazing staff. The same folks have been there for years and the recognize us when we come back, even after a year. Treat them right and they will be exceptionally nice. Last year we got a free risotto sample and this year it was shrimp ceviche and some soup.

Prices are reasonable for Vegas and service is prompt and friendly. A great place for lunch and worth a walk.
This restaurant has two locations. The Windmill location is located within what appears to me to be a lower-scale plaza and has a pretty unassuming appearance.  

Inside there's a kind of New Agey vibe. You'll find all kinds of books about nutrition, raw food recipes, and improving your health.  This place attracts a diverse group of people, which is part of the fun for me in coming here.  The food is the other part of the fun: great-tasting raw entrees  such as enchiladas, pizza and sushi - my three favorites.   At this location there is a salad bar, which is an excellent way to sample some raw foods in small doses if you are new to eating this way.   The juices and deserts are heavenly!

While some of the dishes are an acquired taste (and the menu is a little pricey) I greatly appreciate this establishment and will continue to eat here as often as I can.  They have a second location further north at "The Lakes Center," 2910 Lake East Drive. It is smaller and has a juice bar rather than a salad bar, and hosts raw food demonstration classes occasionally.  You should go!
I have mixed feelings about Go Raw.  I like the heathy juices and the house salad is terrific.  I am very into eating organic and from time to time will have the will power to go raw vegan for a few months.  My love of all things gastronomic doesn't hold me there for long though.

Once I called in an order for a juice to go.  When I got there they said they had no idea who I spoke to but they don't take phone orders.  They asked the employees in the back if anyone had talked to me on the phone and taken my order and they just shook there heads. They
suggested I had called a wrong number which made no sense.  Like a wrong number would take my juice order.  When I got back in my car I looked at my call log on my phone and sure enough it was their
number I had called.  

Another time I got something in my salad that wasn't susposed to be there.  It happens. 

I forgive them but I am deducting stars accordingly.  It's just a little inconsistent at times.
The makers of Rawmakery foods. I don't recommend their pre-packaged stuff. If you're raw (I was for a time), they use Braggs Amino Acids in their crackers, which is not raw and contains soy. Also, their crackers have a distinctively rancid taste and smell, as the fats in the seeds and nuts used in their products go bad quickly. Aside from their pre-made stuff, this is one of the few places in the LV that offers raw essentials: raw coconut oil, nut butters, raw olives, dehydrated fruit, etc. The restaurant fare is good, but I wasn't feeling the overpriced mock-entrees; I recommend the salads instead. The organic house salad with cilantro dressing is fantastic, and their dehydrated toasts are very good. Juices, smoothies, and the self-serve salad bar are all fresh, organic, vegan, and simple. Service is above average. Overall, a great organic vegan lunch spot for when you're in the mood to eat something living.
had dinner there - ordered the international sampler and thought it was good but i wish i just ordered one thing. i didn't love the hummus so much, but the italian (lasagna?) was quite delicious! i noticed on the smoothie/juice menu that you can add honey or bee pollen, which isn't vegan. ok ok, i'm not vegan either, but i used to be and the mixed messages bother me! :) that said, it was good and probably the healthiest option in this crazy town of all you can eat fattening buffets.
we've been patrons for over 5 years. 
i continue to support them because the pros outweigh the cons. im really happy there is at least one restaurant in vegas like this. it would be a shame if there wasn't even one place that catered to raw organic diets.. 
i do think they could train they're staff, particularly a couple of them to be more friendly. 
also a few times our veggie wraps were not completely washed free of dirt...but if you ever have a problem w/ your food they'll fix it if you ask.
It's very hard to find vegan restaurants in las vegas.

This one has great service (they'll know you by name).
And if you have special orders, they remember.

Some of the food is a little out-there, but that's to be expected.
I recommend the mushroom wrap (with extra fake cheese).
The smoothies are also great (try adding chocolate/carob chips).
NOTE: I am a major carnivore. I hate veggies and health food makes me squeamish. Keep this in mind.

I found the food here.. well kind of gross. We got 2 sampler platters and honestly all the food tasted the same! I realize maybe my palette isn't "refined" enough to tell the difference between fake lasagna and fake enchiladas, but seriously the food was all so similar and boring. Props to the people who can stand to eat this stuff all the time.. it takes some ridiculous will power.

As someone with a degree in the biological sciences I think the concept of raw food is completely unfounded and ridiculous... but I have to appreciate that there are others that disagree with me despite the overwhelming lack of true scientific evidence in their favor. Our bodies create their own enzymes, there is nothing wrong with this. There isn't an advantage to eating enzymes, and plant enzymes don't help your body perform better or even aid in human digestion.

Ok anyways, not to start a heated vegan debate here, but I can say 2 facts about eating there. 1. The food is PRICEY. Seriously we're talking $8.88 for a smoothie.. WHAT? I guess "quality" is expensive, whatever. 2. I have felt sick for the 12 hours since eating this so called food. I know it takes awhile to get used to raw food, and the first time you feel ill or something, but I don't very much enjoy feeling ill after eating "healthy" food. I don't get it. 

Advice to carnivores.. this place isn't for you (ok duh, that wasn't very helpful). If you're feeling adventurous like I was, good for you, but be warned that our stomachs aren't made to handle this "living" food and you might not be happy after eating there!
at least we have one place but, because we have one place that is a monopoly they slack.  

the one guy with the dreadlocks is one angry vegan.  Maybe cause he's miserable and hasn't had a real hot meal in years...

dude is damn right lecherous staring down women's shirt.  

anyways, the food is overpriced for not having an oven and a gas bill.

It's not bad in a pinch and but, suck the money out of you.  half the people that go in their are morbidly obese anyways. 

I do go back for the mexicali wrap cause the price is pretty reasonable on that.

how do charge so much for vegetables?

and it's not even all organic!
I took some friends here for lunch today as a 'Thanks' because I had been their houseguest for the weekend. Also, they saved my company from having to pay for a hotel room for 2 nights, so it didn't cost me directly - which wound up being super nice because it cost $60+ for lunch for three peeps. Ouch.

Inside it looks more like a bookstore, with food added in as an afterthought. We ordered from a tired looking gentleman, who was quite sweet. We sat down with our drinks, which were apparently 'naturally effervescent,' and proceeded to explode all over our table. The only thing we had to try to control the fizz were some paper napkins, which didn't impress the staff too much. Sorry - but we had to protect our laps from bubbling mango soda!

We shared the chips and salsa - which was fine. The salsa was really good and fresh, but there was only about three tablespoons of it. And the flax chips were OK, just a little thick and soy tasting.

We then got the vegetable sushi, which was quite good. A large serving of a maki-like entree, except without rice or fish. It basically tasted like a delicious mouthful of vegetables that I wouldn't have tried without some outside encouragement. I mean, I never thought I would truly enjoy raw enoki mushrooms.

My friends got the portabella wrap and beet-cheese burger. The wrap was ok - very salty marinated mushrooms and 'almond cheese' wrapped in some raw chard. The burger was slightly better - tasting very much like nutmeat and also served with a generous helping of 'cheese.' The salad that came with the burger was large and really, really good.

We did add salt and pepper to everything, though. Generously.

All in all, I would recommend this place if you want to get out of the unhealthy eating-out lifestyle. The food is more of an experience than some omnivores might be up for, so keep that in mind when planning a night out.

And don't use more than one napkin!
4 stars for the raw/vegan restaurant in Las Vegas! Agree with other yelpers finding a place like this in vegas is hard. This is definitely out of the way from the strip, but worth the drive. The food is good, not great, but if you are looking for vegan food in Vegas and cant find it anywhere else, this is a good place to come. A little on the expensive side and staff is a little rude depending on who you end up with. 

My non-V friend came here and she was satisfied with her meal. She really liked the smoothie we ordered. When in vegas, i would come back here for some V food, although there is not many other options, but it is a good one.
My first Raw Food cafe experience! Food had a lot of flavor and the portions were good.  I ordered the traditional raw Pizza and the Mango coconut toast. Tasted great, kept me full, made me feel great and gave me energy for the rest of the day! Service is friendly and laid back here.  I enjoyed browsing the books and grocery section while we waited for our meal (which didn't take long!). Beet burger was also good! Will definitely come back next time we are in town.
Food is okay - really good smoothies, but it is expensive and the employees are rude and non-personable. I don't know if they always give dirty looks for the sake of dirty looks, or if they are just PO'ed about something. Anyway, salad bar is decent, smoothies are good, everything is expensive.
After ordering their "hamburger" I was asked if I knew what raw food was, and if I realized that I was not going to be receiving a hot, bloody pile of meat on a bun. Not in those words... but it felt like that.

I got the #12 to drink (Body Cleanser), to accompany my meal... and that was nice. Too expensive at $6 for the regular (small) size, but everything you'd expect from fresh vegetable juice.

The burger was great. Filling, and fresh. The "fries" on the side were slices of avocado (yes, please) dusted with some kind of magic raw fairy powder that made me forget all about their fried and very long distant cousin the french fry.

A bottle of water for the road and a wheat grass shot came to $25. I know it's raw. I know it's fresh, but that's still a little too pricey for what I had. The presentation of the food was surprisingly artful, but the slightly inflated prices would have been much easier to stomach if the gentleman behind the counter was a little more welcoming.

While not very impressive on the inside, the menu was interesting enough for a repeat visit, and the quality of the food was high.
So grateful for Go Raw!

I like the GV location better because they do have a few cooked options when my little belly wants some warmth. Plus I am partial to GV.

From the menu - house salad | kale salad with cilantro dressing. Those are in the current rotation. I was stuck on the Beet Burger and the Mexicali Pizza for years - those are great too. The new coffee cream dessert in the fridge is one of my all time favorite desserts. It is up there with the raw mint chocolate chip ice cream I had at Pure Food and Wine in NYC.

The salad bar is small, but all I need. The fresh cut fruit (esp the pineapple is always phenomenal.)

Last, but not least drink #28 - I think it's 28??? It is the last one on the menu - the superfood (supergood) smoothie. It's $10 but a meal in itself.

In short...go there.
The food and salad bar are great, and portions are generous. I was fine with the semi-high prices given the quality and I know a lot of work goes linto preparing raw food. However, they charged me $ 5 for tea which is obscene and it left a bad taste in my mouth despite the delicious and healthy food I had eaten.
Stopped in here while I was in Vegas. This place was great. I love the cafe/nutrition shop. They offer a large selection of raw foods, books, body care, and vitamins. My friend ordered the Mediterranean Wrap and I had the salad bar. Both were tasty. The cilantro dressing from the salad bar was really good.
I FINALLY went back to Go Raw today, after literally 2 years of meaning to go...That is an insane amount of slacking.  And I'm pretty mad at myself, because my lunch was delicious!

I got the "vegi-cotti," a large entree of a manicotti-like creation with raw tortilla-type shells filled with minced veggies (cauliflower, broccoli, zucchini) and creamy and luscious cashew "ricotta" flavored with pesto.  It also came with a veggie pasta primavera (strips of zucchini plus other chopped veg) in a perfectly seasoned tomato sauce.

I tried my friend's creamy tomato soup that she went crazy over (it was damn tasty) and her house salad.  Everything was crisp and fresh, and it just felt so good to eat like this!

We both paid about $20 for our food + Fiji water, not bad considering the quality.  I'd definitely be doing myself a service by taking $20 out of my weekly booze budget and eating lunch here on the regular.

I am probably an undersalter, and this food tasted great to me, but I could see how people used to restaurant salting might find it bland.

You'll find this little nugget of healthfulness tucked away in the Smith's shopping center.  It doesn't say "Go Raw" out front, so it can be a bit confusing.  Look for the giant "veggie cafe" and "juices" signs.
So this is the year I decided I was going to be a vegetarian for the year. My quest started while I was still living in Manhattan so there was no shortage of great vegetarian and vegan places to try. Fast forward to me moving back to Vegas. Sheesh....no wonder everybody is a little chunkier here! 
I wanted really badly to love the Go Raw Cafe. It's close to home, it's on my way home from the gym and I've been digging trying different foods. Hell even the reviews on Yelp seemed good. 
My wife and I popped in today for lunch. I had the "Gimme the beet cheeseburger and fries and she had a small salad she served herself from the salad bar. The place overall is very plain and casual. Looks like a small market with a couple tables to sit and eat. Nothing special or noteworthy. My "burger" was ok and definitely different. My wife said the salad bar ingredients seemed fresh. The part that makes this place hard to visit again is those 2 items with no beverages came to $22! Now I'm all for paying a little extra for good ingredients and ambiance. I really don't think this place is worth the cost. The one employee I had contact with was very solemn and automatic. I saw they had iced mochas on the menu for $7.88 and smoothies were about the same. Really? You thought Starbucks was rough! No amount of "hip" or "fresh" or "healthy" is going to convince me that I should pay you close to $10 after tax and tip for a coffee. It's really a shame because places like this need to exist and grow but with this economy and those prices and inconvenience (no drive thru or late hours), I hardly doubt they will. Take 40% off those prices and put a smile on your face when a new customer walks in the door....then we will talk.
I am not vegan or vegetarian but do have friends who are so initially tried this restaurant with them.  I found the food to be so delicious I have been back on my own many times.  It is expensive, especially when one gets used to the cheap eats in Vegas but it is worth it for the quality.  So far I have only had their mexican sampler platter and the house salad with the cilantro dressing.  Even though I mean to try other items these have been so good I can't stop ordering them.
While I was planning a week long business trip to Vegas, I tried to find healthy vegetarian restaurants in advance and came across this restaurant.  The high prices didn't bother me because my company was paying for it, but it was the service that ruined it for me.  For starters, there were 2 or 3 ladies there who barely spoke english and it took them a while to come to the register to greet me.  So I order 1 enchilada $8.80) and a 2 oz shot of wheat grass (menu said $1.80 for 1 oz and $3 for 2 oz).  I went to pay and the lady told me to eat and pay later in case I want to buy something else.  So I eat my enchilada, drink my wheatgrass, and go up to pay and it was $16 and some change!  I asked why it was so much (not that I REALLY cared, haha) and she said $8.80 for the enchilada and $6 for 2 oz of wheatgrass.  Apparently they have "updated" prices on the wall in an inconspicuous area and the prices on the menu are no longer valid.  It made no reference to the updated prices on the menu and the sign with the wheatgrass price didn't make reference to it being an "updated" price.  After a couple of minutes back and forth and the cashier telling me that her owner wasn't there and that I needed to pay $6 for the wheatgrass.  It ended with me paying her $3 and giving her my phone number so the owner can call me if he dares to try to dispute this.  This started out as a place where I planned on eating lunch every day during this trip, and now it's a place that I have no plan on ever revisiting.  

Side note:  I went to get a smoothie at Tropical Smoothie Cafe after I left (because I didn't want to pay (have my company pay) the $8 they were asking for a smoothie, and they had 2 oz of wheatgrass for $2.75.
Great place!
Nice food and nice friendly place. They have nice selection of foods and books too.
My third time at this location. I wanted something light before getting a massage. I chose a Berry Good smoothie. Good, naturally sweet, fresh tasting. HAD to take off a star for the price. I got a regular sz(12 oz) cost me $7.44 after tax. One of my favorites, but I wouldn't pay that everyday.
I absolutely love this place.   I have been going there for years now.  They have the best Vegan food, they get so creative with their dishes and make them a lot of fun to eat!  They sell the highest quaulity supplements and vitamins.  I highly recommend this place!
I eat here almost every day. Their house salad is second to none (but get the house dressing on the side because it is a little strange and can be overpowering- I get the lemon juice, oil and herb dressing on the side and it's amazing!) and they have great granola that as far as I know is made in-house and they also sell bags of it. It's called Granola-Yumola and it rules! Their smoothies are a great starting point if you haven't tried much vegan food. And of course their salad bar is great. Be advised about their soups on the menu: make sure you ask whether they are hot or cold because the hot soups are amazing but the cold ones are a little odd even for someone as open-minded as myself. :-P happy eating!
I've been here twice the food is pretty good the atmosphere could use a little work and the employes could use a smile.
If you are into Raw food you will love it here. If you are not into Raw food you could go either way. I love the salads here and my favorite is the Kale Salad.  The last time I was there I had the "enchilada's" and I found them to be very tasty and fresh. I like the food here but it is pretty pricey. I love all of the Vegan and Raw books the store has and they have some nice products too. A very small little place in a strip mall but a great place to find some Raw choices which are few and hard between here in Las Vegas and Henderson.
This is the East side location for the Go Raw cafe.  If you saw my review for the West side, then you know this is an amazing raw cafe in Las Vegas!!!

Yes, you can still be healthy and retain your raw vegan status while in Sin city.  Just get your green juice, raw entree, raw desserts and whatever snacks you desire from flax chips to raw cookies, and you're all set to go.

No Vegas trip will be complete without my daily visits!
I went to eat here today and I thought the food was great. I love anything organic, vegetarian, or vegan so I was excited to try this place. The prices were high but it was well worth it. Everything is fresh and tastes relatively close to the real deal. We tried the enchiladas, portabella mushroom wrap, vegi-cotti, and a smart tart smoothie. All of them were excellent. The only thing that didn't make this place a 5 star destination was the service. I understand that not everyone is going to be optimistic and upbeat but you don't have to be totally depressed all the time.
I hate to write this review. Really I do. But this place made me consider never eating vegan again. I'm astonished at all the wonderful reviews.
I walked in and the woman behind the counter might have grunted a greeting or maybe she just glared at me.
The place looks like all the skanky vegetarian places that were in Santa Cruz, CA when vegetarians were always skanky hippies with questionable hygiene. I thought vegetarians had come a long ways from then. Vegan food can be exciting and palette pleasing. It doesn't have to be depressing.
It didn't smell good in Go Raw. I'm not sure if I'd say it smelled bad, but it just reminded me of the yucky hippy places of my college days.
I did the "salad bar" for $9/lb. I took small helpings of most everything.
The cilantro salad dressing was like an acid bath on my tongue. *shiver* Thankfully I hadn't put much on. But it  was like Go Raw VINEGAR!
I had some stews that didn't seem raw...and they were warm. They were okay. Nothing exceptional. Some yam dish. Some other undescribable dishes too.
I left feeling hungry and slightly grossed out. There was nothing in particular that grossed me out so I don't know why I felt so yucky.
When I eat vegan food at a place like Native Foods in Costa Mesa, CA, I leave feeling like I've filled my body with awesome. But I left Go Raw feeling like I'd just filled my body with yuck.
I wouldn't return.
OTOH, it looks like most of you are loving it, so maybe it's just me.
Meh.
I am not vegan but I like this place.
I am one of those people who has to eat meat or fish with every meal.
I am on a special diet where I need to eat lots of veggie and fish.
I was going to come here to get some good salads and then go to the 
Japanese restaurant for some sashimi.
there's salad bar and menu items.
the super food smoothing is really good and loaded with antioxidant to keep my skin look great!
at the end, I am full and satisfied so I didn't go to Japanese restaurant after.
My wife and I were new to the vegan world. We decided to stop eating meat and anything from it after finding out the insane amount of suffering the animals go through in the farms. After becoming vegans we were noticing amazing changes in both our health! I then started to research how to get the  maximum health benefits from being vegan. 

Coming to Go Raw Cafe was our first step to supreme healthy eating. Everything was delicious and fresh! Desert was amazing! We felt strange eating cheese cake that was good for us. The atmosphere was relaxing.
A bit pricey, but then when I make my own raw food meals, it costs a lot as well. Great, great food, love the purple burrito and the variety of food. Ambience needs some improvement, but the selection is great. Love this place. Always drop by when I'm in Vegas.
Most people don't come to Vegas to engage in healthy activities.  But I cannot live without my daily green juice, so I sought out Go Raw.  Be prepared to pony up some cash, because this place isn't budget friendly as previous reviewers have pointed out.    Then again, most raw food joints aren't.  There's a nice little salad bar and a great selection of juices and smoothies.  If you're looking to stick to a healthy diet and don't know where to go beyond the $5 steak dinners and all-you-eat buffets of Vegas, check this place out.  (P.S.  Check out the Whole Foods in Vegas too.  They also have a halfway decent juice bar on site)
Stopped in here the other day and had a lovely experience. I was feeling under the weather with the beginnings of a cold / funk. The kindness and care I received was second to none. While this cafe specializes in raw, I wanted some hot food and they suggested the cooked vegetable curry soup. It was a generous portion and seemed nutritionally balanced with brown rice, veggies, and legumes. Warming and delicious, just what I needed in a vegan comfort food. We all need different nutrition at times, so I really appreciated the cooked option.

I also let the waitstaff recommend a juice to boost my immune system with a little spice to help clear my head cold. The tomato-spicy one was delicious and pure, just enough cayenne heat. The flavors were really well balanced.

While the ambiance is not exactly warm and fuzzy -- it has more of a supplements store or grocery feeling -- the people are wonderful, the food is pure, and I was filled with gratitude that we have such great options for vegan and vegetarian / pure food in Las Vegas.

I think a lot of heart goes into this business! The pricing seems reasonable when you think about the volume of fresh / pure ingredients they have to source, and how food prices have been going up. Of course being mostly raw, the food is different and the textures and temperatures may not be what people expect if they are coming from the standard american diet, but I recommend giving it a try, perhaps in stages.

P.S. the kale chips in the take-home packaging are completely wonderful and delicious! Get some on your way out!
LOVE love love finding new live raw food restaurants!!
I looked at the menu and was super excited to try the smoothies.  I ordered the Coconut Durian Shake but unfortunately, they didn't have any durian on hand.  I then changed my order to the Acai Rio Bowl and for $8.88, I expected more acai berries in it.  Nope, I mainly tasted banana and quite honestly, not worth the price.  Love the idea of Go Raw Cafe, Hate the price.  

Hmm...haven't decided on whether or not I will return.  Maybe where there's a half off special...
The drawback is obviously how over-priced some portions are (& you feel like you're not really getting anything for what you're buying, but usually raw foods are like that when you buy them from a restaurant). This location is the closest to where I live, so I have been here three separate times & have to admit their food is actually very filling. A lot of their menu items are very easy to duplicate at home as well if you're on a budget, but I would say come here to try out what they got & be adventurous!

I have ordered the veggie wrap all three times, & the full order is definitely more than filling. While I wish they could provide just a *little* more house slaw to go on the side, at the same time, raw organic places usually practice their philosophy of small, fresh portions. Great selection of reading material at this location, I've found a couple useful books I've been reading since I discovered them here. I also prefer this location than the one on the west side of town because it's a lot more spacious & open (you'll know what I mean if you ever visit the two places).

This is a great place to start experimenting raw & organic foods if you're curious to know what kind of dishes & meals you can do with raw eating.
Delicious!  Tasty!  Off the strip!  All good things.  This will become a regular stop on my Vegas vacations.

Hey, how come there isn't a National Lampoon's Vegas Vacation?

Oops, almost forgot, it's PRICEY with a CAPITAL PRICEY.
I debated whether or not to write this review since it was my first raw food experience. I eat a variety of foods, and eat vegetarian meals about 4 days a week. So yes I still eat meat and, I'm healthy.  To tell me my body is a grave for the animals I eat is rude. I don't think he meant it that way and was polite but, it is still not what I want to hear the first time in your establishment. 

Prices- Vegetables are expensive so 8-10 for a plate is still high by my standards for some lettuce and sprouts and a wrap.

Presentation of food- Presentation of food was nice and well done.

Taste- I did not care for the food at all

Atmosphere- Clean nothing exceptional a few books and grocery items along the wall.

I won't be returning.
I ordered the carrot avocado soup and the "neat"loaf plate. Interesting flavors and textures. The lady working, Minnie, was very friendly and helpful. The juice we ordered wasn't very good--it was a green one with apples, ginger, and lemon. I couldn't taste the apples and it predominantly tasted of celery. 

I took home a young coconut from the fridge and it was so yummy! Best part of the meal.
i loved the mexican pizza.. though thought the prize was a bit on the high side..  food also took some time to make and deliver.. customer service was very friendly and place was clean.

i would have given four stars if not for the price and timing.. but still very tasty!
house salad and durian shake!
This place is not new, but it's the real deal.  Staff walks the walk, not just talking about healthy and organic....like some other places.  Their juice drinks are 100% SO GOOD.  It's a little more $$$ than a lot of other lunch places, but you definately get what you pay for.  They have cooking classes you can sign-up for ( I always mean to, but never do).  The pizza is not like any pizza ever...really creative with the menu too.  I love the way it smells in there too!
I love this place :-) The food is fresh, and interesting, service is fast, and I feel good after eating it. I don't eat here much since it is a little pricey for me, but worth it though. Try the burger and avocado "fries"!
Have you ever eaten something and stopped to think, "This seems really healthy... too healthy..."?

I advise only eating here if you are a hardcore vegetarian, who loves all the greens and super whole-grain stuff... you know, the stuff without taste to the non-vegetarians out there. I ordered a beet "cheese burger", and what I found was a whole lot of veggies between really hard pieces of "bread". The "fries" were not fries -- they were some type of paste. The "pizza" looked exactly like my "burger" but just missing the top slice of "bread". 

I guess it was good that I ate healthy, but I wouldn't go back again because the meal just didn't taste satisfying to a non-vegetarian. They should at least make it a bit more tasty, so that I am not too aware that I am eating a bunch of vegetables
I'll start by saying I'm neither Vegan or Vegetarian but was meeting a pescatarian friend for lunch and we were looking for a culinary adventure.

We split a house salad with the house dressing and the Mexi-Sampler plate.  My friend also had some sort of smoothie that I think had beets in it.  I ordered water - I really wanted a Diet Coke but was afraid to ask for it, lol, so I settled for water.

The salad was possibly the best salad I have ever had!  It consisted of mixed greens, tomatoes, onions, avocadoes, sprouts (I usually hate sprouts), and walnuts.  I'm not sure what was in the dressing but it was delish.

The mexi-plate was also very good.  I think my friend said a couple things were a little spicy but she's a "Gringa" so take that with a grain of salt.  She also really enjoyed her smoothie/juice thing.

I left feeling full but not lethargic - I will attribute that to eating raw and wish I had the discipline to eat that way.  However, my family would revolt at the thought!

It's a little pricey but I'm willing to pay more for good, wholesome, healthy food.

Restaurant was clean and had an assortment of books and products for sale.  Good music on the radio too.

My only complaint was that the service was kind of slow/indifferent.  The girl at the counter seemed more interested in texting than in her job.
The food was delicious, a nice combination of flavors and textures.  I had the manicotti and my husband had the "salmon."  We were both very pleased  Go into the ladies room, very nice paintings wall paintings.
The Go Raw house salad was delicious. Also had two veg juices, the #12 and the green zing. This was split amongst two of us. Both juices tasted great. I expected the large size to be larger but it wasn't too small. Glad to see a place like this doing well, offering a great selection, and tasting yum.
Im trying this new place too see if it compares to daily kitchen or greens & proteins. Well I have to say for a true vegan its paradise. But for a person who just want to eat a bit healthy its just too much.
Awesome. Their food has SO MUCH FLAVOR
I am not a vegan but i love this place. I love how the menu is fresh and healthy. I must say you must have ACQUIRED taste to enjoy this type of food,. I ordered a platter to sample a couple of items.. i wasnt use to the food but i would highly recommend this place to vegans and vegetarians. I also had their detox shake it is awesome! love it! would i go back here? YES OF COURSE! would go back for their fresh juice and their meals.. You might wanna try their organic bar they offer daily. I must warn you about pricing it is a bit pricey.. for a shake and my entree i ended up spending around $30+ i guess its the price you pay for being healthy but well worth it!
Finally tried this place and I found it very tasty. I've been experimenting with eating more raw foods so, this place has been on my radar even more. I'm not sure that any person would love this cafe but if you're a vegetarian, or interested in having a healthy meal to accent your regular SAD (standard american diet), I think you would like this place.

I arrived early and noticed they only had very small (for my liking-15 ounces) bottled waters, I walked over to Smiths to buy a large water for a fraction of what they were selling theirs (didnt even check their prices). I had my own water canteen/bottle, so just filled that up and walked back to meet my friends for lunch.

We chatted at a table and perused the menu. I order the vegi-cotti. I chose this because it came with a side of their pasta primavera so, I could try two dishes at once. Both were yummy. I ate one vegi-cotti and half the portion of pasta primavera and took the other vegi-cotti and remaining past home. It was a very generous portion but it should be given the price of $13.88.

The PP was strips of zucchini, the shape of thicker linguine. The sauce was a very tasty tomatoey sauce. The vegi-cotti was their in house Italian veggie mixture (including basil and parsley) cut very small so it was easy to eat, as it was stuffed in one of their sprouted flat breads (kinda looks like a thick darker tortilla). My recommendation, eat the entire portion at the restaurant. The leftovers, while still tasty, the sprouted bread had a crunchier or firmer consistency when newly prepared. The left overs were a bit soggier but, still tasty.

My friends (have been to Go Raw before-this one and the Sahara location) shared the Mediterranean Pizza and the Enchiladas. They said both were very good.

Food is good and fresh. Prices are high. And, I think for these prices they should have some cold tap water in pitchers with lemons or cucumber.
First, I should say that coming here made me feel like I was in a spa at a health resort without any pretentiousness whatsoever.  There is such a vibe of healthy living that is exuded here, right down to the jicama "fries".  I came on the day I was leaving and we had eaten too recently to order a meal, but I had the Gimme Greens smoothie with soy milk and kale, parsley, celery, cucumber, spinach, and collard greens.  It was one of the best smoothies I have ever had.  The owner is very nice and we chatted while I was in line. 

I will definitely be back next time I am in vegas and likely eat many meals here.
Came here a few times for lunch and enjoyed every meal that I ordered.  I love the fact that I can have a meal, in Vegas nonetheless, that I can order something to eat and not worry about feeling gross after I eat it.  Everything tastes fresh and postprandial somnolence is nowhere to be found after grubbin' on some their tasty foods.  I've only had the pizza and a shake and I have yet to try the organic food bar for lunch.  My only criticism is the price as it is expensive BUT you get what you pay for so I'd rather spend my money here than upping my LDL and Triglycerides at another Vegas fast food joint fo sho.
I've been hitting this place up once a week after yoga. I have to say, the first time I went in here some old guy who I assume is either the owner or a manager of some sort was totally rude and condescending towards me like vegans and raw foodists tend to be when they make the huge ASSumption that someone doesn't "understand" their food choices and lifestyle. Not true, mister! I contemplated never going back but ... the food was delicious, it's hard to find places like this in Vegas and I wanted to be the more evolved person. I win.

So, I love the wraps. All of them. The salad bar seems popular though I have never tried it. They also sell a lot of sprouted grain and nut chips, pizza crusts, cookies, etc. So go eat some raw food even if you're not vegan and try to avoid the smarmy, judgey dude.
This place has the biggest selection of raw vegan food. Their juices are wonderful as well, all very well juiced. The atmosphere couldn't be better!
Everything on the menu gets five stars in my opinion. 
Neat loaf & "fries" superb (trying to find a fancy word for amazing)
Liver mover super juice!

Great service on top of it and you get five stars from me!
This is not the best raw food establishment I have ever been to, but I feel so blessed to have found this hidden gem just outside of sin city. The menu, staff, and ambiance has that healthy, positive, and granola vibe I crave sometimes. Although I am a huge proponent of bacon, sometimes I feel like treating my body well.
They have an excellent selection of raw juices, smoothies, and healthy shots. They also have a great salad bar where you can make a healthy salad or steamed veggie platter. They also have a fun menu that includes wraps, enchiladas, and raw pizzas, plus incredible soups.
I had the combo dips, a juice blend, I had an E3 shot (only for the masochistic), and their carrot and avocado soup. Everything was good and the staff was really nice. Looking forward to going back asap.
After passing Go Raw Cafe for a few months while going to visit my friend (he lives very close by), we both decided to go check it out before seeing a film. I'm a vegetarian and my friend is health conscious, so we were both very excited.

The decor is laid back and comfortable. There are many tables as well as bookshelves with health, vegetarian and New Age books for sale. I didn't feel awkward wearing my Rob Zombie Dawn of the Con shirt and jeans, which may not have flown in a more posh location.

I ordered the "sushi" and my friend had some flax crackers and dip. Both were delicious and very fresh! It took a while to get the food, but considering that they make everything fresh that was to be expected.

I also had one of their desserts, a vegan brownie that I picked out from the refrigerator near the register. It was a bit dry, but very good overall!

Next time I go I will definitely try one of their many smoothies.
The best tasting healthy organic food we ever had. The staff was friendly and helpful.
It was great to find healthy satisfying food for the few days we were in Vegas. I wish they had a store by us.
Last Tuesday was my first visit to this location (I usually frequent their Summerlin location) since it's not too far from my work. The setup is different and smaller, but I like that they have a salad bar here. There were also samples of their products that you can purchase to take home; I tried the chipotle kale chips and it was very yummy! Pretty pricey though, so that may be one thing that I'll have to make at home hehe. It was really slow that morning, which was perfect since the food is made to order and I was in a hurry. I ordered one of my favorites, the lasagna (layered with zucchini, carrots, spinach, marinara, and nut cheese). It was soo good!! Absolutely LOVE IT. A friend (not a Vegan!) tried some of the lasagna and he was sold! It's so wonderful to be able to access really fantastic live, raw, organic, Vegan eats in the valley!
Go Raw House Salad is worth driving from SoCal for... and I don't even like salad!
I haven't been to Las Vegas in forever!! See my post on Friday 2/15/13 at Midas getting ready for this trip.  

ANYWAY, I thought about bringing out juicer since we juice twice daily.  I didn't bring it to Vegas cause I didn't want to look like some Hippy Vegan. That was a mistake.  My body was screaming for nutrition and my mind was looking for my juice crutch.  I started to panic, I was thinking "Okay I can just get a jamba or something" but then I went to my trusty Yelp account and started searching and found this wonderful place.

I immediately took my hungover ass to Valet and got my car and hit the road.  It was only 20mins from the Tropicana - which was awesome and clean!

I arrived to find EXACTLY what I was looking for.  Clean, fresh juice.  Not a sugary sweet fruit juice.

The prices are right. The juice was life saving and the food bar is divine. This place made me want to be the hippy vegan I was so afraid to be.

Thanks for taking care of me and wife in Las Vegas!
Great green drinks and superfood smoothies. My favorite item is their tiramisu - "Coffee Cream" raw desert. 

The gourmet flavour aspect on some of the items doesn't measure up to many of the restaurants I eaten at in LA, SF, NY or Chicago, but still, it's not half bad. Almost everything is raw and vegan, so you really can't go wrong here.

Go Raw has 2 locations. This east-side one is in a mini mall next top a Massage School! Dine and unwind!
I had Go Raw on my to do list for  years but never got around to it until recently. 

Let me start with the good the female  working the counter was very friendly and welcoming after I told her it was my first visit. She suggested juice ( Green Zing- granny smith apples, lemon, ginger) based off my bitter/tart palate I described to her. 

I ordered the green zing and the gimme the beet 'cheese" burger with a house salad. 

The juice was made rather quickly.  I was really looking forward to it. Tasted like motor oil and was "luke cold" pretty disappointing start to my first experience but no biggie. 

The beet burger came out and I really enjoy veggie burgers especially house made.  The "living bread"  it came on had the thickness and consistency of beef jerky but tasted like tree bark. The beet burger itself was only slight less disgusting.  I  came into raw very hungry so for me to say it was terrible is mostly shocking to myself. 

The house salad was the best part as it was mixed greens kale and a flax seed oil garlic dressing that was just OK and that's rounding up a bit. The salad was by far the best part of  and otherwise awful meal.  I ate the entire  meals as I was hungry. After eating I was literately turned off by the thought of more food even if I went  next door to get a slice of pizza. 

They do not refrigerate or cool  or heat items to keep with the "raw" theme. That didn't seem like a big deal to me but only added to the awful tasting tree bark flavored meal I just ate. I like the concept of "raw" and natural yet they put to go items in plastic bags, plastic cups that are not made of corn or anything sustainable or green.  They have bottled juices and vitamins in a refrigerator as you walk in but then everything tastes "luke cold" as if nothing is refrigerated that you order.

I wouldn't wish Go Raw on my worst enemy. If anyone wants a free  get juiced card with a stamp on it, it's all yours.   Skip it  and thank  me for saving your taste buds later.
Review is just for the juices.
Came here for my daily dose of green juice and this place didn't disappoint.
Freshly made just pick on the menu combo they have on the wall.
Try their wheatgrass shots for $3!! or you can have the blood transfusion (with a side of fresh coconut water)
Try this place for your juice cravings.
Food is definitely different, but it taste good. I can recommend the "burger and fries". It was nothing like I had before. The "bread" is some type of firmer thin crust. The "meat" is this beet they blended up to shreds. The burger had a ton of other yummy stuff in there too. The fries were an interesting turn. It was guacamole shaped in a string and covered in this red powder. The "ketchup" was really good, but I could not tell you what it was made from. Overall the presentation was really nice and artful. 

They have a lot of other health groceries too, like books and supplements. Service was really nice and when I came there was live music, well a guy playing a flute. Wish I had cash on me to tip him. Next time I guess. Oh and they have some nice looking desserts.
My first time here ,Had the veggie wrap but didn't realized it really wrap with veggie,haha....I actually enjoyed it!! Had their green zing juice, it was kinda expensive for the size!!! It says large only ,  but its like a medium size cup!!!! I will go back to try other stuff on the menu though!!!
I went with a friend and ordered the raw burger, which was ok. The house salad that came with the burger was AMAZING though. Best salad I have ever had. The food wasn't the problem, it was the older gentleman that works there. He came to the table to ask us how the food was, we told him it was fine. But then he tried to convince me to spray some kind of salt spray on my food to try it out.(There are bottles of this spray on all the tables) I'm not a big salt person so I said "No, thank you, it's just great the way it is." He pushed even more for me to try it. I just wanted to enjoy my food and have my conversation with my friend. After I told him very nicely that I wasn't interested in trying it, he mumbled a bunch of stuff. The only thing I made out clearly was "I guess you're going to eat your food the way YOU WANT to, that's fine." Which I found incredibly rude. There was a lady about 1 feet away waiting for a juice she ordered who saw and heard the whole thing. She gave me a "what was that about" kind of look. 

Not the best experience. I won't be returning. Which is a shame, because that sure was one delicious salad.
Disclaimer: This was my first raw food restaurant. I don't typically avoid meat.

Price: At $15 per person for lunch, it was overpriced. (3/5)

Taste: I didn't expect much here and this met my expectations. It was pretty bland. (2/5)

Service: The service was ok until the lady behind the counter laughed at someone in another group for ordering a diet soda ("lol no, we don't have soda here"). Laughing at someone who doesn't hold the same food superstitions you do and doesn't know better is bad form. (0/5)

Atmosphere: The condition of the restaurant was a bit weathered. It was no worse than a typical organic grocery store (3/5)

Overall: Overpriced, condescending, and bland - I can't recommend it.
A great mom and pop place to eat healthy & to grab a juice! Green Zing is my go to The have a pretty good selection of organic extras to incorporate into your life as well.
Went twice these past two weeks. Got the "calcyum" juice, with kale, parsley, carrot, and apple. It was pretty good and a healthy alternative to the fast food options nearby. Also, they are really fast compared to other juice bars I've visited. My only gripe is with the service. Never really that friendly or engaging. On my last visit they wouldn't let me pay with debit, I guess the machine was busted. So, I paid with cash, received no receipt, and realised after getting in my car and heading to work that they had charged me $11 for one juice, twice the actual price. Kicking myself for not speaking up when I thought it sounded high. I will probably still pop in for a juice once in a while, because at the end of the day you go for the product. It's just a shame they don't put any focus into quality customer service.
I am a big fan of Go Raw Cafe, BUT this particular location on Windmill I do not enjoy going to and that is because of the service. I do not like to mention names but this lady never makes me feel welcomed there.  I always feel I am bothering her by asking her a question about something or even if I do not ask a question and I am just ordering. The last two times I have been there it has been pretty bad and I swore to myself I will not go back for a few weeks. I like to eat at a place where the staff is happy I am there.  
What I do love about this location is the salad bar.  They always have amazing stir fried veggies and brown rice.  I get a scoop every time!  
Its pretty pricey here so expect to pay over $10 for anything you order.
I will start off by mentioning that I am practically a carnivore - I don't tend to eat a lot of vegetables and it is hard to imagine a meal without meat. However, I love the idea of trying to eat healthier foods and wanted to check this place out. I was blown away by how good it was!!

I ordered the veggie wrap, which had avocado, sprouts, cucumber, tomatoes, carrots, and a nut paste in a kale wrap. I have no idea what was in the nut paste (it seemed like it was mixed with a dressing), but it was delicious. Tip: order the half rather than the full! The full came with four huge wraps, and after a juice and the guacamole appetizer, even finishing two of them was a stretch. However, I took the rest home to my husband, who is even more of a meat-eater, and he couldn't believe how good it was either. The only downside is that it seems a bit expensive for vegetables - our meal was $53 for two people. But it was delicious enough to be worth it.

I wouldn't go back to this location, as it is all the way on the other side of town. But I would definitely give their Summerlin location a try!
Great selection of raw, organic vegan cuisine. I eat here at least 3 times a week. The " burger" is my favorite. Veggie-cotti, mexi-wrap, and all the pizzas are tasty as well.
I'm here a lot. Why? They have fresh vegetable and fruit juices for a reasonable price. 

While I focus on juices, they also have smoothies and prepared dishes. This is a raw food focused establishment (hence the title). They offer steamed vegetables in the hot bar along with soups and brown rice, but I believe those are the only selections that are cooked at Go Raw Cafe.  Don't discount them if you are a carnivore. This is simply a place to come and get healthy, whole foods. No matter what food plan you are following, we can all agree that getting more raw vegetables in our diet is a good thing. Come and try out the salad bar and grab a raw food cookbook. On Saturdays and some Sundays there is a jazz flutist. You read the right, a jazz flutists. His beautiful music just adds to the ambiance of the place.

Interested in finding a place to practice yoga, learn how to do a proper kettlebell swing, meditate at dawn? Check out the community board and you will find at least two notices that appeal to your particular healthy interests. 

I've read a few reviews where people were put off by poor customer service. I won't defend that and I have to admit I have witnessed it on one occasion. But the 100 other times I have been there, I have seen kind and helpful employees assisting patrons. The owner is always busy but totally interested in helping any customer who asks find a book, or understand the benefits of a plant-based diet. He is passionate about the raw food message and it shows in the energy he invests in this business.

I appreciate the food offerings and the message of this place.
Ask for Mini she rocks!!!
It was our first time at a raw vegan joint.
We have totally gone off the meat since we watched "forks over knives" a movie that blows your meaty mind!
Go Raw is a fresh choice and a store/library all rolled into one. Get the mexi sampler or the purple burrito.
It's awesomelicious!!! Live to Eat people!!!
Salads are great and half size is huge.
Soooooo good! This place has tons of delicious raw organic choices. 
Thank you yelpers for helping me find this place. so thankful!
Try the sampler platters, make your own salad, order the raw lasagna, have fun, Enjoy.
Thanks Rod.
Thank heavens for this place!  Trying to get into a healthier lifestyle and go raw has been a life saver to that end.  They make veggies delicious and it's never been my thing, so that's a mouthful coming from me!  Great staff there too, wish u all the best, see u soon!
You have got to love this place. It's the only cafe thats truly raw and organic on the eastside. They also have another location on the westside by the lakes. I buy all my supplements here and super foods such as the most amazing goji berries and other Go Raw products. 

The green zing is my favorite juice and I usually ask that they take out the apples for my personal preference. 

If you love smoothies get the superfood smoothie in a bowl with granola. To die for. I would get it every time I went.  They soak their nuts (for optimal digestion) so it's truly made with care. Such a treat. Oh and if your really looking to indulge I recommend the cookies and cream which is coconut and cacao blended. Yumm. 

In regards to the raw wraps my favorite is the portobello mushroom wrap. Spot on. 

If your looking to elevate your health and gain energy, Go Raw is the way to go and you can learn so much from this place. They also have a huge book collection including recipe books, books focused on certain ailments and other cool topics. I probably bought most of the books from there. 

Good luck on your health journey and I hope you love this place as much as I do !!!
I went in and grabbed a bunch of their raw snacks and two raw desserts. I also ordered a juice. Super expensive, from the juice being eight dollars to the snacks going from a six dollar cookie to a thirteen dollar small bag of crackers. 
Now, I love the concept of Vegan and raw, yet for the price, I would like to enjoy the food and not taste cardboard. The desserts were horrible and the other snacks were extremely bland. The juice was WAY too thick. 
Basically, a rip off. No one should have to pay this much to eat tasteless food for health.
This place is my favorite for a healthy option in Vegas. Try the kale salad or the Italian plate.
I like to come here when I feel like I have to detox.  Expect nothing but fresh, unprocessed food here.  It really is "go raw".  I don't often come here, but when I do, I get a juice and something off the food menu.  I tried the "burger" today and I have to say, it wasn't so bad.  I felt good eating it, not guilty.  The saying eat to live is very true here.  I can't recall what juice I had, but I know it was under the super juice menu.  Liver detox or something like that.  Any how, give it a try.  But just expect to spend a lot, it's pricey.
If there was a chain of this place so many people would be vegan :) On our short trip to Vegas we came here twice. Got the Italian sampler and the Mexican sampler. Everything was scrumptious!  Even my taco bell loving husband couldn't deny how fresh and flavorful everything was. We got to try 4 or 5 things in Each of the sampler platters. The desserts were bomb too! Before we got back on the plane we took food and a bunch of the crackers, tortillas and chips with us. I don't like the gluttony of buffets on the strip but I'll look forward to coming back here next time I'm in town! Or better yet, make this chain PLEASE!
A little pricey but I enjoy the selection of healthy foods and supplements. I even got tea from here when my wife wasn't feeling well that helped a bit. Salad bar is nice, always we'll kept with fresh food, eating area is always clean, nice laid back atmosphere. I have already become a regular.
Man, if you juice, this is the place for you!

I made a special stop on our way to Pasadena to get my Beet, Ginger, Apple juice.  I went 4 days without one since leaving Cincy.

I have been here several times, and each time was great.  They do have a frequent juice card you can get stamped, but I only come maybe, if I am lucky once a year.

If you are the raw, vegan, juicing type, stop in and pay them a visit.  You won't be disappointed, that's for sure!  If I ever more to Vegas, I will become a regular, you can BET on that! lol
Go raw cafe is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!  I love both locations too- eastern had a salad bar that is amazing!  And the lakes has gorgeous scenery!  Both locations have the most personable staff and they are so knowledgable and helpful!   Get the hummus it's hands down my favorite of all time.  The kale and Mediterranean salads are great and the wraps are my favorite!! The mexi wrap is heaven in your mouth!  

I love go raw cafe!
I am a vegetarian and eat a lot of vegan food.  I've never been a "fan" of the raw food movement, because it's never been tasty (or overly appealing).  Go Raw Cafe will change your mind.  My husband (the pickiest of eaters and I can safely say a vegetarian junk foodie) and I both LOVED the food here, we were just shocked that it was all raw.

Try the Mexican sampler plate or the International Sampler plate to get an idea of what you like.  Of course, you could go to the salad bar, but it's just salad.  Let them cook.. erm, prepare for you!  The chili was also just amazing, full of beans and almost a curry finish.

The gentleman working the cash register was incredibly nice and helpful.  There are a bunch of cookbooks to check out while waiting (I ended up buying two, I'm a believer!) and of course, some pretty tasty desserts.
Excellent vegan food very creative!  It is a little expensive but well worth it! I'm vegetarian and once was vegan. Planning to try vegan once again and this is the best place to go out to eat for that-No worries of any meat or dairy products and anything.
This place wasn't for me. Had the mexiwrap, zucchini pasta and Acai bowl. The Mexican wrap was my favorite amongst the other dishes, however when I got home I started feeling sick and ended up throwing up. Not coming back.
Stumbled in here and had to try it.. The food was amazing things I didn't expect.. The guy was very helpful in helping find something I would like. Best part to me is the variety of books u can read and even purchase while u wait for your food and eat
I've been looking for a place to get an acai bowl in Vegas for a long time. Finally came to try Go Raw Cafe and had the worst visit. The cashier was rude, and when I asked for honey on top of the acai bowl instead of bananas she didn't tell me anything about a $3 add on charge for the honey. My total came out to over $11.00 for an acai bowl.. so I thought that this was going to be an extravagant, large, amazing one. It came out in a plastic cup smaller than 16 ounces. I could not believe the $11 thing that was in front of me. After taking my first bite out of it, I hated it. The granola was disgusting, hard, and had plenty of random unwanted nuts/raisins in it. Do you know how to top an acai bowl? 

Awful, awful, acai bowl. Awful staff. Awful experience. Overpriced.
Delicious options with a full juice bar, smoothie bar, and salad bar. They also offer a menu of options. All organic, and vegan. Thy offer a bookcase of informative reads as well as all essential oils and vitamins. We need more places like this everywhere! Man at the register with a grey pony tail was amazing and sweet. Great customer service.
I go here every once in a while on a Sunday when I work an extra day in Henderson.. usually just picking up a Kookies and Kream, or a Veggie Wrap to go. Those are my go-to items other than the Body Cleanser Juice (so yum!). The food is always fresh and smells/ looks wonderful. But I felt I should write this review after my visit yesterday. I ordered the House Salad. Yea, you can get a salad anywhere... but this salad was AMAZING. And the woman behind the counter promised me "The Best Dressing Ever" - well, she didn't lie. The dressing was fabulous too! 

My only 'eh' about this place is re: a man that works there who WAS nice at first but then got a little crabby with me and said something like "you better not be lying to me" when I mentioned that I never knew about the juice card and that I didn't get a punch on the card/ a card at all the last couple times I had gone in. HE gave me an extra stamp on the card willingly. I didn't ask him to. I wasn't at all rude when I mentioned that I never knew about the card previously. So it was a little off putting that he made that comment... over a juice card stamp of all things.
The food was good but not good by LA or New York raw-vegan-food standards. 

Pretty quick service. Good place to go for lunch or a snack.

Great selection of raw & vegan supplements, snacks, and books.

Really enjoyed my coconut-durian smoothie, although I'm aware most people can't stand durian =)

My rotti-something dish (can't recall the exact name) was good but not great. I would definitely like to try the other dishes.
Deliciousness, nutritiousness, and and abundance of yummy goodness. My favorite item on the menu is the spicy veggie juice. Every time I get it I instantly feel better. I also really love the super smoothies with either the fruit or granola. Everything at Go Raw is delightful and fresh and organic. Try it. You will feel so much healthier!! Well, what are you waiting for??? GO!!!
This place is a godsend. It's a nice break from The Strip and the chaos. 
Treat your body right with some good food!

The Green Zing was very popular, but I opted for the Sweet Greens (I believe that is what it was called). Juice was refreshing and definitely hit the spot. 

I decided to get the mexi-wrap as I heard so many good things about it. The pictures don't really do it justice and I was surprised at the size of the portion. The half portion was big and satisfying, especially eating it with my juice!

They have a salad bar that cost $8.88 lb. and offer other goodies. 

...Vegas, in the land of the 'all you can eat buffets', this place was refreshing and proves that quality is better than quantity.
This place is ok.  Like another reviewer said not great by L.A. standards.  The service is also below par
disclaimer to start: I have been to quite a few raw/live restaurants. (wooohoo!) And DEF a ton of vegan ones. As that is my lifestyle. Not to mention the fact that as a part of my business, people pay me to create healthy recipes. Not only for people personally, but cookbooks, blogs, etc...including raw.   I have  even taught people how they can prepare delicious raw & vegan food at home in a class format.

On that note:
We were excited to check this place out and taste another fun take on raw amazingness.  And sadly, from the moment the cashier opened her mouth the tone was set, it seemed. She was flippant & rude... especially when we asked to get almond "cheese" on 1 side of the "pizza".  The man and I both wanted to try and I am not a fan of nut cheeses. (or fake cheeses in general... or fake meat. For me... it freaks me out that something is not being what it truly is. I could prob say that's how I feel about fake people too! haha!)  That brings me perfectly into my biggest point...

Technically "raw" is anything under 119 degrees... SO, you could potentially  have warmed items that still maintain the delicious nutrients that all raw food offers. AND--- our fav places in LA do this.  For example... the biscuits and gravy do not come out ice cold. Same as their pizza. 

The pizza was ice cold. And apparently every thing they serve is that temp. Or room temp. That really turned me off. I really don't know any time I would say... ohhh, I am totally craving a cold enchilada. I spoke with what seemed to be the owner to ask a few questions and of course... he was offended and will prob reply to this post. But alas... I am hoping it causes him to re-evaluate the temp? the service? As I know it is probably super easy to not have any worry regarding temperature.  The Buckwheat bread it came on was great! BUT--- we could've driven to whole foods and bought the same bread ourselves and assembled our cold dish at home. (especially with the price point so high)

The menu also said it came with "walnut sausage". Throwing small pieces of walnut on a cold piece of bread does not a sausage make. Another one of our fav places at home has an incredible walnut sausage... that is a delectable mix and packed with flavor... not just the walnut.

Which brings me to ANOTHER item on the menu they call "fries".... we were like... cool! Let's see the fun spin on "fries" done raw. Come to find out these are merely avocado slices. Just. Avocado. I LOVE avocado. If you say it's avocado. But don't tell me it's fries.

SO---  in a nutshell---
the flavors were actually quite good. 
BUT--- I could buy at the store and assemble at home. (was hoping they built more ingredients in house, especially with the price) 
Don't tell me things are NOT what they actually are. "walnut sausage pizza" is not cold store-bought bread with nuts on top. Fries are NOT avocado. And please make a disclaimer somewhere.... ANY where on the menu that says all of our food is served cold or at room temperature. (I know its a RAW place... but I know RAW... and it doesn't have to always be cold or room temp.)  then, we would know what to expect and probably really truly enjoy our experience. 

Also--- a little kindness and maybe a crack of a smile goes a real long way.
2 words: HIDDEN GEM!!!!! As a vegetarian I find it hard to eat in las Vegas' restaurants except... Here!!! The service is fast and very nice and the food.... The Mediterranean salad is just amazing! 
Don't forget to grab a fresh juice! 
Definitely a place to remember!!!!
I went here excited to try one of the smoothies today. I decided I wanted to get a super smoothie, so I chose the tropical smoothie with the fruit stew on top. 

The lady rang me up for 2 smoothies instead of one, I had ordered some food as well so I didn't realize how off the price was until I asked for the receipt. When I asked the woman at the register to correct the order she started raising her voice and said that I had in fact order this extra smoothie. I told her this was my first time at the cafe and maybe I didn't understand the way to order but I am positive I never ordered the #28. She began to show me what she had wrote down and shows me the menu in a way to I guess try to "prove me wrong" instead of just correcting the order and giving me back the extra $ I had paid. 

At this point she was so extremely rude and would not get a manager for me, that I just wanted my whole order canceled. She told me I couldn't have my money back because they had already started making the food. Once I explained to her that I work with customers every day in my career and would never talk down to any of my clients like that, she finally gave me my money back.

I'm disappointed that I couldn't try the food and smoothie because I am positive I would have been back considering that I am in this area quite often. I will NOT be back ever.
Lunch: Weekday

As part of my yearly Lent (Latin: Quadragesima - English: Fortieth) I like to give up meat for the 40 days of fasting. Las Vegas does not have many places that cater to the flexitarian or no-meat eaters. So it was some what difficult to find a place.

The place I went to, was GO RAW CAFE. I was craving a beet juice due to all the  sun exposure from all the bike riding around Hoover Dam. I felt a tinging from perhaps the onset of a sun blister. Beet juice for sun blister is the way to go since beetroot has lots of the amino acid, lysine. 


The place is not the best, and not the worst. It had what I was looking for..raw juice. They were limited on the vegetables and fruits they carry. Guess I'm spoiled with the juice places found in Los Angeles (Pico-Union neighborhood), and Bedford Stuyvesant, Bushwick (Mr. Kiwis)  In addition, they sell books on juicing and other supplements.
The best! Salmon Sushi, traditional Pizza, so delicious and the presentation was outstanding. 1st time here and I definitely found my favorite vegan cafe in Henderson.
This place to me was alright. The food LOOK so amazing & tasty, but when it comes to tasting it was alright FOR ME. I'm not a vegan/vegetarian, maybe that's why it wasn't the best to me. Their curry crackers almost made me puke. They tasted like dog treats and looked like dog treats. I ordered a sampler that had different varieties of food. Some of them had herbs, and after eating it a while it made me feel weird. My body is probably not used to it. Who knows! The place is pricy, and the outlook is decent. I love how they have books. I'm a book person. AND OH! Their customer sucks. The lady is just rude. You could tell she hates her job.
I love Go Raw Cafe!  There aren't very many raw restaurants in Las Vegas and this one just so happens to be located around the corner from my office.  From green juice to smoothies and the creamy carrot & avocado soup...the food is perfecto!  I frequently order the "half"(due to the hearty portion) kale salad and the coffee & cream raw cake...it's better than the original tiramisu.  Go now!
The food will pleasantly surprise any food eater (not just for veggie-heads). The service was fast at lunch and dinner. The presentation is beautiful. The dishes are so amazingly delicious that I am truly grateful this place exists and I was able to visit! After eating I felt happy, healthy, energized and light. Best of all it had me satisfied and feeling wonderfully plant-strong. I strongly encourage you to give this place a try... you will not regret it!!
Between Starbucks and Subway sits something natural and organic to eat and drink. The owner Sasha couldn't be nicer and more friendly. She is very knowledgeable about fruits, veggies, and other health related topics. I asked for something wheat and dairy free and she whipped up a special veggie drink for me that had some bite (ginger), some sweet (carrots), and some healthy greens (Kale, cucumber, etc). I highly recommend 24Carrots. All the drinks I've had and even the vegan chili she made one day are great.
24 carrots is definitely the REAL deal when it comes to fresh and healthy. Strawberry fields forever is the greatest smoothie on the planet, Jamba juice and one stop nutrition cant come close to the wholesome goodness of a tasty real fruit smoothie. 5star taste 5 star customer service. Try It! Love it!
Sasha and 24 Carrots are fantastic! The best smoothies anywhere, and without all the junk and fillers you find elsewhere. "Mango Overboard" is simply the most delicious drink I've ever had.

Great breakfast and lunch options, both vegan and vegetarian. All incredibly good, and at prices that belie the quality of the ingredients and care in preparation.

It pains me to see folks walking past 24 Carrots to patronize the subway next door, especially since I know a percentage of these folks are doing so because they perceive it to be a "healthy" choice. STOP THE MADNESS! STOP AT 24 CARROTS!!!
If you are vegetarian, vegan or have food allergies and want a place that will work with you......THIS IS IT! Sasha is so nice and very knowledgable. Delicious smoothies and yummy food. They are even child friendly! We stop in whenever we can!
I highly reccomend this place. The food/drinks are so pure. You leave here feeling good about yourself and what you've put into your body. I have a gluten allergy and am vegan on top of it so finding places that I can eat at is a challenge and finding places that are friendly as well as accomidating is even harder...Sasha, the owner is genuinly interested in your diatary needs and will adjust accordingly and is happy to do it. From changing an ingredient to baking completely custom granola she has been wonderful in making me feel comfortable that my needs are met. ...and on top of that the food/drinks are delicious!!!!! I can't get enough of this place! Everything I've had has been amazing...but I highly reccomend the apple ginger juice and any of the soups. Wonderful place!
Ring Ring....

"Good Morning, 24 Carrots, This is Sasha... how can I help you?"

Me: "What is your soup today?"

Sasha: "Well, I haven't made it yet; what sounds good to you?"

WHAT! A business owner actually asking her customers what THEY want??? Incredible! What is even more incredible is that Sasha put up with my continuing barrage of questions, emailed me the most updated menu, and allowed me to order through email since 11 of us at the office wanted to give 24 Carrots a try.

Sasha did an amazing job of meeting our needs, and even labeled each of the to-go boxes and smoothies with our names! 

The greens and beans soup was OUT OF THIS WORLD, and I fell in LOVE with the "Triple Threat Acai" smoothie... so much so that I got it again the second day! I also got to try the black bean burger on a bed of greens and the masala burger. I really love that you get either baby carrots or corn chips with your sandwich!

Everything is from local farmers markets and cooked to order. You can taste the quality in the food. I also really love that everything is pretty much vegan, and any cheese is added on after the fact.

In addition to the black bean and masala burgers, the pita pizza's were also a really huge hit with my co-workers.

A+++ all around!!
Since my original review I have also had the Mediterannean Bean Salad (which is SO FREAKING GOOD), the mashed potato soup, and we tried some raw items on a Friday. The cookies were divine, the almond milk drink Sasha makes is incredibly creamy and delicious, and the peanut spring rolls are very fresh and flavorful. I was not the biggest fan of the "porcini scallops" but I don't like mushrooms... other members of the group enjoyed them! 

The actual restaurant is really cute and cozy, and I love the sayings written all over the walls.
I was on my way to Starbucks next door but this place caught my eye and decided to take a look - boy I'm glad I did.

- I recommend wholeheartedly the Pitta Pizzas and the Pomme Zinger Juice (freshly squeezed apple juice and ginger).

- It's got free wifi so I spent the afternoon working there and got to know Sasha (the owner) - she's lovely!

- Don't expect Subway-style fast service. The food and the juices are made from scratch and this takes time (give me good food over fast food any day though).

I'm now a regular and I plan on going through everything on the menu.
I'm not a vegan, nor do I ever eat healthy, but there is something very charming about 24 Carrots.

A lot of people think that eating healthy means sacrificing good flavor, but that is not the case with 24 Carrots. I'm a HUGE fan of the lemonade, and the variety of muffins that are available.

24C has free wi-fi which makes studying/working there palatable.

Highly recommended.
My husband and I love this place...the owner is very friendly, always chats with you and is always in a good mood.  The changing menu and specials are awesome. Great food and friendly people.  Nice place to hang out too if you just want to get on the wifi and surf with your smoothie.
I have been obsessed with this place ever since they donated some items to a charity bake sale several weeks ago. The owner and folks that work there are great people. The food is great! I have yet to have something I don't love. Their salads made as wraps with hummus are great and there is something for me as a vegan and for my omnivorous husband. Their tortilla soup and lentil/kale soup are delicoius and every time I go in it smells like their delicious granola. I can't recommend them highly enough!
In order to get a full scope of what Sasha has to offer, you need to pop in to 24 Carrots at least 3 or 4 times because there are so  many amazing things to try, you cannot get it all in a visit!

Here are some of the major highlights: 

1. Every day they make a homemade soup from scratch, and every single day it is amazing. The mashed potato, split pea, tomato basil, tortilla, and beans and greens are all DELICIOUS!

2. The hummus is like out of this world good. It has an airy, fluffy quality to it and they will give you extra veggies instead of pita if you can't eat gluten.

3. Sasha takes emailed orders,  updates her specials on the FaceBook page daily, and regularly interacts with her customers online. 

4. The Food: Mediterranean Bean Salad, Chipotle Tofu Scrambler Tacos, Summer Fruit Crumbler, GF Pasta Salad, Veggie Marsala Burgers w/ Jalapeno Cilantro Pesto ... I could go on, and on, and on....


I'm so stoked that she listens to her customers and is extending hours, adding new menu items (BLT!!!), and considering doing delivery! 

Whether you are vegetarian, vegan, laden with food allergies, or a regular Joe schmo.... there is something delicious waiting for you at 24C!
The service was well meaning but odd. I add for a knofe to cut my veggie burger in half and they took away my burger with a bite out of it to the kitchen to cut for me. It came back only cut thru the top bun and burger but not the bottom bun (?)

Ok but the burger was naasty, I like spicy and hot but this was so hot it was inedible and the texture of the black bean burger was not good either. like mush, not crisped on the outside but like a pile of mashed beans on a bun.
I would not return.
I had no idea! This was amazing cannot wait to get back and eat something else freshly made by someone who has my kind of philosophy on food  YES! It is well worth the wait for the "lunch of the week" (as i only get to eat out once per week) This time i had the eggless salad sandwhich with facon bacon, l&t, and siracha. Yuuuuuummmmmae!!!!
Yummy, healthy, locally-grown and organic food for a reasonable price and with a friendly owner who obviously cares about your eating experience.  This is the kind of business I feel an obligation to support; businesses like these are rare in AZ.  Check it out!  The Vegan Pita Pizza is delicious!
If you want to go somewhere that you will be welcomed like family, remembered as a friend and valued as a customer then 24 Carrots should be your next stop.

The Cafe is cozy and comfortable, I feel like I'm going over to a good friends house every time I stop by. 
You can sit and relax and share wonderful conversations, ideas and recipes with Sasha. If there is anything she can do for you she probably will, Sasha has the sweetest kindest spirit and it really reflects into her food. 

There couldn't be more love and passion put into her food if your grandmother made it. 

I've simply Loved everything I've ever ordered here. The menu has some solid choices but for me the magic lies in the daily specials. 
Everyday Sasha creates something new and exciting to tantalize your taste buds using fresh locally grown organic produce. 

You can follow 24 Carrots on twitter and facebook to hear what she's cooking up next.
I love any place that promotes healthy eating and this place is no exception. Their juices are delicious and the food is awesome for vegan style food. I have tried the kale rolls which are filled with some sweet almond paste and cabbage and carrots. Really excellent. I have also had the vegan tacos, but they were out of the usual "meat" so they substituted black bean burger and it was still great. Really great sauces they make here. The place is very homey and has a nice laid back feel and the owner, I think, is very nice and personable. The reason I cannot give it 5 stars is because the service was extremely slow. I do understand they were having problems the last time, but it was also slow the time before. It takes about 15 minutes to get a juice and it took about an hour for our food which came out in pieces. I unfortunately did not get my food until everyone was done eating theirs and my stepdad did not get his iced tea (no ice in it, by the way) until all of us were done eating. He was parched to say the least. I had to take mine to go and was pretty sad about it. I do completely understand the place was having problems, but taking an hour for an iced tea is kind of unacceptable and I think it is much appreciated if everyone gets their food at the same time so we can eat together. Please take my constructive criticism well and hear me out. I want to give this place 5 stars next time!
Thanks.
What a great local joint! 24 Carrots is exactly the sort of business Chandler residents need to support. My first long overdue visit was extremely satisfying. The owner Sahsa was extremely helpful and gave us a little insight into how 24 Carrots became what is it to day. You can tell she is really passionate about the food and drink she dishes out to her guests. 

My girlfriend and I went in for lunch this past Saturday and were able to get an extremely satisfying meal for a fair price. We tried the French toast (which was a special) that had kiwi, pomegranate seeds, cashew cream and real maple syrup on it. All 100% vegan and 100% percent. We also tried the eggs benedict which came with homemade vegan bacon, avocado, vegan egg (it even had a "yolk" and aioli. Definitely a stunner. 

Our Peachy Keen smoothie was also a healthy and delicious way to start off our meal. 

For the price, the portion size, the quality, the friendliness and atmosphere I give 24 Carrots a 5 out of 5 and look forward to coming here again be it for breakfast, lunch or just to grab a fresh juice.
Oh I wanted to love 24 carrots... unfortunately my first visit was little underwhelming.  It may be because I hyped it up so much that when the food was just mediocre I was shocked.  For lunch I ordered the tofu and mushroom burger with Vegan bacon, and a cup of miso soup. Almost $12 deep for lunch, I was expecting heaven in my mouth... more like a crumbly mess at my desk.  The burger had good flavor, but it was a little dry and would not hold its form. There was some sort of vegan mayonnaise spread on top, but it still needed some kind of sauce... bbq or ketchup, anything! It was such a mess that I decide to skip the bun and eat with a fork and knife.  The vegan bacon on top was very good, although it didn't remind me of  bacon flavor (though my frame of reference may be off since it's been almost 20 years since I've had real bacon!).   The soup definitely earned a solid 4 stars, it was very hearty and had a lot of veggies for a miso soup.  Inside the restaurant was a little scandalous, similar to a coffee shop I might frequent in college.  Given it's in a newer location I was expecting a cleaner, more modern interior.  I'm so torn on my rating, because I feel like I should love 24 carrots because the menu has my name written all over it!  I'll be back, I have to... I want to give if 4 or 5 stars!
I honestly felt healthier the moment I walked in the door, so after giving myself a little mental pat on the back, I scanned the menu :)

I was there for a quick to-go lunch & their menu was very detailed, the smoothie menu alone was long enough to publish as a short story, lol. All of it great information, so I plan on going back on a weekend. I went for a simple Strawberry fields smoothie. It was HEAVENLY. Thick, creamy & you could taste the agave honey :D

I also asked for Hummus. It was very good. You could taste the lemon & garlic :) It came with cucumber slices, baby carrots, pita bread & celery sticks. It was all packaged in a to go brown box. I was worried that on my drive the hummus would somehow leak from the box because it was scooped straight into the box, no liner. All of my worrying was for not! I'm not sure what that box was made of, but it was beyond sturdy :) No stains or leaks in my car OR on my desk at work :)

I hear they make their own Chai & I can't wait to go back for another visit!
My only complaint would have to be that there was only 1 person working & I had a bit of a wait. When I was on my way out another employee came in, so maybe it's because I was there at 11 am?
I've been to 24 Carrots twice now.  The first time was a slow Monday afternoon in mid-December.  The place is cute and very welcoming.  I like that you can sit at a table or at the couch.  They were out of carrot cake, so we bought a carrot muffin instead.  It tasted good but was a bit on the dry side.  We ordered two smoothies: strawberry fields forever and orange dreamsicle.  Straberry fields was yummy, but the orange dreamsicle tasted like a bland berry smoothie (where was the orange?).

Our last visit was this past weekend.  We ordered the hummus plate.  The hummus was good (though I wouldn't call it "SUPER addictive"), the pita was fresh, and veggies were crisp and tasty.  We tried to get a pumpkin pie smoothie, but they were out of pumpkin.  Then we ordered the chocolate pie and were told they were out of vegan yogurt.  We said that was fine, could they add some peanut butter?  Sure.  It came to us as a liquidy drink...not a smoothie.  It was like chocolate milk...we didn't order vegan chocolate milk.  We commented on how liquidy it was and were then told that, oh by the way, they were also out of vegan protein powder, which would have made it thicker.  We asked him to add a banana, to which he obliged.  He returned our drink, and it wasn't much thicker but did have a bit more taste.  Not something I would ever recommend.

If I go here again, I'll have to try an actual meal, because I haven't been impressed with their smoothies.  Tip to the owner:  offer one or two green smoothies (spinach) or spinach as an add-in in addition to the veggie green juices.
I love a great steak, medium rare but more rare than medium.  Eggs, can't live without.  I never thought I would like vegan food.

After eating here I have completely changed my mind.  The food is fresh and favorable.  The atmosphere is inviting.  The owner is pleasant, inviting and accommodating.

I had one of her cupcakes that had a raspberry on top, and a caprese sandwich.  Both were fantastic, and I just couldn't get enough.  

This is also just a simple business, started up by this woman, and I want to see it succeed.  With such quality food, it should be a hit.  :)
Best place in Chandler to get vegetarian or vegan food.  And now they also have Raw options!  The owner, Sasha is fabulous, and she is always creating something new.  The food is fabulous and everyone is so friendly.
I'm completely obligated to support vegan-friendly businesses so I went to 24 Carrots. 

It was definitely only a 3 star place. The high school kids working behind the counter were super enthusiastic but not very knowledgeable. I mean that I'm glad I do my vegan research.

$10 for a Vegan BLT. 
Vegan Bacon was tasty and house-made not the typical Fakin' Bacon standby. Thank god. 
Bread wasn't toasted, unfortunately, so I could taste how mediocre it was. Other than that, the sandwich was pretty dry and I ended up tossing half of it. 
The side carrots were haphazardly thrown in my to-go container but a welcome and cute addition.

I wish that I could have tried a smoothie but after the expensive sandwich, I couldn't justify it. 

I hate to say it, but I left 24 Carrots craving something more. I'll give it one more chance - I'll order a smoothie next time. It's impossible to not love a peanut butter/banana soy protein shake, right?
What a great place! Sasha and her staff are great people who were more than welcoming! We were in town on vacation checking out the area and they helped to make a great impression. They even occupied our son so we could eat! It was amazing. Chandler has really friendly, wonderful people and this place is a perfect example of that. I cant wait to go back!
I have a lot of health issues and a very limited diet.  Trying to stay alkaline, and keeping raw, I have found many delectable options.  My first visit, I tried the raw chile rellano, then the raw coconut curry spring rolls which were PHENOMENAL!  I also got to try a raw vanilla cupcake with coconut strawberry frosting. This is currently my favorite raw food venue.
Take 3?  In the middle of a craptastic day, I decided to order my lunch ahead, since I wasn't going to have time eat out. Hoping to get a 4 star  meal from 24 Carrots, I placed my order online, and as directed by the site, I arrived promptly 30 minutes later to pick it up.  I had a to wait a few minutes in line, but once it was my turn, I was disappointed to hear that my lunch wasn't ready.  I was told that there was a big party that came in before me and the kitchen got behind but my order would be ready in 5 minutes.  She offered me a bite size chocolate cupcake with peanut butter frosting, which was fantastic! At that point I thought things were starting to look up.  About 15 minutes later, I am told they had some confusion on my order and needed clarification.   Almost 55 minutes after I placed my order it was ready.  Unfortunately I had a meeting at 1PM, so their delay caused me to have to leave my sandwich to get soggy in Aioli.  When I finally got to eating my lunch, I was disappointed to see that they forgot the cucumber on the sandwich, and the avocado and pomegranate in my salad.  I don't mind spending almost $11 on a  1/2 sandwich and side salad, but don't forget to give me all the ingredients!  All in all, what I received tasted good, and would have probably tasted better if I was able to eat it fresh, not an hour after it was made.
The staff at 24 are really sweet and give great recommendation. I had the raw nori rolls they were a 4/5. Quite gArlicy but the lemonade with ginger wad so good. They r such a small restaurant, not fancy at all. Go for lunch thou not din.
I am going to update my review since the owner sent me a nice little message and explained the reason for the microwaves. I totally respect the amount of work she puts into her food everyday, and I really appreciated that she took the time to explain all of her cooking processes and limitations in her kitchen. I also appreciate how kind she was about it. I have seen posts from owners from other restaurants bashing customers for having an opinon. Its refreshing to see an owner who does the exact opposite. Knowing now that the microwaves are used only to boil water I feel better knowing that what I ate was not cooked in the microwave. I will definaly be back to try out all of your other breakfast dishes!     4/26/11

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I came in here really wanting to love this place. I am always looking for more vegan places to eat because my ultimate goal is to go completely vegan sometime in the near future. We came in at around 8:30 on Saturday morning. That is one thing I have to say about their Saturday hours. Everywhere except their Facebook page says they open at 11 on Saturdays, and even the sign outside of the store says they open at 11, but they actually open at 8 on Saturdays. We might have been the first people in there because of this. And nobody came in after us until about 9:15. Maybe people are confused about the hours? I don't know. But from the reviews on this place I expected it to be jumping. I know every time I go to Pomegranate Cafe this early its packed. So maybe update your website and sign out front? Just a suggestion. 

Anyways, so we walked in and ordered. I got the vegan eggs benedict, and my husband got the tofu scramble and one of the smoothies. So we sit down and wait for our food to come out. Now I don't want to be picky, but this is one of the things I notice when I walk into a place. Its small, yes. That doesn't bother me. It just didn't feel clean to me. Most of the tables had stuff all over them and weren't cleaned right. There was dust all over everything. And a giant dead mosquito watched me pretty much my entire breakfast from the window where he was caught in a spiders web. For a place this size, there really shouldn't be any reason why it was a dirty as it was. Maybe that doesn't bother some people, but I was put off by all of the dust. 

The other thing I noticed that really bugged me, is how many times I heard them open and close the microwave. Aren't restaurants supposed to use pots and pans? I don't think I heard the sound of a pot clanging one time. And I have stopped going to restaurants in the past because I found out they use microwaves. If I want to use a microwave, I'll go home and cook myself. I didn't come here to pay ten dollars for breakfast, for it to be made entirely in the microwave. Honestly, I would rather wait an hour for breakfast so it can be made on the stove, than to have it done in ten minutes out of a microwave. 

So after about 15 to 20 minutes our food comes out. It is a lot more than I thought it was going to be. I had two pieces of toast with four pieces of tofu bacon, then topped with two tofu "eggs" with avocado and garlic aoli. It was served with a salad and fresh fruit. The salad was a little odd for breakfast, but it tasted good. I liked the dressing and sunflower seeds. I really liked the eggs benedict. It had a good flavor and even for as much food as it was I ate everything on my plate. My husband also liked his scrambled tofu which came with toast and jam, fresh fruit and two pieces of tofu bacon. For ten dollars you really do get what you pay for. 

I really want to come back here because I did like the food, however I don't know that I will knowing how much they do use the microwave. Maybe some people don't care about that, but I do. Perhaps, I will just have to come back and try their raw options. But really, get rid of the microwave!
If you're looking for vegetarian restaurants in Phoenix that are also vegan-friendly, you're gonna love 24 Carrots Juice Bar & Cafe. Read my recommendation: http://directory.veganish.org/vegetarian-restaurants-in-phoenix-24-carrots/
Hello everyone!



Ok, here we go.

I have to admit that I am going to struggle with this review because I had such a great experience my first time and i wanted to enjoy again, but?

I have been thinking over the last couple of hours about how i could just not say anything and let it go but i cannot. After all i do say what is on my mind even if people do not like it.

All I wanted was what I had the last time, an tofu scramble sandwhich with blt and siracha. At the time of placing the order I was told the tofu scramble now comes with cranberries mixed in. Not so good.

(In a conversation with Sasha about this review I have been informed that the "egg salad" which is actually a different kind of tofu scramble is the one that comes with cranberries, not the tofu scramble which comes with sauteed veggies. Being vegan I regard "egg salad" as "tofu scramble" which is what was on my original sandwhich which I mentioned with very high regard in my first review. This sandwhich is available and is delicious. I have agreed to update my review because of this information and am sorry for any misunderstanding. I have changed my star rating from 1 to 2 stars, however the remainder of this review will remain unchanged)

So i move on and decided to split a burger w/ the wifster. All is ok. I will try something new, and save some calories too. Her decision 

Veggie Masala Burger 
Spice Infused Veggie Burger, Romaine, Tomato, Cucumber, Red Onion, Cheddar topped with a Jalapeno Cilantro Pesto, plus bacon,minus cheese, Veronica style,w/pineapple carrot slaw. $9.95 plus$1.50 for 2 slices of bacon.

Total bill w/tip $15.00

Last time the "homemade" bacon was unfricken believable. By far the best I had ever had. Thick, chewy, kinda crunchy, yum. 

So i beg and plead for them to show me how to do this, or at least give me some pointers and i got the resounding and very hob nobby "UH- no". And even this is ok, I understand that they wish to keep thier secret. I am here to tell you that todays bacon was not even close to last time. thin and soggy with no flavor. kinda like, Morningstar Farms in looks and taste. Far from "homemade". 

On to the burger. Gross man! Could not even finish it! Cannot even describe that flavor but E double UU! I did not taste ANY jalapeno cilantro pesto at all. And yes I know what this tastes like I make it for a pizza sauce at home. Super dry and crumbly. All i could taste was cinnamon.

Even my wife had a hard time finishing hers.

The pineapple carrot salad was not my favorite. I only hope the ton of white stuff mixed into it was Veganaise. 

What happened to a good ol dill pickle. Sorry just not my fav, and for $15.00 clams my expectations are higher. 

I left so hungry I had to get a Clif bar at Trader Joes so I at least could make it home. "I came all the way from Maricopa for this" is what I believe I spat out of my mouth when I got in the car afterward.

Serverly dissapointing!

Review time!

Curbage: 10 (love it)
P factor: I dunno, but all is very clean and this is awesome
Ordering; 10 (quick)
Waiting time: 9 ( much faster this time)
Food: 3 (Nice try just gross man)
Food Value: -10 (couldnt even finish half of a $15 dollar burger
Summary: 5 ( I am on the fence today, kinda dont know to sum it up so I have to ponder further, and hope that next time will be better.)

I want 24 carrots to work for me bad. It represents most of what I am looking for i a restaurant meal.  Today unfortunately did not, and with the changes that I saw on the new menu, I am unsure of returning, therefore I have to give only 1 star today quite simply because I could not even finish one half of an overpriced vegan burger. Sorry 24 Carrots todays meal just does not cut it for me. 

Late 

Gordo

ps I will keep 24 carrots on my Best Vegan Eats for now but.....
I love this place.  I had the raw green papaya salad and it was amazing.  I love how they use local ingredients in everything.  Will definitely be back :)
I love this place  I go to it every time I'm in Chandler.  Fresh food, friendly people and a gem of a find in a strip mall.
I'm pretty disappointed in myself for not reviewing 24 Carrots. 
Every time I've gone, I've had the best service! The employees already know my name, they make suggestions from the menu, and make sure you're happy.
They like to experiment in the kitchen (as opposed to me, in the bedroom) and will bring out things they are working on. Beet Balls. Cake Balls. Yeah, they make a lot of balls. Score!
The last time I went, I had the grilled cheese. To die for!!!!
This is a vegetarian restaurant, with vegan options. You can get regular cheese if you want.
I always get a blueberry smoothie. Large. Yummy & good for the kidney!
Bring your laptop, as there is free wifi. There is no more perfect place to work. Believe me.
Hands down, the best juice bare and cafe you will find in the East Valley. Everything from the juices, homemade granola, lunches and desserts are spot-on....and I usually don't like Vegan food! :) 

Keep up the great work!
We agree with all those who say Sasha is wonderful.  We travel frequently on business and we try to find juice bars wherever we go.  In Phoenix they are very limited and this is a good one.  Sasha went out of her way to make sure we had our juices the way we wanted them and having just finished a trade show, we were very grateful.  They were tasty, too!  Drinking green juices and smoothies really makes a difference in our health so again, very grateful.
If you are looking for something healthy, vegetarian, vegan, or even raw this is the place to go! it has something to satisfy everyones needs and flavour to boot! if you are a big meat eater, this is the place to try. Seriously. It will change your mind about eating vegetarian or raw. All the meals are bursting with flavour, and the portion size is good. The price of this place is also on-par with what you get. If you are looking for fresh, farmers market quality stuff, 24 carrots is the place to go! I drive 30 minutes just to eat lunch here. Wish more of these places would pop up! Atmosphere is very inviting. It's very Portland/Coffee shop feel with a nice lounge area and books to read while eating. They also have some kids toys for the little ones which is a nice touch!  I have eaten at a few veg friendly places in the valley and 24 Carrots is the best!

Oh- and I see they have new hours. They'll be open for dinner now which is great! Next thing I'm hoping for is delivery! :)
I'd heard good things about the place from a couple of people so I wanted to give it a try and I wasn't disappointed.  Nice vibe in the place, friendly people and tasty food!  I went with the intention of picking something up over my lunch hour but I ended up making a new friend and we sat and talked about food.

I believe it was the owner up front, she was friendly and passionate about the place.  I went with the 1/2 Mediterranean veggie sammy and 1/2 Wanted Panda salad (they were out of the Mediterranean bean salad).  The sammy was plump full of fresh & tasty veggies, homemade hummus on a nice toasty grain bread.  The salad was big and also very fresh, loved the tangy/sweet dressing - with a proper serving size of about 2 Tbsp THANK YOU!  (hate having a nice salad dripping with 1/3 cup of gooey dressing)  

I thought both items had a nice amount of flavor and the veggies tasted like they'd spent a good amount of time in the earth as they should. I finished off with a Cliffs of Dover fruit juice blend, was a little sweeter than I expected but that was just fine with my sweet tooth.  $15 total for my lunch, and I was full & satisfied for the entire afternoon.

My new friend went with the falafel burger and it looked so good, nice and moist and she loved the sauce.  Another customer asked her what it was because it looked so tasty.  I'd just made falafel the day before or I'd have gone with it - oh well, next time.  The other burgers sound great too!

I noticed some reviews commenting about 24C being out of different things, as they were when I went.  With a varied daily menu with fresh ingredients its hard to anticipate so I don't fault them for that.  

I'll definitely be back again.  Yes it's a bit pricy, takes a little longer and the food might be a little different each time.  And thats fine by me.   This place reminded me why we don't like chains and delicious food and great conversation go so well together.
The food here is wonderful and I am never disappointed! The owners are so friendly and the food is soooo flavorful. I was also happy to learn that they cater! I loved the vegan eggs benedict and the chicken salad sandwich is delicious. One time I had a tomato soup that was to die for. I am so happy to have stumbled upon this restaurant and plan on spreading the word!
Went there yesterday and loved the caprese salad with mozzarella, tomatoes, mixed greens, and pesto dressing. Delicious! And they are always so incredibly friendly here. A little pricey but worth it because you can be sure you are eating healthy food made with high-quality, ingredients many of which are locally grown and/or organic.
NOTE: This review is only about the smoothies/juices

Sadly I really wanted to like this place, because I've been looking for a decent local juice bar...and I apparently still have yet to find a good one! I decided to order 2 juices. but couldn't find one that screamed ginger (I love ginger), so I asked the girl behind the counter what she would recommend and she mentioned that they can add ginger to any of the drinks. I decided to get the Pucker Up! and Berry Me Alive, both with ginger. I was hoping to get a small to try, but the size didn't seem worth it for $4.50 plus extra for ginger, so I got both in a medium size. 

The Pucker Up did make my lips pucker but not in a good way. It was bland and sour and I could feel my stomach acids churning. The Berry Me Alive tasted like a cup of frozen berries. Yes, I know frozen fruits are practical in such places, but I've never had berries that tasted so lack-luster. Also, I don't know how much ginger I get for 50 cents, but it wasn't enough because I couldn't even taste it.

For 2 medium drinks plus ginger, the total can to about $13. So not worth it! Don't plan to ever waste my money here. I'll just drive to Thrive in Gilbert for now.
I had expected from a place that specialized in them. We ordered brunch items, and they were good, but quite over priced in my opinion. We spent $75 for breakfast for my little family of four. I would say our meal was worth about half that. It took over 45 minutes for our food to be served after we ordered. The server wasn't very friendly our helpful. Overall, we were excited to try this place, but in the end we were quite disappointed and we won't be visiting again.
The aprons the staff wear look like they have never been washed...I'm not sure how clean or well run this establishment is...hmmm.  I also ordered two smoothies and they ran out of the proper size cups, so my large smoothie went into two small cups; a bit annoying. I also the prices to be expensive.
I worked down the street from this place for years and finally went in because I was doing a detox and needed a fresh fruit drink.  Much to my surprise they have a huge menu with great food, drinks, baked goods, and desserts.  I never walk away from this place with a heavy feeling and I know that I am eating much better.  They only use fruits and veggies that are in season so be open to trying new things.  

They always have a veggie burger special and make sure you get there early before it sells out.  My favorite is the fruity almond toast and pumpkin pie smoothie.

Make sure you go to happy hour between the hours 2-5 Monday through Friday when the drinks are 1/2 price.
The juice was great. I had a large size of Berry Bom Pomp (or something like that..lol) and a Veggie Masala Burger. It was great and fresh. I paid about $20. It was quite pricy for a burger and a drink. I might go back if I really want to find a comfort food with a very comfort place without concern about the price. 

The environment was very cozy. They have quite lots of books and novels to read. You can sit and read the books in there with a hot coffee and cookies:). Hmm...very nice.
I used to frequent several of the vegetarian/vegan/raw/organic establishments in NYC and now back in Arizona, I was hoping to find comparable fare. Let me say that this place holds a candle to absolutely all of the places I had been to in NYC, and without the inflated prices and ostentation I had encountered out east. Nutritionally conscious Arizonans should consider themselves lucky to have an establishment like this which provides foods sourced locally, ethically, organically, and most importantly for me, THAT TASTE OH SO GOOD. The food here is just straight blissful---whether you're a meat-eater, vegetarian, vegan, raw-curious, any of the above--they really make an effort to appeal to all of the palates, I noticed. The tastes and colors are so vibrant and every dish I had was done with care and craftsmanship. Everything came together on the dishes; nothing seemed to clash--a sign that there is a good deal of culinary ingenuity behind the restaurant concept. I oftentimes wonder why people even need meat or dairy when vegan food can be made to taste this irresistible. So far I have had the Juevos Rancheros, the Smoked Bacon BLT, their house veggie burger, and a special of the day, an enchilada dish. I honestly don't understand any of the negative reviews; they seem trifling and unsubstantial. Recognize the overarching reality that you are getting some of the very best quality nutrition possible prepared sooo yummily. To me, that's all that matters. Like I said, I would recommend this just as enthusiastically as some of the best vegan/vegetarian/raw/organic establishments in NYC, and that's saying something. I salute you 24 carrots, and I wish you luck in your continued awesome output of cuisine. Count on me to be a regular!

Note: Being a tall male, I have a voracious appetite and sometimes I will order two dishes, but I have no problem with this. People have different requirements and I don't criticize their portions as being meager. They are appropriately sized portions.
Place is hippie, almost too much so.  The dining room and bathroom need cleaning. Otherwise the juices are tasty and made fresh, there is also amazing art on the walls.
OK, food was great! I'm very happy that almost anything can be made either gluten-free or vegan. In fact, I had the enchilada black bean burger made vegan and GF, it was DELISH! I can tell they make their own GF bread, it wasn't gritty or anything, very good. It was a little messy to eat, but I managed without having to use my fork. ;D

Now, the juices, on the other hand, leave a little something to be wanting.....

On the menu, I ordered a lemonade (I can't remember the name, it was Indian or something) anyways, the description was "ginger lemonade with Indian Spices". The thing is, when I read "lemonade" my brain associates that word with a sweet drink. THIS. WAS. NOT. SWEET. My drink was PURE lemon with a hint of ginger, with floating peices of lemon seeds. Talk about lip-pucker!!! Now, don't get me wrong... I see the potential, so I actually took it home, strained out the seeds, and added unfiltered apple juice. It was......better. So, I would suggest either changing the drink description from "lemonade" to "lemon juice", or, just change the recipe to make it sweet (and notice, I say "sweet" and not "sweeter")

I will be back, if not for the juices, definitely for the food (kinda weird, considering this is a JUICE bar...). I wouldn't mind trying a smoothie, or maybe I'll just buy an Izze next time, haha.
I am a big fan....For 2012 I am going to really try to eat healthier so I will be in here more often. The food is always tasty and unique. I love the happy hour because drinks are half priced.
After a long hike we found this place on yelp. We arrived during happy hour, great prices!!!  Delicious choices good for both us and the environment.
I have eaten here a few times and I have to say I love their juice bar options.  Sasha is awesome in that she knows the particular things that particular people like.. ie, she has an array of smoothie add-ins (wheatgrass, veggie protein, etc).  I would say the only complaint is that both times I've ordered to-go here, it's taken forever (even for a smoothie).. so I've resorted to just calling way ahead.

Her sandwiches are big and are wholesome and have interesting mixes and only once have I had an issue (I had expired carrots), but that was just once and the other times I've had no issue.  I've seen her with farmer's market bags of produce, so I know she gets her produce as local as possible.

The decor is very relaxing and invites you to hang out a bit longer.  A few times she's been in the kitchen running her mixer and pops out with some dessert topping or filling she's making that she'd like us to try and tell her what we think of them - they've always been good.. especially because she has to be creative to make them vegan and tasty.

Her to-go containers are all compostable and she is very cautious about re-use in her dining utensils (ie. no styrofoam or plastic cutlery).

I support this establishment because they are commited to whole food, customer satisfaction, and the environment... and she makes Hella good desserts, smoothies, and big yummy sandwiches.
I absolutely LOVE this place!!!  The food is out of this world and the atmosphere is perfection.  Be advised, this is not a fast food joint.  Everything is like home made using fresh ingredients FULL of the good stuff!!!  The pastries are incredible, the menu is AWESOME and the juices and smoothies are BEYOND fantastic.  If you're looking for an ice cream based juice/smoothie bar, this is probably not the place for you.  If there were 10 stars available to rate this place, THAT is the rating I would give.
This place has such delicious foods. They are fresh, healthy and I wish there was a location in CA. I love their smoothies and the fact that the have other milk options such as almond and rice, is just wonderful. I got the spring rolls today...delish! I eat here every time I'm in town.
Two vegans and two vegetarians waltzed into 24 carrots at about 7 p.m., chattering about facetious things - colleges, boys, clothes, food. After one look at the menu, they fell silent, faces scrunched in determination, attempting to narrow down the plethora of options before them. To make matters worse (but actually better), breakfast was served all day, so between the lunch, specials, juices, smoothies, baked goods, and breakfast... the selection seemed virtually endless. Our cashier/server was polite and incredibly patient as we asked a large number of unnecessary questions, frantically attempting to rationalize our menu-oriented decisions. 

After about 10 minutes had passed, I was still torn between the french toast and the BLT, so we agreed to order the french toast as an appetizer for the table. Thank the flying spaghetti monster we did. This may win the 'best classic french toast that ever was' award, vegan or not. It tastes like a cross between brioche and challah (butter bread and egg bread?), so I'm rather befuddled in regards to how they achieved that consistency, sans butter or eggs. Whatever, it's probably best I just stuff my mouth full of fresh fruit and warm, maple-y french toast and don't ask questions, anyway.

The BLT ended up being satisfactory, but from what I read online, I was expecting more. I don't remember tasting onions, avocado, cucumber, or aioli, so if it was there somewhere... I missed it. My friend disliked her tofu breakfast burrito, and I found it somewhat bland myself, but we brought it home and my boyfriend ate the entire thing in five minutes flat. However, quinoa tabooli was delicious, as was the tikka masala we received after our meal (thanks, Sasha, you rock!). Ethnic food is definitely a go at 24 Carrots.

For dessert, we shared a chocolate cake doughnut. It didn't stay together like a real cake doughnut, but it was much better than one... more like a ring of dense, chocolate cake. We also had the pleasure of trying an experimental raw cheesecake. It tasted a lot like chia seed-y, vanilla bean panna cotta with a bottom layer of delicious crust. Needless to say, everyone loved it (thanks, Daniel, you rock!) We also may have donated a dollar to charity in exchange for a mini chocolate cupcake. All worth it.

On the whole, unless you LOVE tofu, I recommend the sweet breakfast options. The one thing that's disappointing about this menu is that the entire savory selection of breakfast is tofu-based. However, with options like homemade granola, french toast, and maca oatmeal, I think I'll survive. Top that off with an awesome, relaxed atmosphere and the most amiable staff around, and you've got an all-around pleasant experience. I'll definitely have try 24 Carrots again... something tells me I won't get a full feel for the place until maybe my 35th visit, which I have no problem with.
This place is awesome. Arizona is lucky to have such a great vegan dining option. We could use a local in TX. The end!
I have never had an over-the-top and deliciously decadent breakfast that doesn't leave me feeling guilty, nauseated or sleepy afterwards.... until now.

Victory was delivered in the form of carrot cake pancakes. They are, for lack of better terminology, the bee's knees. The butterfly's shins. The wasp's ankles. You get the idea. Two fluffy pancakes studded with thick carrot ribbons, spices, and a delicious dose of sweetness independent of the maple syrup and fresh fruit they were served with. These are better than carrot cake... and I don't consider too many things in this world better than carrot cake.

On a very mildly unpleasant note, one cake was slightly undercooked in the middle. However, I have no fear of vegan pancake batter and proceeded to shove the entire thing in my mouth anyway. I washed that down with a "field of greens" juice (it tastes like it has the power to cure hundreds of ailments), and deemed myself full and satisfied.

Then, I noticed a little sliver of pie sitting in the fridge. Just a sad, single sliver. I had to inquire.. it looked so lonesome. Turns out it was chocolate caramel turtle pie. Vegan, raw, gluten-free, chocolate caramel turtle pie with a nut crust, salted caramel sauce, pepitas and pecans on top. I don't need to explain what happened next, just know that it was beautiful. Worth every one of the 650 pennies I shelled out for it.

It's been seven hours since I've eaten and I'm still not hungry. With the quality ingredients that 24 Carrots puts into all their dishes, it's no surprise that juice, two pancakes and half a slice of pie has sustained me until dinnertime. Oh, 24 Carrots, your wholesome goodness will surely lure me in again soon.
When I first went raw I was worried it meant that I would never eat out again so you can imagine my excitement when I found out about 24 Carrots. I went for Raw Wednesday (although I believe they have a raw option everyday) and had the "Cheese Burger." It was so delicious that I ended up ordering the other raw option on the menu to take home for dinner. The atmosphere was casual and welcoming and the staff was willing and able to answer all of my questions.  This is one you should add to your list whether you are raw or not!
I thought this place was great!  Had the Arizona bowl which was sooo yummy!  It's a cute, but small place and the wait to get your food is long, but worth it!  Will definitely be back!
24 Carrots is a wonderful place for smoothies (pina colada is wonderful), juices, raw and vegan foods. The staff is funny , smart and know how to make the yummiest dishes. 
The ONLY thing is... the windows are dirty. I mean streaked and gross. Please clean them. You serve wonderful clean food, clean the windows.
This was probably the best vegan breakfast I've ever had, or at the very least it is tied with some of the "famous" vegan places I've been to in Portland and Seattle.

First of all, it's obvious that 24 Carrots started off as a juice bar. They use all local produce when they can and have thought up some delicious combinations. I had something off the menu that the owner recommended. I believe the main ingredients were kale, cucumber, and pineapple, and it was very very good. I also noticed on the menu that there are some very unique add-ins for juices and smoothies such as herbs like fenugreek and turmeric.

The chocolate coconut french toast was divine. It was cooked to perfection and topped with just the right amount of coconut cream, dried coconut, chocolate chips, and strawberries so that it was decadent but not overly done. Even the strawberries and oranges that garnished the plate were juicy and organic. 

As a vegan I typically don't eat imitation meat - it weirds me out a little bit. But after learning that their "bacon" is made from tofu that they make in-house, season, bake, and then grill to order, I just had to try it. I was never a huge fan of bacon pre-veg anyway, so I didn't really have any expectations. It had a great flavor and was actually quite good. If imitation meat was my thing, I would be all about this stuff. The owner did say it is a huge seller for them.

If I lived in Phoenix I would be a regular at this place so that I could try everything on the menu. Everything sounded so good! The owner was also very sweet and I chatted with her quite a bit. I'm so glad I went, and it was definitely worth every penny.
5-star food, 1-star speed. plan to wait for a long time, but it's totally worth it. the food is fresh, healthy and delicious. gluten-free carrot cake pancakes were bomb, but the owner literally had to mill the gf flour. worth it dot com, but it takes awhile. just sayin.
Wow, where to start where to start.  after completing culinary school I realize the challenge in cooking vegan, its very easy to over season or under season items.  The owner seems to have vegan cooking down pat.  I have stopped by twice in the past week spending way more than I planned on spending simply because I was tempted into testing out the flavors offered.  As an example...... Her bacon..... She first makes Tofu from scratch, then cuts thin slices, bakes those slices, then finishes on a grill with some seasoning, it doesn't necessarily taste like bacon, but the taste is intense and delicious.  The juice bar is also very extensive (some items are not even on the menu like my favorite... the Grinia Colada....) The Grinia Colada has got a handful of greens juiced alongside a few fruits coconut milk and lime.  Mindblowing!  If you are looking for a spot to fill up without the guilty, "I should run a 5k after this meal," feeling, stop by 24 carrots.
Love their smoothies (Ultimate recovery-my fave!) and juices (field of greens)  Happy hour= 1/2 off drinks.  My kids who roll their eyes at the thought of eating vegan, love their vegan burgers, and quesadillas.  Great tasting food, healthy, and great service.  Food is made from scratch...this is not fast food, so expect a small wait.  Food that you can feel good about eating.
So, since my last visit with the awful lemonade, the owner actually contacted me through yelp to get me to try the Nimbu Pani one more time on the house, insisting it was made wrong. (AWESOME customer service!)

I went back for round two. She was right. MUUUUUUCHOOOOO better! It was actually sweet this time (she also informed me that she made sure all of her employees know how to make it properly too) They only thing that was a little weird were the whole cumin seeds in the drink....I just couldn't get past that. but, it was EXCELLENT as long as I didn't chew the seeds......

While I was there I ordered the soup of the day.....vegan (of course) potato leek soup......I hate to say it, but it really wasn't good. I didn't know it was a cold soup....had I known, I probably would have ordered something else (I think potatoes with aromatics are just mean to be eaten warm....it's just hard to stomache otherwise) This is the only reason I'm not changing my rating to 5 stars. However, I know they have other deslicous menu options that I will be happy to go back and have in the future. 

And THANKS for making me try the lemonade again!!!
Fresh juice - so fresh & crisp! Great sandwiches with amazing bread. And the hummus - so yummy with carrots! Loved the vegan BLT - love love love!!!

Great service - very friendly and answered all of our questions. Also loved the water with fruit. Will most definitely be headed back to 24 Carrots again soon.
They don't serve coffee here, and they were extremely nice about it.
If you're getting food and/or tea, go here instead of the nearby Starbucks.
Love this place! Everything is super fresh and the owner supports local growers. Its a nice place to just chill too.
Went back again yesterday and had their mango limeade special - it was perfectly cold, tangy, and sweet on a hot summer day. It's easy to see why 24C is doing well. The people like working there and it shows in the atmosphere and quality of their food & drinks! Keep up the good work!
RUDE EMPLOYEE!!!!! I went into this juice bar one morning in a hurry. First impression, EXPENSIVE for a juice and you needed glasses to read the tiny written menu. The smoothie I ordered was $7.50 (quite a lot I would say). I ordered from the girl standing behind the counter, then the phone rang. She proceeded to take the call to discuss daily sales and how much the shop was making each day with the person on the other line. She did not apologize or excuse herself while taking this call. As I waited she walked around cleaning things up while on the phone. (No, not starting to make my smoothie, just talking on the phone about how much money the place is making, REALLY?) The person with me never got to order, we both walked out, no time in my day for that. Better tell that owner they just lost 2 smoothie sales that day and possible repeat customers.
While I found everything to be satisfying, it wasn't very memorable. The only real problem is that they don't serve coffee. They are not allowed to because they are next to a Starbuks. That's some b/s on the part of Starbucks, but nonetheless, I wouldn't put a breakfast spot next to one.
This place has very friendly service and a wide selection of vegan food including several raw vegan options.  I've had all the raw vegan entrees and they are all good.
I love this place but the service is incredibly slow.  Like mind-numbingly slow.  I took my sister there for a "quick bite to eat".  It took nearly 30 minutes to get two smoothies and one quesadilla out to our table.  It looked like there were 3 people working (1 in the front running the register and 2 in the kitchen).  The smoothies were delicious but the guy making them was eating bits of fruit while he was dropping the ingredients into the blender for our smoothies....I was a bit concerned.  

The quesadilla was amazing but it just took forever.  The first time we went was just as slow as the second time. So I don't see the service time improving but the food is still good.  

I always think about going there but I just never like having to allot extra time for waiting around forever.  It always seems like the people calling in their orders get priority service.  Maybe that's the way to go?  I'll have to try that out sometime.  During our last visit a person called and placed a phone order just as we sat down at our table.  Before our food was ready she had time to drive down to the restaurant, her food order was prepped, cooked and boxed, then she came in to pay and left....all before we ate.  :( I don't know how much food she had ordered but they gave her a big bag.
Good food -- delicious, actually. Slooooow service -- I was the only customer and it still took 20 minutes to bring my order. I'm guessing there's an attitude issue in the kitchen. Or maybe it starts at the top, because their website doesn't offer any option for sending in feedback. If it had, I'd have sent this directly to the management instead of posting it here.
Visiting from out of town and found this place by searching 'Vegan' on yelp. I'm in heaven! Ordered a carrot / pomegranate / kale / cucumber juice and it was delicious.  The owner is super friendly. We're here a few more days and will be back to try some of the food.
Met some friends for dinner here, great food. Very creative and lots of choices on the menu.  Nice staff, great experience.
This place is awesome. Raw and vegan BUT tons of non-soy options!! Sasha and her staff are always accommodating to my specific food allergies and every meal is fresh and delicious. Sometimes it's a bit slow to come out and that's because its all fresh! Worth the wait in my opinion. I luv this place! GMO-FREE.
I've been here a couple times now and I think it's fantastic.  I had an enchilada burger and I had me some "bacon" the last time I was here, both times to much satisfaction.

Dude, one time my girlfriend ordered "eggs" benedict, and it even had a runny yolk and everything.  The lady who runs this place is a fuckin' magician with vegan food.  So, so delicious.
Really amazing food. Fantastic fresh juices and smoothies. And the service is very personable and great.  The staff are always welcoming, friendly and helpful.
Worst thing about this place is that it's 20+ miles from my home.  Wish they were in North Scottsdale :)

Food is amazing.  They're really magicians with the various veggie products they use.  Presentations of plates is excellent.  Portions are large.  The place is nothing to look at and not a lot of seating but sure worth going for some terrific vegetarian and vegan food.  They're moving soon and will be a little further north but they need to move another 20 miles for this to be one of my regular haunts for lunch and dinner.

YUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This place is wonderful!  I am not a vegan, but if I was it would probably be the only place I would ever eat!  I went in and ordered a juice (carrot apple orange).  It was fresh and delicious, but I am dying to come back here to try their food though.  Everything on the menu looks really yummy and the place has such a laid back atmosphere.  I am from Chicago and places like this usually get a bad rep for being super snotty and judgmental, but the servers are friendly and not afraid to strike up a conversation.
The only thing this place is missing is great hours.  I am a teacher and I would LOVE to be able to order a fresh juice in the morning instead of my usual Starbucks coffee which never comes the way I order it, but they open so late that's a definite no.  They also aren't open late either so after school is out of the question if I decide to stay late.  Come on 24 Carrots!! Extend those hours!!!
"Quite possibly the best food I have ever eaten."  That was the phrase that came out of my husbands mouth-and boy do I agree.  We are not vegans or vegetarians, just folks in search of whole foods that are made with healthy organic ingredients.  Based on the reviews, we tried it last Sunday and WOW.  I can't imagine anything tastier.  That is, until we went back on Friday.  We had the quesadillas and the pizza and hummus.  We were truly blown away.  Yes, it takes a while, but the food is MADE FROM HAND there on the spot.  Healthy, organic delicious ingredients!  I will wait for that ANY DAY!  We can't wait to go back.  Sasha changes her menu weekly based on what she finds at the local farmers markets. We will be back, and back, and back and back.  Did I mention we will be back?  :)  Do not miss out, try this place TOMORROW!!
Friendly service and incredible, healthy food! I was driving through Chandler on business and was looking for a non-chain restaurant to grab a quick bite. They were kind and welcoming, passing out smoothie samples and asking how my falafal burger was (very good.) They revamp the menu every week based on what fresh ingredients they've bought at the local Phoenix farmers markets. I was they had a location in L.A.
I love the food here and I crave it often. Usually, I order 2 items because I can't decide between the new, delicious menu items that rotate each week. The juices are great and I love the "happy hour" they have from 2-5 on some days of the week. They use local, fresh ingredients from nearby farms. However, the service is incredibly slow. Generally, there are only two people working: one person running the register, answering the phone, and making juices, and another person making ALL of the orders in the back. Even when the restaurant is almost dead, I wait for over 30 minutes for a to-go order. One time, the girl behind the counter answered some questions about the menu for me and ended up recommending an item. When my order was up 30 minutes later, it was a totally different dish. She said I never ordered the other one - even though she recommended it to me! Then they told me they were out of the ingredients for the dish I ordered. I wasn't even upset about that - I know that they order fresh ingredients from local farms and they are bound to run out of something. But, I was there for over 45 minutes waiting for a simple raw dish. The owner was very nice, but the service was slow and she wasn't behind the counter helping, she was closing out for the day and working on her computer. Meanwhile, people were waiting a ridiculously long time for their food.
I'll start by saying I haven't eaten here yet, but I have picked up some of their green juice drinks which have always been awesome! Love their Field of Greens drink - not bitter, not sweet, Just riiiight! I always forget about this place except when I'm thinking of where I can get an awesome juice drink. I saw someone order their tofuizo (tofu chirizo) and I was going to order one had I not had a bizillion things to do today.  I'm coming back and I hope they have the tofuizo next time I'm there(getting hungry thinking about it now)
Loved this place!  Great food! Great flavors!  Will be back when I get to that side of town.
Good yummy healthy vegan food!
I am absolutely blown away by the high reviews this place has. The service is horrible! They usually only have one person taking orders AND then doing the food prep. You would think that they would hire maybe 2 people?!

I have gone there 4 times thinking it must just be bad timing and I really wanted to give this place the benefit of the doubt,  but this last time was the last for sure. While we sat waiting an hour for our lunch, we noticed on the table next to ours was a cockroach happily dining on a dirty table. When I told the owner she just  laughed it off an blamed Subway next door. Ewww!

The food is "ok". Definitely not worth the wait and definitely not worth the bugs.

Check their inspection report on Maricopa.gov
First off, you have to have patience and keep in mind that they make their food and drinks fresh. I absolutely loved my first experience there. I ordered the Arizona Bowl and the Pb&b. I didn't even mind the wait because I was fascinated by the cute seating area they have with their collection of books and board games you can play. It's so cute, I want to sit in there all day. They're also extremely nice! When I got home and took the first bite of my food, I then scarfed it all down and was sad to see it gone. It was sooooo good. I am not even vegan, but i want to start eating much more vegan food. They make it so easy and enjoyable to eat healthy. They definitely got another returning customer.
I had the Quinoa Salad today and it was great. Don't go if you are in a hurry. The service is relaxed like the atmosphere in the restaurant. I love finding fresh, gluten free food and was not disappointed.
this is definitely my favorite vegetarian place near phoenix. it's 20 minutes from my house, but it's well worth the drive. the food is fresh, and although it will take a bit of time to make (if you get something hot), it's worth it. the smoothies are also to die for... i usually get the strawberry fields forever with a protein boost. in addition, i would recommend getting the arizona bowl or the eggs benedict, i love them. however, if you want to be daring... they have a daily menu on a board.
This review has been a long time comin'. I've been a regular off and on for the six or so years this place has been open and I'm just now getting around to sharing with the world about the amazingness of 24 Carrots. Good thing other Yelpers were more on the ball than I was. I've watched this place grow from having a small handful of smoothies, juices, and teas to having a full fledged menu offering breakfast, lunch, dinner, and everything in between while keeping the original drink menu and even expanding on it. What a perfect example of a local business success story!

I cannot speak for the food as I have yet to try any of it, but I can attest that no matter what you get for a smoothie, you cannot go wrong. My personal favorite is the Peachy Keene with a scoop of whey protein added in (which you can do for any smoothie for $1 extra). The uniquely amazing thing about how they prepare their smoothies is that they use frozen fruits, which eliminates the need for ice or ice cream to make the drink cold and in turn makes it much more flavorful. They're always thick, and you always get some leftover fruit on the bottom that didn't quite get mixed in with the rest very well, but hey at least you have a bit of a snack!

Like others have pointed out, this place has a very laid back atmosphere so don't come here if you are in a big hurry. Everything is prepared fresh and there's usually only about one or two people doing the work, so you'll be waiting about 10-15 minutes depending on what you order. But don't fret, it's completely worth it if you have the time.
I really want to like this place, but truthfully i'm not sure it's worth the wait and the money. I've been here quite a few times, but my past experience may be the last.

 My frustration mostly arises from stopping by at 2:30 on mother's day for some juice. The place was packed, but mostly from people waiting for their lunch. I saw a lot of angry customers waiting more than an hour for their food. My mom decided she didn't want to wait for food and we both order juices. IT TOOK 30 minutes for the juice. JUST JUICE!! The lady making our juice didn't look like she had a clue how to make the juice in the proper portions, tossing veggies and fruits in there like an experiment! It took her 3 times to get it right with her wasting time running back and forth to the back to grab more veggies. Not only does this NOT make sense, but it's a HUGE waste of time. Plus the veggies did not look washed at all. First of all, get a formula down so workers know just about how many veggies go into a drink. Second of all, keep them somewhere close to the juicer! DUH!!! During our wait we saw MANY frustrated customers, complaining they received the wrong orders, or things were missing, and asking why their food was taking so long. People, the food is pretty good, but not worth a 2 hour wait. In this day and age, time is crucial when considering where to go grab a meal. 24 carrots really needs to figure out a way to maximize the time or motivate workers, because honestly I was frustrated by their staff. No organization, and streamlining the food and juice making process needs to happen. 

By the time we got our juices, I really didn't even enjoy it. The time and money we wasted waiting, sweating--does their AC work at all?? --was just not worth it. Sorry 24 carrots. I've given you 3 chances. I'm not looking to be disappointed any further.
Delicious vegan and vegetarian food. By no means am I either one, but I love vegetables. I had the spicy almond cheese stuffed peppers and the hummus appetizer. Both were amazing, also the pita bread they use is some of the best I have ever had. Plus I love how they get  their ingredients fresh from local sources.
The black Forrest mushroom quesadilla was one of the best tasting items I have had in a long time anywhere. As for my other dish it was decent but I am just not the biggest fan of "raw" food.

Despite the name this place is much more of a cafe than a juice bar as they have solid food and not just snacks. 

Each dish is $10-13 a bit pricey for what it is but this seems to be the going rate for local veg cuisine. 

As for the food I had the "ravioli, which was really beat slices with a creamy vegan sauce and some salad. It was good and a bit rich which is surprising as it was raw, for me the flavors were not varied enough. We also had the aforementioned quesadilla which was amazing large chunks of sauteed mushrooms and a few other items in a green tortilla. 

Now if they could just be open for dinner.
DELICIOUS! I have been a vegetarian for over 20 years, and it is nice to finally see so many vegetarian/vegan restaurants sprouting up all over the valley.  I ordered green juice (I forget the name) and mushroom quesedillas.  They were very tasty with fantastic texture and flavor that just popped in your mouth.  The owner of 24 Carrots goes around the valley each week talking to different local farmers to see what products they have.  Their products are the epitome of locally grown, which I really appreciate.  The food is a bit pricey, but I am willing to pay a bit more for local, organic, healthy food.  My one complaint was the noise.  Of course, I have accepted the sad reality that noisy restaurants are "in," with their glass and stone surfaces and nothing to buffer the noise.  However, because smoothies are so popular at 24 Carrots, there was an almost constant din of blender in the background.  I would suggest that they make the smoothies in the back kitchen to cut down the noise.
I'm not a Vegetarian or a Vegan, but this place is delicious, fresh, and gets local produce for their products. 

My favorite is the Voodoo Cooler. Apple, Grape, Cucumber, Celery, Carrot, Beet, Lime, and secret ingredient . . . Dragon Sauce! Sinus drain much? 

Also, their Vegan cupcakes are pretty kickass! 24 Carrots sponsored Phoenix's Take Back The Night Rally and March this past March, and our volunteer crew was able to sample mini versions of them. 

Give this place a go!
I wish I could give 0 stars.  24 Carrots is a nightmare from the second you walk in.  Look anywhere and you will see filth; from the half-inch of dust on the fan blades to the garbage scraps covering the kitchen floor to the apartment-sized electric griddle where all food is cooked to the single spatula that is scraped on the griddle and then laid straight on a table in a pile of food carnage.  Aside from all of this, the person who helped us did not know the menu and used his computer 4 times as a reference while making our juice.  Understaffed, inefficient, dirty, poorly managed, slow:  just don't go here for your own health and sanity.  Literally, I thought I was on a prank show and could not believe what was happening was actually happening.
The food here is so amazing.
When you first walk in, you see nothing but the two juice menu blackboards (smoothies on one tablet, fruit and veggie juices on the next) on the wall. The owner told me they do EVERYTHING out of a freaking microwave and toaster oven, since the place merely started out as a juice bar. 

While I knew I wanted to try a veggie juice, it was kind of hard to choose. Mainly because it still had a large amount of fruit, I chose the Voodoo Child juice. Its contents included: apple, carrot, grape, cucumber, celery, beet, lime and Dragon Sauce. Honestly, I had no idea what Dragon Sauce was, but ordered the juice anyways. Well, Dragon Sauce is actually a very spicy hot sauce ha. At least the cashier let me know about it before they put it in my drink. 

Initially I wasn't sure what to think. It was warm and I'm used to cold juices, so that took a few sips to get into the groove. However, the more I drank, the more I enjoyed my fruit and veggie juice! It was refreshing and light and tart all at the same time. Something I will definitely come back for! While a little on the expensive side, I felt good about splurging on something healthy while also supporting a local eco-friendly business. And I will come back; there are so many juices I am curious to try!
One Word sums up this place- AMAZING!!! I don't care if you are a carnivore or a vegan this place has something for everyone and everything is DELISH!! It does take a little longer than most places but its worth it. Small and quaint with simple ambiance, but a little gem that offers a nice variety and daily specials - Also, their RAW desserts are insanely good and good for you!
If you are vegetarian coz you actually like veggies, this is the place for you.

You can actually taste the vegetables. And the food is fantastic. It rivals True Foods and is priced much better. 

Sasha is such a friendly person, loved talking to her.

And if you cant tolerate vegetables and have given up hope, this is the place for you ! 

They actually promote local, organic and healthy eating. They conduct events like classes from time to time. I have had the pleasure of attending a class as well. 

http://livingthegradlife.com/2013/09/18/cooking-with-sasha-of-24-carrots/

Amazing food and philosophy !
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!  Everything I have ordered here has been great!  Plus I I LOVE the juices and smoothies.  Sometimes, I have had to wait 15-20 minutes for a juice or smoothie, but it's because they were busy.  I've tried so many delicious things here.  Love it!
So I decided to give 24 Carrots another try since the first time I had gone there I left without ordering due to the rude attitude of the workers. I ordered a hummus plate to go. Simple enough. When the menu says "seasonal veggies" I assume it means not veggies I receive with my chicken wings (I got carrots, cucumbers and celery). When I received my food before I even touched the box I asked if they could switch the cucumbers and celery for more carrots since I dislike them. They said no. So I figured I could overlook that as long as the hummus was good. I got home and realized the "pita bread" was nothing more then cracker wafers. And the big kicker is the hummus tasted like bland baby food. I called to complain and the manager, Amanda, proceeded to tell me I was wrong because their hummus is the most popular thing there and that the pita bread was lavosh bread. I worked in customer service for a long time so this really pissed me off. The proper thing to do would be to offer for me to come back and then replace it with something that might have more of what I was looking for flavor-wise. I had just had a great workout and wanted some fresh, flavorful food to eat for lunch. I will never go back to this restaurant, which is sad because I really do enjoy eating healthy and I have also advised my friends to avoid this place as well and to head to Pomegranate Cafe instead. At least that place has friendly staff, better food and they won't have to wait an hour for their food.
Best place to grab a quick snack!  Or come in and sit down for a nice meal in a calm relaxing environment.  Sasha and Amanda are amazing!  Amanda is one of the best vegan/vegetarian chefs EVER!! They are always helpful in picking out new items to try and have new items every week!
I've been here twice at the new Guadalupe location.  The first time I came during lunch and ordered the voodoo cooler and a veggie burger.  I know the voodoo cooler had a mix of veggies, but only one I know for sure in there were beets because of the beautiful red color.  I've tried beets before, for some of my home-made juices, and I just can't get past that dirt taste.  This one was great tasting though.  Just the right amount of veggies and that dragon sauce gave it a great kick.  Unfortunately, I was really disappointed in my veggie burger, I thought it was tasteless and when it cooled down it became even worse.  I'm not really a big fan of dishes that pretend to be meat because I know I'm always expecting that burger taste when I know I won't be getting it.  So I'll blame myself for ordering that dish.

I went back again one morning and ordered a green juice and a quinoa and oatmeal dish.  I never thought of quinoa as a breakfast dish but it was really really good!  It was a hot meal garnished with strawberry slices and the flavor was amazing!  The green juice was also really good and the service is very pleasant.  I know I'll be back and sticking to dishes that do not pretend to be meat.
I'm not a vegan or vegetarian but this place is AWESOME! They have very creative vegan dishes. You won't miss the meat or cheese. The produce they use is fresh and crisp. The service is a bit slow but it's worth the wait!
Great breakfast burritos!
I was there for the Grand Opening and it was delightful, this location is in  Cave Creek and with the Sonoran desert as your backdrop how can you go wrong.This was my first experience with raw vegan food, and I must say it was very good.  Raw foods being used for healing the body and gluten free foods to promote health not a bad combination at all. The nutty falafel was with almond hummus was my favorite of all that I tasted. Chef Sara was warm and welcoming to her guest so this event was a hit. I know she will do well with this location.
The restaurant has a nice ambiance, the service was good. The night I went they had live music that added to the nice ambiance. I had marinara sauce with zucchini noodles and cheese cake for desert. I felt that the garlic was hugely overpowering in the entree and I generally found it unsatisfying, especially for the price. The cheesecake was pretty good but certainly not worth the price either.  In short, I would not go back as I felt it was overpriced and I felt unsatisfied when I left. I love to eat healthy, organic food but not at the expense of taste.
The Wife and I were in search of a healthy and hearty meal on Friday night and we decided to try the raw vegan academy cafe.  

The ambiance is very nice and even uplifting.  The walls are painted rich inviting colors and the place just has a nice energy.

The food was delicious.  Chef Sara was there herself and you could tell the food was made with love and care.  I had Sara's Salad and my wife had the pizza.  The ingredients were all of very high quality, the vegetables very fresh, and the food was delicious.  In keeping with high quality and healthy food, both my wife and I felt great afterward.

The prices are very reasonable for the quality of food you get.  The cost winds up being $15 -$20 per person for a full meal.

Reading some of the other reviews, frankly I am a little puzzled.  If you're looking for a bargain and your standard low quality everyday food, Dairy Queen is right next door.  If you're looking for tasty, fresh, nutritious food this place is it.  We'll definitely be back for more.
PHENOMENAL. A very creative menu, delicious food, and a friendly atmosphere. I had the "pizza" and my husband had the Chef's salad, which were both wonderful. The best part was the sugarless chocolate pie dessert. I felt so good after this meal, as opposed to feeling a bit sick and nauseous after most restaurant meals. It was very filling and satisfying. I woke up the next morning feeling great too. 

We also had a long chat with Chef Sara about healthy eating and her diet philosophies, which was quite enlightening.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE. Once you start eating healthy food like this on a regular basis you just can never go back to the fatty, greasy, salty, sugary, unhealthy standard american diet. 

Even if you aren't a vegan or health foodie, this place is worth checking out as the menu is so interesting and creative. It's amazing what you can do with vegetables!
I had a fabulous experience today! Chef Sara was very friendly and super helpful with the menu. She did let us know she was out of some ingredients though and so the menu was rather limited. This disappointed me at first, so I ordered something that would have been probably my 3rd choice. I got the "Rawgasmic" sandwich and let me tell you I was not disappointed in the least! The bread was a amazing and the spreads were so flavorful. The sandwich was topped with so many colorful, fresh organic veggies too. I was completely full and satisfied after eating this. My friend ordered the marinara zuchinni noodle bowl and I swear she inhaled it before I could ask for a taste.

I also loved the decor and even took some photos around the place to copy in my own decor. Yes, it is pricier than your average lunch joint, but I'd rather pay extra here than at some second rate chain. Here I know all the ingredients have a purpose and are all fresh, organic and carefully chosen. The menu is so creative and the plate ends up looking like a work of art. So yeah, I'll pay a couple extra dollars for that. I wish I had room for dessert because the dessert tray looked incredible.
If you are looking for only raw vegan food, this is your place.  Nothing is cooked, everyhthing is 100% raw.  They offer a variety of creative options from appetizers, wraps, soups, pizza and pasta.  They have freshly squeezed juices, smoothies and a variety of different health shots.  The dessert is yummy as well.  This is a must try!
As a resident of WI, I am a believer that every meal requires meat, cheese and/or beer.  And usually frying at least one of those.  WIth this in mind, I truly have no idea why I tried a Chef Sara's Vegan Cafe.  Either way, I am  extremely glad I did.  I have since been back twice for lunch so this review will focus on the lunch options.

At face value, the lunch was pricey.  Each entree was $16 so you can plan on spending at least $20 for lunch once you include tip.  But once you eat, you realize that you are paying for HIGH QUALITY food (which I am ok with).  If you prefer a larger amount of crappier food, I suggest Golden Corral.  The food from Chef Sara is outstanding and homemade, and many people don't realize how labor intensive/time consuming creating raw-vegan food is. The price is fair given the VALUE .  And value is clear once you try the food.

Additionally, the human body knows exactly what to do with the ingredients, so you are left feeling satiated.  The trick is to eat, then wait about 15-20 minutes before you decide if you are still hungry. I finished eating at 12:30 and was full until dinner at 6:30. Keep in mind I usually eat about 4-5 plates at an Indian buffet and down 40oz steaks like they are SLIDERS.  I once ate 14 HOTDOGS at a baseball game... and yeah, Chef Sara's little sandwich kept me until dinner.  Wasn't expecting that...

SERVICE: The service was exceptional, though both times the place was fairly empty, so I was able to talk to Chef Sara personally.  She was very kind and very helpful when deciding what I should try.  THe food was made quickly, I was in and out in about 30 mins (I even took my time eating).

DECOR: The decor....well... it is relaxing and all that, for those that care (I don't).  

FOOD: The flavor of the food was great.  Nothing was bland.  The rawrgasmic sandwich was flavorful.  The quiche was very dense and filling.  My only complaint was that the quiche had a VERY strong garlic flavor, which was fine with ME....but not so much with the people I had to talk to for the rest of the day.

BOTTOM LINE:  Men will like it because you can impress people with how open-minded/worldly you are that you eat raw-vegan.  Plus it is filling and very healthy.  Women will like it becasue of the presentation of the food and the health value. It can be a pricey lunch but the value is certainly there.  I will be a repeat customer.
Good service, fresh healthy food, knowledgeable staff and great location.  I saw a small sign for this place while driving through Cave Creek.  I used to live in the area but now live out of town.  I was about to grab some food in town at one of my old haunts when the thought of raw, vegan food was very appealing.  I came in on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch.  It wasn't busy, but there were a couple of other patrons.  I was by myself and couldn't help thinking my boyfriend might squawk at this food decision (and the overall ambiance - too new age-y for most dudes I've dated).  However, once a guy tastes the food, I am sure he would be impressed.  They have a vast menu, but the server let me know what was available (they make everything fresh).  As an appetizer, I had a shot of wheat grass (and the waitress let me know the best way to consume it -- holding it in your mouth and swishing it around before swallowing).  For the main course, I went with the Veggie Burger, which was more like a reverse veggie burger (two raw onion bread patties on the outside and filling on the inside).  I don't like mushrooms so the waitress substituted hummus instead.  The sandwich was pretty large and very filling.  It came with a side of whipped, chilled butternut squash (?) which was delicious as well.  When I was done, Chef Sara greeted me personally.  You can tell that she takes a lot of pride in the quality of her food -- as she should!  If I lived closer, I would definitely return -- especially because I really wanted to try other stuff on the menu, particularly the Coconut Ravioli.
A friend has been raving about this place for close to a year, and she recently offered to take me here for my birthday. I figured it would be good, but I also thought it might leave a little something to be desired (that it might not be filling, that all the desserts would taste like a variation on a larabar, etc) 
I have to say, it was AMAZING! Not just good for raw, vegan food, but some of the best food I have had. I had the Rawgasmic sandwich, and it was one of the those meals where I had to stop the conversation a few times because I really wanted to savor each bite. 
For dessert we shared the Tiramisu. It really tasted like Tiramisu, only better!
And my concern that it would not be filling was not an issue. I ate everything on my plate, but I was so stuffed I was wishing I had asked for a box. I still felt satisfied the next morning, which was surprising since I always wake up hungry, even after I've had a huge meal for dinner.
I went here over the weekend with my best friend.  The atmosphere was quiet and cozy.  I have never been to a raw vegan restaurant and was unsure of the food, if I would like it and would I get enough.  Everything surpassed my expectations.  The food was wonderful, and the "dessert" was healthy and amazing!  I can't wait to go back.  Chef Sara was an inspiration, I wish nothing but the best for her.  Even if you aren't vegan, this place is fabulous!!  Give it a try.
A lot of choices, but pricey. If you are looking to try a totally new experience, this is the place. The soups are excellent, full of taste and flavor and the hummus is wonderful. I had the raw sandwich which was excellent. It is a little on the pricey side and they only have 1 booster chair, so if you need multiple high chairs, this would be an issue.
Very slow service. Was overcharged for clearly marked items by Chef Sara herself, who then couldn't (or wouldn't) print me a receipt after the fact. 

Really disappointed. The food was fine but I'd never go back based on the level of service I experienced from the chef/owner and the way she talks to her employees.
Only eaten here once, but chef Sarah has an extensive menu and is very accommodating about making modifications to suit you.  Will definitely eat here again.

This place also has quite a bit of outdoor seating and is dog friendly.
I am in agreement with Anna G. below.  The menu is extensive but our choices for the day were very limited as Chef Sara "did not have this" or " was out of that".  It is also way overpriced by about 30 percent I feel.  I took a friend there who is vegan as a way to be thoughtful but she opted not to have anything because of the price and limited availability of menu items.  I settled on a 9 dollar bowl of carrot soup and a jasimine tea. The soup was actually very tasty but I inhaled it and we left.  I am also suprised the cafe has survived given it's hidden locale off Cave Creek Road.
2-1-13
Incredible dining experience in a meticulously clean and charming cafe.  Chef Sara was accommodating, friendly, and highly informative and knowledgeable regarding a healthy and nutritious life style.  As well, Chef Sara provided a detailed review of the variety of menu options available that evening and assisted us with our selections.  Food portions were generously sized, fresh, and delectable.  A "seasoned" and most talented chef that strives to ensure guests receive an exceptional, unique, and healthy dining experience at Raw Vegan Cafe!
The food is outstanding - exactly what 'True Foods' promises to be and is not. Chef Sara is a master with raw ingredients, creating wonderful combinations with subtle and spicy flavors. 

We ate the Rawtastic Combo Platter Appetizer with 3 dips and kale salad, and a 5-seed cracker that needs to be seen and tasted to be believed. Then we had the Rawgasmic Sandwich on home made pumpernickel and the Falafel Wrap inside Nori - excellent! Get ready for a little garlic. 

For dessert the Pecan Pie with medjool dates topped off one of the best meals we've had out in a while. All of this is in a cute little place up a hard-to-see dirt road in Cave Creek. Who knew? 

Word of warning: go early. We arrived at 5:30pm on a Saturday night and they were understaffed to handle even a small rush of a crowd that came in around 6:30pm. Chef Sara is a magnificent chef and personality.
We loved this place!  The orgasmic sandwich was incredible!  We loved that we felt full and nourished and - could barely finish our food.  We are vegan and we'd love to be raw - we wish she'd open a place closer to Phoenix!  We HIGHLY recommend this place.  We'll be back.
This is the real deal! Finally! A cafe in No. Scottsdale, (Cave Creek), that really does serve healthy food. You can dine on healthy green drinks and smoothies, eat an absolutely delicious raw vegan meal, and feel completely satisfied and nourished, even if you're not vegan or raw.  We love this place for it's ambiance, Chef Sara's energy, and the fresh, organic original tasty dishes. 

We've eaten the Pizza, Rawgasmic sandwich, quiche, wraps, and chocolate mouse for desert. Everything is so good, you would have no idea it was so healthy!

The menu is extensive, so not all items are served every day. Just go with the flow.

It's on the pricey side, but remember, raw organic food is a labor of love, and it nourishes your heart and soul. It's worth every penny! We'll return over and over! Thank you, Chef Sara, for bringing this gem in the desert to us!
I love this place and the food here is incredible! Although since Chef Sarah makes everything herself be sure to only come here when you have plenty of time! But it's worth the wait!:)
Excellent fresh food and great service
Chef Sara overcharged me at the register by about 6 dollars!! I couldn't believe it! Lunch was 18 dollars!! I asked her to print a reciept and she said she "couldn't". What a joke. Will never go back. ALso very big menu but they only have a few select items each day. I also didn't like being preached to while I was eating! Will NEVER go back!
So excited to go there for my BDay lunch. Sign on door says closed July & August!!! Really?  No mention of that on Yelp (says it was open) or on their website!!  
Understand you need a break but be considerate to future patrons & post it!!!  It is a drive for us to go & it would have been nice to know you were closed!!
My wife and I were out shooting a wedding, but had time for a good lunch. I read some of the reviews here and the one and two star reviews made me scratch my head. Raw vegan takes a while and is more expensive. Just the way it is. And it's totally worth it. A healthier lifestyle takes effort, but we feel better everyday because of it. Chef Sara and her employee/assistant both welcomed us and talked us through their menu. As we shared stories of why we'd all chosen the vegan way, we knew we were in the right place. We had the quiche with kale salad and the rawgasmic sandwich with sweet potato pure. Holy untouched cow, batman! Both meals were satisfying and fantastic. We will be back and recommend Chef Sara's restaurant to everyone.
Had the restaurant all to ourselves last night.  The food was phenomenal - kohlrabi + rutabaga ravioli, the rawtastic sandwich and the spinach quiche.  The crust on everything was unmatched; the flavors really came together well and we were very impressed.

As others have mentioned, it's pricey (had two slices of pie afterwards - fig and pecan - which added $20 to the bill ($10/each), which seemed a bit much), but we had chef Sara's full attention.  The service was great, the attention to detail impeccable, and the food really was divine.  I'll be back.
We visit Cave Creek a few times a year, but in our first return as vegetarians, we knew we had to go here to eat and learn more about eating raw, specifically.

The place was packed with locals, so that's always a good sign, and we selected a variety of items, including the spinach soup, rawgasmic sandwich, and "chip and dip" sampler.

Get beyond the fact that the soup will be lukewarm, because it's really good and fresh and a nice way to start the meal. The sauces/pures are bright and the seed "chips" have a good texture and taste. The sandwich was the topper, though--definitely the item to order.

I'm not saying the food is for everyone, in fact, I know a lot of closed-minded folks that wouldn't even give it a go, but this ex-carnivore, candyvore, junk food junkie is really enjoying the discovery of fresh, healthy, raw meals that are made and presented with such care. Truly lovely.

We liked everything so much that we bought the book, which lays out easy sauce and dehydration recipes.
What a gem of a find! I'm from LA and came for Thanksgiving to see my family and Chef Sarah has made it possible for me to eat amazing raw food my entire trip. Chef Sarah sits down at the table and carefully explains everything on the menu at this quaint little wood cottage restaurant. I've eaten here for 3 days and loved everything. They even have a greenhouse in the back where they grow sprouts and wheatgrass. Thanks so much for helping me have the perfect holiday Chef Sarah!
This place is hilarious! We went with family. My cousins step mom was trying to make sure to include her boyfriend in holiday fun since he is vegan and she did not realize that there was a difference between raw and vegan food. Understandable mistake. Everyone was totally willing to try something new BUT this place is like a bad episode of Portlandia. 

The menu sounded ok. We were told to sit and the chef would come around and tell us what on the menu we were studying was available for the day. We said ok and started reading the extensive menu. We ordered some tea. The lemon one was great but the Hibiscus tea my cousin and I ordered tasted like we were licking the earth. It was disgusting. So we asked if we could just trade it out for the lemon or if she could just take them away. The server seemed nervous and said she would ask the chef. She came back without asking the chef and said that she would fix the problem by putting coconut sugar in it. We tried it and let her know that it was still just not our cup of tea. FINALLY she agreed we could switch teas. 

At this point we had been sitting for about 20 minutes waiting for the famous chef to let us know what we were allowed to order off of the menu. Still no sign of her except to ask if the door open was making us cold. We decided to pay for our teas and cut our losses. If you have a craving for raw food, the desire to be in cave creek, and 4 hours to kill this might be the place for you. I will stick with cooked vegan food at Green or Braggs Factory Diner.
Seriously amazing. was so completely impressed with food, service and ambiance. Truly is as good as it gets! Getting takeout as I can;t stop thinking about the pesto zuchinini noodles!!
Chef Sara's is my idea of the GOLD STANDARD OF QUALITY in The Valley of the Sun. It's that good; as good as gold. And I'm not saying that after a single trip, but after innumerable trips. (Also, I would never consider reviewing a restaurant after a single trip and imagine that my review ought to even hold the weight of a feather in terms of credibility.)  In fact, I'd go as far to say that Chef Sara's is a crowning achievement of culinary excellence in The Valley; using only the finest, freshest organic ingredients, and nothing that has been deranged (i.e. destroyed by cooking it into oblivion). Chef Sara then takes the finest raw materials Nature can provide and she creates truly unique, imaginative, and innovative meals (see pics) like nothing else in the entire Valley!  
 
In fact, the food at Chef Sara's is so energizing, so nourishing, so delightful, that I eagerly make the 50-mile trip, each way, from Ahwatukee with my eyes full of wild anticipation all the way there; and then there's a bright, satisfied light coming from those from same eyes all the way back - as a warm glow envelopes every inch of my soul.  

The food at Chef Sara's is the elixir of life, and she does it up right. Every bite, an explosion of joy, an exclamation point of taste, as lustrous as silk rolling across my tongue. Each flavor is a moment to savor. My favorite is the RAWgasmic sandwich, a genuine foodgasm if there ever was one; as each glorious morsel that parades over my taste buds feels as if the bands are playing, the flags are waving, and the fireworks are flying! Though, in my mind, everything at Chef Sara's is first-rate, as if you're eating off a silver platter and drinking from a golden chalice. 

In fact, I'd say that Chef Sara's is actually everything the more popular and venerated (Un)True Food Kitchen only portends to be. That's because the food at Chef Sara's is actually REAL, authentic, unadulterated, TRUE food.  And while I'm thinking about it, I'd venture to say that "real," in anything, tastes better, looks better, feels better, and is more alluring, captivating, and appealing - to the all of the senses.  If you think about it, people are naturally more attracted to anything that is authentic; more attracted to the simple; more attracted to the healthy; more attracted to the happy! 

We generally don't like the fake (unless it's fake fur/leather). We don't like fake in people (and all the lies/illusions/distortions/excuses/rationalizations/being emotionally frozen in childhood/etc.), and we certainly don't like the consequences of the fake. Even fake food has to made palatable so its makers can brag about it being "real" and "authentic." It's not. Putting a disguise on something that's inherently phony cannot suddenly make that something "real." My fellow Yelpers, you can't fly like an eagle with the wings of a wren. There's nothing like being REAL. Nothing.

And no one does REAL better than Chef Sara. She doesn't need to brag about her food. (Only the fake needs a trumpet to brag about its alleged virtue and quality.) The food at Chef Sara's speaks for itself. And nothing's more REAL than when all the sugarcoating has worn off; when the mask has been chucked aside; when all pretense has been dropped; when all the lies have been untangled; when all the illusions have been stripped away; when the true colors are on display and all that's left is the absolute, unvarnished truth. Chef Sara's is real food; real flavor; and real healthy. Amen.
Flavors are amazing and a great opportunity to learn more about food. Chef Sara was very accommodating and interesting.  While the pace is a bit slow it is worth the wait. We will be back. Dont expect low prices and super fast service since chef sara creates everything herself from scratch for you.
The most incredible food I have ever tasted.  I took my daughter here for her birthday lunch and Chef Sara greeted us so warmly and her food was fresh, live, vegan.  I had no idea it would taste so darn good. She shared her story of why she opened the restaurant. She really is changing lives. Can't wait to go back and have the banana ice cream. Thank you Chef Sara we will be back.
Can't say enough good things about this place. Very much worth the drive, especially if you're looking to cap off a nice hike.  My wife and I wanted to try everything on the menu. Nothing disappointed. The place is cozy and Chef Sara was really cool.
Customer service is great, the smoothies and bowls are delicious, and it's a nice, cool atmosphere. My favorite acai bowls are "Go Green" and "Original". The food is healthy, yummy, and affordable! I recommend it to anyone, any age!
I Loved the chocolate peanut butter bowl I ate when visiting Thrive! They have a great selection of bowls, and other yummies to choose from. My kids (who are VERY picky) LOVE going here, and cant wait for the next visit! The Staff is very friendly, and very informative in regards to Thrives other services available...check them out :)
AHHHHH! I am soooo excited about this place opening here!! Can you feel my excitement?! I am no gluten free or vegetarian individual. I love my meat, but I also love my acai bowls. I used to be so depressed that there is nowhere close by that has my delicious acai bowls. Back in California they are everywhere, but not so much in Arizona. Now my life is back in shape all because of this awesome acai place. It tastes delicious!!! I guarantee. I know it is so weird how can something so healthy and wonderful for your skin and body taste so good. Scientists at NASA are currently working on solving this phenomenon. Definitely try this place. As for me, i am now a regular. I love how their acai tastes fresh and not mixed in with so much apple juice or other things like at other places. It just tastes so good I can't say it enough.
Love. Love. Love!! This place is awesome. I have tasted acai before but I didn't love it... but these bowls? They are deelish and so fresh tasting, likes a wonderful desert, yet healthy. I would recommend it to everyone, not just health nuts.
I was so excited that this place opened up close to me. My wallet on the other hand is a little nervous. As it should be! This place offers delicious acai, compelling me to go every week. They have a ton of flavors, which I have never ever seen before. Trust me, I have had a lot of acai in my days. The flavor is perfect. Not too sweet not too tart and they don't add a ton of apple juice to dilute it. It is heaven in a bowl topped with bananas, granola, and a hint of honey.  If you have something against bowls, you can get their smoothies. Did I mention acai is full of antioxidants? Plus last time I was there they told me if you are an AT STILL student you get 10% off your order.
I have been hearing about this place for months and I finally made it out there today.  I was finally able to find something that is delicious after my workout and has so many of the nutrients I need for the day.  I am highly recommending this place for everyone.
Acai bowls are good, I just wish they'd freely post their nutritional information.
Great light breakfast or snack anytime. Been a few times with the lady. Fresh made peanut butter is very good and a must add in.
Not your regular smoothie shop, I was introduced to this place by a "health nut" friend of mine. He goes all the time. They even have a bowl named after him. Not sure what is the difference but you can ask for "Cody Style" and they will know what you mean. I was surprised that it seemed to fill me up, or that I felt full quite a long time after eating a bowl. And it tastes good too! Chocolate coconut is my favorite.
I don't know if we just hit this place on the wrong day but since there was NOBODY else in there, I tend to think we didn't. I haven't been to a place in a long time that had such extremely poor customer service and I mean BAD!  We only ordered two smoothies and a mini acai bowl. After waiting nearly 20 min. the two ladies walk out with one smoothie and the acai bowl and one immediately tells me that it took so long because they had a HUUUUGE call in order and suggests next time if I don't want to wait that I call my order in; are you kidding me, since when does a customer that is in your store ready to order and pay take a lower priority over a called in order?  After her spiel about the length of time, I explain to her that we are missing a smoothie. With no apology she very defensively tells me that not only did I not order the other smoothie but, I didn't pay for the other smoothie and that she can show me the receipt to prove it; WHOA!!!!! A simple sorry I didn't hear that part of your order would you like me to make that now would have been fine, instead she has an attitude like I am trying to rip her off. All I know is we were first and last time customers and I will tell everybody about our horrible experience there.  The food may be healthy but the attitudes of the employees (and I sure hope they weren't the owners) need a good spiritual cleansing!
We love this place! The acai bowls they make are kind of like smoothies with some other stuff mixed in, but they make you feel so good because they are naturally sweetened -- without any sugar. Very healthy and very tasty.
OMG this was unbelievably tasty and uber healthy.

Its like a smoothie in a bowl but BETTER.

I tried the Original by the servers recommendation. Good choice!
Acai, strawberries, blueberries all mixed up topped with granola and bananas and drizzled with honey.
No added ice or sugar.
So so tasty and refreshing.
Kinda wish I'd ordered the large!
Thrive! has been on my to-do list for many moons... after all, it's the only place to get an acai bowl within an hour of Scottsdale. I finally made it down to Gilbert this morning, and now I hate myself for not discovering the glory of Thrive sooner (but really, I love myself, because I just had a giant acai bowl and am feelin' fine).

My favorite thing about Thrive is the ingredient selection, which tops anywhere I've been in California. They even beat out Sambazon's Acai Cafe, which is 100% build-your-own bowl style. Yes, there's a menu, but many a secret ingredient hides in the kitchen, including super foods like cacao nibs, goji berries, spirulina, maca powder, hemp and chia seeds. Other highlights include homemade nut butters, protein powders, all kinds of berries and tropical fruit, and hemp-flax or gluten-free granola.

I'm too excited by any restaurant's build-your-own option to order a set menu item, and given the myriad possibilities laid out before me... I knew the original bowl wasn't going to cut it. I made my own acai blend (spirulina, cacao nibs, chocolate protein powder, banana, and walnut butter) and topped it off hemp-flax granola, walnuts, and chocolate shavings. AY. DIOS. MIO. Too delicious for English words... and five hours later, I'm still full.

The owner was even sweet enough to let us try free samples of the tropical, chocolate peanut butter, and chocolate coconut bowls... which were unsurprisingly scrumptious. Overall, I'm left with these two thoughts: 1) Even if Thrive is 25 minutes away, I've got plans to fill out my punch card and get a 10th bowl free before the end of the month, and 2) Why is there only one of these? Time to start replacing Scottsdale's 473 crap-tastic FroYo places with acai cafes!
Delish! Healthy, refreshing, and unique. Gluten free granola is offered too :)
Had one of their large Tropical cups for the first time today. WOW. I am a picky easter  
and it was fantastic Will be taking the family back soon!
After an incredibly long day I decided to stop by this place on the way back home to try one of their 'meal-replacement' sized frozen treats.

  Chocolate coconut - XL ($10). Tasted just as I had imagined... Very flavorful and satisfyingly smooth and cold.. Could qualify for a light meal replacement, though I could imagine getting add-ons like granola or oatmeal would enhance that.

  Will be back to try the peanut butter variety, thumbs up!
I was excited about this place because I am a huge acai fan. So, I go in (15 min ago) and there are 3 high school kids working there, 2 on laptops and 1 behind the counter. I wasn't greeted when entering and when I ordered the kids got up from their laptops without washing there hands or putting on gloves and made my acai bowl. Had I not paid I would have walked out. I can't tell you if the food was good because I threw it away. Thanks for the wasted $7. I would have prob came in a few times a week.
Very good healthy food and friendly staff.
I LOVE THRIVE!!!! They are my favorite place to go for a yummy treat. It tastes sinfully delicious but it's heavenly good for you! No added junk, just healthy delicious fruit pureed to a soft serve consistency with oats and honey for an extra treat! My favorite is the peanut butter! What kind are you going to try?
The best acai bowl I have ever eaten was at Protea Cafe in Hawaii. Of course, when you live in AZ... going to the Protea Cafe in HI is obviously not an option except for maybe once a year. Thrive is my local Protea Cafe. This place is great. The acai bowls are awesome and I love the different flavours they offer. Lets be honest, making your own acai bowl is not always ideal. All the ingredients you need make it expensive to make on your own and you'll land up not even enjoying it. Thrive offers great bowls at an even better price! If I could, I would eat here for lunch every. single. day. Just a fair warning... it will take a good 10 minutes for you to get your bowl, but well worth the wait! Plus I never mind when places take some time to make my meal because that means they're only making it when I order it! My mom is on her way right now to grab us some bowls. Try it... you won't be disappointed! :)
I love this place! My friends and I frequent here about once a week for the past few months. I have tried about half of the bowls on the menu and have gotten stuck on the passion fruit one. The service is good and the people are friendly. 

I absolutely recommend trying this place!
Guilt free dessert (meal) is here! Depending what size I get and the type, it has served as a meal replacement before, especially the peanut one. 

I've tried the Go Green and the Peanut Butter. Go Green was fruity and refreshing, just what I was looking for whereas on my second visit I decided to go nuts! :) So I ordered the Peanut Butter and though it was good, it was SO filling. It wasn't compelling to eat more than a few spoonfuls in one sitting. 

I'll be back for the Go Green or to try others. All in all the granola, acai blend and fresh fruit is pimp.
Really good smoothies and Acai bowls. The downside is its almost impossible to go there on a break, they take forever!!!

Changed this from a 3 star to a 4 because i thought about it and the owner lady was very nice and doesn't deserve less.
This place is awesome!! It taste very natural & very healthy. I tried the go green and my hubby had the original both were great.  Forget ice cream, I've found something better and healthier. Staff was very friendly!
Nice alternative to a smoothie.
I wish there was a place like this in Denver where I live, but when I'm in Mesa I have every intention of stopping here, I just don't always get time. I got the peanut butter bowl and it was really good. I was there about 3 weeks ago but from what I remember they had a decent selection of acai bowls of goodness. I remember peanut butter, banana, granola and whatever else was in it was so good. It's a somewhat healthy alternative when you want something sweet.
I used to come here all the time when they first opened. I then went away and attended BYU Hawaii, and if anyone has ever been to Hawaii, they know that acai bowls are everywhere! Since returning home, I totally forgot about Thrive! until a few weeks ago, and have been returning every week since. It's very yummy and I love the convenient location, but after trying a plethora of different acai bowl places in Hawaii, I might have turned into an "acai bowl snob." A couple suggestions I would have to make this place even better would be to have a sorbet option, where the acai main part is just a little thicker of a consistency. Also, I've had better granola in my acai bowl explorations. But overall, I've had an extremely positive experience every time I've been here, and it's definitely one of my favorite places here in G-town!
Wow... I was a skeptic, but now I'm a devotee. A coworker was always going here for lunch and inviting me, but I was sure that a blended bowl of fruit, veggies, grains and various ingredients wouldn't satisfy me til dinner. I was wrong!  I've had the peanut butter and the chocolate coconut a couple times and I am hooked.  There are a couple others that I look forward to trying in the coming months.  Definitely give it a try if you're in the area.  Sign up for their text message alerts for deals too!
Hubby brought this back for me for breakfast one morning on a recent trip to AZ. I only have my local Vitality Bowls to compare this to, but this was good. I didn't go to the store, so can't comment on that, but hubby called me to ask if I wanted Small, Medium, Large, or Extra Large bowl and I asked for medium telling him I wanted something equivalent to the Small here at Vitality Bowls. The medium from this place was even smaller and more expensive, so they lose a star for that. However, the acai base was more flavorful than the local joint here, so score on that! I love acai bowls so this place is a great place to get healthy food and I will go back again when in the area.
Wow!! Thrive? Disappointing. The bowl was delicious but the customer service and the 30 min wait to get a smoothie! That just to much for me. I could of went to Jamba Juice and been home by now. I get that you had a bunch of orders but you need to let people know before they order that it will take that long or my solution-( Higher another person). Time is money. So i guess order for pick up if you must but there is just to many options to bother.
one word: delicious!
I have been here a few times and have had different experiences each time. Once I came and there was some sort of meeting going on in the back. I have never been at a job where the business meetings were not in a private room and it was a little uncomfortable. Overall, the atmosphere of the workers is a little too laid back for me. Maybe a uniform of some sort would help. Food is good, I love the chocolate peanut butter bowl! However, it is VERY expensive for what you get. I got two smalls today and paid eleven dollars!! Even coming from an old Starbucks employee, I think it's very overpriced. Good food though!
Thrive is a great little place to grab a healthy snack or go for an all fruit inspired lunch.  All of their menu items taste great and are also very appealing visually.  They use a lot of fresh ingredients and everything is fruit and acai based.  I have tried almost every bowl on the menu and I have yet to find one that I dislike (The raspberry is a little tart, but I think that almost makes it better!).  I haven't tried many of their smoothies, but they all sound great.  They have a lot of options in case you don't like the ingredients or have food intolerance issues (think glutten-free granola here).  The staff is always super nice and warm towards anyone who comes through the doors, even when they are crazy busy.  They are really good at accommodating phone orders and do a good job in paying attention to large orders, like when our whole office decides to call in at once.  Their gift cards are a great little treat to give and receive.   

I only have two reasons for it not getting a perfect five stars: 

1. Since they opened the Tempe location and have updated their menus, you get quite a bit less acai blended goodness per bowl and they have instead added a lot of "fluff" to the top in the way of extra granola and fresh toppings.  Personally, I liked it better before when they offered more substance than just a scoop of granola and a few banana slices.  

2.  I think it's a little pricey for what you get.  A medium sized bowl averages around $8 .  These are all items that can be easily re-created at home for a fraction, but, I guess you pay for convenience and a clean kitchen. 

Definitely a place I know I will go back to time and time again though.  It's a healthy alternative to all the junky fast food joints that are in the area.
This is literally my favorite place to eat in all of Arizona! The bowls and smoothies are awesome, and the staff is great! I come here probably twice a week for lunch or post workout. I love them all, and usually get the oatmeal on the bottom of the bowl, so delicious! Great for anyone with gluten or dairy allergies too! Just ask for gluten free granola if thats what you need!
The kids and I tried this place for the first time.  We were excited to have a healthy smoothie alternative to Jamba close by.  My first thought walking in was that they didn't have the ingredients listed for the smoothies up on the menu board.  I found a paper menu but that didn't have them either.  I don't need a nutritional breakdown, but all the other smoothie places at least tell you what type of fruit, juice, if there's ice or yogurt, etc.  We asked about several smoothies and they listed the ingredients for us.  We chose our three and then waited.  And waited.  And waited.  I found it strange that they make their smoothies in the back room where you can't see them.  I like how Jamba, Inta Juice, Juice it Up, and most other smoothie shops all make theirs out front so you can see the ingredients and the progress.  There was no one ahead of us in line so it was strange that it took so long.  After 10-15 minutes, they brought them out.

We left and as we all started drinking them, the taste was okay.  I've had many acai smoothies from different places and made them at home and I noticed that the distinct acai flavor was not there.  But since I had a green smoothie, I figured it might have been the veggies disguising it.  But I couldn't really taste those either.  I did however taste LOTS of banana.  They did not list banana when we asked them about the smoothies so I was not happy about that since I don't like banana and would have left that out.  We were already about 10 minutes into our next errand by the time I asked the kids about theirs.  They both said they tasted like banana rather than the flavor they ordered and sure enough, it was a mild fruit flavor with lots of banana taste.  We weren't told about the banana in the kids' smoothies either.  It actually made me wonder what else they added that they didn't tell me about.

I drank mine and the kids drank most of theirs, mostly because we were hungry and paid so much for them.  My large which was smaller than the medium at all the other smoothie places, was $8 and the kids mediums which might be the same as a small (16 oz) at other smoothie places were almost $6 each.  

We wanted to love this place because we are fans of healthy smoothies and frequent many different smoothies shops around Arizona and California but between the cost, the slow service, and the just-okay taste, we probably won't be back.  I'm sure the acai bowls are good but looking at the high cost for the sizes they offer, it's probably not going to bring us back in.  Sorry Thrive.  Great concept but not so great execution.
The bowls are very delicious and refreshing. Plus, I don't feel bad about myself afterwards like I do when I eat ice cream.
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.  getting the acai bowls for breakfast is a little early for me to eat something that cold.  

I could see as a lunch option would be perfect on the weekend when you aren't in a hurry because its definitely worth savoring.  

I absolutely love the granola and would take granola and bananas as a topping on these acai bowls any day.

So yummy!
THRIVE IS AMAZING!!! The only complaint I have is the price but I will still pay it. It's not enough to prevent me from going, just from going more often. I'm only 18 so I don't always have $8 to spend on an acai bowl but I still love it. It's so healthy and I feel so refreshed after eating there. The fruit is all fresh and such great quality. 

I'm a little disappointed to see people on here comparing it to Jamba Juice. This isn't jamba juice. If you want a jamba juice, then go to jamba juice. Jamba is a chain, this is not. Everything at jamba is frozen and you can in my opinion just taste preservatives in it. Thrive is fresh and tastes fresh. 

And yes when everything is fresh you can wait an extra 5 minutes for them to make it I mean come on!! And I love that they put the blenders in the back room I can't stand how Jamba has them out there its too loud and hurts everyones ears! 

This is such a great alternative to froyo and stuff like that. I truly think these types of places are going to get more and more popular. Thrive rocks especially if you love being healthy :)
For a healthier, light lunch, Thrive's acai bowls are a good option for something refreshing and cool in the hot heat of summer. This location is larger than the Tempe one, with more tables for people to sit down and enjoy their bowl or smoothie. I've had every bowl, and my favorites so far are the chocolate walnut, tropical, and cherry.
I'm an acai convert! My gym and work are right next to Thrive, but I never considered eating there until I saw some rave reviews from fellow Yelpers. I'm so thankful I tried Thrive out because it's a wonderful work lunch option for me.

Yes, the bowls might seem expensive for $8-10 each, but I stay full for at least 4 hours after eating one. I usually get a medium with one or two extra toppings like cacao nibs or goji berries.  The granola they use is very good, and I love how it pairs with the tart acai base. The chocolate walnut bowl is my favorite, but I plan on trying them all.

Service has been friendly and quick. One young woman was even conscientious enough to follow me outside to make sure my order was correct (it was).

 The only thing I haven't been happy with is the use of frozen fruit (e.g. pineapple, cherries). I'd rather those bowls be taken off the menu if the fresh fruit isn't available.

I'd also like it if the nutrition information available at the counter was also posted on the website. I'm sure many people would find that useful.
Ok... Let's be honest, it's a desert. If you're like my fiance, then you think that because it has 3 leaves of spinach and some acai in it, then it's a "healthy meal"... I disagree. It may be naturally occurring sugar but it's got lots of it. Topped with honey and granola. Yum, yes. Healthy, debatable.

Also, the prices are way too high, and the wait was ridiculous. I really thought it was delicious (Go Green Bowl) but I don't think I'll pay or wait for it again. Sorry! Not super impressed.
We showed up at 8:56pm and they close at 9pm... They were very nice and still served us.  It was a great late night treat. The employees were really nice and did not make it a big deal when we ordered just before closing.  It's something I would recommend nothing to compare it too.  Really good healthy treat.
Good stuff! Seems to be relatively healthy. Great snack  before or after the gym. 4 stars because of inconsistency in the bowls. Ex. Sometimes you get honey, sometimes you don't.
Wait was ridiculous and the the menu doesn't tell you what is in the smoothie, which I think is very odd for a "healthy" breakfast option. The greens smoothie was so sweet it was almost unbearable. My mom ordered one of the acia bowls, which is basically Sorbet ice cream and some fruit. I questioned the waitstaff on the amount of sugar in their products and we were told that there was no added sugars.... which we later found out that she meant there is stevia added to everything. The amount of sweeteners in the menu items is out of control and needs to be toned down. I would not classify anything on their menu as healthy. Thrive Should be listed as a dessert stop.
Ps frozen fruit is not live and raw....
Eh. Not really understanding all the amazing reviews. 

Me and the Hubby ordered bowls. They were ok. Nothing special. We have had our fair share in Hawaii. 

I didn't like the store set up. Making the bowls in the back? Weird. Plus the store was filthy! Fruit smeared on a chair, dirty tables, even the kid that helped us his apron was so dirty. Yuck! 

I probably won't ever go back, it was expensive and just so so. The amount of dirty just turned me off.
I love these bowls!  They are delicious and a pretty healthy alternative to ice cream.  I wish I could go more.  They're a little expensive, but I can understand when you look at all the ingredients and the time it takes to make each one.  

If you go when there are a few people ahead of you, it might be easier to come back because they do get behind really quickly.  I'm glad they make them in the little closet room with the window because it's loud in there.

The decor is decent in the front, though there are times when the tables or chairs needed wiping down but everyone's in back working hard.  The back of the store is not really well defined with boxes of ingredients and supplements.

Once, my daughter found a long blonde hair in her bowl and it grossed her out.  I think it's because of the frenzy in the blender room.  Maybe hairnets are necessary?
Definitely a fan! Ordered the Original Bowl and it was delicious! However, the wait was incredibly long for one bowl!
Yummy! My wife loves this place. I think it's a good snack. I'd probably get the free oatmeal next time to make it better.
This place is my go-to place for smoothies.  Way better and healthier (tastier too in my humble opinion) than Jamba Juice!!  Even though they're known for their acai bowls, I'm so obsessed with their smoothies that I have yet to try one...but I plan to someday.  Family owned, clean and cute inside.

Definitely try the Mango Passion and Tropical smoothies!  Really flavorful and loaded with antioxidants too.  Smoothies come in 3 sizes--kids, medium, and large with a huge straw that looks like it could suck up a small child.  ;)  Also make sure to get one of their rewards punch cards because your (my) acai addiction can get expensive!
Ok, so I finally tried their acai bowls and they're AMAZING as well!  I especially love the Strawberry Passion, Go Green, and Raspberry Pecan!
All the bowls r great. You gotta be patient tho cuz it does take a little while to get your food. I recommend calling before so by the time you get there it's a short wait. But everything they have is pretty awesome.
Decent Acai bowl at a reasonable price. Very minimalist decor.  Somewhat of a wait for our stuff.
I went to Thrive today expecting great things! I had tried an acai bowl in California and it was so good! I was excited to find out there was somewhere near my house that had acai bowls!

When I got to Thrive I ordered a small original bowl, which was $4.50. I then sat down at a table to wait for my order, thinking it would take 5-8minutes to get the small bowl prepared. Well, I ended up waiting 25+ minutes for my small bowl. Ridiculous. There were 4 people working there (at least that I saw) and 2 others in the place waiting for their orders. Why would it take so long to prepare a simple, small acai bowl?!? I have the feeling that the people working at Thrive care more about laughing and talking with their friends in the back (where they prepare the bowls) than actually helping the customers. The employees were not rude or mean but they were definitely not very friendly. 

The bowl itself was nothing spectacular. It was just ok. There were 2 pieces of strawberries and 2 pieces of sliced banana and some granola on the top of the acai. I'm not sure it was worth $4.50. Definitely not worth the 25 minute wait. I will not be retuning to Thrive anytime soon... :(
I had heard of this place from a friend but hadn't made it over since it is not close to my home. I went today for lunch & it was fantastic! I was initially concerned it wouldn't be enough food for a whole meal but it really was. 

They have a choice of 10-15 different acai bowls, which is what i was interested in. They also have smoothies. You pick a bowl flavor but can also upgrade & add a variety  of extras- like nut butter, protein powder, hemp seeds, etc. the bottom half of the bowl is the thick acai smoothie part, & the top has granola, fruit & other goodies!

I got the chocolate coconut bowl which came with almond butter & chocolate pea protein so i didn't need to do a protein ad in. The top had granola, strawberries, bananas, coconut. It was so fantastic! I loved every bite!

I hope they expand & put a location in south chandler or gilbert. I would go several times a week! But even at a 25 minute drive i will be back!
My aunt recommended this place to me. She does no sugar so this was a great SUGAR-FREE dessert. When I finally got around to trying it I was blown away!! It was absolutely amazing. It was sweet, cold, and healthy! The reason in have only given Thrive four stars is because of 1. The wait time, I usually end up waiting at least 15-40 minutes for my order  2. They have been known to make mistakes, they've gotten both my order and my aunt's order wrong before 3. It's not cheap 4. The close at 9 pm even on the weekends, which means they stop blending at 8:50. I can't express how many times I have wanted to satisfy my sweet tooth late at night (especially on the weekends) but they were already closed!! 

Overall I love Thrive and I will most likely ALWAYS be a loyal, adoring customer. I go there more frequently than I clean my kitchen...and that saying something
Usually these cups are filled to the top.....I am extremely pissed that I was cheated of the proper amount of delicious thrive. I am a valued and frequent customer. I bought FOUR and they were all like this. Unacceptable.
If the acai bowls were cheaper we would go every day, but they are a bit pricey so we reserve them for the occasional, healthy treat.  Seriously all these bowls are delicious and they reek of goodness and good health. 

If ya have a group or you plan to order more than a few it would be wise to call far enough ahead to allow the folks time to make them.  It seems they are a bit prep intensive.

Haven't tried the smoothies, still can't get by the bowls.

Four stars because of the price and the time it takes to make them, but still Thrive is a great place and we're regulars.
Go here! Get yourself an acai bowl. Thank me later!


Great service! Good prices (cheaper than most places in the valley).
The other reviews are pretty on-point: I got the Original bowl, medium sized. Strawberries, blueberries, granola and honey. It tasted fine and was refreshing, but nothing extraordinary. What really put me off was the service, as others have mentioned. I understand high school kids aren't always on their game when working a job like this - I've been there! But they moved slowly and seemed disinterested at best. I waited almost 30 minutes for my food and finally had to ask since my order had apparently gotten lost? An employee brought it out soon after I said something, but they seemed baffled that I was slightly displeased it had taken so long. I'd probably go back if I was in the vicinity but won't go out of my way again to make it back here.
Such an amazing treat! I will definitely be coming back here instead of going for an ice cream. I had the Raspberry Lime Acai bowl and it was delicious.
This place is run by rude teenagers. The orders take FOREVER, the smoothies aren't very good and if they get your order wrong, they argue with you about what you ordered. Avoid this place!
I am addicted to this stuff. I've tried many of the acai bowls and loved each one. It's just fresh and yummy. Really quite filling with the granola on top. I've had them for meals sometimes. The small bowl is enough to make me full but if you want to try it at a meal, I'd bump it up to medium. Large is way too much for one person!
This is one of my family's favorite places to grab lunch, breakfast, or a healthy snack after the gym.  We were first told about Thrive! Acai Bowls and Smoothies by some friends and decided to check it out.  Well, I can clearly see why people will wait or line up for these frozen treats- they are absolutely delicious!  Even if you aren't a "health- nut" or more of an icecream person, I would be surprised if you didn't think their Acai bowls weren't amazing also!  My wife is obsessed with the Raspberry Pecan with Hemp Protien and our little 2 year old loves the original.  It's nice that they also offer so many different sizes and variations on the current menu classics.  The only downside is that we don't have a location across the street from our house because we seem to crave them every day.  For anyone out there who wants to try something new, and healthy check this place out!  They have seats inside and an outdoor patio also.  We love this place!
The Acai bowls here are absolutely delicious- the healthy part is a big plus! I'm usually more of a carnivore, but the bowls here taste great. It can take some time to make the bowls, so I would always recommend calling ahead on your way in. The flavors are all excellent, and I'm a big fan of the original, go green, and peanut butter (my favorite) flavors.

If you haven't tried one yet, you should give it a chance!
Super yummy but super expensive!!!   I went for brunch and am still hungry after my awesome peanut butter bowl!
New favourite coffee shop. Amazing staff, food, and drinks! :) Has a great vibe and atmosphere.
Very nice.  First time here and at a raw food restaurant.  Loved the enthusiam of Xavier!   Had a good mocha and tried the raw sweets!  Loved the coconut macaroons!   Atmosphere is very relaxing with cool jazz.  Next time will try a raw meal.
Delicious and healthy!
Xavier, the Manager, will turn you on to the raw food movement after tasting his very nutritious smoothie creation.  He convinced me that all i need are vegetables and fruits and maybe some nuts.  It is that simple and it is the way.  This cafe and the people who operate it believe in wellness and giving back to the community.  It is very refreshing and wholesome.  Let's support it.
This place is amazing, Xavier is awesome and knows what i like... I get a white choclate raspberry mocha with almond milk, it is soooo yummy, all organic coffee. the customer service is awesome, highly recommend, they make you feel like part of the family, that's how comfortable it is! The food is amazing too, my favorite is the African spicy hummus you got to check this place out! they also offer free samples, how could you say no???
Every now and then I crave something light, refreshing and decidedly un-carnivorous. I've grown up in a household that always has Tahini and Braggs Amino Acid on hand and took tabouleh to school for lunch, so this style of eating isn't foreign to me. What did surprise me was the lack of creativity.

With the raw movement being hugely popular over the last couple of years, I came expect that, by now, the food had gotten a little more.. refined, so to speak; a little more creative. What I found at Raw Food Express was simple, straightforward fare. 

I ordered the zucchini wraps which was about all they had left in the cooler for the day. It was about three thin slices of zucchini wrapped around a prettily diced medley of bell peppers, radish and cauliflower. This came with a coconut water, Braggs and Tahini dipping sauce. The wraps themselves were hard to eat as they were falling apart, but the cool crunchiness was welcome after braving the 105 degree weather outside. The sauce was unbalanced. It had a slight creaminess thanks to the Tahini, but mostly it just tasted of the Braggs- salty. For these three little wraps, I paid $10. Color me unimpressed.

The only truly redeeming factor of this place is Xavier, and it seems as though he's no secret. He'll take his time with you and explain everything, making you feel very comfortable. He's fantastic!

Unfortunately, the overall experience was somewhat disappointing as those wraps were something I would have thought to make at home and I was hoping that someone who specializes in eating as a raw vegan everyday would have surprised me with their creativity. Not so. Still, it wasn't terrible. Maybe I'll have to try one of the smoothies, so I don't end up going across the street to satiate my appetite next time.
Already a favorite after my first visit.  Not only were they the friendliest staff, but the greatest in customer service as well.  On first visit they let you sample everything before you commit to your meal, & your first coffee is on the house!
Hollar!  Love this place, although it is pricey.  A small container of hummus is $7.00.  But the hummus is to die for!  I am happy they added the sign on the side of the building Raw Food Express or I would have never stepped in the door.  The gentleman at the front offered me samples galore.  I basically had a meal just sampling all the food.  They make everything fresh, they only have a few things premade for you to go and pick up.  Everyday they have a new selection of foods to sell THAT DAY.  I tried the "chicken salad wraps"  of course it was not real chicken but seriously did taste like a chicken salad.  The not so cheesecake was amazing and the coconut pastry puffs were perfection!  
Unless you want what they already have in the fridge for that day, you can not go in and order anything off the menu.  You have to call in a day or two ahead and ask them to prepare the food for you.  
If you are looking for fresh, vegan and gluten free food this is a great place to go.  Just remember to call in before to see what they have or call in to order your food for the week.  
They also serve a large variety of coffee and smoothies.  I did not try any but if it taste anything like the food, then I am sure its fantastic!
So, my vegetarian friend and I when out for some Thai food when we saw Something's Brewing Coffee House from where we had planned to eat. We noticed the sign also included "Raw Food Express" which intrigued us. After ordering, we decided we'd look this place up via Yelp to see the ratings and reviews. To our surprise, both were top notch! We both agreed that after our meal, we'd go check the place out and find something to order. We entered a few minutes shy of 7:00 and were immediately greeted by the manager, Xavier. He asked whether it was our first time, and was extremely informative and helpful in the selection process of what we should order or try. He offered us free samples of several of the treats they had-- the carob peanut butter macaroon was my absolute favorite! 

Being that we were stuffed from dinner, we settled for a hot green tea and chai tea, that Xavier had specially made to our liking. He had given us so much information about the business, the term "raw," and product information. I felt bad because business hours were over and Xavier was still catering to every need or question that we had. He truly is one who is passionate about the Vegan lifestyle and his business. I can't wait to return! I plan to pay a visit on Friday night, as we were informed later hours. Definitely recommend this place for Vegans and non-Vegans.
Just tried this place for the first time and I love it! Xavier the owner is wonderful and truly passionate about raw eating. He's so eager to educate each customer that comes in. I love that he lets you sample everything before you decide what you want and if you're eating there he doesn't make you pay until you're done eating. The prices may be higher than some like but it's not whole foods bad. Highly recommend the mock chicken wraps and zucchini wraps :)
Chef Xavier is a wonderful ambassador to the world of raw food.  The food is tasty, fresh and delicious.  He recommends going to the cafe website to look at the menu, and calling ahead to place your order, so that it can be ready for you upon arrival.  Or, if you pop in on the spur of the moment, you can select something fresh from the deli case.  For those who want help improving the nutrition in their diet, he offers a smoothie program.  He makes a delicious smoothie called "The Works" that contains many different vegetables but tastes absolutely delicious and refreshing.
After meeting the owner or chef and she kept going on and on about how the food was healthier and way more tastefull, I had to give it a try. (I am not vegetarian) 

I have to say that the food was full of flavor. I tried this desert of somesort it had nuts in it. I tried the hummus and I have never had hummus before so I was kind of scared.... but it was delicous. Like I just wanted to keep eating and eating. 

Next time if I can I will try 1 of everything.. lol jp

I would highly reccomend this place if you just want a snack or something new to try..

:)
Place is AWESOME! They let you sample EVERYTHING! I think my favorite item is the Sweet lemon pepper Hummus!  Paired with baked sweet potato chips. I also love the pesto quiche!(sp?) My vegetarian boyfriend really enjoyed the mock chicken wraps. We were very impressed with the service Mr Xavier showed us and we were able to meet Chef Shar. It is a family run business and they have a lot of passion for what they do. I'm so glad it is a health-conscious joint and I'm looking forward to new items. :)
A bit out of the way  to get to if you are visiting on the strip, but if you are a hard-core Raw Foodie, it is worth the drive. the menu is quite limited, but what is there is very well prepared and flavored. I think it's one of the best raw food friendly eateries in the valley.
Generally they will offer you a free sample of anything before you buy! That shows they stand behind their food, as they should.

They also have a little shop with a few things to buy.
I am so sad that I may be moving back to LA now that I've discovered Raw Food Express, I'm seriously considering living in Vegas "part-time"...if that even makes sense. Whatever, I'll figure it out.

After reviewing the menu online and having my mind set on the BlackJack 21 Salad, I drove a few blocks down to the Cafe. I was immediately greeted enthusiastically by Xavier and then Rosa took care of my order. When I realized how small the container for the salad was, I was a bit worried that I wouldn't be satisfied. Rosa insisted that it may look small, but the various, nutritious contents will keep my stomach (and brain) happy. However, she also cheerfully gave me samples of a few other items if I wanted to try anything else, just in case. 

5 samples later...

Damn. I am definitely coming back for the tacos, mock chicken salad wraps, zucchini wraps, and the macaroons. I ended up taking home the Blackjack 21 and Labenese Salad, both delicious but I can't take my mind off of the taco sample Rosa slipped me...curses! I'll be back.

p.s. You can tell everyone here is very passionate about the raw food lifestyle. Xavier chatted a few customers up, including me, about his own weight loss experience (215lbs to 140lbs I believe he said) by cutting out animal products and including his WoRx smoothies in his diet, and the foundation of the food and philosophy of the place. He is patient with everyone's questions and answers every curious inquiry thoroughly.
Stopped at Raw Food Express for a Meet Up group and was there on the wrong day or so I thought. It was the wrong day as the meeting was set for the up coming day but it wasn't the wrong day to meet Xavier and his welcoming spirit.

Raw is such a cool atmosphere I ended up engaged in a great conversation with a very nice young man, enjoyed a green smoothie and took home a wonderful Kale salad. 

My advice would be to stop by on purpose try the samples and enjoy the great food and wonderful hospitality of Xavier. I do plan on coming back to Raw for more of their wonderful food as well as my friends and family members I shared the tasty Kale salad with!
Not Raw, and not Express! The name raw food express is everything this place isn't. The only thing express about it, is that it is expressly slow, and they are expressly dishonest! Raw this place is not! Everyone is raving about Xavier. Sure he is nice to your face, and that is because he is lying to it! Xavier flat out lied to my face about the ingredients in the food. My Ice tea tasted horrible, like chemical store bought processed sugar crap!!!! Crap that I don't drink, for various reasons...blood sugar issues being just one of them. Xavier said the tea was made with lime juice, cinnamon, and hibiscus. The real truth is that it is colored Fresh and Easy Limeade...possibly colored with hibiscus...but I doubt that at this point. We saw them bring in at least 20 bottles of the limeade from the store. We asked Xavier multiple times if it was store bought limeade in the tea, he kept insisting it was fresh squeezed. (This is while we were watching the girl put the limeade in the fridge) He went on to brag about he was creating his own line of teas. We kept insisting that lime juice is not sweet like he was telling us. He just insisted that that is why his line of teas was the best because he "could do things that others couldn't do". I believe that "thing" is called "lie". Or maybe that "thing" was buy some Crystal Light and mix it with some limeade. I could do that at home if I wanted to, but I wouldn't because that is NOT HEALTHY!!!!!!!!!!

I don't believe that Xavier eats raw food, or even healthy in general.  If  he did, he would understand why people care about what goes in their bodies and would not lie to them about it. He told one customer that he doesn't eat vegetables, that's why he blends them. What healthy person doesn't eat vegetables??!!!!!!!!! I would not trust the smoothies from this place any way. Probably made from Kool Aid, and canned vegetables or something.

They also don't make the food they sell there. I'm not sure if Chef Sharon makes anything, and if she does, she doesn't make it there. Why else was there a chef there that was talking to xavier about bringing food in to sell? He was clearly not familiar with the raw food concepts. 

I had to drive way out of the way to give this place a chance. I really wanted to support a small business, that was promoting health and raw food. I am very disappointed in this place, and very angry that I was lied to!
Loved the mock crab cakes that came with a refreshing celery and corn salad. The crab cakes paired off nicely with a dill dipping sauce.

First timers get half off on tea and smoothies, which was a sweet deal.

The place is pretty small. When I came there was a group of 15 people having a meeting about the benefits of RAW foods and were hogging all the tables. But no worries! There were patio tables that I enjoyed my lunch at. I'd definitely come back again.
This place is Great! If you are. Super indecisive and don't know what to order no worries Xavier will literally let you try a sample of everything! Try the lemon pepper hummus soooo good! And the mock chicken wraps never disappoint.
Super friendly family owned business. Great lettuce wraps and healthy smoothies. Excited to see them grow and offer a larger selection of ready to go food!

Xavier is the bomb! Always wanting to educate his patrons and bring a smile to their faces. I've never gone in there and not left without feeling happier than when I went in :)
I came here right after my workout at LVAC. The customer service was overall good. 
I had asked about explanations of the reasons they choose their ingredients but they were all rather vague promoting this whole idea that acidic foods will really mess you up.. When entirely your blood pH never changes that often.
I believe they got the idea right just, their reasoning could use more accurate detailed answers. ( I am a Medical Laboratory Technician )

But yes the important thing is the food! There is no meat, I have no problems with that anyways.

I'm surprised at how filled I was from their mock chicken. I thought I had to buy 2 plates the first plate filled me, the last plate I had to force down.

To get an idea of the cost.. For 2 plates and the smoothie it was 28 with tax.

I appreciate how much fiber and flavor the food had.
Along with their fresh juice, I sorta wish they made it on the spot instead of refrigerated to get me more nutritional value out of it.

Overall, I like the place its nice, clean, Fast, and healthy. You can pig out with guilt. Lol

Important tip is they open at Noon!!! Grr
Food here is ehhh. But the prepackaged food also kinda irked me. I'd rather see the chef prepare it or set my plate after I order it. Out of all the things I tried (sampled: kale salad, chipotle taco, crab cakes, bought: mock chicken wraps, and zucchini wrapped hummus) I only enjoyed the chipotle taco.

the items are really small for the price, and mainly just doesnt taste that good. 

Like your mock chicken and crab should taste something like the meat its pretending to be right? 

I just felt like a bird eating all those seeds.
I can't say enough great things about this place. I love Raw food express and I can't imagine how anyone could ever have anything bad to say about this place. I have been coming here for over a month now, pretty much on a daily basis. Xavier is awesome! very helpful and can answer any question you have regarding the food and ingredients. I don't believe anything here is "pricey" you are getting raw organic fresh ingredients, so yes, you can go to McDonald's and pay 5 dollars for a Big Mac,Fries and soda which has no nutritional benefit for you and you are basically putting chemicals and toxins in your body or you can pay 10 dollars for a plate of natural organic ingredients. Quality does cost more and is worth it if you care about what goes into your body. As far as the smoothies/juices there, the great thing about them is Xavier blends the whole foods in the vitamix blender rather than pulverizing and extracting them into a juice, which keeps them from oxidizing as quickly. Thus all the nutrition and fiber is retained and you can buy one and let it sit in your fridge for a few days. I think we definitely need more places like this in Vegas that cater to the Vegan community.
This place is amazing and all the food is BOMB! I've never tried anything I didn't like. It's all healthy, guilt free, and surprisingly filling!! The master Chef Xavier is not only sweet and friendly, he makes some kick ass food. I've done several diet programs with him and if you follow his orders they really work!!! He's helped me lose weight and I'm working with him now to continue meeting my health goals. So thankful to have a restaurant like this near me!!
The zucchini wraps were REALLY good. 

They let you taste items before you purchase, which is awesome. The prices are a bit high, but it's all raw food so that's not a big surprise. 

The location is small and the checkout process seems like a sales transaction which was kind of annoying but he was still really nice so that made up for it.

I can't decide if I'll go back or not. If I have some extra cash I might because it's a quick way to eat a healthy lunch.
Very good vegan food to go. You can eat there but the space is small. It's more like a pick up food place. The food was great!!! All vegan and great staff. Food is made fresh every day and ready to go when ordered.
Awesome customer service; very friendly staff. Chef comes out to greet you when you walk in. You can sample anything and everything on the menu before you buy it, so it's hard to have a bad experience. Ordered the tacos, crab cakes, and chocolate coconut drink - filled up two people and tasted out of sight. Will definitely return here and recommend it to others.
This chef actually gave me a speech about how there is no scientific evidence that GMO's are unsafe.  This Chef actually wanted to debate with me about O R G A N I C foods.  I walked in and I had 1 simple question.   Do you use O R G A N I C ingredients at all? This was my first and last time I will ever set foot in that place.  He was very cocky and full of pride as he pointed to a machine on the shelf above him... he washes away all the pesticides,  said that he ONLY USES  CONVENTIONAL ingredients and doesn't believe in anything  O R G A N I C.  He was very rude.  He talked over me as I explained that conventional vegetables and fruits, etc. have been modified with DNA that modifies DNA in our bodies... didn't even let me finish, instead he continued his speech that it is washed away... YOU CANNOT WASH AWAY MUTANT DNA that was injected in the seeds and the plants to make it frankenfood... SPREAD THE WORD!!
The food and smoothies here are perfect!  They are very warm and helpful.  I always have a good experience every time. Love this place!
This place is fantastic! Lots of healthy options from a very knowledgable and friendly staff. I highly recommend the Mock Tacos entree and the curried chickpea salad. The Jamaican Hibiscus iced tea is also to die for.
Raw food express is definitely a place you wanna check out if you're trying to stay healthy. They have a great selection of vegetarian food & juices that are quite healthy. The neat thing about this place is that they let you sample their menu before you purchase their food. Everything is fresh & tastes delicious. The owners are very friendly as well as their chef! The hours for this restaurant are weird but if you catch them while they are open stop in!
Totally agree with everything said before me! I drove from Henderson to get my hair done at Platinum Hair studio (Which was also amazing and got everything i asked for) and while i was waitinf i tried out this place! I was impressed that Xavier was greeting people by thier first name and knew right off the bat i have never been there before! Their were so many options and i really wanted a coffee drink, but passed since i'm trying to whiten my teeth. I asked him just to make me something good, so he made the same drink for me as the lady before and i'm glad he did! Filled with veggies and fruit including califlower and zucchini! Two veggies i usually can't stand!!! I told them my mama would be proud of me for finally eating my veggies! It was deliciousness in a cup ;) Will definitely stop by again when i'm on that side of town!
The couple who own & work the store are so nice and love what they do. One of them enthusiastically explained to us all of the different ingredients and health benefits/uses for their "elixirs" and let us sample all of them. They all tasted like really flavorful juice and were DELICIOUS. You could slightly taste the vitamins as an aftertaste, but my friend and I really didn't mind (according to the owner, they had 100-something different fruits & vegetables and a ton of different vitamins inside). You can mix them any way you want to suit your health needs OR what simply tastes good to you. A refreshing 12oz drink was $6.

I didn't get any food, but I read the menu which looks pretty delicious (ALL VEGAN!). Most importantly, it seems like everything is super affordable. Definitely gotta go back to try the menu.
Thanks RFE for stirring up my yummy cup of goodness!

I was brought here with a local who recently found this gem and wanted to fix me up since I'm suffering from a random cold.

Whats up doc, jamaican hibiscus tea and berry citrus greens mixed up together... I highly recommend!

Lots of health benefits with anything you walk out with from here.

Cute couple running the business and very informative. 

$6 for what I like to call "a fix me up in a cup" :)

If you're into eating clean and healthy... this spot is for you!

I'm a fan!
-Miss Yelp 2014
If u raw food lover this is for you. I loved the woman that was serving us , so kind and welcoming 
They have amazing feature for raw food place  - tasting menu
I personally liked chickpea salad and crab cake !
I love the fact that there is a raw food place near where I live. the staff is very friendly and helpful as other reviews have pointed out. I would like it better if it was open longer and on wknds. this place is my first and only exposure to raw food restaurant. the food is about what I expected. it was decent. but then again I have nothing to compare to as far as another raw food restaurant. I found it a bit overpriced tho. I mean, they don't have to cook anything.... So why so pricey???
Great addition to the neighborhood!  Owner was super helpful/friendly and gave the husband and I free samples of all the juices before we purchased. 

Tried all the different kinds of hummus and they were great.  

Next time going to come hungrier and try the mock chicken.
5stars for sure. I have so much respect for the owners for opening this place! Its awsome. Cute little health &wealth fast food spot. Great vibes in here. I like the chickpea salad & broccoli stirfry. Cant forget to get dessert the macroons are delish. We need places like this everywhere! And in my opinion its not overpriced at all. For 11$ you get a big plate of RAW nutritional delicious FOOD!!
The staff here are super friendly and accommodating. They are happy to answer any questions and offered me a free sample late to help me decide. The curried chickpea salad and broccoli and mushroom salad were wonderful; savory and full of flavor. I had the peanut and coconut macaroons for dessert, and I had to resist the temptation to get a dozen of them boxed up to take home. They also have various juice tonics which I wi have to try in the future.
Like another reviewer said, I found it really disappointing that they don't use organic/non-GMO products (I did see they have organic lemonade) - not even in their juices/elixirs. I used to come here a lot when my co-workers signed up for a juicing cleanse package they offered.

This is why I don't understand their prices. If you aren't buying organic and non-GMO, why are your prices so high? I could go to Whole Foods and get a custom juice for the same price that IS organic and non-GMO. I'm not going to get into a cost vs health debate here, but I bring this up because I was also told someone that worked here that organic and non-GMO weren't essential to a juice cleanse. Any of the foremost authorities on juicing for health will tell you different: Gerson, Wahls, etc. 

To add something nice, Xavier is awesome. He is very friendly and kind. He will let you try everything and thoroughly explain it to you. He always has a welcoming smile and great attitude. I almost feel bad writing this review because I do not want it to reflect on him in any way. 

I really really want to like this place. I appreciate what they are trying to do. Overall, the prepared foods all were cool concepts, but really lacked flavor - same for the juices. I didn't care for them at all. And I WOULD be willing to pay more for organic and non-GMO.
So far this is a incredibly tranquil and friendly experience. However I will review as I go. I've ordered a combination plate and have chosen the crab cakes and zucchini wraps with extra artichoke and spinach hummus. .....I am awaiting the arrival of the order and am excited.   Ok so my food has come and it's freaking delicious... End of review..5 stars for this place. Hope it sticks around!!
Simply spectacular! The couple that owns the place are just incredibly friendly, they offer a little sample platter FREE because they're so confident about their menu. Every single bite of food on that plate was incredible! The other customer there raved about it telling me all the best items.  She said the food has what other local places are missing...FLAVOR! And se was right! Also, be sure you get their juice! It's amazing!
My first experience was above and beyond! The owner was amazing! Super friendly service. Food is amazing. Can't wait to come back for more.
Nice work.. especially in Vegas ! Great food and truly unique. Will be returning. Anytime someone is making it their life's mission to help people, the planet, reduce animal suffering and essentially support  the future of mankind in such a profound and foundational way, I'm a fan.
passionate and friendly service, delicious healthy food at a very fair price. I'll definitely be back soon!
Big news: there is now a Tempe location of Thrive. So if you've been dying to go, but Gilbert is too far away, you now have no excuse. Go immediately. Even if you don't live near Tempe either, it's worth the trip. And even if you've never heard of Thrive or acai bowls, you should still go.

Whether you are a superfood enthusiast or so clueless about this stuff that you think it's pronounced ah-kay, you will not regret going to Thrive. (Its ah-sigh-yee by the way.)

I, a vegan, took my Big-Mac-eating boyfriend, and we ordered a chocolate peanut butter acai bowl. I immediately loved the think, creamy, rich taste and texture of the acai blended with homemade peanut butter and pure cacao topped with fresh fruit (never frozen at this place, don't worry) and simple, crunchy granola. Although my boyfriend insisted that he wouldn't like my "weird vegan stuff", we were definitely fighting over the last few bites. So go immediately, and drag as many friends as you can.

Side note: even though it's a bit pricey, it's because the ingredients are such high quality. And as an added plus, they have a rewards system, so GO NOW. And as often as possible.
I've never had an Acai bowl before... I didn't know they were in Gilbert also, because I've never been. I really thought the staff was great, the sample I received was amazing and what I ended up ordering (an AMAZING homemade peanut butter acai bowl) was absolutely delicious. I have a feeling I'll be a regular and hope I can recruit as many of my friends as possible to go there. It has a nice atmosphere and felt really inviting. They even have offered me a gluten free option which though I'm not allergic to gluten was really happy about because a couple of my friends are. 

So glad this place is in my area of town and that I stopped in to check it out.
I've see Acai before but didn't know what it was. Thrive is more than a smoothie bar, the Acai bowls are tasty and better for you than ice cream! The CR500 weight loss program they offer works as well....so far I've lost 15 pounds in  21 days!  Thanks Marcy!
As an Orange County native, I had the luxury of eating acai bowls for breakfast, lunch, and dinner if I wanted; however, acai bowls are a rarer commodity in Arizona. Thus, I was so excited to learn that Thrive had just open a location in Tempe. The acai bowls are to die for...unless you prefer the taste of artificial flavors over real fruit. Don't order a small because you'll definitely want to eat more!!
After the demise of the Argentinian sandwich shop here, I wondered what business would take the place in this location.  I was naturally intrigued when I found out that there would be a smoothie and acai bowl place opening up in its stead. I think this is a great location for acai bowls, since Sprouts is just a few steps away, bringing in the more health-conscious crowd.  I went in with high hopes of getting a healthy, fruitful bowl.

There are quite a few bowls to choose from, some of them fruity, others more dessert-like, with peanut butter and chocolate.  I opted for a fruitier bowl, getting the tropical.  This was my first time trying an acai bowl, and it was quite tasty.  The bottom layer was a smooth, thick acai puree/sorbet-like mixture, which tasted berry-like.  There was crunchy, sweet granola layered in between the acai and the tropical fruit (Banana, mango, and pineapple), with large, thin shaved pieces of coconut completing the bowl. The granola itself was a high quality mixture, containing ingredients such as flax seed. The bowl was a nice mixture of textures and of tastes.  I ordered a small (About $5), and it definitely filled me up!

Service was very friendly, and they offer a points reward system which uses your e-mail to keep track of your purchases.  The interior is pretty bare-bones, and it seems like they kept much of the same color scheme as the previous owner.

Definitely a good place to go if you're looking for a healthier alternative to dessert, or if you want a lighter (Yet filling) meal for breakfast, lunch, or dinner!
OMG!! I cannot express into words nor articulate the immense amount of PURE JOY I felt running through my veins when I saw there was an acai bowl place right next to my beloved sprouts I frequently more often than I am proud to admit :). I just about flew inside to place my order. I was greeted right away, MAJOR POINTS and feasted my eyes upon the menu-  only wish they had take out menus available so I cold take advantage of their option to call ahead and  place an order. You can tell by the inside decor that they are just starting up and have yet to complete their overall design vision, but they have a cute comfy couch and a few supplements on the shelf, but needless to say, they offer superb service and a great product, so who really cares if the walls are cream white or sunshine yellow??
Best acai bowl in Arizona! Jamba Juice acai toppers don't count...I think they blend grapes into theirs which really thins them out. Thrive makes them perfectly and uses fresh, ripe fruit. I would come here everyday but my wallet would protest. It is a bit of a splurge for a broke college student but definitely worth it. Friendly staff and great acai bowls!
My husband and I went in for a sample and were blown away with how delicious, fresh and healthy these bowls are. We are heading there tonight for a first time, full helping of a bowl. I love the fact that they use pea protein and whole ingredients. They also offer gluten free granola as a topping and all their bowls are naturally dairy free. This will definitely be my frozen-yogurt replacement!
THRIVE...IN TEMPE?! As in, we don't have to make a weekly voyage to Gilbert for a bowl of all things pure and wonderful? I'll eat to that. Their expanded menu, simplified bowl sizes, and convenient location are all improvements from the original location, which was already worthy of copious amounts of praise.

If you don't know what an acai bowl is, use the appeal of the mystery to transport yourself there. If you do know, be warned: Thrive beats the Brazilian version, the SoCal version, and everything in between when it comes to mastering the acai bowl. Addiction is definitely in your future.

With flavors like blackberry walnut, chocolate coconut, and every super-food add-in under the sun, it's no wonder this college-town newcomer is already a total hit amongst hippies, hipsters, and sorostitutes alike. With enough support, perhaps my ultimate dream of Thrive running every crappy FroYo place into the ground might just come true.
A co-worker of mine sent me a link to this restaurants website, and since she knows that I am trying to eat more "healthy", recommended this place as a healthy alternative for lunch.  So after about a week and half of hemming and hawing, I finally decided to give the place a try.

I ordered a regular raspberry, pecan bowl, with pea protein, whey protein, and extra granola . . . won't lie . . . thought it was kinda pricey for what I ordered . . . over $10.00.
Since the place is extremely small . . . three tables and a two seat bar counter inside, and two table outside . . . and with no place to sit, I got my order to go.

30 MINUTES LATER . . . My order finally was ready . . . definitely needs more than two people working and more seating if this place is going to be successful . . . even the UPS man who was delivering a package left after 10 minutes of not even being acknowledged.

Oh well . . . after a short trip back to the office, I sat down to enjoy my acia bowl . . . and I was pleasantly suprised . . . I was really, really good.  Very tasty, just the right balance of smoothness, crunchiness, and sweetness.

Will I be back . . . probably . . . but if all of the seating is taken, and / or there are people waiting in line to order . . . I will probably go somewhere else.
Good stuff and very refreshing
The first thing I thought when I heard about this place is finally a place near campus that is actually fresh and healthy.  Unfortunately the customer service is awful. It is a tiny awkward store front.  Not somewhere I would sit down with friends like you would at a yogurt shop.  There are literally 3 tables and not even a menu posted on the wall.  There were literally 3 people working and they took forever to fill an order of 2 items.  Its a great idea and the product is good but with bad service, lack of menu on the wall, and terribly slow service I dont think it will be around for long.
It's a smoothie, in a bowl, so more frozen, with nothing but GENUINELY healthy ingredients, but it doesn't taste "eww, healthy"  !!   Yes, it is somewhat more expensive than ice cream or a frozen yogurt, but it really is due to the quality of ingredients. NO fillers, no dairy, no sugar, no "fake" sweeteners... your body will truly thank you.   
And really, you have to get a BIIIGGG bowl with lots of extra stuff to get the price up over $10... It would be a serious M E A L ....
Just got back from Thrive.  I got the blackberry bowl.

It was really tart, which I guess I should have expected from blackberries.  And then there was the sorbet with granola and some fruit on top.  It tasted like...  sorbet with granola.

And that's fine.  I don't see why everyone is raving about Thrive, but the bowl I got was okay.  I wouldn't be averse to eating at Thrive again, but I won't go out of my way to do so.
I was here at 9 and according to Yelp and Google, they were "Open". According to the locked door and the stacked chairs they were not open. I guess I'll wait around a while...

Doors opened at 10 after and didn't get my bowl until 9:35 due to the one employee and line of 20 people. I think I'll pass on coming to this location. The Gilbert one has plenty of help and seems to open on time.
LOVE ME SOME ACAI! 

Thrive has got a great little store front with catchy slogans and what not. The menu is awesome and I definitely suggest the green bowl. 

I'm not sure how I feel about the set up with the kitchen in the back and all but I'll forgive them for taking so long on an acai bowl because it was really really good. 

I may try the gluten free granola next time because whatever they use regularly is quite light and crunchy. I also think they should potentially get vita-mix's or industrial type blenders rather than the little bullets I saw them using. I had a huge chunk of acai  on the bottom of my bowl & it just seems like blenders would be more useful honestly.
Finally got to try Thrive Acai (thank you Groupon!) on our way to the Sprouts next door. I got the Chocolate Coconut Bowl and the bf got the Chocolate Cherry. They were both great, though I liked mine a bit better since it had pea protein, which gave it a smooth yummy texture. The ladies at the counter were knowledgeable and helpful, even though we came in about 10 minutes before closing. 
Took off one star due to the bowl taking a little long to make, and the whole place smelling really strongly like the nail salon next door. They mentioned something about fixing the ventilation soon. I hope so, I plan to go back soon!
Delicious, filling, healthy. I will be back!
Acai bowls were delicious but the wait was a bit long!
I've never tried an Acai Bowl before. I found this place on yelp and decided to try it on a whim. The young lady at the counter was friendly and knowledgeable. I tried the Go Green bowl because she said that's one of her favorites. I'm glad I took her advice. It was delicious and affordable. Under $6 for a small (yet filling) bowl and a bottled water. The place has a nice laid back atmosphere with good music playing. I'm definitely coming back again.
Following our Rappel AZ experience we were looking for a snack after lunch... We were looking for a Jamba, and stumbled across thrive. Much Fresher, no sugar, and absolutely perfect fruit based dessert....  I would highly recommend frequenting here..
I'll be honest, I had absolutely no idea what an acai bowl was up until now. That being said, of course, I had to try Thrive! to find out what it was all about. For anyone else that was confused like me out there, it is basically a smoothie in a bowl. Think a yogurt parfait but with acai sorbet instead since they are dairy, soy, and sugar free. It was very good. I love the tart taste of acai and the fruit that they used was fresh. The staff was patient while I took my time trying to decide what I wanted to order. No line at all on a Monday around noon. I wouldn't go so far to say it is a meal but rather a delicious treat and healthier than other possible options.
Finally came to try this place and I am very happy with the Go Green bowl! I think the only green part of it is the spinach, but it was still delicious. 
4 stars because I was hoping for more of a yogurt style than a sorbet (which is mixed with cane sugar) but then vegans and lactose intolerants wouldn't be able to enjoy it also, so that's fair! Will definitely come back. 
Also, it's really not that expensive. I mean for 7 bucks I had my regular-sized bowl as a meal. Totally worth it!! 
The girls were all super awesome and explained everything to me since it was my first time in. :)
People that work in this place are super nice ordered the chocolate peanut butter protein shake and it was bomb will be back again if I'm in need if a healthy snack that is still delicious
Their mediums are huge! I couldn't even finish mine. 

Came here on a Saturday early evening, around 5. No one in line in front of us, but it still took a good 10-15 minutes to get our bowls. Not the end of the world, but slightly inconvenient. 

Once we received them, though... 

I got the Tropical and the mister, the Original. I think I might have liked mine better, but his was pretty tasty as well. Delicious granola. Super sweet, but only natural sugars. When we were waiting, we saw one of the girls leave with a bunch of reusable grocery bags, and come back from Sprouts about 20 minutes later with two bags completely full. Their fruit is definitely fresh. 

We'll be back, and order smalls next time.
The bowls are unique as well as the smoothies. They have a great variety. The staff is helpful and place is upbeat. The only thing I would leave out is the whey or pea protein. I don't know what kind they use but it gives everything a funky taste. Would recommend and would go again.
The peanut butter acai smoothie was scrumptious and not too sweet, which was perfect for me. However, I don't feel it was worth $7 (12-16 oz?) and the 15 minute wait. There were about 5 customers in the store and everyone seemed to be waiting. Maybe they were short staffed, so it's worth giving them another try and a revised review. Till next time...
This is the perfect stop for a yummy, guilt-free meal with soooo many varieties and choices, I want to try them all but I definitely have favorites.  The add-ons make it that much healthier and they do punch cards!  The people are super friendly and phone orders make ordering on the go so easy.
Be careful if you are trying to "be healthy" here. I can't imagine that caloric impact these bowls impart.  SO MUCH ADDED SUGAR. Natural sugar too... but even that much natural sugar can't be good.

Make your own shake or ask what is in each item, cause you will be downing 1/2 a days worth of calories in one gulp, if you aren't careful.
when you walk in the door the color scheme is a lot like jamba juice but they got half way there and stopped.  so it is left looking less like a healthfood/smoothie place and more like a commercial doctors office.  you have to ask what is in each smoothie as the ingredients are nowhere to be found.  I was hoping to see sugar and calorie counts.  a large smoothie seems half the size of jambas and cost a lot more.  there is a window where you can see the workers in back all having a good time and barely working on your order and I was told the owner was there!  the tropical smoothie I got was so so.  wont be back.
Acai bowls are my newest and truest addiction. Thrive knows how to whip up an amazing bowl! 
    The inside is pretty sparse with the big menus, several tables and a couple of couches and an area to buy powders on display. The colors are loud and fun, kind of like their ingredient combos! 
     The girl at the counter was really nice and the wide window looking in to the back where the kitchen is a cool touch. I ordered the chocolate peanut butter Acai bowl and my friend got their new Pitaya (dragonfruit) bowl. You can get a small, medium, or large bowl and considering how hungry we were we decided on mediums. These are generous helpings for $8! 
   Our bright bowls came out and mine was full of pb, Acai, chocolate pea protein powder, hemp protein, bananas and strawberries. This was rich, filling and oh so good. 
   My only "negative" is that they don't have much outdoor seating, when the weather was as beautiful as today everyone would want to sit outside and eat their treats! They have smoothies as well, they look thick and delicious as well, but they have stolen my heart when it comes to bowls!
Grouponed here, great dessert and good service.

You will find the decor and seating a little basic, and the prices a little high.

However, they use high-quality ingredients, healthy stuff, and serve huge portions so it's not really that pricey from that perspective.  Check out their menu online first, since they have a lot of options.
Acai is the new froyo?

I joined the line for a free acai bowl mostly because I never queue for free anything and thought my bucket list should include doing so just once.

The atmosphere is sort of the mullet of snack shops: Jamba Juice-like in the front and medical-office-like in the back. For a while in the line, I was worried that I'd accidentally queued for free botox or pedicures or weird treatments that involved cucumbers and mild electric currents.

The acai bowl, when finally achieved, was really good. It's sweet-tart in a refreshing way -- it does actually taste roughly the red-purple shade that it is -- as it's basically a fruit smoothie soft-serve. The five-ounce bowl comes with slices of banana, berries, and a sprinkling of granola that's useful for absorbing the last melted bits of soft-serve. In the relentless sun of suburban Tempe, it has the magic taste of feeling about five years younger, deeply wise and earnest (if not actually in touch with the spirit of yoga masters), and in need of flowing garments with fringes.

When not a free offering, these are ungodly expensive. They're probably also little calorie bombs on the same scale as froyo.

If I were at this shopping center again, I'd have another on my own dime because Tempe is, for me, a vast beige suburban wasteland of dehydration that I need Calories of Refreshing Happiness to endure, and these calories are extremely refreshing and happy. If it were where I change buses on the way home from work, though, it wouldn't be a habitual stop.
Organic, full of antioxidants, and just refreshing and delicious! Thrive has 15 different acai bowls to choose from and also has smoothies! Today I had the Go Green bowl and it was so tasty. I always feel so refreshed after eating here.
Yummy, healthy...love it!!!
I didn't think the acai bowls were that great..I came here twice and had the original and the green bowl. I mean they tasted good it was sweet and refreshing on a hot winter day in February, but I honestly could make the same thing myself but healthier with less added sugar, (and extra spinach/kale and flaxseed) and cheaper (a small came to $5 something). Which is exactly what I did lol. It's just a personal preference thing I guess, for smoothies I always prefer to make them myself cause I know what's going in and how much sugar I'm getting, whereas at Jamba Juice it's like getting sorbet. Same concept for these. Worker was very friendly though.
Had the extreme green smoothie and mango passion smoothie, soooooo delicious and nutritious!! Mmmmmm
This place is incredible! All of the acai bowls are amazing. My favorite is the "original" and I add in almond butter and extra granola. They offer a large variety of "add ins". My stomach was acting funny one week and I had them add probiotics and I felt great after! The service is great and they are always happy to answer any nutrition information. There is no dairy/yogurt or ice added to any blend, so I'm not sure how they do it but everything tastes so fresh and delicious! It is worth the money.
I love this place but it's just a bit too expensive for me to become a regular here. However, many people have contested that Acai berries are just expensive to begin with so I won't deduct any stars in my review.

Medium bowls are about $8, and large bowls are around $10. Large bowls are great for sharing between two people though.

It's always fresh and clean here, and the service is always great. I love that they have a window to the kitchen. I don't love that the place smells like a nail polish remover.
Thrive is amazing! The bowls are delicious and healthy! I would not recommend anyone to try the protein shakes, they are extremely chalky and not at all tasty. The employees were kind and accommodating. My sister got a shake and wanted more strawberries because she couldn't taste them. They agreed with enthusiasm and added more strawberries with out any extra charge!

I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. Every bowl that I have tried has been delicious!
DELICIOUS! I love that they have gluten free granola! My fav is the cherry bowl. I wish they would get the previous to go covers for the bowls because all of the honey sticks to the lid /: But other then that the staff is great, bowls are yummy, and protein shakes a little chalky but good (:
The service is great. The selection of the bowls is great. The fact that they use organic fruits is great. 

My big problem is that they use a pea protein blend and unfortunately, I didn't catch this until they were already working on my bowl, the protein mix they use is loaded with sugar. This completely takes away from the healthiness of these bowls. I will not return to the place unless they change their ingredients to include ONLY natural sweeteners and I will not recommend it to anyone. Very disappointed in this product.
Loved my bowl! I stay away from Whey Protein so the fact they use Pea Protein is a huge bonus.

The only con I have is that it took around 25 minutes to get my bowl. Granted it was the rush hour, I believe the reason was lack of employees.

Will be back!
I've been to Thrive twice now, ordered a bowl the first time & a protein smoothie the other. The bowl was alright / pretty good. I liked the smoothie-like consistency & taste of the blend at the bottom of the bowl but didn't care much for the granola & fruit which is why I got the protein smoothie the next time. I wasn't a huge fan of the after taste. I like the concept of this place, however, so I'll probably go back. I'd like to try one the regular smoothies to see how that stacks up!
I love Thrive. It's always clean inside, the staff is always friendly, and the acai bowls are consistently amazing! It is pricey though,  which is the only downfall.
I have heard so many talk about how much they love acai bowls.  I don't have a sweet tooth so I was never so inclined to go try it.  My sister however has a sweet tooth and is on a health binge.  We decided to check this place out for a healthy snack and we were so satisfied and happy! The fruits are super fresh, granola is to die for, and the acai smoothie at the bottom was yummmmy! If you're looking to be really healthy the acai bowl is a good meal replacement.
So delicious and such a nice alternative to ice cream. Can eat it for a meal or have it as a healthy treat. My kids love it
Not impressed.  I feel like I just paid too much for frozen yogurt with fruit on top.  The bowl I had was a cherry walnut, and it was okay.  It definitely didn't blow my mind.  The fact that they have all of their vitamins and supplements in bottled powder or liquid form tells me their idea of nutrition is a little off base.  Also - I realize this isn't entirely their fault, but there is a nail salon next door and the odor of acetone coming through into their shop is - overwhelming!  I don't see how anyone eats in there, it was nauseating.  The smell of chemicals isn't really synonymous with the healthy image they're trying to create.  Also the atmosphere is a bit clinical... The shop is very sparse, so sound just echoes everywhere and it's just kind of awkward.  
All in all, I'd say this place is "eh" at best... If you're looking for something that is really healthy - go to Chop Shop or Green.