I hate myself for reviewing Dominos, but I have to give props to this location for their awesome service and incredible speed. A++++ service - friendly, helpful, and enjoyable.  Definitely not what you'd expect from a carryout chain pizza place.

The "all new" pizza that the commercials boast about tastes exactly like the "old" pizza to me.  Perhaps there's a bit more garlic flavor to the crust, but otherwise seems to be the same 'ole Dominos pie.

Pricey, too. A 14" Brooklyn with 3 toppings and a pair of chocolate lava cakes was $25. Ouch!!! Same deal from Papa Johns would've cost $15.

I usually eat Dominos pizza about once every 2 years. Even with the "all new" pizza, I don't think I'll be sampling with any more frequency.

Summary:

Service = 5 stars (awesome folks working here, seriously!)
Food = 2 stars (despite being "all new" it still tastes the same to me)
Value = 1 stars (extremely pricey for take-out pizza)
Misc = 5 stars (online ordering is the best system ever)
Pretty ok pizza dudes.  Not the best location, just off Main street, they share a tiny building with Country Hearth bread store, and a new gyro place.  Teeny tiny parking lot.  That is all.
Wow.  What a bunch of stoners.
I had mentioned in a separate review that, per the website, this Pizza Pit doesn't have mac-and-cheese pizza. Well, I went to get some gyros (they have a mini greek restaurant inside, apparently, called Athens) and saw on the board that they DO have the mac/cheese pizza. I stand corrected. 

On to the gyros. The actual Greek restaurant in town is closed on Mondays, so we came here for our fix. We got gyros only, no fries (there aren't a lot of options, that might be it right there). They come with tomatoes and onions - I requested mine without onions. 

They were fine. Not stellar, not terrible. I've had better ones at a lot of places, but considering that I only had to drive ten minutes to get these, they were good enough. 

I was told 15 minutes, and when I got there 15 minutes (or so) later they were ready to go but still warm once I got them home and started devouring.
What has the world done to the people in this place to make them hate life as they do?  And why does that translate to the mediocre food?  

You can do better for pizza.  Hell, practically across the street from this place is Salvatore's.  You'll spend a bit more, but it'll be worth it.

This place slaps grease and cheese on cardboard, wraps it cardboard, and hands it to you with a look on their face that plainly says, "I should have listened to my teachers in high school."
I think their delivery service is pretty good, it was quick and the delivery guy was friendly. And the lady I ordered my pizza through was VERY friendly and upbeat. I've heard a lot of bad things about their workers? But I always go around noon so maybe those people are just going at the wrong time. Who knows! 
Now onto the food. Their pizza isn't the best pizza you'll ever have, but for the price it's good. It's a little greasy sometimes, I'll admit. But honestly I get the craving for them sometime! They have great cheese to put on their pizzas, and they usually put a good amount on. And I love their breadsticks! Yum! 
Like I said though, there is better. But if you're looking for cheap, quick, decent pizza I'd go here.
I wanted pizza and my kids wanted macaroni and cheese, so I figured I'd head to the Pit. If only somebody had answered the phone! It was around 6pm on a Saturday night, which I understand is a busy time, but come on. I let it ring about 15 times and then hung up. I paced around my house for a few minutes, got distracted, then tried calling again about ten minutes later. Same deal: lots of ringing, no answering. I let it ring another 15 times or so and just gave up. 

I don't mind having someone answer and then immediately put me on hold. It's a lot better than the nothing that I got. Thumbs DOWN.
This KFC never has the chicken you want ready.  The staff and customers are awful.  The dining room is often hazy with smoke flowing out of the kitchen.  I go here only because it's close to work and sometimes I really want a side or sandwich which they usually have.
This place CANNOT EVER give me everything I order. They are the most worthless, slack jawed, habitual screw up's I have ever witnessed. Not only do they always forget something, but half the menu will take "another 16 minutes" according to the drive up attendant. Dont ever stop here!!!!!You will regret it!!!!Check your order before you pull away at least!!!
This place has NEVER gotten our order right.  Not once.  Lame.
Not the same Domino's pizza I ate too much of in College. Vastly different and a major improvement! Ordering on-line couldn't be easier, and pizza was made exactly how I ordered. Piping hot, flavorful, better than average crust, nicely blackened in all the right spots, tasty toppings, robust sauce. Friendly delivery by John. Price is fair. Much, much better than Pizza Hut!
Easy ordering-on-line. Made exactly as I asked for. Piping hot. Sauce is SO, SO much better than their old stuff. Crust is like having an order of buttery-garlic soft bread sticks with your pizza. Delivery is super-fast, with charming, pleasant personality driver(s.) Our guests were apprehensive about eating Domino's from past experiences, and after the first bite, were practically inhaling pieces it was that good! I can tell that it is hand-made fresh. The dough is light and airy, the cheeses are tangy and savory, the meats are generous and better quality than most. My first choice in chain pizzas.
OK OK... as a Proud Italian I hope my momma don't see this! I'm actually going to give D'moes a 5 star rating for a few reasons. Last Friday, me and my 2 brothers left the suns game, and proceed to put a few "adult" beverages back. At around 2am, when Haney's shut down, we had an overwhelming craving for crap pizza (its better than our normal Jack in Box at 3am run that usually ends up with someone puking in the drive thru line because the smell of the taco sauce is so amazing). Low and behold, the ONLY spot that was still taking orders (up to 2am!) was D'moes. Now, 1st off - I live at Summitt (by BOB). These guys gladly delivered to me, all the way down there! Major props for that. 2 - They understood me... considering I don't remember ordering the pizza (I woke up to pizza and wings boxes all over my pad, and me saying "who ordered pizza" then I burped... wing sauce and vodka is a healthy combo. 3 - apparently, after checking my voice mail, the driver was pounding on our door for about 5 minutes (we were REALLY jamming out to Rock Band, in case you don't know, were pretty awesome. Wikipedia that Ish ladies and Gent's; Kansas City Bullriders). Well, the driver and my door man both called 3 times. I'm assuming the driver eventually came in and grabbed the bass guitar and strummed it out. Maybe he had a slice with us? Who really knows these things. However, I do know that I was insanely impressed with D'moes... from the left overs I ate the next when I could remember. It was pretty darn good. Between the awesome'ness that is called "their customer service" and the legit taste it left in my mouth, I'm a believer, unless, if I say I'm not, will I get a commercial?... hmmmm.... Potential there....
So Domino's is Domino's, right?  You must know what you are getting--I don't have to tell you the pizza, breadsticks, chicken strips, pretty good in terms of getting what you pay for.  However, this location gets the unfortunate privilege  of being my neighborhood locations (less than a mile from my house), and although this location has been prompt and delicious, this is more a review about the man himself, Mr. Domino and my online ordering experiences with him.

My friends, why would you spend $17 on a Domino's pizza when Papa John's will give it to you for $11?.  Not to say I'm a broke hobo, but seriously, the difference in cost is a draft beer at a classy joint and 2 at the places I frequent.  My biggest irk with Domino's is that they advertise $11.99 Any Speciality Pizza and if you change 1 item, say you don't like mushrooms (not saying that's me, could be, not saying) and trade for something like black olives (even trade, no?  Sometimes I even end up with less on the pizza because I don't like meats all that much and substitute veggies).  So if you change 1 item instead of their $11.99 advertised special, all of a sudden the price is $16.99?  $5 for some f''in black olives?  Seriously.  I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!  About the 3rd time this happened I finally put my foot down and looked up Papa John's website.  $11 any pizza, up to 7 toppings, any toppings.  Pretty much my BFF.

PJ's.  Go for it.
never has crushed peppers! 

but the pizza ain't too shabby.
The pizza wasn't horrible,  but the deal was awful.  The prices are extremely high at Dominos in general,  and their medium 2 topping is a rip off.  Low rating is for price vs.  Quality,  and value.
I normally don't have a problem with Dominos--you pretty much know what you're getting for your money.

Unfortunately, this Dominos, even though it is less than 3 miles away, won't deliver to my address. Not only will they not deliver, but they will take my order, ask me what the cross-streets are (so they KNOW how far I am), and wait 30 minutes before calling to tell me that they cancelled my order.

They could have checked my address when I gave it to them, or they could have called and asked if I wanted to pick it up instead, but instead they simly cancelled my order--and didn't let me know until it was supposed to be at my door,
I don't usually write reviews for chains but this Domino's was bad, even for "fast food pizza" standards. Way too greasy, and it was definitely stale, old grease. Ended up throwing half the pizza out because it just tasted so bad. Cheese only was edible, but anything we had with toppings was bad. Not coming back.
I don't normally order Domino's, but when I do, it's because I'm feeling extra lazy.  I ordered online, and got 10 of the 14 wings I ordered; I asked for them to be well done (which means send half way through the oven again), but they were squishy and boxed up before my 2nd pizza came out of the oven.  Pizzas weren't "hot", they were barely warm, which means the oven temp wasn't correct.  I ordered regular cheese and there was more red sauce than cheese (which means they're short on cheese for the week).  I live 2 blocks from here, but will gladly drive right past it to go somewhere else.  You can redecorate the lobby all you want, it's just lipstick on a dead pig.

They used to care and send you a survey after you ordered online, now there isn't any option to send feedback.

You guessed it, I used to work at Domino's, so I know how this works.  Ever since Mittens bought the franchise they've gone to sh*t.
I came here the other night and got the WORSE SERVICE EVER. I had a question about my total which was $16. The lady told me that a large pizza with 1 topping was $14 and plus the tax it came out to be $16. It was fine until my brother noticed that the price on the flyer stated a large pizza with 1 topping to be $13. It was a $1 difference and it didn't matter I just wanted to know what I was paying for. The guy in charge came over and told me that my one topping was extra which didn't make sense because I was allowed one topping. I was in mid question when he told his co-worker to just give us the dollar difference. He said it with such attitude and he threw the flyer he had in hand on the floor. He had a horrible attitude and no respect for us as the costumers and because of that I will never come to this Domino's ever again!!
I'm comforted to know I'm in good company with those multitudes of folks who have been ripped off by this arrogant, sleazy dump that thinks of itself as some kind of a restaurant.

Out of frustration at finding something to eat late on a Friday night a few weeks ago, we went into this place because it was handy.  The floors were littered with papers, trash and crumbs, the tables and chairs were in disarray and looked like they hadn't been washed or wiped all day.  I've seen junior high school cafeterias right after lunch that were more inviting.  

The sandwiches we ordered were OK.  One was supposed to come with dressing, so I asked for it on the side.  A large, overfed bozo yelled from the back they can't give it on the side - either take it on the sandwich or do without.

When the sandwiches arrived, my dining companion's arrived with a cup of the very same dressing I was told was not available.   When I asked for the one that should have come with my order, Big Bozo yelled it was too late - I already accepted it without.  I showed him the one we were just served, and he yelled back that was all we we're going to get.

He then walked up front to where we were seated and told us to get the hell out.  He refused to refund our money but changed his mind after we threatened to call the police if he didn't.

Most Dominos owners take their franchises seriously.  Too bad the drug-addled stumble-bum who runs this sewer doesn't.

Home Depot sells toilets for s**t like this, and, as far as I'm concerned, ALL Dominos are long overdue for a final flush.

UPDATE, February 21, 2014:  

On this date I filed a formal complaint with Domino's Corporate headquarters.  I received a very sincere, heart-felt reply, indicating they would take care of the matter and we would be hearing from someone within three days.   

Nothing from Domino's was ever heard from again.

UPDATE, May 25, 2014:

From Franchise Owner named "Customer R":

Jason, we appreciate the review and feedback posted on Yelp regarding your recent experience.

We are so sorry for the unacceptable product and service you received from our store and can certainly understand your frustration and disappointment. Please know we value your business and for the inconvenience, we hope you'll use the $10 e-gift card number below toward a future order at any Domino's Pizza location within the United States. 

We are also reporting this incident to the Manager of Corporate Operations, so corrective action can be taken to prevent this from happening again in the future.

Gift Card #: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

PIN #: XXXX

To use your gift card:

1. Select "Gift Card" as a form of payment on the checkout page
2. Enter the gift card number and PIN
3. Enter the Captcha (scrambled letters) and press "Use Your Cards". If entered correctly, the balance of the gift card will auto-populate and be grayed out.
4. Enter the amount you want to use in the "Amount" field
5. Enter the Captcha again and press "Use Your Cards"
6. If entered correctly, the amount will be deducted and the new balance will be reflected under Balance Due in the "Choose Payment Type" box. At this point the new balance is NOT reflected in the "Order Summary" box at the top of the screen.
7. Press "Place Your Order"

At this time, gift cards cannot be used towards a future online order or on any mobile device and only 2 gift cards can be used per online order.


On June 25, 2014, Jason H replied:

Gee, what a lot of rock and no roll...  

You REALLY think this is an efficient way of appeasing abused customers - making them jump through all kinds of ridiculous, impossible website hoops, ifs, and, buts, exclusions, etc. just for a measly $10 discount off $4 worth of cold pizza?  

I'd be impressed if you reported back to me with the corrective actions you took - and then simply mailed me a coupon of substantive value.

Since this incident we've learned just how low Domino's public image has sunk, and the reasons why.  And this flaccid effort at improving Domino's customer relations is typical of Domino's go-to-hell attitude.

Keep your valuable e-card and thanks, but no thanks.
I have always ordered pizza from dominos and the delivery have been so so. I'll get my food and it'll be okay warm and okay good. That's also might be due to the fact that I always get the same stuff. But TONIGHT I got something different. I got a hot sub, bacon and ranch sub. The delivery was really fast for once but the best part was that the food was super hot. It he food was so hot that u couldn't even touch it. Never have I ever gotten delivery that was super hot.  It was SO good ;-) extremely satisfied with the service and food. Thank you.
OK, OK... I finally went and ate at a Hooters while I was on a business trip.  Their supposedly best hot wings aren't even close to being the best.  The food wasn't all that either...  Sure, there's pretty girls prancing around with their old school bright orange old school NBA short shorts, but it doesn't make the food taste any better. Then again, I guess you don't really go to Hooters for the food. =P

Recommendations: N/A
Shannon's review below cracks me up because sometimes, I'm one of those girls at Hooters who really isn't there for the view.  The food is never more than your standard sports bar "ok".  Some better moments than others.  You know how that goes.  But with us, we aren't going so much for the food - as for the sports.  

Living in the downtown/South Mountain area, there aren't many sports bars as it is.  Then you narrow down which ones are showing the events you want, and we often end up here.  Especially for boxing!  One of the things I like about Hooters, and this one in particular, is that if you want to see - you have full view access.  But the TVs are high enough that if you could care less, you don't have to be staring at a television.  The problem is, it's Hooters.  If you aren't looking at the TV you have to be careful what it looks like you're looking at.  Is there such a thing as viewer's guilt?  Maybe there should be.  

Sounds bad, but totally honestly - I just feel really bad for the girls who have to walk outside on a chilly night.  The comments that they have to deal with can be really awful.  There should be some kind of a "Bad comment" jar, like the old-school "Bad word" jars when you cussed.  The waitresses should be able to just walk over and hold out the "Bad comment" jar and make them pay up.  Guaranteed "he got caught" standing ovation from everyone in surrounding tables.  It's a thought...
Its been years since i came to this hooters.  i used to go here every time i visited my sister in AZ or my friend a ASU.  South Park Wednesdays were the best. 25 cent wings, and south park.  cant go wrong!!
Finally, a Hooters with actually good looking women to cater to my needs.  Great place to catch play off basketball.  The wings were plentiful and the beers kept flowing.  My waitress flaked on me because a group at another table kept drawing her attention while i waited anxiously for my food as it sat at the window for quite a bit.  Other than that, I got what I paid for. and I left full
As far as Hooter's restaurants go (blech) this one is probably the best. I give it four stars as a reference to it's sister locations, not in reference to how good it is overall. The food is terrible quality, and the drinks extremely "well measured" meaning they are not strong. Hence why I can drink 12 margaritas in a 6 hour period and still be coherent. They sure charge for them like they are doubles though. There are a few girls working here who are very attractive and friendly (not to sound like a dirty old man, just that usually Hooter's has the worst service) and that definitely helps.
Honestly, I'm not sure what to expect when eating at Hooters. So far, so good, thus, the 5 stars.  But, I do have one minor issue with them, but not enough to downgrade them.

Eating here is what I imagined the 70's to be about.  Wood paneling, that weird color orange, and a little bit of tackiness thrown in for good measure.  So far, when eating here, I have had good experiences.  The girls are nice, the place is clean, and service seems to be prompt and efficient.  I usually can be found here during lunch hour only, and so far, those have been my only experiences.  No happy hour, no dinner, no weekend service.

My only "complaint" is that I have carried out a few times from this location.  A handful of times, I felt like I have had terribly slow carry out service. Waiting forever for someone to take my order, waiting just as long for food, and feeling "less important" then maybe the dine in patrons.
I go to Hooter's every now and then with the husband to get some drinks and appetizers. The food is never why we go here so I am not going to comment on it in this review, it is neither good or bad, just average.

What was hard to take were the girls they have working here. In any other eating place I could care less about appearances and focus on cleanliness and friendliness of our server. But this is after all...Hooters.

The uniforms are mentioned in another review and this is what caught my eye as well. Shorts either baggy or just not flattering to the shape that is squeezed into them. Runs in panty hose...very tacky...and the tank tops were dingy.

There was only one cute girl that was serving and the hostess was adorable. The rest were frightening. One girl's face was peeling from what looked to be a horrible sunburn...it was so disturbing. Our waitress had acne all over her face and chest...very unappetizing. The attitudes of these girls brought the mood of the place way down.These girls need to at least smile and try to be friendly.

Needless to say we will most likely not return to this Hooters...sorry ladies.
I am a fan of hooters.  I usually receive a great server and the food is amazing.  I love the boneless wings with 911 sauce.  I do not drink alcohol, so I cannot comment on their selection.  I can say that I frequent this Hooters a few times a week.  It is a great place to unwind and the location is amazing.  This is the perfect time of year to sit on the patio!
Its hooters.  If you really have to read a yelp review on hooters, then you probably shouldnt be going there. 

Things to obviously know before entering hooters:  expect greasy food, slow service, chicks only mildly good looking thanks to butt lifts and makeup, annoying guys who think they are all going to be the next UFC champ, loud sports on 13 tvs, and some drunk guy getting into someones face in the corner causing a scene. The good things to expect is good food at decent prices that is fairly consistent regardless of location, good happy hour (depending on when you go), and great cold beer.  

I give it 3 (this goes for the whole chain) cause i love their buffalo shrimp and buffalo 'chicks' sliders, and of course the wings.  However, I would give this location a 2 - it seems to attract a questionable clientele.  Last time we went on a Monday, sat outside on the patio watching the end of a basketball game, being only 1 of 4 tables in the place.  These guys were sitting behind us at different tables and started lightly arguing; ten minutes later it escalated to punches and beer being thrown literally over my head with the cooks and managers coming out with the cops on their way - subsequently slowing our already slow food by another 10 minutes.

Lastly, I will say this - DO NOT bring your kids here.  Nothing says classy good parenting like hooters - there is a reason there isnt a kids menu.
This review is based on my experiences at various Hooters located all over the country and not necessarily at this one location. 
If you've been to one Hooters you've basically been to all of them, the only visible change is the quality of the scenery. Having said that, Hooters has still managed to become an American institution. As most should know by now the food here is one cut above average at best, my nephew once found remnants of a feather in his wings! TASTY DUH! Then again, I don't think anyone goes to Hooters for the food. I've always thought that Hooters could expand their beer line up quite a bit but that has yet to happen.  My primary motivation to go here is to set the mood for the rest of the evening, is that simple! Another reason is logistics, this is a good staging area for when your new in town and need to get a feel for where the action is.
I agree with Kimberly. Hooters is hooters. However I disagree with her rating! LOVE THIS PLACE!
I'm pissed. How can you just stop making grilled cheese? Its bread and cheese. HOW? You have bread, and you have cheese, but you cannot make a grilled cheese?

Also, why does it have to be 400 degrees? I know you have A.C. This is AZ in the summer. It's hot. Turn it on.

I don't have a really good basis to draw this conclusion because I rarely order this drink, but your dirty vodka martini is quite possibly the worst I have ever tasted. I had to eat a cheese stick with each bite just to stomach it.

Your tater tots were good and my blue moon was reasonably priced. At least you have that going for you.
While in Phoenix for about 36 hours, I lunched at Hooters twice. It was easily located across from my hotel and it was a weekend, which meant I could catch both the collegiate and professional football games as well as playoff baseball.
 I take Hooters for what it is, pretty decent fried food, a restaurant that caters to men, and always has a game on. This in mind, I didn't anticipate anything other then a beer and something to eat.
I sat at the bar both times and the bartender, Brittany was extremely friendly and made a point to learn (while IDing) and remember everyone's name-- which I thought was a nice touch. She was always willing to change channels to make sure everyone's game was being aired which was appreciated as well. They have a good football special-- 10 boneless wings with all you can eat fries for $5.99 during any football game.  The $3.50 25oz Shock Top beers were a deal as well. 
It was odd for me to see a kid's birthday party in the restaurant on Sunday, but to each their own.
This is my last Hooters review. The only reason I'm writing about this one too is the service or shall I say the friendlyness here was left outside the door. With 5 other guys after a Cubs vs. Diamondbacks game and we were respectful but just didn't understand the cold shoulders form these girls. It was awhile ago and I'm sure it's not the same wait staff. I'll give this one another try if I go back and see another Cubs & Diamondbacks game.
Not the best Hooters I've ever been to, not the worst.  A colleague of mine is a Hooters afficionado, so he insisted we go for lunch recently while in town.  I will say the waitress lived up to the name of the place, for once.  I made a mistake and went off the reservation and ordered a burger.  It was VERY mediocre.  Should've stuck with the wings.  Oh well.
Stay away from this hooters. Bad food, bad service. Bleh!
Fried Pickles!
The service here blows. That is all!
The only reason that I'm giving this place even one star is that they show UFC pay-per-view with no cover. 

I've been here with friends about three times now, two of them to watch a fight, the other time because it was the only place within walking distance that had food.  All three times our waitress was rude and largely absent.  I'll add that we are really not into the whole TnA aspect of this restaurant, and treat our waitress like any other waitress.  No ogling, no rude comments, none of that immature bullshit.

We went here last night from 7pm until a little after 10pm, and didn't get a refill on water until just before we left, even though I'd downed the first cup within ten minutes of arriving and also ordered "hot" wings (the Daytona, which is hot sauce and bbq sauce mixed together, I guess.  Not hot at all).  The wings are tiny and completely overcooked.  I do not recommend these at all.

Friend #1 ordered the boneless wings, which are a joke.  I ordered them last time and assumed it was just a fluke when they brought out a plate of ten tiny (smaller than Chicken McNuggets) hardened pieces of overcooked chicken.  I'm not the type to send things back at restaurants, so I just tried to pretend that I was eating some sort of food, and not little pieces of rubber.  However, Friend #1 received the same thing this time.  Tiny pieces of very chewy....chicken?  Maybe.  I do not recommend these at all.

Friend #2 ordered a dozen hot wings.  Took just shy of an hour for them to arrive.  The waitress would pop up every fifteen minutes or so, and say something like, "Oh my gosh, they haven't brought those yet?"  When they did come out, they were tiny and overcooked, and also quite cold.  I do not recommend these at all.

Overall, the worst restaurant in Phoenix, I think.  If they didn't offer the fight with no cover, they'd have literally no redeeming value.  I'm just going to Buffalo Wild Wings next time (they have a $5 cover and a drink minimum, but it has to be worth it).  This place needs to close down for a few months and reevaluate, or just go away entirely, like every other business in the AZ Center.

Oh, PS, they have never brought out our correct bill.  Always has a bunch of random crap that no one ordered on it, and the girls act all put out when we point out that no one ordered half of the bill that they're trying to charge us for.  Keep an eye out on that receipt.
Okay, so it's a Hooters - how can you not have fun with it?  Granted, my expectations weren't super high, I've been to other locations and they've always been consistent.  And sure enough - the Arizona Center location did not disappoint.

We were in a group of about twelve, and we all ordered beers and food before going to a movie.  Service was great - (reading other reviews - we may have just been lucky) but seriously everyone was friendly and prompt.  We had multiple servers helping us since our party was large.  My fiance and I ordered a couple of beers (domestics of course, but we made do) and their famous wings.  I ordered two that were the hottest level of spice they came in.  Honestly - they weren't hot at all to me but my fiance must constantly remind me of my lack of taste buds (I recently took on the infamous ghost chili and won - but that is a story for another time).  Everyone at the table thought they were spicy, so order with caution.  We ordered them Daytona style - which means they were grilled - and they were yummy. 

The girls were of course pretty!  ;)  They even sang happy bday to our two buddies - who had the biggest smiles on their faces EVER!

The negative to this particular Hooters is the location itself.  The Arizona Center becomes a ghost town at night - and parking in the lot is tricky.  Even with validation you still have to pay after a certain amount of time passes.  Maybe I'm just spoiled - but when I go out to dinner or a bar I don't like having to pay for parking.  It's not like we're in New York or San Francisco!  

Regardless - parking issues aside - a really fun time with a good group of friends.  A good spot to hit before a movie or another bar!
Well, I love Hooters wings when done the way I like - this Hooters does not listen to you during the take out call.  Asked for extra crispy wings; got extra soggy!  I know you get what you pay for, but there are far better wings in Phoenix.
Overpriced food with shady looking waitresses. This antiquated concept chain needs to go away. If you want to look at boobs, have some self respect and just go to a strip club. If you want good wings...go anywhere else!
We went there to get some good chicken wings and the big problem was that they were cold! I have had better chicken wings in other Hooters.
Never really been a fan of the food here...and after this visit...i'm still not a fan.  The wings there suck, the beer is over-priced and now most of the girls are not even hot anymore.  Additionally it didn't help that our server was new and didn't smile or look happy to be there at all.  We pretty much had to beg her to smile at least a little.  Don't think i'll be going to a Hooters again for a while, For an overpriced beer and hot girls I prefer going to a place like Tilted Kilt where at least the food is good.
ambiance agréable , musicale , bonne cuisine americaine et surtout pour les garçons...jolies serveuses en minishort orange trés charmantes
These fuckers charged me twice for my meal!!!! I will never go back, plus the food sucked anyhow... try wingstop or buffalo wild wings instead if you really want some good wings....
First time at Hooters. Since Sheraton didnt carry channel in my room, I was looking for a place that had the USA vs Mexico gold cup final and this place had it. The crowd was into the game too which was nice.

Food is average at best. I had the western bacon BBQ burger with fries and it was just okay.

Service was great. Waitress was super friendly, cute, and a college student. Another college aged waitress stopped by to take away my glass and overheard me talking about disciplining my teenage kids and she joined the conversation with her own story on how her mom took away her cell phone and computer privileges.

Anyways, i was impressed with how friendly the service was. They kept asking if everything was okay, if we needed anything else, extra water, etc. Maybe we got a good table near the food prep area and this made it convenient for waitress to come by often.

The bottom line is that you go to hooters for the sports, drinks, and waitresses but not really for the food.
I thought I would try out this location, big mistake. First parking is a nightmare. Second, I sat inside first and went unnoticed for 10 minutes. Then a fight broke out so I moved to the outside bar where there was no bartender. Twenty minutes in I was getting up to leave when waitress finally asked if I wanted a beer, a 3 dollar pbr wasn't bad so I figured why not. I felt completely ignored for 30 minutes,  will never come back. I'm halfway through my pbr and can't wait finish it so I can leave.
This downtown Phoenix Hooters has become a comfort spot for me and my wife. We know we can always rely on friendly service, $5 32oz drafts served in ice cold mugs, delicious fried pickle slices and slightly above-mediocre oysters. The wings are pretty good too, but they go a bit overboard on the breading. 

We came here a lot last fall/winter to catch football and hockey games due to our lacking of a television in our house. Basically any sporting event you can imagine will be playing on one of their many flat screens!
On nights when there is a big game, this place gets too packed to handle.  On top of that, they make it open seating when its that busy so finding service and somewhere to fit is very difficult.  

On other days, with less foot traffic, service is always efficient and available.  I always have the buffalo chicken sandwich which never fails to satisfy my bar food craving.
I've been to Hooters a few times but never to this location. My friend and I went here for simple food on a late Friday night. The service was pretty slow but our waitress was friendly. I tried crab legs for the first time and was satisfied. They didn't have crackers for the shells so it was pretty difficult eating crab without crackers. I particularly enjoyed the teriyaki wings, bone in. Never had a problem with the food but just nothing great.

The one thing I felt weird about was homeless people staring at customers while they ate their food. Our waitress even approached our table after our meal and asked us if we saw anyone take her tip off a table she has just served. She accused the homeless man we saw watching everyone eating of stealing the money. I thought that was low-class and not something that should be mentioed in front of other customers. I also thought management should have asked the homeless people to leave prior to the money being "stolen".

Overall, it was so-so.
This is one of the best Hooters in america. The girls and wings are hotter than most others in the country. 
On a cross country trip 10 years ago I  rode with a friend who was infatuated with this place. There was only one in Mass at the time and he never went, so during our 6,000 mile trek we hit up about a dozen of these places. Some were good, some sucked, but the wings and girls at this downtown phx location made me decide to stay in az for a year. 
Food at this location just seems better than the ones up in the northeast. They seem to add alot more spice in order to keep up with the plethora of mexican restaurants in the area. So if you like your wings hot, you unfortunately gotta leave the bland northeast. 
Beer as long as you buy it by the pitcher is affordable, but if you come in during happy hour, expected to get nice and drunk while not going poor.
As far as the other reason to go to hooters:the girls, you're gonna love this place. Let's face it, all hooters waitress are conning you just like a stripper would at the club. Here it doesn't seem they are faking it that much. Besides that they are hot as hell! With over 100 days of 100 degree heat in the valley of the sun, your use to seeing alot of hot girls walking around with next to nothing on. Yet hooters seems to still pluck away some of the best and stick out.
There aren't many reasons to go to downtown phx, but this hooters definitely makes it worth the trip.
Friendly when you first get there, food is good, service stops once you get your food.
Decent wait staff and the food is okay. Not the best Hooters but definitely not the worst.
Well, Okay, it's hooters.  So I guess I have to review the waittresses too?  On this day, they were not bad looking, and they were dressed in skimpy shorts and tight Tee Shirts, but honestly, I don't think I'd go out with any of them, even if they begged me.

I had lunch, ordering the hot wings.  I could not decide, so I had five "hot" and five "3-mile Island" - which, I guess means they should have been hotter.  There was one mre level "Cherynobl", but I initially thought that might be too hot for me.  In hindsight, it prolly would have been closer to what I consider hot.

The hot wings were not hot.  Hardly even mild.  But they did have a reddish, hot-sauce appearing sauce on them.  The 3-Mile Island was only slightly hotter, and the red sauce slightly darker.  This was closer to what I wanted.  You get a choice of blue cheese or ranch for dipping.  If you want celery and carrots, that's extra.

I would not say this was a really good value, $15 for ten wings, a glass of iced tea and a tip.

Not much I can say about this place, I actually came for the wings and honestly, I was fairly disappointed all around.
For a hooters, there weren't too many hooters (if you know what I mean).  Went here twice while I was in town. Waitresses didn't tell us about any specials when we arrived, had to ask. Food was mediocre and so was the lemonade. Stick to the wings and beer and you'll be fine. Service was very slow on our second trip but they were busy. She made up for it later. Would I go back? Yeah. But just because it's Hooters.
Waitstaff suck... Unless you have testicles. I love Hooters wings, I won't be back to this Hooters.
Had a buffalo chicken sandwich with fries and a "side of beans."  Absolutely horrible.  Not only were the beers over priced, but the chicken was burnt, fries were cold and the "side of beans" came in one of those small plastic ketchup cups, like this:  

http://www.lulusoso.com/upload/20120320/disposable_plastic_soy_sauce_cup_portion_cup.jpg

It was like a shot of beans.  They need better cooks.  Won't be going back, there's plenty of other places around downtown Phoenix to go to.
Watch your bill.

We came in for a couple drinks during happy hour. We ordered them as "Vodka/Redbull and Whiskey/Coke". They were served quickly and tasted fine. When the check came we found that our Waitress had decided to up-sell us without asking. When I brought it to her attention, she said, "OH Sorry, hehe"

UPDATE: I called the manager, Kim, shortly after this review and was pleased with the results of our conversation. Since the Up-sale was really the only issue, giving them 4 stars.
Terrible service. Arrived on a Tuesday night. My friend arrived before me and she waited to be helped when she walked in as she wasn't sure if she should seat herself or wait to be seated. The guy who appeared to be a manager (shorts and a baseball cap) walked by and ignored her twice before finally asking if she needed help. (The rest of our visit he did a whole lot of nothing standing on the patio. Wait, I take that back. I saw him pour one beer.) I arrive about 10 minutes later and join my friend who is sitting outside. She has a beer she ordered, and I wait for a waitress to come and take my order. She shows up about five minutes later,  I order a beer, and we place a food order. I sit waiting for my beer, and nothing. I look over to see our waitress talking to her fellow workers at the front of the restaurant. There are about four of them with a couple of them sitting on the counter by the front door. Thank goodness they don't serve food on that counter!  I wait a few more minutes, cutting her some slack, when I finally get up and walk inside. I ask her from the door if I can get my beer. They all look at me like I am a freakin alien or something. My waitress finally comes forward and I ask again if I can get my beer. She has a confused look on her face until it dawns on her that I ordered a beer. She repeats what I ordered and says she'll go get it. A couple of minutes later a different girl brings my beer. The food arrives and is fine. You can't really screw up a chicken sandwich and fried pickles. We were there a little over an hour and she checked on us once. (they weren't busy) So much for a second beer for me. We asked for the check, and it took 10 minutes for her to come back and collect  it. On top of her being a bad waitress, she had the personality of a door. Didn't smile once, and looked like she hated her job. Seriously doubt that I'll be back.
It's Hooters. Free UFC, wings, beer and young girls in 80's style outfits. Is what it is.
It is Hooters, you'll get the same food and beer at every location. They have a great happy hour and not so great food. Good eye candy, and sports on. What more is there to say?
This Hooters is near my house so it's always convienient to come here, but the service and the food is hit or miss. 
I frequent a lot and really enjoy their wings. The server was MIA all night, twice I had ordered wings one flavor-honey thai and i got the new flavor they have- chipotle honey both times. Was not satisfied at all. Server took my drink for refill and never came back after 20 minutes I asked for the check, she sure was quick to come get that. 
The manager there is rude and unattentive, she accused my friend of "making a coupon" that was on their website and did not want to accept it because she said she didn't know where the coupon came from even though we pulled up the website and showed her the coupon. 
 The one that I really enjoy is the one on Alma School, it is a bit of a drive but the food and service is always spot on!
Waited over 40 minutes for a half-pound of dry ground beef; nothing "BBQ" about the BBQ Western burger. If the rest of the menu is the same quality, no wonder they need girls in shorts and tank tops to get customers!
If you're going here for food, you're at the wrong place.
Beer and eye candy is the specialty and at this location it ain't half bad.
:)
Hooters
Here for the wings right? Riiiiight, well the place is what you would expect.  We had naked wings with 3 Mile sauce, all drums.  This is my go to order at Hooters, which is spicy, but in a good way.

The beers were cold, which isn't the real reason that we all go to Hooters?  Actually, this one is located right in front of the Sheraton Hotel in the Arizona Center, which was the closest place with sports games and beer. Although it has mostly Phoenix related teams on, couldn't find the Lakers game on.  

Service was Meh...
Brittany, you are a TERRIBLE waitress. You should find a job that doesn't involve customer service.

My friend and I were super excited today for Wing Wednesday ($9.99 all you can eat wings). We walk in and are greeted instinctively but the female bartender who also tells us to sit wherever. I choose a table next to the double doors that leads to the outside seating area. For 10 minutes we sat there without even so much as eye contact or a smile from any of the waitresses. I see that there are two moderate groups outside (6-8 people each), but don't give it a second thought. Still no acknowledgment from anybody. After 15 minutes, my buddy walks up two managers who were fiddling with a tv monitor and 3 other waitresses surrounding them. My buddy goes, "Umm, can we get some service??" The female manager immediately appoints someone to go to our table. 

This blondie informs us that **Brittany** is our waitress, but she would take our first order. A few minutes after she takes our order, the lovely Brittany shows up. We had already watched this girl walk right past our table about 10 times back and forth prior to talking to the managers. She apologizes, like a child whose been forced to do so, for "not seeing" us. A) Simple acknowledgment would have sufficed. B) My buddy is a BIG tall guy with a mohawk wearing a bright red shirt. How the heck could she not have seen us? She then makes a pathetic attempt to explain that she got slammed, and says that she will now take our order. I tell her that our orders have already been taken. We get our first round of wings in a fair amount of time after the order was put in by Blondie. I asked for ranch and never got it. My buddy's cajun wings were too salty so he only ended up eating 6 wings. Brittany came back and only asked to refill my friend's drink. He told her Mr. Pibb, and she brought back coke. She took his plate away and didn't bother to ask if he wanted more wings since it was all you can eat. He's a big guy!!! Oh that's right. She didn't take our order so of course she didn't know. Shortly after I finished my own round of wings. Typically, the girls will see that you have finished your wings halfway and immediately ask you if you want the next round put it. No one asked us this. So I finished my wings and asked my friend if he wanted to go or keep hoping that the service will improve. BTW, those big tables were long gone by then. It was actually pretty empty by then. The whole time we just watched Brittany try to calculate her tabs and collect her tips. 

My friend wanted out, and he said he'll refuse to pay if they asked us. We head straight to the door and NO ONE bothered trying to stop us. Instead we heard Brittany,"Sorry guys." as we left. They knew what was going on. This is the very worst service that I have ever had. I would have still tipped had we stayed til the end, but it was so terrible. My wings weren't even that great. 

If you come here, and you get a girl that is tan, has shoulder length curly hair, and is named Brittany, ask for another waitress.
Me and some friends wanted to get some lunch and decided to head over at this location. This was my first time there. We walked in and nobody greeted us at the entrance and we decided to walk over to one of the open tables. We sat down and waited for about 20 minutes for a server to come by and finally stopped one of the servers. I noticed that there were one bartender and two servers. The server told us that someone will be with us shortly. We were ok with that but it was not busy at all. then after another 15 minutes or so, I decided to walk up to the bartender and asked if we can get some service and at least get us some drinks. Finally, one of the two servers stopped at our table and took our drink and food orders. After she took our orders, we had waited close to 20 minutes and we didn't even get our drinks yet. We were there for almost an hour to get lunch and didn't even get our drinks. I got up and told the bartender that the service is bad and that we are leaving. We got up and walked away. I left this location with a bad experience and hungry.
I usually don't review chain restaurants, but I had a good experience while here. They were the only bar downtown that was showing the UFC fight and there was no cover,  bonus! I arrived around 545 to watch the preliminary fights and snag a good seat for some friends that were arriving a bit later. I had a few beers and ate a good burger, food was good. The service the ENTIRE time was good, just super attentive and on point. the only slightly-annoying-but-not-a-huge deal issue was that I had  my table and was there for over an hour watching the fights. Once teh place started to fill up, the hostess informed me that I couldn't save any seats and that it was first come first serve. Not a huge deal as I don't mind sharing a table, but tell me that up front so it's not an awkward surprise when you just arrive at my table with some random people. In the end, no biggie. I was able to get a few extra chairs and all was well (and I totally understand having to make room for people that are already there vs people that aren't). All in all, great service and a good place to watch the UFC fights downtown. I'll DEFINITELY come back to watch the fights.
Just watched a guy in a SF Giants cap flip burgers with his glove. Gross.
stopped here for a late night snack. ordered the slider burgers. the waitress asked me how i'd like them cooked, and i replied "medium rare." shortly, i was brought over 4 sliders that were the size of meatballs. they were all medium well to well done and they were served dry. yes, they brought me 4 pieces of overcooked meat on buns. nothing else. when i complained about it, the manager came over and informed me that was the only way to cook sliders, since they are so small, you can't make them medium rare. perhaps he thought i'd never ordered sliders before, or maybe he thought i've never cooked sliders before, but i've eaten dozens of them medium rare.  they were nice enough to take the sliders off my bill, but i still left hungry. the waitress was very nice about everything, though.
I don't know what happen to Hooters? My roommate in college use to work for one in Houston so I have frequent Hooters a time or hundred in my life. The quality of the product has no integrity it is so nasty, the wings are never fried correctly they come out bloody and under sauced. I just want some wings once in a while with breading.  iIt is difficult to find.
Here's the letter I wrote:
I've done my fair time in restaurants and hospitality and the experience I had this evening truly made me reflect on all my past experiences; good and bad. I thought long and hard about all my guest interactions from serving, bartending, managing, and even from a guest perspective and could not find a time where I encountered such incompetence, not only from the bartender who could not "dress" a glass, but from the manager who tried to defend her lack of knowledge by saying, "It's easier when you have a bottle." I don't fault someone for training; after all we all had to learn a skill sometime, but you should have the staff there to support someone who is training. If the bartender couldn't dress the glass, maybe the lazy manager should have showed her, instead of cutting out letters for the "theme party" tomorrow. Wait, it gets even better... So after the 20 minute attempt at dressing a mug; we gave up and ordered a bottle. Well it didn't come in a bottle, it came in a pint glass that was haphazardly dressed and thrown into a glass(you know, so the head was all salt...MMMM). My wife was nice enough to scrape it off and move on. My server who was pleasant and helpful the whole time asked if I wanted something else to drink, so I ordered a malibu, pineapple, and splash of cranberry. Now I know this drink isn't going to be hard up on the rum, but I expected a hint of coconut as I passed the drink to my wife and asked her if my taste buds were off. I then thought to myself, well it did come in a tall glass, but after the years of bartending I did for Chili's I never tasted a 1.25 oz pour that weak. I of course brought this up with the manager; Shiela, and the reply will live with me forever. "Well you should have let your server know you wanted it in a short glass or a heavier pour." Really? I responded, "That is the best answer you have for me? Your bartender can't do simple things and your response is that?" This is when I clearly poked the angry bear inside of Shiela as she then became very defense. Citing I do not need to be condescending and speak rudely of the bartender. Have we moved past the point of simple guest satisfaction? I didn't call the bartender a complete F*** up, but wish I would have considering how upset the manager got. My point is that there was many places I could have chose to spend my money this evening with my wife and son, I ended up making a horrible decision, not based upon the food(probably the best plates to come out of the hooters kitchen in a long while), not because of the great service Jovonne gave, but because of the lack of support from the manager who should have been there to support the failing bartender and her horrible attitude.
My roomie and I hit up the hooters a lot and we haven't had anything too bad to write about. Usually we walk in and seat ourselves, the server comes and takes our drink orders. I usually order a big beer, I'm a small guy too but I do like a good drink. I think I catch the girls off guard when I order my beers and wings. 

Our last visit was excellent! Our server (don't remember her name) was awesome! She was working a whole section alone and yet she managed to take care of everyone in a timely manner. She was just ON it with everyone. We left her a good tip because she deserved it. She wasn't hounding or buzzing like a fly but she had a good eye as to when she should approach or when we needed something :)

All in all, this location is pretty good. I hope I didn't jinx myself with this review :)
I pretty much knew that visiting this place was going to leave a lot to be desired.  The food here isnt/hasnt been/never will be good. You would think for a place that advertises wings that they would be better but nope, they suck. Knowing this, this time I ordered the buffalo chicken sammich and my friend ordered some cheese sticks. Now the sandwich only comes with beans or coleslaw, to add French fries is extra. So I scrapped the beans/slaw and got the fries. I'll address the cheese sticks first. My friend got the puniest, most pitiful looking cheese sticks I've ever seen. She said they weren't all that great (which is really sad cause its hard to mess us cheese sticks right?). My sandwich came with some curly fries that were horrible. They looked as if they hadn't been cooked long enough (they were white instead of that golden brown we all know and love), and some seasoning salt was sprinkled on top in an effort to distract me from how terrible they were. The sandwich though, was actually decent. There was a huge chicken breast patty dipped in buffalo sauce, sitting on top of a bun. So I enjoyed the sammich, but pretty much hated everything else. 

customer service was good, hence the two stars. If it wasn't for that, they wouldn't have gotten any. The beer was good and cold...like it was posed to be. The place was LOUD too...which actually worked in my favor and helped to distract my kid. Other than that, I don't really have many good things to say about this place. Umm...it was clean. Yup. That's it.
Wish I could select zero stars!

We were seated at the FURTHEST hightop away from rest of the  patrons. The waitress was friendly, but when a bug was found in a friend's drink, no apology given and no arguement from said waitress when all 5 of us got up and left (despite having a fresh bottle of beer delivered to the table). Ding! Ding! Ding! Probably means that this is not a singular occurrence... Do not go! :(  #gross
Possibly the worse service ever. I love their wings but for this simple experience, I will never go to Hooters again. Went there for the zombie walk and ordered wings and food. 
My party and I finished eating our food and the wings had not even come out. I had to ask for them twice and the last time I asked for them to go. I didn't even get to eat them at the restaurant. Worst of all no one apologized for the delay or for anything. Possibly the worse service ever. I will never ever go to a Hooters again. I can find better wings and service else where. So if you want to eat good wings and bad service then go for it. Should of been a zero star rating.
I cum to this Hooters whenever I'm in Phoenix.  Close to hotels and Starbucks. Last time I went I had a sliver in my index finger from climbing a palm tree and falling. Our server didn't have tweezers but summoned her inner MacGyver and took it out for me using a staple. That itself is worth 3  stars. Food is what you  expect from this chain.
"Quick eats"

Yep, that sums it up. You go to hooters and you kinda know what to expect. I find that hooters centered around campuses have less service then others.. and this locay is no exception. This place is also kinda interesting. They have tables but really low seats and some tables with high stools. The restaurant feels hodge podge in the back.. so opt for a table in the front.

Go for the wings and to watch some games. Worry less about the service and you'll be fine.
Never going to any Hooters again. 1) Flat Ass everywhere. Eat some of the wings and do some squats. 2) They increased the price of the endless wings for the new year yet the wings got smaller. The manager said that it is because they are being charged more. They might want to think about changing suppliers then. 3) To charge for every ranch dressing is asinine. We asked for one ranch each and she brought us a ranch every time we got our next plate of six tiny wings. Never did our server Ashlea tell us we were going to have to pay for each ranch that we did not even ask for. At least the beer was good and at a decent price. I think we will stick to Zipps!
Went with husband and a friend.  

We ordered food.   I ordered the blackened mahi.   I had it elsewhere in multiple states from Hooters.   

Husband ordered the big fish sandwich blackened and friend ordered wings.

His was not breaded

The food came out and the fish on appearance looked fried.   The lady stated that it was breaded and grilled.

I have never heard of such and as stated I ate at quite a few locations.

Soon the manager (I assume) came over and stated that she can show me where it states breaded.

It doesn't state it on the menu which is common if something is breaded.

Also she said that it was a new item at that location for about 6 months.

I ended up sending it back, because it was not what I anticipated and didn't want breaded and battered food.

Also since then I have been to a couple other Hooters in Phoenix and Tempe and they did not bread or batter the "blackened" mahi.

I will never go back here.    Didn't like the service or lack there of or the food.
And then he reviewed Hooters...

A friend of mine wanted to watch a basketball game and since we were downtown this was the best place we could think of.  I hadn't been to a hooters in years and I was apprehensive about this trip since I don't eat meat.  They're known for their wings and, something else, not sure what it is.  I'm sure it'll come to me later.  I was happy to see the menu had changed a lot since I had been to a Hooters.  Not only had it changed it actually had food I could eat.  

I ordered the fish and chips and I'm very sad to admit it was good.  In fact I had been at a pretty good Irish Pub in north Phoenix the day before for fish and chips and this was actually better...

I'm not sure I'll come back often as it's really not my scene but I was honestly surprised it was as good as it was.
Not a service friendly place. We came in with a group of five to sit at a table surrounded by waitresses who where standing around by the cashier talking, while another waitress sat with a couple of guys. We waited for about 20 minutes and still not one of the waitresses offered us water or any kind of service. I raised my hand hoping to get one of the girls attention and still nothing. We waited a couple more minutes before we decided to go to Tilted Kilt a few blocks away at City Scape. This is not the first bad experience I've had with Hooters but that just solidifies my decision on not visiting Hooters again.
Horrible service! 
A few friends and I walked into hooters ready to enjoy some wings and beer after a long day of work. We sat down and waited for some service. After about 10 minutes still no attention to our table. Joking around we raised our hands and asked for some attention to a group of hooter girls just hanging out at the bar and still nothing. After another 15 minutes we decided to walk up and go eat at tilted kilt down the street at city scape where the service was the complete opposite. I will never give that hooters my money and it sucks because I love their wings.
Wings were good of course, but the kitchen could use some work. Too long of a wait for food.
Go in for happy hour fairly often. Love the half priced wings. The service at this location downright sucks, good thing they have tv's to keep you occupied.
i mean...it's hooters

Awesome Happy Hour -  I went boneless this time and I think I made a mistake straying away from the naked Daytonas, but at $6 for 10 you can't go wrong 

The service was quick, my soda was always full

The only disappointing factor was the fries. They were really stale - just not crispy or tasty.
Just found hair in the pizza. Eww! Never again from this location will I order food, blah!
Ordering online was easy and service was fast and friendly when I arrived for pickup.  Everything I expect from Domino's.  Thanks pizza heroes!
Ordered another great deal from this location while studying for summer school exams last week.  Again another treat!  The staff is always very friendly here, my order is always right, and the pizza is always a good value.  Thank you for the continuing excellent customer service.
Domino's Pizza years ago was the butt joke of the century; nobody liked Domino's. The drivers were being pulled over for speeding due to them trying to uphold a 30 minute delivery promise and the drivers were many times involved in accidents and driving drunk. The pizzas were nasty tasting, flat and barely covered with toppings. But now, today, Domino's is off the chain! There was a time that I wouldn't even order a Domino's pizza, however today it is the only pizza that I will order. Please keep up the good work! I am a customer for life. Bring back the sweet cinnamon bread sticks with vanilla frosting as the topping.
My friend and I pulled into the shopping complex and decided to grab an iced tea at snoh, and then pickup a pizza at dominos. 

We parked in front of dominos (customer parking) but as we walked by our car, 2 employees started yelling and screaming at us. They were telling us not to park in front of the dominos because we weren't "customers". 

I told the female employee that we were going to grab a pizza to go, and she continued to yell at me like a psycho! 

This was completely uncalled for.  A company should not have employees that scream at customers. I will never go back to this location.
I realized my faux pas with the last review.  Downtown Phoenix is the black hole of convenient delivery pizza.  Yes, there is Pizzeria Bianco but I have yet to find the time, motivation, and dinner companions to accompany me on a 3 hour wait for pizza.

So, we usually order from Domino's.  Partially because their Brooklyn style is pretty good and partially because ordering reminds me of a blog that had me laughing/giggling/snorting for hours: http://www.thesneeze.com/mt-archives/000707.php.  I occasionally find ridiculous stuff way funnier than most people would, and the thought of beef nuggets without footing is making me laugh at this very moment.

*wipes tears from eyes and takes a minute to calm down*

So the ordering is incredibly easy once I stop laughing about whether or not I want the toppings on the right or the left.  And they have the "Pizza Tracker" which tells you what stage your pizza is in and who is completing the task.  I have to say that Wade has done a damn fine job and I'm disappointed if we order on a night that he isn't working.  Not because other Domino's employees mess it up, we have just become fond of seeing his name.

Domino's no longer has the policy of delivering in less than 30 minutes or your pizza is free, but they do come damn close.  Our pizza is almost always here in a half hour (another joy of the pizza tracker).

My only recommendation is to never order the baked dessert thingies; they always taste like garlic because they're made in the same oven.
We go back and forth with this place.  Sometimes good and sometimes bad.

Today we ordered the new pan pizza. It sounds good. When it arrived the pizza tasted like the box smelled. The new black box stinks. The pizza was not edible.

We called and they said that they would send another pizza.  

Not a fan of this new box.
I like domino's pizza when I just want to have cheap pizza delivered.  This location however is awful.  They have messed up the last 3 orders.  1, the crust was missing its seasoning completely and the cheese was half missing - what?  2. the order arrives well over 30 minutes late and wasn't piping hot like you expect.  When i called to check on my tardy order, the manager Carla was rude and told me "not to worry about it." What again?  3. I ordered a hand tossed, to hopefully get the garlicky crust I missed out on previously, and they delivered a pan pizza 10 minutes late.  How does one make the online order THAT wrong?  It prints out.  There are only so many crust options.  Carla was rude this time too - if you mess up okay, but don't make it worse by treating your already frustrated paying customer like crap.
I like Dominos when I need cheap, delivery pizza for the kids after a long day and no one wants to cook or go pick up better pizza.  I was quoted 35 minutes for a delivery time on 2 separated occasions now and it actually took 70 minutes.  All i got from the store manager was this, verbatim "Oh ya we got slammed and the pizza tracker doesn't really work.  I don't know why they even have that."  What a bunch of inconsiderate assholes.  I will be getting my money back or calling my credit card company and declining the charges.
Its been awhile since I had pizza from Domino's Pizza. But last time I ordered was from here. When I ordered last time, it was from here.  The pizza was very good. The garnished it with a generous amount of toppings. Which is always nice. As I hate needing to pay for some extra toppings when there should have already been enough pizza to start with.

Ordering online is always easy. And having a pizza tracker is a nice touch. 

Price is not bad for what you are getting.  But I feel they are over priced for their speciality pizzas. 

Drivers are do pretty good, but often they fail to being enough of one item or another.  Like napkins or crushed red peppers. 

As long as they keep up the good work. I will continue to order pizza from here.
Nobody's reviewed this place yet?? Probably because nobody knows it exists. I didn't know myself. I could barely even find the place.

What a cool divey bar/restaurant. I along with my coworkers all ordered burgers and they didn't disappoint. While not the best burger I've ever had it was moist and delicious. Apparently the burgers are saturated in Burgundy while on the grill which gives them their flavor.
Fries do not come with, which is always annoying, but we ordered a mix basket with onion rings and fries and it was quite tasty. 

Only down note; halfway through the meal my coworker claimed he found a long hair in his burger that he swore up and down wasn't his. Being a self-proclaimed "goat", he ate the burger anyway. I know this would warrant an immediate look of disgust and a one star rating by some....but shit happens. Hair gets in burgers. I'll give the place the benefit of the doubt. 

But if you are repulsed by such things, I would encourage you to come here anyway if only to have a drink, the place is pretty cool.

Oh and they do not accept credit cards, so bring some cash if you do not want to be charged a $2 fee from the ATM offered inside.
Been going to Harvey's for years.  The place is a dump, but it is my kind of dive.  You have to get the Wineburger.  You won't be sorry!  One of the best burgers I've had.
Ok, first time I was here was for lunch. I had the cheeseburger and it was one of the best hamburgers I had ever had. Noticed the pool, darts, pinball, golden tee, and ancient bowling game and thought I would take my friends back there and share this incredible place. 

two days later, for dinner and drinks, 3 of us went in and saw only one person working on a Friday night. She was cooking, bartending, handling money, scratching her head, shaking hands, cleaning bar tops, running dishes, etc.... did I mention she did not wash her hands once during this whole time? We ate our dinners, disgustedly, thinking how an inspector would shut the place down immediately if they saw it. She was entertaining, all over the place, yelling, throwing things, etc. I'm pretty nieve, and didn't know until my buddy told me that she was on meth at that time. So there we have it, a restaurant I thought would be a new favorite with a methead bartender that doesn't observe any food safety laws or regulations.

I'll be getting my hepititis c test next week. (joking.... kinda)
So me and my buddy (coworker who is hourly) decide to go to lunch today.  What's the catch?  We don't know where to go.  We decided to go somewhere we haven't tried before that was off the beaten path. Enter Harvey's. Er, well, actually we did the entering.

We get into the place and it is a narrow bar with a line of tables to the right. We sit. We wait.  Finally, after much gab, the Waitress/Bartender comes up to our tables and says 'Hi' then proceeds to stare at us.  Anticipating the usual question 'Can I start you guys off with something to drink'  I order an RC cola and my buddy does the same.  She recommends the Cheeseburger so thats what we get.  I also ordered a mixed basket because (FOR SOME STRANGE REASON) fries aren't included with the burger! THIS IS AMERICA PEOPLE!!!!!

Along with the burger and fries, we got a lot of time to chat.  and I mean a LOT.  They sure are generous with time!!! Eventually, I ask her to put it in To Go containers and they give us the fries and cokes free.

Also, just a side note.  Please eat your food before coming on to Yelp and reading reviews about the food you are eating.  Some of these reviews almost made me vomit... almost.
OK so I went with Chris T. here and here is the thing. . . I have a rule when it comes to food establishments and this place does follow suite. Most often than not the little mom and pop shop hole in the wall. . (( and this place is what I consider a "dive / hold in the wall". . )) usually have really good food. 

So here is my review. And I will have to break it down into categories. 

---------Environment:****
Here's the deal. If you enjoy tennis, chess, and polo. This "aint" your spot. If you are comfortable with wobbly tables, hard chairs the sound of beer bottles tossed into a trash can .  .then keep reading.  
Harvey's Wineburger reminds me of Stag's Head bar. In case you don't remember that's the name of the place on Dukes of Hazard? Ok well the waitress was no where near the same looks as daisy but she had a mom and pop shop charm about her. Smiles and jokes were readily available. Chris T. and I were rather excited about possibly finding a new "joint" to hang out at and writing a good review. I ordered the Cheese Wineburger and Chris ordered the Super Cheese Wineburger. She mentioned something about the fries and onion rings because we would get more for cheaper or something. I didn't really hear but Chris said sure and that was good enough for me.  

---------The Wait: ---------**

As we walked in the door it we found a dark bar with a grill on the left. We sat our selves hoping someone would notice. There were a couple people in there that looked like regulars chatting away about something to the line cook and I think that is what our down fall was. The food was late and the waitress right off the bat apologized as she gave us our to-go bag as we requested after franticly watching the clock. She tossed in the drinks and fries for free because of the wait.  There was a long wait for the order. I believe it was the cool jibber-jabbin to the regulars that hung up the order. 

---------The Food: --------- *****

If it came only to the food I would give this review 5 stars. The burgers were stacked high like it was going for a photo-op.  I like my fries a little crispy and thought they were perfect. I'm not into soggy fries. 

I have to make a comment on the other reviews. These are the ones about the lack of hygiene comments. This is referring to one night that they were extremely understaffed on a Friday night. I have to ask you if you ever worked in a restaurant.  I hate to tell you but that is more common than you think. Even when I worked in a 4 star restaurant at a resort. Ever watch Hells Kitchen.  .yeah. . Stick your finger in my food and see if the meat is done. . Thanks. .

I have to say I have not made a final thumb up or down. Next time I go there for lunch "and I plan on going back" I will call ahead and order. My only issue with this place was the wait for the food. The staff was friendly in a down home manner.  The food was really good, and my only issue was the wait. 

---------Over all score: --------- ****
 look for another review at some point. I'm not firm on this. I will have to see if the time service issue is the same next time. 

Until next time. . keep the groove and be cool.  .
This place is The S%&t!!!

Yep, it's a dive and the sanity level can be questionable BUT

The burgers are awesome, in fact there is no need to order anything else.  The grill stays on so long as people are ordering food.  I have never once gotten sick from eating here.  They have a good pour, not crazy and not chintzy.  The price is right, there is ample parking and the staff are friendly.

The jukebox is a great deal.  I dare you to put a 5 in this eclectic machine.  Your selections will be playing long after you leave.

I would not ever recommend Harvey's if you are on a time constraint.  This a place outside of time for you to hang back in when you have the time to hang.  It's laid back, sit down and let the bartender know you are there.  Everything else will take care of itself.
I  had the same experience as John V in that there was only one person working and "She was cooking, bartending, handling money, scratching her head, shaking hands, cleaning bar tops, running dishes, etc.... read more »did I mention she did not wash her hands once during this whole time? We ate our dinners, disgustedly, thinking how an inspector would shut the place down immediately if they saw it. She was entertaining, all over the place, yelling, throwing things, etc." on our day, she was so drunk/on it, that she poured at least half a bottle of wine on our burgers and side of onions, but they were tasty, the most yummy burger and sauteed onions (they ended up purple!) i've ever had. it was so delicious i forgot about how unsanitary the place was...to bad she's the only one who cooks the burgers like that, must be the altered state 'o mind. i'd go back again, after a few drinks.
People really need to understand where they are going and the role the place is supposed to fulfill.  I find it funny that all three of the negative reviews mention how the food was great and the environment is chaos.  That is what they do at Harvey's.  Apparently everyone who went got Polly, who is ridiculously hilarious and a lot of fun, not on meth, not drunk, just really interesting from the chemicals produced inside her own head.  Personally, I prefer Monty, he is a sarcastic fifty-something Midwesterner who cooks one of the best burgers I have ever had (sorry, better than Polly), mixes a mean Manhattan, tells awesome stories and will simultaneously insult you, shake your hand and discount your drink.  When the bowling game is functional it promotes awesomely competitive tournaments and if you take over the jukebox the moment you arrive you create your own ambience.  Bring a friend, split the Super Wineburger with Cheese and an order of Chicken Fingers, leave happy.  Wash, Rinse, Repeat as desired. The only reason I would consider bumping it down a star is that I am normally a devout beer drinker and they only have Budweiser and something (I believe coors) light on draft.  Don't care, cheap cocktails and Midwestern bitterness save the day.
this place is sooooooooooooooooo GOOOD.

the drinks are awesomely cheap, and they have an atm to take out all of your money to spend on so much booze because they only take cash. 

monty is probably the coolest bartender to have ever walked the earth, and he always tells us he missed us whenever we come back. he tells us strange anecdotes about his life, that are hilarious and involve things that would probably send most people to therapy. and he makes the BEST burger i have ever tasted. seriously the best burger i have ever tasted. the best. the onion rings are so good too. 

all the denny's waitresses from down across the street come hang out after (and before?) work. they have a couple of pool tables, and this sweet-ass old-school bowling game that costs like, a quarter and is old and made of wood, which instantly makes it awesome. and it sounds awesome. 

AND! if all that wasn't enough to make this the greatest bar ever, they also have twilight zone pinball, which is THE BEST PINBALL GAME OF ALL TIME. we have won so many free games on that thing. everyone probably gets weirded out because we play pinball wizard by the who on the jukebox while we play.

except one negative. whenever monty (awesome) isn't working, some other cracked out babe works and she always closes the damn place at like 1, which is SO annoying (we're talking fridays and saturdays here--monty stays open til at least 2 even on tuesdays). and she always forgets our change and orders and everything else, really. and makes us feel like we're cracked out just by watching her.

basically, just go when monty is working (he looks like the guy painted on the wall next to the smoking area).
I have been wanting to try this place for a while once I realized that it was actually still in business and not an abandoned building. My friend told me they had great burgers and I was like damn that place is open.  Than I figured I would give it a shot because I love a great burger and supporting local independent businesses.    

The cheeseburger was great.  It looked like the standard size is 1/3 lb.  It had a great char on the outside and nice and juicy on the inside.  I got the mixed basket of fries and onion rings which is enough for 2.  If you read some of my previous reviews you know I don't like to share fries so you know this was a big size of fries and onion rings.  Another great thing is that it was inexpensive $5 for the cheeseburger, $4 for the hamburger and $4 for the rings and fries.  

If you watch Diners, Drive-ins and Dives on the Food Network they would refer to this place as a Dive and I think the people their would not mind.  The entrance was a metal door that didn't even have a door knob.  It was really dark on the inside and like most places in central Phoenix it was a small space.  It took about five minutes to get someone to notice us.  Once we got the attention of the waitress she was apologetic and seemed very nice.  The booths were really small and seemed to be made by someone who got a C in shop class.  The funny thing is about half way through our meal my girlfriend and I noticed that it was an about a 99% AARP crowd, even the employees.  I guess only the cool Gen X and Y know of the place.  

I will definitely be back again and again!!!  

P.S. BRING CASH BECAUSE THEY DON'T TAKE CREDIT CARDS!!!!!!
I have read the reviews on here, and decided to chime in.  First off, I like Harvey's.  Do I go to Harvey's all the time?  Nope.  But I enjoy the burgers and the simplicity of the place.  I have probably been there 15 times over the past 3 years, so this is a culmination of all of those meals.

Everyone talks about the decor (or lack thereof).  The inside of the place is DARK (especially when compared to most places in Phoenix).  When you leave the place during the day, make sure you have sunglasses.  After your eyes spend so much time adjusting to the lack of lighting, the sun feels like inmates coming out of solitary confinement for a month.  While the decor gets 0 stars from the Zagat type crowd, I find some sort of enjoyment with how beat down it is.  In fact, if they spruced it up, I probably wouldn't like it as much.  It is a true dive bar.

The service isn't great, but it isn't what I would call bad.  It isn't like they screw everything up, but it is a bit slow.  If you are in a hurry to eat (like most Americans on lunch hour), then maybe you should go to McDonald's across the street.

Finally, the burgers.  They are great.  Quality meat, good cheese, and plenty of char.  I never found the food unsanitary, but I have also been to Brazil, so the food here is always more sanitary.  I am not a fan of the fries (got to Delux, Gordon Biersch, or Cafe Bink if you want truly great fries), but the onion rings are good (not as good as Ted's Hot Dogs, though).  I love the fact that they have RC Cola.  I have only had drinks there 1 time.  They make them stiff, and will impair your judgement quickly if you aren't careful.  They have a heavier hand in pouring than most college bars.

Overall, I recommend it if you like dingy bars and a good burger.  Sure, there are better burgers in town, but this is pretty unique.  A little more seasoning could be used, but it isn't bad the way it is.
Running errands near Camelback a few Fridays ago, I found myself STARVING, yet having several more stops on my itinerary. The Yelp application on my iPhone (insert shameless plug here) showed that Harvey's was right around the corner, and with a swing of the wheel, I was pulling up to their dilapidated storefront. 

Being alone, I bellied up to the bar, which was packed at 2:00 PM on a Friday. I still had work to get done that afternoon, so I had to stick with an RC Cola (yes, you read that correctly.....RC Cola). Let me just tell you that I was the only person in the place that didn't have a beer in hand. Happy hour (and the weekend, apparently) had arrived early at Harvey's. 

Just a quick moment on the very eclectic crowd that filled this place. On my left were two appliance repairmen. On my right was a gentlemen that was pushing 80. At the pool tables were a group of what looked like college kids. Their common bond was the beer they were all putting away. I immediately made plans to return on a coming Friday afternoon, with friends in tow, and be a part of this very diverse, day drinking crowd. 

Now, onto the food, which is why I stopped by in the first place. I wasn't sure what a "wineburger" is and I can't fully say that, even now, I understand. All I know is that I ordered their standard wineburger and that it was grilled fresh for me, right at the bar. 

The burger took about 15 minutes to cook and I could pretty much watch them prepare it. The same person that took my order (and delivered beers to all my fellow patrons) prepped and cooked the burger. It was fresh ground meet, pressed into a patty and they regularly pressed it into the grill with her spatula. Ultimately, it was served up on a fresh bun, which crisp lettuce, onions pickles, and melting cheese. 

Let me tell you that this burger was FRESH. Grease was still dripping off the sides of it. There were cracks in the edge of the burger, where they had been pressing it down into the grill. I actually had to wait a couple of minutes to eat it, as it was still TOO hot. I'm not sure of where you're going to go and get a burger that is cooked that fresh, right in front of you, and then immediately handed to you. Probably one of the freshest hamburgers that I've ever had prepared (in which I wasn't actually grilling it myself). 

The onion rings were straight out of the boiling oil and too hot to eat. (I'm sure my doctor does not approve of this meal). All the condiments I could ask for were delivered promptly. The burger was hot, with just the right amount of grease, and full of flavor. This was as close to home-made as you can get.
Yup, I'm a fan!!  Seriously, how have I never been here.  My friend used to live in the area and she told me about 6-7 years ago that this place was good.  It just looks kinda scary from the outside.  I mean I felt like once I walked in, the music would stop and everyone would look at me.  I climbed that mountain and finally visited with the BF last Friday.  We almost turned away because we didn't have cash on us, and didn't feel like hitting the ATM inside, I mean we got back in the car, talked for a second and then said what the heck!  

Walked in to a tiny little place with a LONG bar!  There were probably 4 people at the bar, and 3 people in the game room playing pool.  They had the classic MLB game on, it was like Blue Jays and Astros, funny uniforms! It was maybe 2pm.  So the bartender says, What can I get for you?  My dumbazz says "Can I see a menu", this is where the music would have stopped.  WHOOPSY, there really isn't a menu, its kind of like a snack bar, where you look up, make your choice and its done.  Burger or Dog, Fries, Onion Rings or both!! DUH!  The bartender was nice though, I wanted draft the BF wanted bottle so he suggested I get a small pitcher, it's the cheapest way to go...SOLD! Don't have to pull my leg, thats for sure!  

So, I ordered the cheeseburger, and the BF orders the gigantic chili burger, which was reduced to the smaller one by recommendation of the friendly bartender. BF sort of put up a fight, but the bartender assured him it would be plenty and if not, the next one was on him.  This turned out to be plenty for him, and I was thankful too, we had a long night ahead of us.  Much to our surprise, although I'm not sure what else we were thinking, bartender grabs a handful of meat slaps it on the flat top smooshes it down, and thus our burgers were born and cooking.  I mean, for real?  Man it was soo good, greasy yes, but everything a burger should be!  The last bite of course was the best, it had me looking for my other half, since I always cut those suckers in half.  I don't eat burgers often, but I can't wait to take my dad here, I might have finally found one place in town he's never been too.

While we were finishing up, a couple came in and sat next to us, who appeared to have just finished a golf game.  They ordered shots of Patron, I don't know how we got out without doing one with them.  The lady on the other side of us was getting her car washed next door so she said she comes in every time.  It was funny because the guy next to her, was hitting on her, and instead of asking her what she did for a living he asked her what her talents were!!  FUNNIEST thing ever!  Anyway, great place, great dive bar atmosphere!  Casual is as casual does.
This is one of those places that is hard to quantify. 

The atmosphere is dark, dreary and dirty and our waitress was tweeking.

The burgers are very good, no doubt about that. Every else sucks though; the  fries are bland, even the soda tasted stale and watered down. 

I can't comment on the beer as I didn't have any. 

There's nothing like a good dive bar/restaurant. Unfortunately, this is just a dive minus the positive adjective. 

The burgers are good enough to merit a 3 start in my opinion.
Wineburger is one of those places you know you can go to when you need a decent bite to eat at a fair price.  The cheeseburger is decent - standard bun, lettuce, tomato, pickles, and cheese (no onion for me, thanks)... but little flavor.  My lunch companion said she tasted the flavor of the red wine but I couldn't.  The fries were surprisingly good, and the basket was enough to feed at least three people.  My iced tea was strangely bland, watered down, and sour, but not entirely unpleasant.  Our waitress was really good, though - attentive, friendly, and all-around pleasant.  Another important thing to note is they are a cash-only establishment.  They do have an ATM, though.  I don't think I'll ever find myself craving a burger from Wineburger, but if I find myself around 16th St. & Camelback without any other options, I'll likely stop in for a quick bite.
If your looking for ambience or atmosphere, turn away. If your looking for a fantastic burger then this is your bag. I'd recommend takeout, that way you can enjoy the awesome burgers in a nice environment. When I first walked in, I felt like I was in Cheers and WAY out of place. I'm no rookie to the local hole-in-the-wall restaurant, so it didn't bother me so much. I ordered the normal Harvey Burger. The bartender/cook/probaby owner or something, pulled out the patties (which had been marinating in red wine and garlic, yum) and slaps em on the flat top grill. He then squirts on even more red wine as the burgers are cooking. I don't recall the price, but it wasn't too bad. Overall, great burger.
This is the second time that I've been in this place and it hasn't changed in the last few years.  This place is a bit on the scummy side but the burgers are good.   I'm sure there are better places to go but the prices are fair and the service is always friendly.   

I'm a fan but it will be another few years until I'm back again.
This is what I call a real dive bar. And truth be told I like to find a hole in the wall or dive bar to sometimes escape to. Yet I'm certain this one has probably seen better days. 

The bartenders are nice folks, the regulars I met were pleasant people and even friendly. The well liquor is rather bad, so I guess that makes the happy hour prices fair $2.50 for well drinks & $2 for beer. 

They serve food but I didn't try anything. Overheard they were having some cooler problems so I decided to pass. Most of what is on the menu will set you back about $8 bucks. But I saw that their burgers are hand formed not the frozen pressed blocks of beef so they might be as good as some people report.

They have really nice TVs and a few of them if you wish to watch something. 

But even though I want to like the place for being a dive bar steps from Camelback Road and holding on, truth is I have been to better dive bars with better menus and well drinks. Hang in there Harvey's.
Interesting place - the bartender and cook were so friendly!  The burger was good, but not great!  The locals at the bar were quite a mix of people - interesting for people watching...
Don't let the looks fool you, the grill is great here. The Reuben is as good as any I've had. I like it here to get out of the bright desert heat and have a cold draft to cool my heels for a few. The specialty is the Weinburger grilled 'ground chuck soaked in wine' on an ample bun. They've been around for a long time for a reason; lots of personality.
That old bar smell.

This goes way beyond dive bar.  I commented to my friend about the couple on barstools, 'those two are "leaving las vegas'!"   

Does any establishment need 40 taped up signs warning the would-be patron of their rules:  "NO CREDIT CARDS" --and someone wrote by hand, 'EVER'.  and "NO GUNS" and multiple "NO SMOKING" 

I ate the burger and I lived, though the meat tasted old I figured it was soooooo overly cooked that I probably was safe.

...Jesus!  I just read the review about them having cooler "problems".
The menus are greasy.
The burgers are greasy.
They only take cash. 
Real cheese.
They'll let you drink the cooking wine if you ask nicely/persistently.
The beer is cheap.
Good soda syrup/carbonation ratio. 
Monty is A W E S O M E. 
Sleazy, sad, and mostly dark. 

The bottom line here is that this place predates your Delux burgers, Fatburgers, Vig uptown or downtown, or bougie artisan pizza joint by possibly a thousand years. Alas, this is true Phoenix- the Phoenix that existed when we were acres of orange groves, palm trees, peacocks, canals, and farmland. Way back when Phoenix was modestly larger than Palm Springs and a burger was a burger. 

And if the state of affairs at Harvey's bothers you, well, then it may be time to look inward my friend. :)
Yes, it's a dive bar. But it's one of the most interesting dive bars I've ever been to.
They only have 2 beers on draft, and only about 10 items on the menu. But it's just such an interesting place to hang out and play pool, darts, pinball, or the old bowling machine.
The staff are always very friendly (although some are a bit more wild and crazy than others).
All in all, the best dive in Phoenix.
Recommended by a co-worker, and out looking for some grub I decided it was worth a shot.  Definitely a dive as described, but reasonably full so I stayed.  The service was a little slow, and the food kind of blah, but the cheese wineburger was decent if bland.  The chili cheese fries came out on a huge plate and the fries were not great, the chili tasted like it came from a can, but the cheese and onions were real and fresh.  I didn't realize it was RC Cola, which I did not enjoy, but the price was good and it was an interesting place to sit and people watch.

/overheard "I don't do anything downstairs!"
Kind of a depressing dive bar - not really my kind of hangout.  If I liked the burger, I'd recommend only ordering it to go.

I went with a patty melt, and was not impressed.  The whole cooking with wine concept may seem like a good idea, and it does make for a slightly interesting flavor, but I wouldn't call it good.  Aside from the wine flavor, the meat wasn't very good anyway, just like the other fixins and the fries.  Combined with the atmosphere and general grungy feeling (I don't know how sanitary the place is, but I wouldn't bet on it passing inspection), I definitely won't be back.
As the saying goes, don't judge a book by its cover...we walked into this place having many stereotypes like oh man, its gonna be a dive bar or u know...we're gonna be the only asians eating at this place, but it was GREAT. The lady at the bar was extremely nice and she even cooked our wine burgers right in front of us! Might be a poor man's version of benihana but whatever! still worth it! Definitely worth going, we went there everyday for 2 weeks straight, the wine burgers are delicious, and surprisingly so are the chili dogs! and very economical too! Awesome place
I am a dive bar expert.  I love me a good dive bar.  The darker and older the better.  The surly regulars on the fringes of society are my people.

This place is shit.  Not 'The Shit'.  Actual shit, as in a piece of crap.

We ordered wings, after the bartender bragged how they were the best in town, and the regulars started laughing about how they just cooked a bunch of fish they caught locally in the frier, and that our wings were gonna taste fishy.  Not in a "we're fuckin' with you" way, but more of a "we have no sense of self" way.

Homo say what!?!?

They did taste fishy!  We each ate only one.  Everyone was having a great time about it.  We left an entire plate of uneaten wings, and nobody gave a shit.  Fine, no problem.  

We finished our beers and left.

Even if the wings weren't trouty, they were way too big.  Bigger isn't better in the case of wings.  They aren't actually buffalo wings, and shouldnt resemble some bloated and abused fictional beast.  They should be from chickens.  SMALL CREATURES CALLED CHICKENS.


The end.
Dive bar with original bar food.
I've only been here twice and both times have had a good experience! The guy who we ordered food from was friendly, kind, and prompt. I think he could tell we were newbies, in fact, i'm sure he could tell. We ordered drinks, and then later ordered burgers and a side of onion rings to share. The onion rings were super delicious (i may be biased though because they are my favorite fried food!) and the Burgers were pretty darn good too for a dive bar. I think everyone should at least give them a chance if you like divey bars, good drinks, and yum-bar eats.
This gets a 5 Star Dive Bar rating because it excels at things that make dive bars great:

1. Cheap booze.

2. Great food. Also cheap. Go for the burgers.

3. Jukebox with a solid 70s, 80s, and 90's selection.

4. Games. Pool, darts, and a vintage bowling arcade.
Now accepts plastic!  Now accepts plastic!  Did you hear me?  Harvey's now accepts plastic!

I've lived around the corner from Harvey's for a little over 4 years now.  I had lunch there once in the mid 1990's, and went in to watch a Suns playoff game a few years back when my friend was decked out in Spurs gear and we were nearly lynched at Half Moon.  Quick lunch with a girlfriend who was in the mood for a burger about a year ago.  

While I love, and I do mean LOVE a good dive bar, this place scared the crap out of me.  I'm young, not hideous, female, and not of the meth-head variety - so not only did I not blend, but I felt targeted.  Sad, really.  The ONE bar within easy drunk stumbling distance from my house, and I wasn't happy going there.  During a weekday for lunch was more or less okay.  But evenings are when the freaks come out.  And I don't mean the freaks like me.  I mean the dangerous crazy ones - not just the fun crazy ones.  There's a difference!

Well, enter the new roommate.  He was disinclined to believe my review, and insisted we go.  I resisted until late Saturday night, when he came home at 1am and insisted I get dressed so we could go there for an hour.  Maybe I was tired.  Maybe I needed a change of pace.  Whatever the reason, I gave in, got dressed and we walked over to Harvey's.

YAY!  According to Echo, the bartender (yes, it's her real name.  her parents are hippies like mine), the owner has been working hard to improve the place (read: clientele) for over a year.  It shows!  

Echo is three shades of awesome - the perfect gal to be running the bar!  Easy smile, quick wit, great sense of humor and the talent to mix a great drink while cooking any of the grub from the menu.  She is a one woman show and pulls it off like a champ!

June drink specials included $2.00 Beam 5 Star bourbon, Yukon Jack, and I don't remember what else.  I asked for a bourbon and coke, the roommate asked for his bourbon neat.  (Brave - cheap bourbon *needs* to be cut with something!).  The pour is solid and consistent  Oh, and did I mention you can get a mixed drink, anytime day or night for just two bucks?  For $2!!
Two drinks for me, two shots for him, a beer chaser for him and a cheese wineburger split between us.  Under $14!!  Holy hell, it's cheaper to drink here than it is at home!

And at home - we don't have the entertainment of the other patrons.  Like Cowboy who would do the splits on demand.  And suggest my roommate go through the needed steps for a game of "rodeo" with his girlfriend. You just can't make this up!
Oh - and he bestowed slightly drunk me with a new nickname.
Apparently, I am a "prick ass bitch."  I don't know how he meant it, but I am taking it as a compliment and will wear it with pride!

Oh, yes.  I will certainly be back!  A LOT.
A solid 3, maybe 4.   I'll go 4 just because of the overall visit (friendly staff helped rate, burger not).  Here's the rundown.

Dive Bar, yep, that's good!   No pretty decked out chain or Sdale trend concept.  Ordinary bar, check, TV's with the game on, check.  Friendly wait/server staff, check (really nice hard working folks).  Did I say really nice hardworking folks (really good to see in this day-and-age).

Burger (the focus of my quest).  Just good, not great; darn it all, I was hoping for the meca of Cow.  3 on the Wheeler Rater sadly enough.... A better bun could have brought up the rating.  The cow itself was good, but not something that I'd remember; again, darn it!  Oh, the frys and onion rings were good....

I'll come back.  I like the place and the "feel" of it.    It's withstood the test of time, so my rating won't hurt the place:-)
Best burger in town for the price.  A well cooked 2/3 lb burger for under 7 bucks.  Good potato salad as a side.  Sort of a dive, but friendly, with two pool tables.
This place is great! The staff is very friendly & the food is great for the price. Not to mention awesome drink specials ($3 for Grey Goose anyone?), and the bartender pours with a heavy hand. 
Very eclectic music and fun arcade games, though we didn't play any. Being it a dive bar, I had my reservations of the clientele in the place, but when we all joined in for a group rendition of some 80s love songs, I knew it was all good.
New owners..would not honor living social deal. Place is scary looking. This is a real dive and I mean a BIG dive. We left and did not eat since they would not honor the deal, but you might not want to go there when the sun goes down.
This is a GREAT place to come to hit rock bottom after a long night of drinking.The first time I wound up at this place I was already plastered and someone thought it was a good idea to pop in here for "just one more". It was fun because we were messing around in the game room adjacent to the bar and dining area. They have pool and shuffleboard and this VERY old retro bowling game with plastic pins. It really was good times. They have a good jukebox and we wound up slow dancing to "Wonderful Tonight" with the smell of rancid grease in the air right as it was last call. 

Not quite as enjoyable when you're sober and/or it's still daylight.  I've been back a few times and each time have thought "God, how did I end up back here???" We actually came for food and drinks one time. Against my better judgement and because no one with me cared to intervene, I ordered a chili dog. Needless to say my intestines were doing gymnastics for the next two days trying get the horrid thing out of my system.  So I strongly advise against eating here. I am by no means a healthy eater but I think I've discovered my grease threshold here at Harvey's. 

Much like a trip to Walmart at Christown, I always feel a desperate need to bathe after I visit Harvey's. The drinks here however are VERY cheap. If you're short on cash and just need to knock back one or two you'd probably be OK here.
Came here one night after dinner at Durant's. COMPLETELY different scenes but this place is fun. Great service and cheap drinks. If you're looking for a high-class joint; this def aint your place-but if a chill neighborhood bar is what you're after, I highly recommend it.
I don't know how you people can hate on Harvey's. Do you not want a place to go to when you don't want to try hard ... or at all? It's cheap. It's fun. It's the one place I would go in public wearing Uggs. 

Sometimes I just want to go somewhere where the real alcoholics hang out, or as I like to call it: judge free zones. 

If you are a lady and are relatively attractive (ok, if you are a lady), someone is going to buy you a drink. Maybe even several drinks. Sometimes that is nice. Sometimes that is creepy. You get both kinds at Harvey's. Get what I am saying? I carry a knife/wine bottle opener and some mace for protection when I come to this joint. Not kidding. Once I couldn't find my little wine bottle doohickey, so I brought an actual kitchen knife. You just never know.

Yes, my friends think I am weird.
 
Back to Harvey's. I only have one gripe to pick. The new jukebox. Songs are sometimes a dollar. One song ... one whole dollar. What are you, iTunes? Give me back the old jukebox where songs were 25 cents.

Also, I don't care what anyone says. Harvey's burgers are freakin' awesome. Sometimes I crave them and then feel sorry for myself.
Just to be weird, I have only gone here for lunch. With Groupons.

All I can say is that a) the burgers are good b) it's so blatantly anti-yuppie that its actually appealing, and c) I need a leisure suit and a mid-70's Dodge to do this place right.
Been there a ton of times over the past 30 years. Same great burgers and fries, people, choice of bud and bud lite...  Its a dive. Great place to go for lunch but maybe not the best place to impress the ladies. 8)
I've passed this place hundreds of times, and finally came here for dinner on a Saturday evening.  This place is an unapologetic dive with a unique charm.  They do have a fun "game room" with a pool table and other bar games.  The menu is fairly limited to burgers, fries, and other traditional bar fare.  They also only have two beers on tap, Bud and Bud Light.  

I ordered the 1/3 lb. wineburger and a side of fries.  The burger was tasty but nothing to rave about.  They served a generous portion of fries, which, like the burger, were good but not outstanding.  Surprisingly the service was excellent, which may be due to it being a slow night.  The server/bartender/cook was very attentive, asked about the burger, made sure I always had a drink, and even repositioned the TV so I can better watch a preseason game.  

Overall, it was a good experience (3.5 stars if Yelp allowed halves).  The food is good (between quality fast-food and a trendy restaurant), the prices are more than reasonable, and the service was great.  If I go back, I would definitely try the 2/3 lb. burgers, which looked like a better choice.
We stopping in on Friday about 5:00 just to check it out. Harveys is a neighborhood dive. It felt like Cheers when we walked in. People at the bar (customers) said Hi and the waitress was right to us with menus and very friendly. OK, don't expect much in decor. The tables are sticky, like when the varnish is sticky and you can never get it clean enough to not be sticky. We had drinks very nice martinis. The bartender is a pro. I had a BLT, thin sliced bacon, crispy and just the right amount and my partner had a burger, both were excellent. 
As we left the bar crew all said bye as well as the staff. I liked the folks there.
Stopped in for my post-workout bowl of Chili and pitcher of beer and was IMPRESSED! Didn't want fancy- I was in my gym clothes. If you love a dark dive with really good food and prices this place is for you... The cook was visible and very friendly as well and the bartender was cool. The ladies was acceptable. The only thing missing was a smoking patio. I'll be back!
DIVE bar, tiny bathroom that will make you feel like you're on a submarine.

Now that that's out of the way--the beers are dirt cheap and the signature WineBurger is downright delicious.  Servers are friendly.  This place should be on the short list for anyone in the area that wants to eat out or drink with friends on a budget.
I love this place.
Its a great, chill place to go. All the bartenders are super friendly and I never have to wait to get a drink, shot or food. Not only is the staff friendly, but so are all the customers.
The wineburgers are delicious and the baskets of onions rings and fries are huge, definitely share with someone!
I finally got around to coming here last night, and I really like it!  I knew what I was getting into because A) I've been to the original wineburger at 19th ave and Bethany Home already, B) I've read the reviews and C) I knew that these two places were originally started by a pair of brothers many years ago.

Walking in, its a real divey type place.  Wood paneling on the walls, simple no frill tables and chairs, with limited decorations and dimly lit.  It's set up exactly like its sister location the original wineburger, with half of it being a bar with chairs and tables, and the other half being a pool and congregating area for those that want to do more then sit and hang on the bar.  I also saw a pinball machine, which was pretty cool as well.

They have a few TV's hanging from the walls behind the bar with a variety of sporting events on for you to watch. Granted, I'm not a huge sports fan, but it's better then staring off into space or what not.  I sat at the bar, since I felt more comfortable there, and there wasn't to many people in here, so there was more then enough seating for me. I felt really comfortable here, and didn't feel like being around a million people anyways.

They have great beer and alcohol specials during happy hour, and they have a decent menu of items to choose from. Prices are great, and the bartender here was really super cool.  Him and I chatted throughout my meal and I really enjoyed the conversation.  I went with the Jumbo Hot dog, and it was tasty...charbroiled and all, I really liked it here.

If you want a low key night out, go check this place out. Divey, dark and not half bad. Will be back in the future. I think I like it here better then I did at the original one.
About two years ago I was out here for work and I stop in here maybe by change maybe because I saw a Yelp review, but we can go for the second.  This is a total dive bar.  They have these small pitchers for when you want two beer but dont want to come back up so often.  But even better than the food and drinks, they have Duck pin bowling.  It is like a small single lane bowling alley right in the bar and it is the great bar game ever.  I was staying 45 minutes away in North Scottsdale last time I was in town and drove here just for a beer a couple quick games.  It sounds odd, but so much fun.
What's not to love about a classic dive? Do you like:
Cheap beer?
Fantastic people watching?
Duck Pin Bowling?
Awesome griddled burgers?

Sure, it's not much to look at, interior or exterior, but it's good fun all around.
Don't let the dive bar interior put you off. Even as we walked in, a bar fight was about to happen, but that just added to the experience, right along with the sticky tables and low lighting.
The waitress/bartender was really nice and both my mother and I got the burger and fries with sodas. The cook came over and asked us if we were sure we didn't want any add-ons so we just told her to throw some mushrooms on mom's and bacon on mine. She was a proper hole-in-the-wall fry cook with big hair. If laws didn't prohibit it, I have no doubt she'd have a cigarrette hanging from her lips.
The food was a surprise. While extremely greasy (you're getting a burger and fries so never expect less), it was also extremely delicious. Perfecly seared, thick-patty burger (with a unique tartness from the wine) on fresh bread with nice thick-cut bacon and great fries. It came with some onions and lettuce to top, also fresh. 
A perfect example to never judge a book by its cover. There's a reason this place has won some "best of" awards.
Great cheap burgers
Fantastic people watching
Sit at the bar to watch them cook and to mingle with the crazy regulars
Game room with pool table and pin bowling.
Great place to watch a game
Get grilled onions on your burger
This place is everything a dive bar/burger joint should be.  Open late with cheap beer and greasy burgers.  Not a fan of the chili they use for the fries though.  Service was super friendly, and the burgers are cooked where everyone can see...kinda good, since you would expect some iffy situations in the back if you couldn't see exactly what they were doing to your food.
I'll be back, it'll be a guilty pleasure.
I wanted to love it so much!! I don't  mind the divey old school feel, I just felt the burger was not all it's cracked up to be. It was juicy, but under seasoned, so it didn't have much flavor. The other thing I didn't like was the cold bun that seemed like the cheap pack from the grocery store. 

The fries and onion rings were good and I like that they serve them with ranch. 

Kudos to the waitress/bartender/cook!! She was working hard and seemed to do a great job juggling everything.
As a loyal (former) patron of Harvey's Wineburger for over 40 years, I can now announce that the change of ownership in the past year or so has murdered the magnet that kept customers coming back - their hamburgers.  A good friend was in Harvey's in the past month, and ask me to go there with him today.  He said on his previous visit, he got a lousy hamburger and suspected something had changed.  His assessment was quite accurate.

The first thing you notice when the burger is delivered is that the bun has shrunk and that the burger patty has become perfectly round, as compared to its 'jagged' predecessor, and flattened - maybe pre-formed and frozen?  The first bite discloses the sad news:  the meat is tasteless, rubbery, and absolutely nothing like the burger that has kept the joint in business 40-plus years.  Astonishingly, you can no longer taste any hint of wine in the burger.  My guess is that the rubbery consistency of the meat (they OBVIOUSLY have changed their supplier and/or grade) rejects the wine poured on it like water on Bullfrog sunscreen.    

We had heard about the ownership change several months ago with someone commenting that "oriental owners" had taken over.  The smaller microwaved-tasting bun and the Birkenstock meat are clear signs the new ownership has resorted to use of cheap ingredients - specifically the meat - the landmark's staple - to squeeze more profits while raising prices that are unrecognizable to Harvey's regulars.  

It's quite sad.  This was one of my favorite places in Phoenix - a wineburger and a game of pool - never crowded - that old dive charm...and hands down in the top 5 best burgers in town.  Apparently the new owner(s) believe all they need is a 40-year reputation.  Good luck with that, I won't be back.
Best Dive in Phoenix. Good people & drinks.
Some people go to McDonalds at midnight after a night out. But I make my way to the best juke box joint with the best burgers in town! Stupid good!
I'm not a huge bar person, so walking into a dive bar on this side of town was scary.  Was I not with a big strong male, I would have likely not even bothered.  I got a wineburger, onion rings, and beer.  The service was incredibly friendly and the conversation at the bar was entertaining.  The burger was incredibly flavorful although sort of greasy and the beer and onion rings were average. I would totally go back here (with company) for burgers and the creepy yet surprisingly friendly and entertaining atmosphere.
Incredible burger, good happy hour prices, and the NFL network? All within walking distance of my apartment? What did I do to get so lucky?!
I would drink here everyday if I lived in phoenix
If I ever want to be reminded what kind of asshole I am, I just need to reread this review and I'll know. 

Why is this the review that will serve as this reminder when I have so many Yelps explaining so much about that already? Well:

I went here on an anthropological adventure. I'd heard the regulars were noteworthy in a Bikinesque fashion. That they're scary and funny and local and Cheersish... And that everything takes forever. And that everything is average but that it's the combination of the preceding factors that make this place worthy of one adventure to see how the other half live in their natural habitat.

We walked in and were IMMEDIATELY, like within seconds, greeted by a drunken song. A man and a song and a twinkle in his eye and I was immediately charmed. 

I was expecting it to smell very strong, especially since they sell cigarettes in the vending machines, but really there was no noteworthy odor. 

The bartender was high or drunk. If she was not high or drunk, she's spent so much time in her life being either high or drunk that she now gives off a permadrunkenhigh vibe. For instance, she takes our drink orders and says, "Want menus?" and then walks away and re-asks us our order, which was a pitcher of beer. And then does not ever bring menus. Glazed eyes. I don't give a fuck ethos. 

AMF is on the menu, which I had to be reminded stands for adios mother fucker, which is just basically telling the drinker that this particular night will not be one they should bother trying to remember. Here, I could make some grand (albeit stupid) statement about how this is exactly the type of place people come to forget, but I don't think that's true considering I was the only one drinking them. 

The one gentleman we interacted with was so desperately lonely that he clung to every vestige of a chance of an opportunity to insert himself in our convo and I felt deep sympathy for him. 

All and all, I can't see any reason to ever go back but I'm glad I went and that it exists. It serves a need. It serves a population. It offers an opportunity for snobby a-holes to have a place to go on "anthropological journeys." 

Apparently, they put wine in their burgers if you're into that...
Staff is amazingly friendly. Burgers are terrific, beer is cold and I could definitely see my self coming back.
My favorite late night, pool hall-dive bar burger; albeit the only one conceivable, that is, not ony delicious but available. runonsentencesbedamned
Very accommodating to my silly group of friends. Burgers were spot on and service was impeccable!
They've changed hands again.  I'd been going there fairly regularly for something like 20 years.  The guy who started it (Harvey, I presume) ran it for around 40 years, until he died.  His daughter ran it for another five years (about) but decided running a dive bar wasn't what she wanted to do with her life and put it up for sale.

It was bought by a Vietnamese couple who upgraded the interior.  They added a bunch of big flat screen TVs, started taking credit cards.  The place used to be cash only, although they did put in an ATM a couple years back.

Harvey's signature was the wineburger, hand formed from quality beef.  Always excellent,  But the new owners switched out for preformed patties of cheaper meat.  That was a spoiler for me.  And apparently not only me.  The last time I went there under those owners I was the only one there.  I wonder why they couldn't figure out where their crowd had gone.  I ordered a hot dog.

But apparently those owners dumped the place as a loser (said the bartender).  I went there last week.  Whomever bought it brought back the first class meat (98%) with fresh, hand made patties.  It's back on my recommended list.

What other people say about the ambiance is true.  It =is= a dive bar.  I mean that in the best sense.  Cheap drinks, a friendly crowd (many of whom seem to be regulars; they know each other).

This review-o-matic only offers me a choice of 1 or 2 for ratings.  Dunno why,   But for what it is, and what it's trying to be I'd give it 4 stars.
Never can one judge a restaurant by its exterior.  Whether that makes sense or not if you ever drive south on 16th street just south of Camelback you will see a small dive bar that says Harvey's. This place makes one feel like you got off a DeLorean when you walk in with that old 70's feel.  The wooden panels, the old Budweiser signs and yes that cheers like feel with regulars. 

They have good drink specials like 2 dollar Pbr's but if you are like me and need a quick lunch bite, come in for a burger.  They only have about 3 burgers and they are cheese, regular and I believe a double.  They are delicious and taste like a good homemade burger. 

They have happy hour weekly and on weekends but weekends they go a tad longer. The 6 dollar burger with fries and a drink is my bag.
Last night I was feeling low on disposable moolah$ and fiercely craving a REAL hamburger. There was a place in the 'hood I was dying to try...and guess I'll continue dying because they were closed. *sigh* So I had my adorable better half whip out his Yelp app (yes, he actually whipped it out, it was epic!) and looked for other burgeries in the area. Since I was already heading up 16th Street, we made a beeline for Harvey's (one of those places we had driven past thousands of times, looked at interestingly, and continued on our merry way without stopping). 

I'm happy we stopped in. I *heart* dive bars w/ good food...and this is the diviest one I've been to in forever  (and yes, that includes my escapade to the Brass Rail last weekend). 

The Bears vs Cowgirls game was playing, the joint had about 6 other people enjoying cold ones, and we sat at the bar. After what seemed like FOREVER, the bahtendah came over and took our order and gave us a couple of menus. There isn't much on the menu. There doesn't have to be, from what I can tell. I ordered a cheesewineburger w/ onion rings, and my schnookums ordered a cheesewineburger w/ fries.  I'm not a huge fan of fries...but these were scrumptious and crispy and thin. The onion rings were so good, (crispy outside, soft onions inside) it felt like they were actually melting in my mouth. The burger absolute perfection, from the soft bun and juicy meat to the fresh lettuce, tomato and onion adorning it. I added ketchup and mustard to mine and it was simply heavenly. 

The bartenders are friendly without being annoying/hover-y...in fact, you may need to flag one down if you want another drink, but it was exactly what I was looking for and I will definitely stumble my way back there again instead of always driving by.  Next time I think I'll try the wings.
Went there for the first time since it just got sold again. BURGERS ARE BETTER THAN EVER!!!!!!!!!! Drink Specials are fabulous. Jessica the bartender is awesome. The New owners just Rock!!!! My husband has been going to this place since he turned 21, so for 25 years.
After eating the burger and fries I quickly decided this place will be a regular for us... Love that it's a dive bar as well .. Warning ! The burgers are very greasy but so worth it ! And the buns are grilled with a little grease too :) I usually don't eat my buns but at this place I did and will.  I'm not hungover but this is prob a really good hangover burger too !!
Based on Chad L's November 2013 review, I returned to Harvey's in March 2014 with a couple of friends.  Chad's report is correct, they have gone back to using the quality beef that kept them in business 40 years.  The sandwich is still a little smaller than the old days, but the burger is clearly hand made and absolutely delicious.  We are still debating whether you can taste the wine in the wine burger, that might require another visit or two.  They now offer a reasonably-priced lunch 'combo' that gives you great French fries (or their fabulous onion rings) with your burger in just enough quantity that you can finish them.  The table service is quick and as friendly as always. I will now put Harvey's back on my list of favorite (under $8) burger places in Phoenix.  Thank goodness for the new owners who have brought back tradition. You can't buy that "homey" feel elsewhere.
Came in the other night with a group of friends, knowing the name of this place I knew I was going to enjoy my burger! 

(Super Deluxe)
Would have given a five star but the $3 salad was the worst. It was just a bowl of lettuce and some chopped tomatoes. Onion rings awesome perfectly cooked. Cheeseburger great flavor. Awesome fireball shot $4.50 but $3.00 on Monday.
Been here before. Was good. During middle of day. Told my wyfe "you gotta try this place" its yummy. Took her for dinner. Her cheeseburger was over cooked and dry. My wings were charred and dry. Wait staff asked how it was and i told her "overcooked". She said sorry can i make u more? I said NO cant stomach anymore of their food. So what do i get in return? A FULL BILL!!! $30..... At least the wyfe learned a new drink. Wont be back here, which sucks cause they are stumbling distance from home
Our first time here. Make sure you have 40 minutes to wait for your average tasting burger. The fries tasted like they were frozen. The good 'ole boys who seemed to be regulars, were loud and disrespectful. It's your typical dark, old and average dive bar. Let's see, something positive to say... you can apparently bring your dog. Yep. Inside. Where food is being served. Awesome.
I keep trying and this place will not stop disappointing me. Lower your expectations and you may enjoy it. 
The idea is right the execution is terrible. 
I am not old but this place is brutally loud. I mean painfully so. I mention it and they turn and walk away. 
The food is priced right. The bartender / chef doesn't care anyway. 
It's cheap and obviously satisfies many. 
Unfriendly should be the first warning.
Dive bar feel, but possibly one of the best burgers I've had. Made to order and seasoned perfect. The wings are also good.
Ordered the pasta bread bowls. Got one with chicken the other mac and cheese. Chicken was raw and mushy on one and the other had no sauce and the pasta was hard. like a rock
With as much as I eat here, I'm surprised I haven't given them a review. Whenever I feel like pizza I always order from here. I order online because I have a daughter who likes to yell and scream and it is just so much easier. The order time is always accurate, I LOVE the tracker, and the delivery men are also so nice and polite. I used to go to pizza hut, but after having tons and tons of problems with the pizza-cold, gross, and skimpy toppings; I convinced my husband to let me order dominos and we have never turned back... he just wishes they had a better deep dish crust- which i dont mind either way :)
Apparantly after 10 years I've been removed from the delivery zone and told that they have never delivered to me because they have no delivery history. Hmmmm.... I've got 10 years of order history from this store but they have never delivered to me. Never, Never, Never go to this store if you can help it. HORRIBLE customer service!!
Very inconsistent food and service. Sometimes good, but 80% of the time they screw up part of my order.
I'm not embarrassed to say I love Domino's. Ok, maybe a little embarrassed, but there, I've said it.
This location is across the street from me, and gets a bunch of stars for location alone.
I tend to have some issues with cheese (darn lactose intolerance)-but the thin crust here, with their mild sauce, does not give me any indigestion whatsoever. I can indulge on their stuff whenever!! I love to add the philly cheese steak on there too, with diced tomatoes. It's a crispy, fun filled combo for me.

Delivery is always lightening fast (probably cause I live so close, but whatever).
So its Friday and I work hard all week and it has been a thing for the last month or two to have pizza every friday night and the kids love it
Well needless to say I haven't had Domino's in quite some time so I downloaded the app to order a pizza for pick up which didn't work so I ended up having to call to get the price of the quoted special for the pizza. When I pulled up I noticed the bar next door and there was loud people and smoking and sounded like a few guys arguing so definitely not a place you want to take your kids for picking up pizza. The pizza was the main reason for the trip to Domino's especially since it's a few blocks from my house so why pay the extra 5 to 6 dollars for delivery. We got the 2 medium 2 topping pizzas and 16 parmesan bread bites the pizza had hardly any sauce and the crust was really greasy like they slapped too much of the butter flavor on it and wasn't all to appetizing as a family we can eat 2 medium pizzas no problem especially being that we have hungry kids but there is still a whole pizza left over rare for our family on pizza night. The bread bites didn't come with sauce so I paid the extra 75 cents for a cup of the most awful tasting marinara sauce and the bites were greasy and so salty it was hardly edible.
So on a fair note being that the cheese was the only thing good about the pizza give this Domino's 2 stars and I won't be going back probably for another year or so just to remind myself why we never order from Domino's.
I've thought about fast food pizza and Dominos was always one I considered fast good; that being said I was wrong. Their pizza was really impressive. Make sure you get the thin crust xtra sauce and you have some really good pizza! Thanks Dominos!
I love this store... they always get my order right and fast with the delivery! This is my favorite main place to order from when I'm feeling lazy and don't want to cook lol!
I know, I know... but trust me here....

They said 35 minutes.  It was 15.

3 pizzas and a side, 2 special orders.  They got everything right though the "extra sauce" was debatable.

The pizza was hot.  Actually hot.  

The delivery guy was nice AND polite.  

But finally - this freaking Philly Cheese-steak Pizza is freaking amazing! SOOOO good!  It's limited time only, which sucks.  But order it at least once every time they offer it.  It is so bad for me, but tastes SO good.
If it weren't for Yelp making me give it at least 1 Star, this place would get ZERO, that's right, ZERO stars.  I have had one bad experience after another with these guys.  The pizza is great, IF you ever receive it after they tell you it will be a 30-min. delivery, then you call back after 1hour and they tell you "the driver is on his way", then you call back after another half hour and they can not locate your order... WTF???? have you ever heard of a COMPUTER system where you LOG orders when people call????  I know, what a fantastically high-tech concept but then maybe people would get the pizza they ordered.  I am finally writing this review because i just had the same experience at a Domino's in Phoenix ( I live in San Fran and usually order from there), (COULDN'T BELIEVE IT), so this seems to be a widespread problem.  I will never again give Domino's my business.
I have to agree with Kristin on this one - she pretty much said it all. This Domino's is fast, employs really friendly delivery men, and always delivers the food hot. Plus, they have online delivery, which is super easy and convenient - when you place their order, there's an online tracking system that lets you know when your order has been processed, your pizza is in the oven, and when the delivery guy is leaving  the store and heading to you. Of course, there is better pizza elsewhere, but South Phoenix doesn't have many good delivery options (even for the ever-popular pizza), and this Domino's great service and fresh, hot pizza makes it a pretty good option where cooking or going out aren't desirable or possible.
You know what I love best about Domino's?  You can order your pizza online!  Then you can watch it go through the process of prepping, cooking, packaging, delivering.  I find it fascinating :)
It isn't like we all don't know how a Domino's Pizza tastes.  Meh...

But when you are even too lazy to get up from the computer to order a pizza (assuming the phone is out of reach), the online deliver works excellent.  I'm a bad person for accepting convenience over taste, but sometimes one must only think of themselves.
We didn't order from this Domino's.   Southwest Airlines ordered for us and about 100+ other passengers that were stuck at the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport for about 5-6 hours.  I believe they ordered 75-80 pizzas and it did turn out to be enough to feed all of us.   

When the Domino's people showed up, some were ready to hug them, cause they were hungry.  And I will admit I was one of them.   We had so much weight in carry on luggage that trying to go get food was difficult, so what was offered free by Southwest was welcome.     I believe they sent 4 employees and used an airport cart to bring all the pizzas in.  The pizzas were not very hot, just lukewarm and that's no surprise as I don't think their ovens can rotate over 20 large pizzas at a time and we as a group had at least 3 or 4 times that many.   The pizza also had that signature cardboard smell and taste of the dominos boxes, but at the time it was so damn good.    

They didn't bring enough cheese packets and no red pepper, but there were enough napkins, people were very civil in line and we had enough to eat for hours.   It was even still acceptable after it was cold as room temp.   And anyone that has ever been in college knows that room temp pizza is just fine.   ;)
This is the Domino's that destiny (and my zip code) has assigned me in Phoenix for the past 1.5 years, and like any relationship, we've had our ups and downs. Sometimes things work smoothly, as they should, and other times, not so much. I've seen employees come in from a smoke break and start touching food without washing their hands; I've had delivery show up on time but still somehow warm or cold-ish; and I will bet money that if you call them, regardless of what time of day it is, you will get put on hold. 

However, my most recent call to them will also be my last. Instead of being greeted by a polite, knowledgeable employee, I was accosted by an angry Latino man whose tone implied I was wasting his time...by calling his job... where he works... to give them money... 

Aside from his apparent agitation at the mere thought of customer service, he also didn't know the standard ordering procedure that every other Domino's employee throughout my entire life has parroted precisely. Normally, he'd ask a series of questions that would allow me to quickly and easily place my order, but instead he just said, "You want a pizza, huh? What kind? Like toppings and stuff?"

Yes, sir, like toppings and stuff.

So, I've come to the conclusion that this store is, even as I write this, being robbed. That was not an actual Domino's employee I encountered, but rather the robber pretending to be one (Fact: this sort of thing happens all the time, as seen in countless movies). I would call the police, but as I'm leaving Phoenix shortly, forever, this criminal and the subpar Domino's he works out, however temporarily, will be out of my life for good.
I must say.... they deserve 5 stars for the improvement over their old pizza of years past. The pan pizza was restaurant quality, cheap, and delivered to my door. What more can I ask for?
Today I took the time to read all the reviews for this particular Domino's restaurant. I'm sad to find that some people have had bad experiences. I have been very lucky! The online ordering system allows me to track my food and it comes delivered piping hot and delicious. I've never visited the restaurant and can only assume they meet health code. They have never been mentioned on Dirty Dining, so I'm happy with that. Luis and Erasmo make delicious pizza and the two delivery men have always been very polite. I have no complaints and am very happy with this Domino's Restaurant and how they take care of me.
We order from this Domino's quite a bit.  Our ultimate lazy meal.  Not only can I find a coupon and place my order on Dominos.com, but the coolest part is the Order Tracker that pops up after I complete my order.  It let's me know the status of my order in real time so I am constantly aware of where it's at in the process.  From order placed, to prep, to bake, to quality check, and finally out for delivery.  In the age of wanting real-time information, the Tracker is genius!

I love the American Legends pizzas.  My favorites are the Pacific Veggie (roasted red peppers, spinach, onions, mushrooms, tomatoes and black olives with feta and provolone cheeses on a parmesan thin cracker crust) and the Firey Hawaiian (sliced ham, bacon, pineapple, roasted red peppers, jalapeños, hot sauce, and provolone cheese on a parmesan crust) on thin or Brooklyn style.

The only drawback to ordering pizza is that the dog won't leave us alone when we have it, she wants some too and will stare us down.  Funny thing, she only does this with pizza.  I guess it's true that dogs often pick up the personalities of the owners and my Bailey loves pizza just like me!

Gotta wrap this up now . . . my pizza is "out for delivery."

Whether it is a scorching weekday evening (today: 115+) when it is way too hot to even think about going outside or a late night craving on the weekends when it is just not safe for either of us to be driving, we pick up the computer and order a quick, easy, delicious meal.  Maybe even some Chocolate Lava Crunch Cakes if we want to splurge on dessert.
Well they keep bragging about how good their stuff is but it still tastes like sh*t. It is still worse than Pizza Hut and Papa Johns which is pretty bad because they are both crap too. It tastes like the same old crappy Dominos with extra salt and 10 cents worth of herbs added on and some garlic goop smeared on the crust. I'm not sure if it's any better, it's just different. That's about what I expected, but I'm still pissed. Also on my box it said "the road to enlightenment is paved with sliced italian sausage" and my inner Kwai Chang felt repulsed. "For all life is precious nor can any be replaced." A road of meat to enlightenment?! F- them. 
0 stars!
Love the Pineapple, Ham, and Jalapeno. The new pizza is good. I like the garlic flavor on the crust. I don't do carbs and pizza very often, so it is a nice treat. Ordering and paying online is awesome, and the online tracker is pretty cool. It is not Nello's, but it is still pizza. It tastes even better right from the fridge for breakfast.
We ordered three pizzas for pick-up after riding bike with friends. The staff was friendly from phone to pick-up. 

We ordered the old stand-bys, cheese, pepperoni & ham. They were great, cooked perfectly and the parm crust was awesome!
This store lost a customer. After the manager disrespected my role as customer I no longer will be ordering from this particular store.
Dominos has gotten really good in the last few years. 

You're saying, "Five stars? For Dominos? C'mon." 

No, you come on. Their pizza's good, it's fast, it's affordable, and their customer service is spectacular. Is it Spinato's or NYPD? No, but Spinato's not open late, they're way more expensive, and they don't have an awesome online ordering system.

For economy pizza delivery, it's basically the Hut vs Dominos vs Papa John's. Out of those three, my favorite is the big D.
well, first off they lied to us about their special and told us we could only get one topping per pizza when clearly advertised on the window was two topping.  While I'm sure this wasn't out of malice, just negligence, it was annoying.  My black olives prefer to be accompanied by mushrooms.  Secondly, their crust is the wonder bread equivalent of pizza dough.  Soft, airy and no chewiness at all.  I think we will stick with Little Caesars from now on when we want cheap pizzas.
This is my go-to place for dinner when I'm pressed for time or just don't really feel like cooking. My family really likes their garlic sauce to dip their pizza in. The downside is that each sauce is .75 cents each. They deliver! That saves me so much time, there is a two dollar charge for that. Tip the driver because that doesn't go towards their tip!
The pizza I order is always delicious and always ontime.
I've never had a bad experience with this location! Of course it's not the best pizza in the world, but it deserves to be measured against its own potential.

The online ordering process is really painless--don't bother calling. I was hesitant to do it at first, but they really have their system down. You can even watch a little progress meter that tells you when they are making your order, when they are checking it, and when they leave the store with it if you requested delivery. There are always coupons available online as well.

The orders we've placed have always been correct. We don't just order pizza--at times we've ordered wings, sandwiches, soda, and even specialty items like gluten-free crust pizza. They nail it every time.
Awesome service, timely delivery, and always fresh! Thanks for making our weekends an awesome night when we are too tired to make dinner. :)
Always fast and have never had an issue with my order. The Brooklyn style is especially good! One tip: always check online for coupon codes. Dominoes has a TON and you can almost always save a few bucks
I love Hooter's!!!!
No, no, not the restaurant...it's really not the best dining experience, from a "good food" perspective. 
Mr. Hooter founded his establishment (Hooter's) on the premise that a few chickens losing their wings so that we can happily dine on them and wash them down with beer is a good thing:)
It probably is a good thing (chickens don't really need their wings...even the free range clucker's can't fly:), things are just not particularly well executed at Hooters. 
Maybe it's the boobs who bought the place from Mr. Hooter that aren't living up to expectations.
Still, the patrons were at Hooter's in force yesterday afternoon.
What keeps them coming in droves?
There must be something that keeps the clients (erstwhile diners?) coming in...could it be the charitable causes (I surmised that it's something about saving owls) that Mr. Hooter supported? I understand that Hooter's is all about support!
Maybe it's the extraordinarily loud, yet incomprehensible music coming from the mis-synchronized speakers dotting the ceiling of Hooter's. I did notice that servers (all of whom seem to be young ladies in the full bloom of young lady-hood) all seem to kind of "groove" to the music, so they must like it:)
Maybe it's the comforting bosom of Hooter's "sports bar" décor (funny signs, racks and racks of sports memorabilia, posters, etc., on the walls) that the Hooters client base yearns for. Nice artwork!
Hard to say. I did notice that most of the diners were male, mid 30's to 60's and just sort of stared, glassy eyed (at the servers, not the food). That may help explain things.
The Beautiful Carin called, out of the blue, and asked me out for lunch today:)
What a nice surprise for me:)
It was a perfect day for lunch, because I was ready to get out of the office for a while and see my girl.
She suggested Hooter's (yeah, that's right...it wasn't me! :) We hadn't been to one for years, so we gave it a try. 
She had a Cobb Salad with Chicken Breasts and I had a Chicken Breast Sandwich with a side of fried pickles (I have a Norwegian heritage...we never saw a vegetable or fruit that we didn't want to fry, boil, bake or distill:)
It's funny that we both ordered something with Breasts...must have been "in the air".
It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't really good...mediocre, pedestrian, ordinary are words that come to mind. 
Even the pickles, which I had been wanting for a while.
However, inexpensive is not a word that comes to mind...$36 for salad, sandwich, pickles and iced tea!
I think we must be paying for ambiance. 
I Love Hooter's!!!!!
No, not the restaurant:)
It's Hooters guys... shouldn't expect too much here.

I will say they are somewhat expensive but recently they had all you can eat wings and another special of boneless wing basket on Wed nights and a few friends and me went there every week for that deal with a couple pitchers... but the beer is even pricey.

I do love their boneless wings and their buffalo chicken sandwiches, pickle and tater salad are a good combo.  I don't go super hot but they have a good range of heat and some honey hots and other good stuff - I say mix it up a bit and try em all out.

The scene is the same though I will say this location has some talent as of late.  You also have the sports know-it-all who got cut his freshman year and never let it go, the affliction wearing douchebag that's never rolled on a mat in his life, and the fat sloppy guy that takes all the pictures with the girls.   Don't get me wrong, there are others in there but just typical those dudes are in there. 

The girls are super nice... obviously.  But they're not gonna date you big guy - just sayin

Also, as far as I know they do provide the UFC fights for free so it's an okay backup if you don't have anywhere else to watch it.

I don't eat there a lot but it's not bad when I do :)
I went here with my boyfriend on a Friday night for wings for dinner. I was nervous getting hot wings because I don't do well with spice... I usually get wings with a sweet flavor instead of the spicy ones. But, the waitress talked me into trying the medium (after she told me that the mild wings were just basted in butter... pure lard butter...ick). So, I ate them and they actually weren't terribly hot. So, points for the waitress for talking me into trying the medium- and she even told me they'd remake them if they turned out to be too hot for me. So, this experience was a success. 

Although, the time before when I was here, I ordered a salad and I had to ask 2 different waitresses for silverware (when my friends were already eating their food) and still never got any. Had to walk up to the waitress' station myself and grab my own. 

I think this place is well-known enough for their wings without the gimmicky ploy to get men into the restaurant. But, it's apparently still working and the girls seem to be doing it well. So, good for them. But, because of the gimmick, this isn't somewhere where I'd love to hang out on a regular basis.
Hooters has closed this location, sorry.
Standard hooters, if you plan on watching a game or event get there way early.  Check that, this hooters is no longer here.
For a long time I have not gone to KFC and on this night I felt I needed it... I also had to try the Double Down sandwich.... I was greeted with a very friendly staff with prompt fast service. I ordered the Double Down with an order of Coleslaw, Mash Potatoes with gravy and one drum stick... I rate the food as followed.

Double Down Sandwich - D
Coleslaw - B+
Mash Potatoes with gravy - B+
Drum Stick - B

I have always enjoyed some KFC every once in awhile... I was glad I had made this stop I forgot how much I like the Coleslaw and Mash Potatoes with gravy great stuff... I will be back again someday for sure.
Looking forward to some original chicken, while hubby wanted a double downer. On walking in we were a bit nervous as there was no one sitting in for food and no one in drive thru. The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy. My husband couldn't get the double downer cos they only had one patty! He got a bbq burger instead, he ordered fries but was given the cold soggy wedges also. Our sodas were flat and tasted off. We won't be going back anytime soon!!
I haven't really been a huge fan of KFC, but today I thought I'd give it another shot. The drive thru was the only thing open and the person handling our had to constantly ask what it was I wanted. Even though there was only one car in front of us, the wait to get to window was about 10 minutes. When the lady started handing us our drinks, we noticed that our order was taken wrong after all that. After waiting 5 more minutes for our drinks, they then proceeds to tell us that we had to wait 5 more minutes for them to prepare the chicken. It actually turned out to be 10. The food was obviously reheated, and drinks were overfilled making them a mess to uncomfortable to touch. They also
forgot my drink. I won't  be coming back ever.
Aweful! Waited 30 Mins for food and that is with hardly anybody there.
We come here because it's closest to our home. We frequent the drive through.as its quick and easy. This last visit the associate started out with a bad attitude, and I mentioned it to my husband...she may have heard me because when we got to the window she was much better and offered us a free drink while we waited for or bucket. It's nice to see that employees will turn their attitudes around and make things better.
kentucky fried chicken so what are you expecting? the chicken way is better than what i had expected but what made my experience stand out was the service of one young man. it really seems as if they were short handed today but this young black man named Cuevon? was cool as ice. He not only handled the entire walk in without breaking a sweat but he did so professionally and with pride. If I had any business that was hiring, he'd be exactly what I want as the face of the company.
If they could only figure out how to take phone orders without putting people on hold for 6, 7, or 8 minutes or more, they'd be doing well. This Domino's is very close to my house and when I get a craving for their new, rather yummy, thin crust pizza, it's just easier for me to drive up there and order.  But then I'm relegated to sitting in the very drab waiting room.

I wouldn't necessarily recommend this location too much after sunset. They've had some issues in the parking lot (shootings and the like).
I just called to order carry out and asked if they had any deals. They said they only have deals Monday through Wednesday. As today is Saturday they claimed not to have ANY deals. I know full menu price at Dominos is crazy expensive so I hung up and called the Dominos I usually use at University and Country Club. I asked them what deals they had and they named off about 10 specials. 

I hoped this location would be good as it was on my route for running errands. If they can't remember that they always have specials I wouldn't trust them to make a pizza. Going to the other location that was our of my way was worth it.
I don't order from this dominos anymore.  The reason?  I could never get off hold whenever I called to place an order.  I have to drive 6 miles each way out of my way to pick up from another domino's.  One time I left my phone on speaker just to see how long I would be on hold.  I hung up after 10 minutes.  Terrible.
Online ordering, nice delivery driver, fast delivery BUT do NOT order the "boneless chicken" these are merely poor quality chicken nuggets. I would have rather bought mcdonalds chicken nuggets if that tells you anything. Other than that they're ok

Update: I called the location after noting that my cheesy bread had no cheese in it. The manager is sending out a new order along with an order of regular wings. I believe in second chances. Thanks Justin!
Years ago I quit going to dominos due to poor quality and lousy service... This location has made me a customer again. The food is so good , and the delivery so quick, I can't believe it's the same place.
I love this place. I've been working at this mall almost a year, stopping by here for a drink or sandwich or snack quite often. They are always so nice and the food is fresh. If I have to wait a few minutes it's okay, I know they are preparing  it right then. Today I went in for a meal. While waiting for my delicious #1  I met the nicest lady. Her name was Jeannette(sp?) and I'm pretty sure she was in management or marketing. She came out of the back of Chick- Fil- A with the owner I think. As soon as she saw a customer she ran right up to him to take care of his needs. I just wanted to say I thought that was cool. There were plenty of staff around to take care of him, it was just automatic to her and I think that speaks volumes about her character. We had a nice chat and she told me about some upcoming promotions she was doing. A couple of things were for kids. Please support this great franchise and help them help the community!
I do love this place. I'd like to put a special shout out to a cool chick who works there. Very personable and seemed to really care about her customers. Her name is Amanda, red hair, in case there's 2 that work there. She will go far in life, I can tell. Great attitude.
This is great place to grab some grub at the mall.  Everything from their coffee to their sandwiches are great.  The staff is so friendly and courteous.  Always a smile and willing to chip in that extra penny if you're short of change.  My faves are the charbroiled chicken sandwich, chicken minis, and spicy chicken sandwich.
Everything here is great! I will give it a thumbs up which makes me say, "It's a beautiful day :)."
Yuk. Dirty and gross
Lately, I have decided to try and go to places that treat their employees well.  Chick-fil-a definitely fits that bill, and their food is delicious.  When I'm trying to eat healthy, I get a chicken sandwich with no bun and a side salad.  My daughter likes the chicken nuggets, the soup, and of course, the waffle fries.  This location is in the mall so it's a good stop when you're out shopping.  The only problem I have with Chick-fil-a was the anti-gay controversy they engaged in a year or so ago but, I realize that that 1 owner doesn't speak for all store owners so I try not to hold it against them.
Every fast food place should run as wonderful as Chick-Fil-A does! Super nice employees. Always smiling. Great customer service! The cow was out hugging kids. The good is perfect everytime. A pleasure!
Love the food here, especially their spicy chicken sandwich and the waffle fries.  Can't go wrong with each other.
I love Chick-Fil-A!!! I always get the chicken strip meal. There chicken strips are amazing and the Polynesian sauce is the best dipping sauce. 

This is the closest location to me which is a little sad because that means I have to go into the mall to get it. I can't just go to the mall just for food I have to be there to do some shopping. 

The staff has always been super nice every time I go.
Oh how we need negative stars available on here. Church's tastes nothing like it used to like I remember when I was younger. Went there a few weeks back and haven't returned and won't. Ordered chicken strips, fries and mac n cheese. That was a mistake. The chicken had a weird taste to it and the fries were soaked with what tasted like rancid cooking oil. The mac n cheese was runny and bland. I don't get why there are so many Church's locations. If anything there should be more Popeyes.
I've been eating at this Church's for many years now and have never had any issues with the service or the food.  They are always courteous and prompt when I place my order, especially since my orders are always large orders.  Their prices are on par with most fast food restaurants and unlike KFC, their chicken doesn't upset my stomach.  A little tip for ordering here, if you plan on placing a large order ($30+) call ahead and make them aware so they can have it ready when you arive.
It is a Church's Chicken. You get what you should expect. Greasy chicken, strawberry soda, and a constant flow of city characters that make us country folks a bit on edge. All in all, this is a great location so long as you do not expect too much.
Darned good chicken! 

Unlike a previous reviewer I've had nothing but good experiences at Church's Chicken here in Mesa. When it gets too late to go anyplace else and I need something to eat Church's is close and easy and fast and cheap. Not only that but it tastes good. I usually prefer dark meat but sometimes I forget to tell them and get white meat, either way it's extremely moist and tender and juicy.  I've never gotten a bad batch with an unacceptable coating or meat. 

The biscuits are so good I want to eat them like cookies! I've gotten a half gallon of the sweet tea for 2 bucks on sale in hot weather and it lasted me several days in my motel room.  I tried the Apple Turnover once and it was very good. This trip I've gotten the $2.99 special two different times that has a biscuit with 2 pieces of chicken, usually a thigh and leg but today I got a thigh and a breast.  It's a fast easy meal if it's too late to go to a restaurant and it keeps well in the motel fridge too. On past trips I've  sometimes stopped by and gotten 3 or 4 pieces just to keep in the refrigerator so that if I don't feel like going out to eat I've got something on hand.  

Oh, and I went to Popeyes a few weeks ago expecting to get a good fried chicken and it was so horribly salty I couldn't eat it. Church's Chicken has never let me down.  Even the mashed potatoes and gravy weren't bad. They certainly weren't  overly salty even though I know they were made from a mix.

Now if I could just get Church's Chicken to open one near where I live in San Diego.....
WOW! The chicken I got from there was FANTASTIC! If you like crispy chicken, this is the place for you.  The biscuits we got were probably top 5 biscuits of all time.  They have honey on them. The location sucks but it is what it is.  I don't usually eat fried stuff because of my cholesterol but I would go back tomorrow if I could. Really good.
As a virgin to the tavern scene here in AZ, i'd have to go with this one being top notch for knocking the crap out of that virginity. Shister buckets of peanuts ** FREE ** for everyone to enjoy while dousing yourself with ounces of beer & liquor. $3.00 Stoli's on Mondays, Mystery Drink $2.00 & something else was $2.00 but after 3 dirty dirty martinis' i couldn't really recall much but that i made a MESS even a high school janitor would be jealous of !! :=) 

This place ROCKS & I'll definetly be back...
this is located in what used to be a pretty happening strip mall because there was one of the only movie theaters around there.
then a new googaplex opened and the whole area kind of dwindled. 
wings are good, i attest to that. but... random shooting where a person dies and four others have to go to the hospital? not really my idea of good time.
I used to go here to play No Limit Hold 'Em.  When that was eventually ousted from their roster, I never really found a reason to go back.  Its a prototypical generic bar filled with generic people eating generic protein legumes ... but the fact that you can throw those peanut shells on the floor without a care seems to make the Burbans feel super.  

Decent bottled beer selection for average prices.  I'm going to fall asleep writing th i s    r   e    v      i   . . . . .
I rarely enjoy bar food, but Teakwoods is a exception. I'm very impressed by their menu, and they always have great specialties in addition to their regular menu.
While there isn't much of a scene here late nights, it's a great spot for happy hour. The drinks are cheap, and the casual atmosphere makes it a great place to unwind. Who doesn't love tossing peanut shells on the floor?
Please note that this place should get 3 1/2 stars.

The food is very good here.  I find it way better than typical bar fare.  Their menu is better than good fo sho.  Good place to watch a game and throw peanuts around.  It is priced very well too. 

 I would actually like this place alot more, but I always get a waitor instead of a waitress! I love waitresses and I love talking to them and having fun with them.  It completes my dining experience. (GO Ahead and make fun all you want)  Waitors are just not my thing.  If you are going to have a guy in a place like this put him behind the bar and let him make a stiff drink.  Leave the waitressing to the ladies.
I've only been here once, and that's a real shame, because this place completely ruled. We stopped here by chance one day after a long night of painful, yelling-at-the-top-of-your-lungs drinking and sobered up quick. The food is a little pricey, I think, but it's definitely made with high quality ingredients. I had a ham and cheese sandwich and it was massive. No Wonder Bread at this bar, my friends; this sammy came on fantastic, fresh-baked cracked wheat with big slabs of ham and thick-sliced swiss. My loins tingle just thinking about it. My friend and I shared a giant hot pretzel with melted cheese and spicy mustard. My face pretty much melted at that point. 

The service was a little slow for a Thursday afternoon, but our charming Eddie Vedder look-alike waiter chatted us up sweetly while we waited, and was very good about keeping us hydrated. I definitely did not dig the abundance of peanut shell remains that littered the ground. As the only women in there at the time, it was also a little uncomfortable.
I've been to Teakwoods a couple different times and have enjoyed myself each and every time. My last visit was one of the most memorable. We were there in large group and they ran out of the larger draft glasses on the last 2 of us (me and my boyfriend). So, they brought us each out a mini-pitcher full of beer and charged us for the glass. Amazing! 

The service is great- quick and friendly and with peanuts on the table, you can't go wrong. Inside, it's your standard local bar (with peanut shells all over the floor). And, on the outside, it's tucked inside a strip mall with ample parking.
Teaks prides itself on not being the "pub grub" kind of place. Well, that and serving a beer called Moose Drool, which I hear has real moose saliva!

Anyway, you gotta love a place where there's peanuts in the shell on every table and you can order breakfast any time of day...or night.

How many sports bars serve breakfast anyway?

Despite the numerous plasma/LCD televisions, sometimes Teaks gives off more of a family restaurant vibe than that of a sports bar.

There are a lot of little kids in there on days and nights and it seems to be a popular post-game venue for parents following Corona del Sol home games. 

Food is good, portions are large and the variety is awesome. That alone will bring in people of any age. 

One thing I cannot understand is why, with so many great televisions, the place would rather play the stereo than put the volume on when there are games on.

During an NFL game recently it took them about a quarter to get the volume restored on the second half of the Giants/Eagles game (rather than switching to the local feed) and on one busy college football Saturday a spaghetti western popped on one screen.

Still, I can live with Sergio Leone, football and eggs.
I have been to Teakwoods many times.  I always get the wings because they are delicious and meaty and I really wish I had some right now.  They have to be the best in Chandler.

The atmosphere of the bar is a little different, as they seem to be going for a Texas Road House-style peanut eating place.  The peanuts are in huge buckets at the table, and you are encouraged to eat them and smash the shells on the floor.  I like peanuts and I love smashing things, and let's face it...being drunk is a blast, so when you combined all three and then add in some delicious chicken wings and hot servers, how can someone not recommend?
I've frequented Teakwoods for the past 10 years. And this place has changed for the worse. It used to be a trendy ski-lodge Wisconsin-Colorado bar with cute and friendly waitresses. The crowd used to be a young educated crowd who would come here for drinks before venturing out to Scottsdale or Tempe.  

Now, it almost feels like a glorified Applebees.  The crowd has gotten older. You see a lot of good ole boys and meatheads eat here. The waitresses transformed from being fun and cute girls that you would see in a trendy Tempe bar to homely girls who don't smile and seem to hate their life.  Whatever was fun and charming about this place has been lost.  Don't worry, Teakwoods will always be busy because the Applebees crowd is going to continue to flock to this place because the food and prices are excellent. However, the service and vibe has taken a major hit. I would recommend Zipps or Payton's place before Teakwoods.

In terms of watching sports, this isn't a great place. Not all of the TV's are flat screens and nearly all the TV's in that side room have old school TV's with bad reception.  They also don't have common sense in regards to programming. For example, they had the nerve to have soccer playing on several of the TV's during March Madness.
My wife and I rolled in here late yesterday afternoon to meet some of her friends. I dig joints like this as its relaxed and homey feeling. My eye immediately caught the huge vat barrel of salted peanuts at the front door - Score! Nothing like eating peanuts and chucking the shells on the floor or at other people. 

Started off with a nice refreshing pint of Guinness which hit the spot and was on special. My wife and I ordered a dozen regular chicken wings to start.And by the way, when did that automatically become the norm to serve ranch with wings. I live for a while near Buffalo in Rotten-chester...eerrrr...Rochester New York and wings are definitely supposed to be served with Blue Cheese as the dipping sauce...I digress.

Anywho, after I ordered I said to myself "Dam, I forgot to tell her blue cheese" and not the nasty ranch everyone seems to serve. When the wings arrived they were attractively plump and not dripping in wing sauce, which I find disconcerting, and low and behold there are 2 LARGE ramekins of sauce - one blue cheese and one ranch. Steven Tyler Pj's, Steven Tyler PJ's...nice call Teakwoods. The wings were really good too...I nearly canceled my dinner order and replaced it with more wings (and I should have). Only issue with the wing app there was only 4 measly pieces of celery garnished on the plate.

For dinner, I ordered the Caesar Salad with "Grilled & Chilled" shrimp. Sounded good...tasted awful...and for $13 bucks far from a good value. The salad itself wasn't bad but a Caesar should be mostly the hearts of Romaine and not inundated with the leafy crap.  I also overlooked the Caesar faux pas of the red onion rings...but the shrimp was unforgivable. My guess is the 13 dollar price point is based on the fact that it has shrimp in it and apparently the menu description of "Grilled & Chilled" shrimp actually in essence means cook a large batch of shrimp and throw them in the cooler until someone orders that salad we serve them in. That pasty mushy old shrimp taste is still in my mouth today...zoiks! Fresh grilled skewer of shrimp off the grill in the salad would have made a HUGE difference AND justified me throwin' down 16 bucks for it, which is how much you figure it costs with the tip. Maybe the owner should watch an episode of Chef Ramsey's "Kitchen Nightmares," in fact any episode, and see how he preaches about the evils of the friggin' lazy cook it all ahead of time method. 

My wife has been on Phase 1 of South Beach diet for 2 weeks and was totally cravin' a nice cheeseburger and fires. She was psyched to see sliders on the menu; however, they too were a HUGE disappointment, in fact she didn't even finish them. The bread was not moist and obviously stale, and the meat was dry and tasteless. They screwed up the fries...how do you screw up fries?  She said they were hot but dry and utterly tasteless...dude...some type of seasoning...any seasoning. 

Teakwoods did get 3 stars from which otherwise would have been 1 or 2 because the servers were cool and efficient, I liked the vibe, and free peanuts always pull me in like an electro-magnet. 

Two parting words of advice for this restaurant "Fresh Ingredients."
I went to Teakwoods this evening with my parents (who live down the street and LOVE this place). We had spent the day at the pool and didn't want to cook, and Teakwoods is the perfect place to pop in and not worry that you're wearing a bathing suit and no makeup. 

I really like the atmosphere of this place- it's very versatile. I came here while attending ASU and it was a great place for beer and wings on the cheap. But its also a great place for a casual dinner and they have pretty damn good food for a bar with peanuts on the ground. 

I had the Chicken Jack sandwich, which I always get, and it was good. The sweet potato fries I had with it very overwhelmingly spicy, which I didn't like, but I'm sure some people do. Both my parents had burgers and liked them as well. We also had bloody mary's, since they are on special on Sundays. They were fine, but nothing spectacular. I should have stuck to beer in a place like Teakwoods.
We had flat "affect" waiter.  Yes, our waiter had about as much personality as Data on Star Trek the Next Generation. On another occassion, our waitress left us on the island. You know what I mean, "here is your food, I will check on you in 45 minutes and see if you are still alive then"  Then one fine day, we had "Alcohol Only" waitress. Our waitress was friendly at first until she realized we were not going to order a bevy of drinks and rack up a thick bill and hang out for an hour. We were immediately disqualified from good service the rest of the evening. On another occassion, we had the "The Flash"  You know this waitress. If you don't know already know what you want to order and have questions, you are given a penalty. If you ask her for her opinion, she says in a very stoned face and quick manner "it's good" no descriptors, no recommendations but simply "It's good"  Then if you pause even for  a second, she says "I will be right back let me get this other table their drinks really quickly while I give you time to decide"  Then we had "Charity Case" waitress. This waitress is probably a hardworking college student or a mother of 5 at the age of 25 who hasn't slept in 3 days. Because of her situation, it is our job as patrons to be considerate and aware of her situation so if she messes up our order, forgets to refill our drinks, or gives us a dirty look if we ask for ketchup" we are supposed to forget all that.

CONCLUSION: So you are probably wondering if the service is so bad, why do I keep coming here, the food is actually pretty good and it's darn right cheap! Seriously, you can have a full dinner for 20 bucks. It's bar food done well. But what I like is the food still tastes like bard food. It's not haughty gourmet bar food that you find at Jillys or Peyton's Place. I don't want a kaiser roll for my burger, I want a normal bun! I don't want sweet potato fries, I want regular fries! t's just sad because if the service improved, we would come here more often. The only warning with regard to the food is to stick to the classic bar food items. If you see "shrimp" , "scallop" or anything that sounds like it could be offerred at a real restaurant, don't order this item. It's rather funny because people who had bad experiences here ordered the "Jalapeno Shrimp Caesar salad Wrap"..oklay that item doesn't exist but you get the idea.. Think burger, nachos, fried cheese, chicken sanwhich! Outside of those items, the food is prepared in a replicator hence the reason it doesn't taste good. The servers come in that rare cross breed of ASU apathy with "West Side" sensibility. I would also recommend you adhere to it's strict dress code if you want good service. If you are male, wear a wife beater, shorts, flip flops, Oakley sunglasses, and preferably a goatee. If you are female, wear the same thing as the guys but no goatee, instead substitute that with a rose tattoo on the back of your neck
This place is amazing and I'm going back this coming weekend.
They are known for their delicious wings and I have to admit, they are the best wings I've ever had!  The staff was extremely nice and the service was fast which was surprising considering how packed they were.  I only wish there was a location closer to my house!  People of Teakwoods, if you're reading this, please bring a location to East Mesa!!  ;)
Teakwoods is part of our regular rotation. Sometimes, you just want some bar food, and few places I've been to serve it up as well as they do here.

Whether it's wings, a burger or my wife's favorite buffalo chicken sandwich, we've been consistently able to count on a quality meal from this place.

Even though we generally get our orders to go, we have made the time on occasion to dine in and have always been happy with the atmosphere and service. 

This is your neighborhood bar, not some place that the socialites frequent as part of their weekend bar hopping routine and that is just fine with me. There are plenty of other places to go if you're more interested in the crowd than the bar. 

Teakwoods is the place to go when you want something cold on tap, peanuts on the floor, some good wings and an hour or two just hanging out with good friends.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
10 Food
10 *Drinks*
9 Service
10 Atmosphere
10 Value

This is the best bar atmosphere in The Valley and the best barfood I've ever had.  It's actually an insult to even call it barfood.  The service is great too - Kim's my favorite but this other guy that looks like Jesus is also really good.

If you don't try the pretzels (share) and check out the daily-specials menu, you're missing out.  2 meals + 7 drinks = $41.  Nice.
Alright place to go for a game. Good food, good service, pretty relaxed atmosphere. Perfect for a Monday night game or a quick bite.
Who does not like smashing someone else's nuts and then having them clean up the mess?  This is exactly what you can do at Teakwood's. 

Some bars of pretzels, some have trail mix, but only Teakwood's has buckets of peanuts in the shell. Selling them is part of the fun, Crack em' or smash em' then throw the shells on the floor. That's right the floor, so you can imagine this is not the most elegant place. 

Every night has some drink specials and a decent selection of beers as a good bar should. The food is well executed bar style menu expect to see your cheese laden and fried foods. 

I brought a friend here who had a particularly bad week and day, I did not think anything could cheer her up. After pounding on half a bucket of peanuts, her frustration was gone.
Went here with a friend since Teakwood was hosting a free poker tournament. It's a typical neighborhood bar except the theme of this place is that they offer large buckets of shelled peanuts to snack on while you wait for your order and you discard the shells on the ground giving it this dirty shell shavings kinda look. Just a note - if you have a peanut allergy, avoid this place!

anywho since it was lunch when we were there, i ordered myself a Turkey Dip and my friend an Open the Hatch Burger. Side item choices were fries, side salad, fruit, tater tots, onion rings, or sweet potato fries. I got tater tots with mine, and her's with fries. 

Service was quick, and the portions huge. The turkey dip was nothing special, quite regular bar food not exceptional and not bad either. Tater tots were crispy and seemed store bought. The burgers are huge and a real mouthful, from what I hear it's ok. Prices are moderate as well. So, anyways if you're looking for a neigborhood bar to watch the game, and looking for a place for a bite to eat, Teakwoods is fine but it's nothing special.
I love Teakwoods!! The wings are awesome and I will not eat any others.  It is a great place to pop in and have a quick beer after work or on the weekend, or really anytime.
I made my first foray into this establishment yesterday and was surprised by what I found. I don't know why, but the title of the restaurant had me envisioning stuffy people reinventing the hot wing. That's not what I found. Instead, I was treated to a down to earth bar and grill with food that tasted the way it should.

The sandwich board out front as well as numerous signs on the walls and tabletop informed me of the unbelievable number of special drink deals this place offers. I'd be astonished if someone showed up any day of the week and couldn't find a cocktail or beer they'd enjoy at a discounted price.

I ordered the hot wings and, while I wasn't blown away, they tasted as they should and were just hot enough. After relaxing with a couple beers, we ordered the soft pretzels which were fantastic. If your biggest complaint with a pretzel is that it's tied up, Teakwoods is for you. We received long strips of buttered pretzels (is it really a pretzel if it's straight? A discussion better left to a different forum) with a bowl of cheese dipping sauce.

As has been mentioned dozens of times in other reviews, they offer buckets of peanuts and allow the shells to hit the floor. This may sound fun, but as my date said "I feel bad for throwing this on the floor." Ok, maybe that's just her. The place is fun, the food is good,  and the price is great.
I typically love bars like this that aren't full of people just trying to impress one another. The kind of bars you don't dress up for, and just go to hang out with your friends and watch a game or play pool. 

I came here for happy hour last Tuesday and wasn't impressed with the drinks or customer service. I typically order wine or beer but wasn't in the mood for either. I had a bad day and wanted hard liquor. The well drinks were cheap so I ordered a vodka and cranberry and ended up with a glass of cranberry juice. I know that there was no vodka in it, so I did what I almost never do - I sent it back. I ordered a margarita pitcher instead and that was much better. Not the best margarita, but it was good enough. I split it with my friend of course because my days of drinking entire pitchers of alcohol are long over and not missed. It came with these very stale chips and salsa. I didn't want to be that a-hole customer and send 2 things back in one night, so I just shut up and ate them. $16 for a pitcher and chips and salsa wasn't a bad deal. 

Our waitress took forever to check up on us and bring us the chips. At least she didn't charge me for my cranberry juice. Besides my not so great first experience here, I can't comment on how good the food is, but I did like the atmosphere and might give this place another chance.
This place is seriously awesome. You get a bucket of peanuts to start (feel free to throw the shells on the floor) and the service is super friendly. Maybe because he was our friend, but I think they're friendly with other people too. We had the soft pretzel appetizer and my mouth just started watering just from typing that. So delicious. i had a chicken sandwich that was decent - a bit big and overwhelming for my taste but definitely tasted great. But the drinks - mmm. They had a whipped cream flavored vodka and put that in rootbeer to make the most amazing "root beer float" ever. Loved it. I also really like places that have cute specials for every day of the week, I like that feel of a place that you could go several times in a week and have a good time every time. If you're looking for a chill place to eat, hang out, have a few drinks this should be on your list.
The El Heffe Wings (boneless please) are the thing to eat here. Ask for a dipping side of Suicide sauce, an icy cold beer and you have the recipe for one great evening.
Good solid sports grill with a varied menu.  Make sure you try the cheese curds
Despite any bad or lower rated reviews, of which there are a few, this place was bustling with business last night.  

Occasionally (like all the time), I'm a tad opinionated on where I'd like to be seated.  Never by the restroom, preferably a booth, and not crammed next to another group if there are more comfortable open spaces available.  This has more to do with my personal preferences and less to do with this review but I just felt I'd throw it out there.  

I asked to be seated up on the raised level just north of the bar when the waitress began to lead us to a table on the floor level.  It was no big deal, she accommodated us easily.

Happy Hour up until 7pm, I believe.  $2 domestic drafts.  My wife got a Blue Moon for $2.50 and I had iced tea.  We also had an order of a dozen hot wings and fried cheese curds. 

This place is definitely a bar serving bar food.  Every plate that I saw delivered to a customer looked pretty tasty and piled high with food.  I saw some super looking Nachos, a huge burger with a pile of fries, somebody even had what looked like a burger patty with a side of cottage cheese and fruit.  Even that looked good.

Our server wasn't the most attentive but he got our drinks out pretty fast and when our food hit the table (brought out by a different server) he was there to refill my iced tea and to bring my wife another beer.  You can't really ask for much more in a bar.

The wings were great.  We didn't order suicide but instead opted for hot and they were okay.  Not super hot but not super mild.  The cheese curds were new to both of us and they were okay.  Sort of just like breaded, fried chewier cheese but none the less tasty.

In the end we paid $22 bucks for two beers, two apps and an iced tea.  Not bad.  

Oh yeah, you're supposed to just throw the peanut shells on the floor after eating them.  This felt weird for some reason even considering that the floor was covered with peanut shells.
They get 4-Stars for their wings! Not so many stars for their service. I always get the Honey-Hot Wings Grilled Extra Crispy! The Suicide Sauce is yummy and sometimes even hotter than before. The peanuts are always something that I enjoy while dinning in. From now on I am only going to eat at the Bar. The service there is much better. I have been here numerous times, and the manager has not even said a word in regards to "How is everything". ToGo is an option as well. The Tombstone Burger with Habaneros is a tasty burger if you are in the mood for something other than Wings!
Good place to drink. Can't say the same about the food, though. Feeling hungry I asked our server if the veggie burger had dairy or eggs in it. So, he exhales and rolls his eyes like I just asked him to help me move or something. He comes back a few minutes later and says, "The veggie burger might have dairy and eggs in it." Well, if I wasn't concerned about it I wouldn't have asked. He tells me "You should just eat it". Like I'm going to eat something that nobody knows whats in it? I emailed Teakwoods, too and spoke with a woman who said she'd let me know about the contents of the veggie burger. After a week or so and no response I sent another email. No response. 

+1 cheap drinks
+1 for peanuts
-2 for half-assed and rude service.
My very handsome boyfriend and I frequent this place every time we fall off the diet wagon. it is delicious and naughty! Exactly what we need. We both get Hoegaarden on tap. *The soft pretzel appetizers are the best thing on the menu, so American!* We each get a dozen wings, fried and then grilled, of our own favorite flavors. And we get some onion rings to share. 

The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because the service isn't always up to par, but I wouldn't expect it from a place like that. Shrugs. It's not a place for fine dining and great service, it's for beer and wings.
I'm a regular at Teakwoods. Great wings, great beer, great service.

I especially love the specials menu, they come up with some really cool dishes.

The atmosphere is really great too, very laid back with peanut shells on the floor. Teakwoods is a place where you can really chill out with friends or even on your own. It's always busy and everyone is in the mood to chat it up.
Initially, my thought was to give Teakwoods four starts.  Then I started writing my review . . . 

I can't speak to the other locations, as I have never been, but this Teakwoods is pretty awesome.  

The atmosphere here is chill. The food is great! Good, strong drinks and good beer selection. Casual friendly service. The list goes on and on.  I've been coming here for years.  I even think this was the first stop on my 21st birthday celebration many moons ago . . . YIKES!  

They have lots of TVs for the sports fans.  I will happily come here to "watch the game" because I know that I'm not going to have to sacrifice getting a good meal.  There are even healthy options if that's my goal for the day.

I love the daily drink and quesadilla specials! There are usually 4-5 drinks on special every day, plus a beer of the month, and already great prices on everything else.  The daily specials food menu ensures there is always something new on the menu for the regulars. 

The Buffalo Chicken Lavosh is fantastic (see pic), however I don't advise eating it alone, even the "half" size is huge!  The salads are good; and I am picky about my salads!  Chicken sandwiches are great.  Sliders are legit.  Wings are some of the biggest and best around!  Gyros are tasty with the nice soft pita bread.  They have vegetarian options too!  Oh, and breakfast!  I wasn't kidding, the list does go "on and on!"

A few other details, Teak's has a great juke box and a semi-separate room next door for families or big groups, it's a little less bar-ish.  Even if there isn't a game on (really, does that happen anymore?) there is always a good time to be had a Teakwoods.

The more I write about how solid this place is, I have know idea why I was only going to give it four stars. So, I figure, "What the heck?" 

As far as sports bars go, Teakwoods is as good as it gets! In fact, it is really more than just a sports bar, it is a great restaurant and bar plus sports.

Five stars it is!
Called in my Wings order. Picked it up at the bar right away. Everything was perfect. Love their Wings!
I walked in and I was immediately digusted by this place. Want a crap load of peanuts? No seriously, when you walk in there is a huge bushel of peanuts, and you can get as much as you want! Done with the shells? Just leave them on the table then brush them aside. The end result? A restaurant with peanut shells all over the place. Actually, to be quite honest, I'm being a little harsh here. I thought it was cool that they did this unlimited free peanuts thing, but it was like they were trying to compensate for something else.

Well, when I got my food I figured out what they were trying to compensate for. The salad and 'breadsticks' were just plain bad. However, I didn't really expect much. I was actually hoping my wings would be good and that the salad was just a side. The wings are nothing special at all. I thought the 'El Hefe' wings were somewhat decent, but I don't think I could have more than a half-dozen of those. Hot wings? What hot wings? I thought I ordered some, but maybe the waiter got confused. I got some cold wings with red sauce on them, they tasted 'vinegary' and that's about all.

To be fair, the service was pretty good and the server was friendly. She was helping us make decisions since it was our first time, but the food was cold on multiple occasions. A previous reviewer mentioned gorgeous staff... Not quite sure why you would prefer that instead of good food, go to a strip club? Maybe if the food was hot it could be different, but I really doubt it since the recipes here are just way off the mark.

There is really nothing special about this place. The wings are over priced for what you get, and there is better stuff available 5 minutes away from here. I love wings, and I've been trying so hard to find a good wing place in Phoenix, but I think my search continues for the time being.
I'm a wing addict and have particular tastes in what I like in a wing.  These are now officially my favorite wings in Phoenix (there are some better in NY, but alas I live here now and have to work with what I've got).  I ordered 1 dozen of the hot.  First off, glad to see blue cheese as an option, always a good sign.  Celery and carrots, check.  Good assortment of wings to drums, awesome.  The wings were also a good size with a nice amount of meat on 'em, but not too big.  Best part, the heat was perfect.  Stuck with me for sure, but a good bit of heat while still having great peppery flavor.  Very traditional flavor.  They were nice and crispy, but not overly fried so as to loose some juiciness.  Finally, there was a good bit of sauce on them.  I hate it when there's practically no sauce and I have to ask for an extra side of sauce.  These were coated and just the right amount of sloppy.  Pair that with a good $2 beer and I was a happy girl.
GREAT wings (if you like them wet ask for extra sauce on the side - they don't understand the term "wet" here), yummy steak fries and the cheesy pretzels are to die for! I also love that my draft beer (Blue Moon specifically) is always served perfectly cold and priced right!!

The atmosphere is super laid back, and the crowd is about as diverse in age and appearance as you can imagine - not an easy thing to find at a local bar and grill in AZ. 

Bonus: they keep the family/arcade room separate from the "adult" bar area.
great food with better than average "bar" food!
I'm on a quest to find the best hot wings in Phoenix; so far Teakwoods is at the top of the list - plus you get to chuck peanuts on the floor, and the staff were really friendly and helpful.  Beer was ice cold; can't go wrong with that.
Friendly sports bar with good prices on bar food.  The menu is par with other bars in the area.  Alot of teenagers and kids running around, but it doesn't really bother me.  Though I don't live in the immediate area, it seems like a popular local place.  No reason to come back because there are similar concepts closer to home, but a sold bar and grill overall.
i love throwing shit on the floor that I dont have to pick up!!! i could do without the peanuts, but i eat them just so i can throw the shell on the floor( don't judge me!) anyway.. alright beer selection on tap although there is more of a selection that comes bottled. 

The BLT i had was one of the best i have ever had, they let me add and substitute whatever i wanted. It was just delicious -seriously. Lover enjoyed his burger as well and we both loved the Greek fries!

nice cool dimly lit place to escape the wonderful 112 degree heat. somehow i always "forget" drinking makes me hotter..but meh, who cares
At first, I couldn't decide whether this place was kid friendly.  I usually shy away from restaurant slash bars with loud music and loud patrons.  On the other hand, they have high chairs, a kids menu with a word search, a number tracing picture, and tic tac toe.  There are nine, count'em, nine kid's menu items, and four are vegetarian friendly.  And there is a "family room".  I was still not convinced.  The first time I came here there was a party going on in the family room, and it seemed like we were just crammed in the corner of the restaurant.  So my daughter's school had a fundraiser at Teakwoods.  Fifteen percent of the bill went to support the school.  Maybe kid friendly, but still not connived.  Could the school be wrong?  The place was slammed and, at first, I thought we would be waiting for long periods of time for not showing up early, but management was helping pick up the slack and I assume that it was an unusually high volume Monday.  My daughter was a little skeptical about throwing peanuts on the floor, so I'm not sure if that counts as kid friendly.  She would hold out the peanut shell and watch it fall in disbelief.  There is also a video game machine with two classic arcade games, one was Galaga, one of those hutin' shootin' games, and a claw.  I resisted my daughter's urge to spend my money.  And then I noticed that the kids were playing Duck, Duck, Goose on the floor in the family room.  Okay, this places is definitely kid friendly.  How dare you think otherwise.  The wings are great, the beer cold, the Ruben dry, the spaghetti a little light on the sauce, the cups large, the wait staff overwhelmed, why didn't I get wings like last time, and Teakwoods is kid friendly.
Let's get past the fact that this place is crowded, loud, and the floor is littered with peanut shells. This is to be expected, so I am going to comment on what I want from a sports bar. 

There are plenty of flat screen T.V.'s for viewing whatever football game you want. There are also good beer specials, and the bartenders kick ass.

Now for the bar food: Fantastic. Whether it's wings, sandwiches or even soup, it is all good. Try the turkey dip or the Candlestick Carver. Both are succulent, and they use good quality bread here. The steak fries are done perfectly. Great neighborhood bar.
Oops.  Wrong location.
Teakwoods has a great bar atmosphere, and is great for watching sporting events.
We frequent this place because it is so close, but also because they have great specials and delicious food. Their menu is huge but I usually stick to the El Hefe wings and sweet potato fries w/ jalapeno ranch. their burgers are really big and very yummy also.
If only...Teakwoods at this W. Ray location would get 5 stars if only they could do a few more little things to make their service perfect, because their food already is! 

Yesterday's visit with my hubby at 3:30 p.m. (on a Saturday) - we were one of only two tables occupied in the restaurant side. The bar side was hopping and noisy! We felt a little ignored because the wait staff was so focused on the bar side. When we were served, we immediately asked for tartar and BBQ sauces, and by the time we asked a second time (the first guy forgot us completely), our food was almost cold. But still great. They switched our plates - hubby got the well-done, I got the medium-well burger, and it was too late by the time we realized it to switch back (after the condiments were on). Ugh. 

If we were served by the same person who waited on us, these mistakes wouldn't have happened - it's the result of having 2-3 people coming to our table. Plus they charge extra for tartar and BBQ - .50 each. Really? I've never had this happen at any other restaurant. 

But this is still one of our very favorite local places!!!
LOVE Teakwoods!  If you like wings, try the el jefe wings.  I get them with hot buffalo sauce instead of the mild, and I get them re-dipped after they're been grilled.  YUM! Their burgers are good too--I always get the patty melt. Delicious.  The vibe is relaxed, and it is a great place to hang out with friends.  Make sure to check out the daily menu--there is always something new!
I love their food and their takeout service via Delicious Deliveries is awesome! I've never had a bad meal or experience! I highly recommend Teakwood's!
First, you have to know that this place is CASUAL. Wear your flip flops, hat on backward, and your ASU t-shirt, and you'll be fine. Lots of TVs, pretty busy on game nights, and there's a patio.

The best part? Kids were sat on the restaurant side. Woohoo!

As for the food, just embrace the whole peanuts on the floor thing. Really. It was hard for me to chuck them on the floor, too, but it's not really a reason to dock a star... The food and service will take care of that for you, because it's as casual as the atmosphere. 

The service was just a bit slow and sloppy. Hubby was given the wrong sandwich,so I shared half of my turkey ruben with him. It was a fine sandwich--not great, but not bad. Hence the 3 stars! His cheesesteak came back out looked really yummy but the cheese sauce just didn't have any flavor. My Blue Moons were excellent. :)

So if you want a fun, casual night out, just don't go with high expectations and I think you'll be just fine!
All right.  It's come-to-Jesus time.  It's hard to watch a thriving business implode, but that's what is happening here.  I've been a regular at this Teakwoods for about 7 years now.  My husband and I liked the atmosphere, food and friendliness so much that it's safe to say we even considered this when we bought our house (within walking distance) back in 2007.  Everyone who worked there was welcoming and hard-working, from the bartenders to the servers to the bussers.  The wings (and other dishes) were great (especially as sports-bar food goes), beer selection was good, prices were reasonable.  We've seen staff (and management) come and go, but we've remained loyal, and actually have stayed good friends with many current and ex-employees, who have become like family to us.

But things have been steadily going downhill, and now I think they've nearly reached rock bottom.  

It started with cosmetic stuff.  Leaky ceilings, scruffy empty shelves behind the bar for a long time, mismatched and shabby (and some downright uncomfortable) furnishings, tatty bathrooms.

Then, the food.  We used to look forward to the daily specials; now it seems management is finding ways to "repurpose" leftovers or overstocks in new and unappealing ways and, frankly, in weird combinations.  Sliced hot dogs on a lavosh? Really?  Even one of my previously favorite appetizers, the caprese (oh--now spelled "caprice" on the menu) tastes bland and worn out.  I used to LOVE the creamy, cheesy, meaty cheeseburger soup when it appeared on the menu, but I had it just a couple of days ago and was disappointed to find it watery, virtually tasteless, and sorely lacking in the meat department.

Prices were raised (during the recent Arizona Beer Week; talk about opportunistic!), and a rash of regulars left in protest, and have stayed away.  But I and a dozen or so other regulars remained, largely because of the friendly and efficient service of a few remaining long-time servers there, along with a few awesome bartenders and wonderful bussers.  The service in general had also gone down over time, but management seems to want to drive it right into the dirt, as they decided this week to get rid of two of their best servers.  That was the last straw for pretty much all of the regulars who had remained.

I feel like I'm going through a divorce.  It's sad and depressing to watch, slowly but surely, a decent business and a fun place run into the ground (going much the same direction, apparently, as the recently closed Maricopa and Phoenix locations of Teakwoods have gone) by bad management and poor decisions, who put "profits" over people.

Why did I even give this place TWO stars? For the handful of wonderful staff who remain--AND for the wings, which are still great.  But if you MUST have them, I'd advise you to get them to go!
I don't tend to go out of my way to come here, really why would anyone. If I happen to be in the area I stop in for a drink and maybe some food but let's get it clear, THIS IS NOT A DESTINATION PLACE. I'd rather go up to SanTan, it's a bit further but a lot more quality places to go to. The noise level is a bit too much especially on a weekend day when it's family time. Service is always good but when you're the only ones at the bar, shouldn't it be? Not too much to ask.
I love this place! The cheese curds and soft pretzels are amazing:) the wings are pretty good too.
Fun place to hang out after watching my son play softball.  Love that you can  eat peanuts and throw the shells on the floor.  It's crunchy and messy looking but it's a funky divey bar.

The sandwiches looked good and the wings my son had were extremely hot.  The celery I ate was crunchy.  The funny thing here is the lime you put in the beer is cut too big and it's hard to push it in the bottle without without squirting everyone around you.

It was a fun evening.  Enjoyed the company . I needed nothing more.
I'm glad that they have a Teakwoods in the East Valley, because it became my first favorite wing place after moving here. After finding other worthy wing options in the greater Phoenix metro area, I would qualify these wings as completely respectable. I can testify that the wings here are properly sauced, reasonably crispy, and meatier than most. I know some of you gals out there are very particular about the ever-important meat-to-bone ratio, so this is why I mention it. (There's a dirty joke in there somewhere... I just KNOW it!)

Anyhow, I'm a big fan of the unlimited peanuts/throw-your-shells-on-the-floor thing, so kudos for that. Here, however, is my main gripe: You really oughta chill your salads! I come here for the wings and I often order a side salad (perhaps to feel better about my chicken-meat gluttony or just to be right with that whole Atkins-on-crack approach). Every time I've been here, the salad has been a bit less than palatable because it sat somewhere warm before being brought to me. Chilled salad, good -- warm salad, bad!

So although my heart now belongs to other wing-serving establishments, I'll never forget you, Teakwoods. I respect you for your frosty beers and your bountiful nuts. And every now and then I may have to come back and sample your goodies. Just a nibble or two... to remind me of the love we once shared. (O.K.--Not to anthropomorphize a restaurant, but that last passage had dirty jokes resplendent!)
Definitely a dive bar.  It was really dark in there when we got there around 5:30pm.  There is a "restaurant" side to it where they seat families with children, which I can appreciate, even having a small child myself.  Service was decent.  Had to wait a little bit for our waters and other drinks, and had to ask twice for a cup of water for our son.  Food was actually a little bit better than I anticipated, though my expectations were low just based on appearances.  I ordered the Chicken Jack, which was a chicken burger with avocado, bacon, & pepperjack cheese.  The ranch beans was a pretty good side too.

If you're looking for a nice, clean, peaceful place to take your family to enjoy a nice dinner, this isn't the place for you.  If you want a place to hang out, throw down a few beers, watch some UFC, and throw peanut shells on the ground as you eat them, then you found your spot.  I won't be a regular there, but I am not opposed to going back in the future.

Side note:  They accept the Passport card.  You get a free entree of equal or lesser value.  That's really why I tried this place out.
Bought a Living Social deal for the Teakwood Tavern & Grill. My wife and I went there for lunch on a Saturday. The beer is cold, peanuts delish and the Ruben tasty. We liked it so much; I recently saw a Groupon come out and purchased it. Looks like another trip for lunch and a couple cold ones.
Great wings, burgers. All Current sports on many tvs spread evenly through the restaurant.
I am from the East Coast and am used to dive bars being a certain way, but this one is truly unique in that there are peanut shells littering the floors.  As I sat there, eating the roasted peanuts, and waiting for my food to arrive, I felt uneasy dumping my shells onto the floor.  I said to my friend, OMG, littering is okay here and I do not know how I feel about this.  

So after my initial shock of dropped peanut shells and the first bite of my Sue-Ruben, and the country music performers on stage creating a nice atmosphere, I started to get into the groove of things.  Throwing your shells on the floor can actually be quite liberating! lol

I am a foodie and I must say that I was impressed with their take on the turkey ruben.  It was not as yummy as some of the places that make turkey rubens in NJ or NYC, but it truly did come in second for my taste buds.  

My friends wings were a little bland and the hot sauce that he ordered on the side was not that appealing.  Maybe I need to try more of their wings another time, since everyone seems to love them; but I am a stickler at times.

The service was amazing and they had great drink specials, although I did not partake because I had been drinking earlier at RnR in Scottsdale and my stomach needed a rest.

Go here for: A great country-like setting, great sandwiches, good service, and nice drink specials.  I will be back.
What to say. Our waitress was so incredibly rude.  If my food wasn't good then I would give have given it one star. This was my first and last time going there. There is another bar/grill a few doors down that is so much better and less expensive. The only good thing about this place is that there are vegetarian items on the menu.
I was told about this place several months ago and every time I was in Phoenix, I just plain forgot....that was until about a week ago.  As usual, my girlfriend and I were looking for a place to eat and could not decide where to go.  We were both getting grumpy and hungry when I remembered, finally, Teakwoods!  A friend of mine had told me about their wings and how good they were.  I told him I like HOT and he said that I would love this place for their suicide wings.  When we walked in I first noticed the peanut shells all over the floor and the buckets of peanuts on the tables, "Cool I can make a mess and not get yelled at!"  We sat down and the waitress came right over to us with menus and took our drink orders.  She was the only waitress there for the first half of our visit and she didn't miss a beat even though there were about five other tables, unfortunately I can't remember her name, but it was a very unusual name.  My girlfriend and I both order the suicide wings and we were not at all disappointed.  The flavor was great!  They were extremely hot, but not enough to kill the chicken flavor and they didn't have that vinegary "sauce-out-of-the-bottle" taste that many wings have.  I will be honest, it was our first visit, but not our last!  Also, don't forget to scan the tag and get 15% off your food bill!
I got the Jack Not Jill sandwich.  Maybe it was my fault for changing the hamburger bun out to wheat toast but, this sandwich was very lackluster.  The fries were soggy and not crisp at all.  I won't be rushing back and, if I did go back I would definitely order something different.
I've been to Teakwoods a few times for happy hour and for lunch / dinner. The service is always great the food isn't anything to really rave about. The atmosphere is kind of uninviting it's dark and has peanut shells all over the place and I almost slipped on some once and I imagine after a couple drinks even though you may not feel the fall it's still not something I want to worry about. Anyway the service is nice and the food is reasonably priced  and it's in a pretty good location.
Ive never been a fan of Teakwoods food, but they usually have good drinks specials.

All I ask is that if you have a specific drink special, like say, Four Peak Fridays list the beers that you have for them. Somewhere. Anywhere. On the printed "special" menu for the day, on a chalkboard, SOMEWHERE. Also, we had someone at our table that asked the waitress for a hefe that wasnt Blue Moon and she said "We have Shock Top", but failed to mention that the Shock Top that they have was the October seasonal- not the usual hefe.

Other than a few issues, which usually involve uninformed waitresses, this place is a great place to watch a game. Lots of TVs, pitcher specials, free peanuts, and after the game, good live music.
I have lived down the street for a couple of years, but a good friend from college just moved to town so we needed a place to grab a beer.  Enter the Teakwoods. Since they won 2012 Best Wings ( If you are into that) and it fits the bill nicely. The wait staff are all really friendly from the hostesses to the bus people.  It's a pretty typical neighborhood bar although they do have a separate section of the restaurant for families to hang out so you have less of the "Sweet Home Alabama" looks.  It's a very comfy place with lots of TV's and always a people around.

The wings according to all my friends are very good.  Since I am a vegetarian I highly recommend the ultimate grilled cheese sans bacon.  It's not the healthiest thing you could ever have, but it goes great with a Snake-Bite.  I also appreciate that any of their burgers can be ordered with a veggie patty so you can switch up from the grilled cheese every once in awhile. The food is really good and way above what you would expect from you standard bar food.

This is a great bar if you want a friendly atmosphere and good food.

Try:
* Onion Rings
* Ultimate Grilled Cheese w/ Snake-Bite
* Pretzel Appetizer
* $2.99 Jager shots
In one sentence:  If you're looking for peanuts-on-the-floor casual, lots of TV's covering every major sport (quietly) with home-cooked bar-type food that obviously didn't come out of a box off the Sysco truck, this is your place.

Mashed potatoes:  Real.  Gravy:  home made.   Onion rings:  Freshly battered.  French dip sandwich:  Best we've had in years.   Beer:  Cold, fresh, and local.   Service:  Friendly and attentive.  Prices:  Reasonable.  Atmosphere:  Casual, borderline boisterous for dinnertime on a Thursday.   Kid-friendly:  Yes, but you'll probably be seated in the side room if you have them with you.  I'm fine with that.

This is a good place and doesn't reek of "chain".  We'll be back for sure.
Out of a dozen visits, its still a tossup if I'd recommend it. The service, food, and ambiance varies greatly from day to day and also lunch to dinner.

The good:
- This is where I come for wings. They have a great selection of flavors & sauces, and after having wings elsewhere, I came back to Teakwoods. Generally, the wings are big, juicy, and slathered with sauce.
-Daily specials, always something new
-Peanuts at your table while you wait
-TV screens everywhere
-Live music on the weekends
-Occasionally they offer Groupon deals- $15 for $30 of food? Yes please!
-Happy hour specials (though I've never once made it here during their selected times)

The bad:
-Drinks. Both alcohol and nonalcoholic drinks here leave much to be desired.
   * The bartender has a very weak pour on their daily specials, so what looks like a good deal at $3.50 a glass will end up taking you 2x as many drink orders as normal.
  * I think they use tap water for their teas and drinking water. It taste so horrible, I've had to send drinks back several times and I just don't order them now. If you are thirsty, get a soda.
-Food quality during lunch hour. You'll have better luck around dinnertime, but slower service. Lunches here have been disappointing about 50% of the time. 
-During sports games, you do NOT want to bring your family here, even if its right after church. It will be super crowded and don't be surprised if you are seated next to a boisterous, foulmouthed gang of disrespectful adults who scream their heads off every goal.
-Prices jumped 15% after they got voted 'Best of Phoenix' for their wings.
I come to this location ALOT because I liked the food and service but for a while the service has been going downhill and my last 3 times have been very disappointing.  I always go for dinner and usually after the happy hour is over so it's not that crowded but service is always lacking.  

We had a different server each of the last 3 times we went and all of them need to learn the basics because they didn't have a clue.  Our drinks would usually take about 15 minutes to make it to us and our food orders were wrong for 2 out of 3 people at our table.  I had to ask for a side of ranch 3 times before it finally showed up and by that time, about 15 minutes, my food was cold and the other 2 people that were seated with me had finished their food.  

Finally we decided to leave and asked for our bills.  It took 4 tries before she got the bills correct.  Each time she would put someones food with another persons drinks and totals were off.  We kept repeating what each of us had ordered but she would just interrupt and say that she knew what it was and would fix it.  Four tries later she got it right.  Believe it or not, no exaggeration, it took us about 25 minutes to pay the bill because she kept making mistakes.  

On a good note the food is usually very good, I like the peanuts at the table, and it's a great place to watch the games.  I feel that the management in this place needs to pay more attention to what is going on. The prices I've noticed have gone up but the quality of service has definitely gone down.  I think I'm gonna give Teakwoods a break for a while and see what other sports bars in the area have to offer.  Time to start searching Yelp for a new spot :)
Perfect neighborhood bar!!! Great, I mean great food and stiff drinks. Doesn't get better!!!
Love the JessJess wings, the best!
Great food, sweet staff, cool atmosphere, annnd family friendly :) A++
my fiance and i probably frequent teakwood about once a month, and they have the best wings in town. they are grilled after cooking which is almost a bonus in my book, they have many different variations of flavors etc and on tuesdays they run a special on wings. everyday they have a specials menu which in my opinion is the menu to eat from once. i had the some burro most recently and it was probably the best thing ive had there. definitely a must visit.
Best. Wings. Ever.

I think they're fried and then grilled? I don't know. I just know they're ridiculously good. I'm a picky wing eater. I like them cooked a very specific way and that's how they make them, and it's probably why they win awards. Also, they allow me to order all flats, which makes me extra happy. If you're a chicken wing lover, you've probably already tried this place. If not, you ought to. Immediately.
Drinks were not as good as previous 20 visits. Specials have changed and aren't as good. The Bloody Mary was no longer unique, simply Major Peter's mix, which has too much horseradish for me. If I am to make a return trip, I will need some serious convincing from someone.
Burger was not as juicy as other places. It just felt dry. It filled me up but I think that was because the bun was so big. 

Good news is that you get an options on fries! Either big fries, skinny fries, or tots. 

The place has alot of TV so it's perfect for sports events. I was watching the Boston Marathon bombers being caught so I will never forget it :-)
really friendly service; they serve four peaks beers, and though inside was very busy and loud, the outdoor seating was lovely.
The bbq chicken lavosh is the -bomb-.
What a disappointment... 

We were craving delicious, juicy burgers and what we got were burgers that were dried out, tasteless, and way overcooked. This is due to the cooks pressing on the burgers while they cook, and either not knowing or not caring what temperature they end up being. And my bacon was black, seriously, completely burnt. Those burgers are not worth $12 a piece. The fries weren't seasoned, they were awfully bland. The only thing that tasted good was my coke.  Also, Yelpers talked about Teakwoods having live music and the server said they've gotten lazy and never book bands anymore, and have actually taken the event calendar down. I don't see us going back. My generous two star rating is for the atmosphere; I liked the upbeat bar feel it has.
After our last disappointment I wrote to Teakwoods and they invited us back; dinner on them. Again, we ordered a couple of burgers. This time the burgers were cooked exactly how we wanted them, seasoned nicely, the cheese was melted and the bacon was perfect. The meal was very good this time. Now, keep in mind the manager knew we were coming in and which table we were. So now we have to come back again to see how the service and food is without management babysitting our table. We both hope our next time in will be just as good as the last because we both really want to like this place.
Our waiter was awesome, the place was comfortable but run down a little. Burgers were huge, tasty, and delicious. The string frys we had were crisp, fresh and hot. The wings were awesome the soft pretzel was really, really good. And everything came out super fast! Good beer selection. A really good all around place. And we are picky people:) it was a little pricey, but well worth the good food and atmosphere
The wings are pretty good and they have some good happy hour/reverse happy hour specials. Our bartender was friendly & attentive. Their quesadilla is okay - not the best/worst that I've had.
I've never actually eaten in the restaurant. The hubby and I order from here once a week and have it delivered via Delicious Deliveries. 

We've tried numerous things on the menu and everything is wonderful and exactly what you would except from a Tavern. Its good, simple food that hits the spot. They are one of the few places that offer numerous types of French fries and each type of fries are really yummy. My favorite is the sweet potato fries and not every place offers those. My husband loves the club! I have taken a bite or two of the club myself and its high quality lunchmeat. I also really enjoy the chicken mac mac. 

This is definitely a great place!
We have been regulars at Teakwoods for more than 18 years.  Can't beat their wings.  Best in town hands down.

Unfortunately, their prices have gotten high and the quality of their other food isn't the same as in years past.  My favorite was always Wednesday night soup with their Chicken Enchilada Soup, but they have changed it somehow.  Won't even order it again.  They also changed their seating and the high top chairs are very uncomfortable.  Feel like you are tipped and slipping down.

We used to go at least 1 once a week and now maybe once every other month.
I have a love/hate relationship with Teakwoods.  I love their wings and pretty much hate everything else. Upon walking in your greeted by a mass amounts of peanut shells on the floor (personal pet peeve but I'll get over it since it's becoming really popular in restaurants nowadays). The restaurant seems disjointed you enter from the bar side and if you're looking for a more relax feel you walk through an empty door frame to the other side which doesn't seem to match the Bar side of the restaurant. The service is normally friendly but very spotty sometimes I can get a refill, other times it's hard as reading the Grapes of Wrath. By know you're asking why do I even bother? The wings here are just that Damn good! I've had most of the flavors but my favorites are the Jeffe and original hot. The wings are always hot, crispy and saucy (well the ones that are supposed to be)! The salads are nothing to write about but nicely pair with the wings to help cut the fat. The last time I went I had the Zucchini chips and they were hot and crispy yet void of any real flavor, I had to immediately dunked them in  ranch for any satisfaction. Bottom line is as long as this place can satisfy my wing cravings I'll remain a loyal customer. PS- On some weekend nights they have live music.
Awesome food. And great service. I got the honey hot BBQ wings and couldn't handle it. They swamped it out for the honey BBQ for free. Way to run a business!  Highly recommend.
just try the pretzels!!!!!!! they are heaven.
We stopped in here for happy hour one evening at 5 pm on a Friday and it was packed.  The place is split into 2 rooms and a patio.  We met a few friends in the back of one of the rooms.  We noticed there were peanut shells on the floor...cool, it's one of those places.

Since they were so busy it took a long time to get our order placed.  We had to flag down a server to get her attention.  Since we didn't want to wait twice, we ordered our Beer and food at the same time.  We browsed the menu and decided to order:

Nachos, $10.99
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/teakwoods-tavern-and-grill-chandler?select=ruOZKt-DpRCwkcmVfGWchg#ruOZKt-DpRCwkcmVfGWchg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/teakwoods-tavern-and-grill-chandler?select=AqTkhQINOjPqzCu6D0Xrqw#AqTkhQINOjPqzCu6D0Xrqw

Philly Cheesesteak, $10.99
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/teakwoods-tavern-and-grill-chandler?select=xeOWkFF0VogD-h3tJYsJ0g#xeOWkFF0VogD-h3tJYsJ0g

The Nachos were huge, enough for 2 people.  They were good and had decent flavor.  The Guac and Sour Cream come in small cups so you have to dip your Chips in them or take a knife to put on your Chips....I don't prefer to eat my Nachos that way.

The Philly Cheesesteak was pretty good too....far from the best I've ever had, but decent.

There were plenty of TV's in the restaurant, so we were able to keep apprised of the hockey/football games on the tube.

We had to flag down the server for refills of the Beer....that was the one downside to the visit was the service.  Perhaps we caught them on a short-handed night?  I dunno....

Return Factor - 50%
Teakwoods is another great place for wings in this area. 

Seriously, if you're thinking about going to Wing Stop, turn around and go to Teaks. Come on. You're already in the area, right?

Chill ambiance. Enjoy some peanuts and drop your shells on the floor if you please. 

Great spot for a casual workweek lunch, live music on the weekend, or just catching a game. 

Plenty of beers on tap for everyone's taste.

I haven't ventured much beyond the wings, but with good reason: They're delicious!

Two of my favorites are classic Hot, Suicide. Plenty of sauce and finished just crispy enough.

Don't forget to check out their unique wing combinations! The Jess Jess is a combo of their Medium sauce and BLEU CHEESE cooked into the wings. And it will blow.your.mind. 

Since I carry the "Yelp Torch" in our relationship, Dude approves of this place. 

Not so sure if it's the wings, or the t-shirts with the Teakwoods Moose you can purchase that say, "Nice rack!" but know we'll be back -  Wings for sure; maybe I'll finally buy one of the shirts.

Check out Teakwoods on your quest for great wings in Chandler.
This is by far my favorite place to get some decent wings. Working in San Jose all the time, I've struggled to find a good wing place. Smoke Eaters isn't bad, but it pales in comparison to this place...
The service here is usually top notch. Although sometimes they get really busy and you end up having to wait a bit, but that's with any decent restaurant... The fact that they are always busy should tell you that the food and beer is pretty damn good.
I haven't really tried any of the other food here besides the wings... Although my wife said that their sliders are pretty good as well.
As for the atmosphere, it's noisy, fun, and you get to throw peanuts and peanut shells at your friends, or on the floor... whichever.

So, some friendly advice... If you like REALLY spicy wings, get the Suicide wings... The flavor is great, and they have one hellofa kick!
If you like a little bit of heat with a LOT of flavor, get the El Heffe wings. They are delicious and have a wonderful garlicy flavor. Usually I get half El Heffe and half Suicide...

The other wings here are delicious as well, just depends on your tastes and how spicy you want them.
A buddy of mine had gone there recently and I was very impressed with service. Our server was very friendly and made sure that we were taken care of quickly when we needed a drink. The wings are the best I've had here in the valley. I also had the philly cheese steak, which I wasn't impressed with but the wings made up for it.
I love this place for several reasons.  1.)  Excellent service all of the time.  2.)  Cold fresh beer on tap, can't be beat.  And 3.)   because all of the food I've tried there has been excellent.  They have burgers, fajitas and Philly cheese steak, to name a few choices.  The menu is extensive.  If you like your wings on the saucy side make sure to order them "sloppy" or they could come to you on the dry side, but still just as tasty.    Cold beer, great service, great food and ALL of the sports games on TV's.  It just can't be beat.  5 stars.
Been eating at this place for over 15 years, regularly... some of the older employees recognize us... and then we get this jerk for a manager. For 15 years on and off I order and they make chicken or beef tacos for me al a carte. So, I order them like usual and the mgr. comes over and says I won't make them for you, not on the menu. OK... I say, just put some ground beef in a tortilla and I am good. He says no! I am so frustrated! This was my favorite dive bar and now, on principle, I refuse to go back. I asked the manager if I could speak to the owner and he said no... boy, I wonder how much business this jerk has lost / is losing for this poor owner!
I too, have been a customer of Teakwoods for 15 years or more.  I used to frequent the restaurant more often before the gang shooting at the establishment in 2007.  First off, you cannot beat shelled peanuts that you are allowed to throw on the floor...I've always thought that was very cool.  The food has changed over the years, but they still do some pretty great bar and grill grub.  Their shoestring fries with hot cheese is to die for.  So are their wings, onion rings, fried zucchini, soft baked pretzels, and Chicken Jack (Not Jill) sandwiches. The atmosphere has changed over the years, as well as the service and attitude.  It's kind of hit or miss now.  You might get both great food and service, but it's a 50-50 shot that the service or food might be sub par.  I still love the place for nostalgic purposes, but it's changed quite a bit through the years.
Went out with 8 people for dinner. The service was fast and friendly. They had very interesting choices. Great wings! Good burgers that hit the spot. I had the cheese burger lavosh. It was like a cheeseburger on a cracker. Couldn't finish it, but it didn't make you feel too full. We're definitely going back!
Great food, great prices, great service, family friendly. 

Love the wings, the cheese curds, the lavosh, the edamame.
Since Teakwoods always came up as a source for great wings, we jetted over and checked it out. We'd been to the one that closed in Scottsdale awhile back. very large sports bar (the TVs were small but covered every wall). So great for sports fans. We ordered El Heffe, the Thai wings, and regular old hot. I loved the hot myself, they were HOT, a couple levels over Hooters hot. Flavor was great. The Thai wings had fresh basil leaves fried on and chili flakes in the sauce. My guest loved them, Also the heffe wings with Cilantro and garlic grilled onto them were pretty good. I still prefer the good old hot wing which we ordered with a great blue cheese dressing on the side. Comes with carrots and celery

Beer was old and they always give you a fresh iced glass with a refill, This is a wonderful thing....bill was very reasonable $15 for beers and wings. Now THAT'S happy hour!
This is a local bar that I can walk to from my house, so I end up here probably more than I should.  The food is fine for bar food, but over priced.  The drinks are fine and they have decent specials during happy hour.
Purchased a living social deal to try this place out. I LOVE that they have delicious cheese curds (a must try) & free peanuts & $6 pitchers during happy hour. Their burgers on the other hand were awful. So bad my husband only ate one or two bites... 

We will most definitely try it again, but minus the burger next time!
Love the Jess Jess- They closed location closest to us- We drive to this one. Just for the wings.
This place is well rounded.

-Great large wings (can actually get suicide wings which fit the name)
-Tasty sandwiches (Candlestick carver is yummy)
-Monthly beer specials, good beer selection
-Moosehead is always on special
-Plenty of free peanuts
-Sports an plenty of large TVs
-Daily Specials and HH deals

Relaxed and casual  good go to spot when group is indecisive on food type.
New Yorkers outside of New York strike me as really obnoxious. They're always going on about the frickin Yankees, bitching about how there's no good pizza for thousands of miles, or, when they feel sappy, whining about how they miss autumn. When I kindly suggest that they move back to this seemingly wonderful place whence they came, they always respond with some variation of "Fuck off." Just trying to be helpful!

So I was a little skeptical of Native New Yorker, but that was dumb, because this is a first class establishment. Immediately striking is that the sports bar portion of the building is well-lit, awesome since its a rarity in bars around these parts. Who can blame a man for wanting a good look at the ladies and what he's about to eat? 

And what he should eat is the chicken wings, because they're damn good, and this is coming from a guy that usually doesn't bother because navigating chicken skin and tendons to try and get full is a pain in the ass. Naturally the wings are served in a variety of flavors and intensities, similar to Buffalo Wild Wings except delicious. The "suicide" flavor isn't overpoweringly spicy, but it certainly offers some kick. What really makes the wings special, though, is the texture. The very outermost layer of these meaty delights offers a touch of crispness that might suggest a brief moment spent on the barbecue, but then your teeth sink right into the meat of the tender morsel. Plus if you come just for drinks and aren't really hungry, you can order as few as one wing for the sake of something to chew on. Grand idea. 

Also, the karaoke here is pretty awesome because it's actual sloppy drunk people instead of American Idol wannabes, just like God intended. And the beer is cold. Amen.
I just don't get this place.  All the food comes straight from Cysco and falls into their fryer and onto your table.  The wings are lukewarm.  The service is bad.  The lighting is terrible.  The place looks dirty.  My wife had the fried fish and shrimp.  The shrimp were tiny and obviously from the frozen section of Costco.  So were the fish.  So were the curly fries (but those are damn good anyway)
I have to agree with Richard's review.  Also, Junk should try visiting New York instead of just stereotyping based on a select few.

My boyfriend and I walked into this place thinking it might help us transition a little easier to living in the southwest, as we've just moved here from New York City.  I'm originally from the Midwest, so I have no qualms about New York attitudes and food and J is very open to trying everything.  At first glance, it seems like it might be a nice place, though it is very dark, almost like a dive bar with no windows.  The hostess didn't immediately recognize us as customers as she was playing with her cell phone, so J tried to get her attention with a joke about native New Yorkers (the people, not the restaurant).  Her response was a hazy glance and a slow "what?" as she attempted to half-smile her way out of the situation.  

Eventually we were seated in a room that looked like it was still waiting for decoration, lights, and maybe some barriers.  It was literally one big square room with about 20-30 tables strewn about and tiny uncomfortable booths lining the mostly windowless walls.  The kitchen opened into this one room via one of the corners, luckily we were seated across the room from it, though there didn't appear to be much going on.  We were there for lunch, though only about 3 other couples and a family with a horde of obnoxious screaming children were present for the meal, or lack thereof.  I immediately took note of the small portion sizes and the greasy sheen over everything, including the tables and seats.  

By the time we got our menus, which were also dripping wet from just having been wiped down with a greasy rag, we weren't hungry.  The food on the menu is bland, boring all-American bar food:  plain old burgers, french fries, and finger food.  This isn't to say they didn't have spaghetti, BLTs and flash-fried fish, but I barely got past the first half of the menu before it slid out of my hand.  We didn't stay for food once our drinks (water, as we were never asked what we wanted to drink) arrived.  It was probably a one-time thing, but my water had bits of something floating in it, and it wasn't lemon.  

Needless to say, I can't say anything about the food, but the service was completely lacking.  Also, I'm not a huge fan of dining in a greasy basement.
Love this place. I make it there on Fridays for happy hour and the bar area is almost full by 5pm. Always something great to watch on their many TV's. Food is outstanding, for as long as I can remember I have not had a bad plate of anything. Wings are superb, nachos are best around! Friendly staff and the new management that is out on the floor greeting customers and checking on things. Highly recommended if in the area.
I love the food the service is good too!
My fiance and I come here often to play buzztime trivia since it is right down the street from our house. The food is hit or miss. Not very consistent and nothing to write home about. The turkey in the rye sandwich is pretty good and I would probably only recommend getting one of the sandwiches, wings and/or beer at this location. The burgers and apps can be very iffy. The service along with the food is very hit or miss. The last time we ate here two days ago it took at least ten minutes until anyone noticed or greeted us and we sat in one of the main booths in the bar area which wasn't very busy. Once we were greeted service was decent this time. A couple of times we have been here we have gotten a very ditzy waitress who forgets everything the second she takes the order and never comes to check on the table until after you are finished with everything or no longer need what you needed her for in the first place. On the other hand the manager Andrew is very nice and he goes out of his way to make sure his guests are happy. Any time he is working we have a much better experience. We will probably still go back to this Native because it is one of our favorite places to go to play trivia however we have learned at this point what to order and what not to order as well as the service may not always be top notch. I would recommend to this restaurant to be more consistent with your service and quality of food.
I waited 11 minutes just for my server (Travis) to acknowledge me and take my drink order. It took him another 3 minutes to bring my drink to me (an iced tea no less) and to take my order. Plus another waiter had to remind my server to bring me my drink ... Not good service at all.
Bad food,, very slow service. Did I say over priced. Save your money eat somewhere else.
.basic hamburger taste bad. How does this place stay in business.
Eat here for lunch at least once a week. Place is usually quiet service is always good. Food is always good.  But then again I mainly order mild wings with sauces and tots. The new season tots are really good.  A must try.
Can I possibly be the first to review this fine establishment?  Inconceivable!

I've ordered from this location a few times-only carry-out I believe.  As far as Domino's goes, this one seems to be reliable in a pinch.  Pizza has been consistently hot, not soggy, and not disgusting.  On-line ordering is convenient and there's always a special.  I should warn you the carry-out experience will not always go smoothly.

Last time I picked up, this was the conversation:

Me:  Hi, I'm here to pick up an order.
Domino's Associate (DA):  Have you ordered yet?
Me:  Uh, yes.
DA:  Have you paid?
Me:  Yes (while thinking "shouldn't you know.")
DA:  Okay, here's your pizza.  Thank you.
Me:  I ordered drinks.
DA:  Oh yeah, a Coke and a Coke Zero, Coke-Coke Zero, Coke-Coke Zero, Coke-Coke Zero.......repeats as he trails off to the cooler.
DA:  Here you go...hands me a Sprite and a Diet Coke.

I shall spare you the rest.  I was comforted to see a few older employees working there.  Somehow I have convinced myself there is less of a chance of the cheese on my pizza having been up someone's nose.
Dudes...the new pizza is awesome!  I ordered three pizzas, cheesy bread, and chicken kickers for my office team lunch.  I ordered it at 9:30 am for the 11:45 am meeting and the food arrived hot, fresh, and delicious.  The only reason I will not afford five stars is because they brought no napkins or plates...

Love the new sauce, love the new crust, the pan style is awesome!
I'm painting my living room and have no time to cook, I can't say this is reviewable its dominos... The delivery guys are really friendly and courteous.
This dominos is hit or miss--usually hit.  The deals are usually good, delivery is usually quick and the people are usually very friendly.  A few times, I've had the driver get lost on the way to my condo (which is pretty easy to find) and been really bad at listening to my directions as I try to help them over the phone.  Other than a few issues with delivery people my experiences have been pretty good.  Prices are good!
This place is terrible with deliveries. If this is the closest pizza place then I would suggest you don't go here or order carry out and pick it up yourself. The last 2 times they have been between 60-75 minutes to deliver. They also don't have the audacity to make it up. Carry out - don't do delivery!!!
Yucky yucky yuck pizza undercooked and bbq chkn looking like charcoal at least we got refunded right away big mess of food. Yikes defy will not order again.
I have done both here...picked up pizza from this location and had it delivered...for several years.  The staff is superb and, for whatever reason, they do a better job with their pizza than other Domino's locations I've tried.  I order online most of the time, and the process is so easy!  I love the tracker, which helps me gauge when the pizza will be on its way.  They are super fast!  Once the tracker shows they've left for delivery, they are here in 7-10 minutes...and yet the pizza arrives piping hot and DONE.  No corners are cut.  I love love love the thin, crispy crust, and typically order it with pineapple and ham.  My husband also enjoys the thin crust, but I always include a hand-tossed pepperoni and sausage pizza for him.  Recently we tried one of the new pasta dishes, which was very good.  They've added a lot of new items to the menu to increase our choices...but I still love the pizza best! Even though this is considered "fast food" pizza, it is just so darn good!  Have tried the competitors, but they can't compare.  Keeping making great pizzas on Ray Road, and thank you for the consistency!
The food in general has been great. But they mess up on our order almost every other time. The customer service was great until as of late where we had someone talk back to me and say it was our fault and that we ordered the pizza wrong. When in reality I ordered it correctly. It's a shame, we didn't even eat the pizza because the toppings were wrong and the customer service was so terrible.
Looks like we'll be sticking with Pizza Hut.
New specialty chicken was really good. The thin crust pizza I ordered was amazing and the service was exceptional. Much more cheerful than last time.
We have been customers for nearly twenty years. Been through many people and managers there. The food is always good and the service has always been friendly; however, lately we've had trouble getting the small detail correctly like:"NO Mushrooms" . Sandwiches having the wrong ingredients, as if someone's mind is on other things and/or they aren't listening or reading properly. But all in all the "kids" are doing a great job. Yes, they try to be fastest in the country I think, that might be the problem with the orders not being like they should be. Slow done a bit people, and get it right :) instead. No worries!!! We love ya...
L.C. Durant
i ordered Chicken & Bacon carbonara specialty pizza. This pizza was delivered in about 20 minutes. The pizza is delicious. i will be ordering from them again for sure.
Best place to come and watch college football while eating some spicy buffalo wings or any of the other buffalo wing sauce combos . They have a great variety of wings which are all really good and they have some good beer on top plus they show pretty much every college or professional sporting game taking place around the nation on their dozens of plasma TVs. They even have plasmas  over the urinals in the bathroom so u won't miss out on any of the action.
I've been here several times in the last year or so, and I feel like I must have been drunk each time because I swear I hardly remember anything.  Then again, maybe I do remember it correctly all things considered....

We go here to watch football with friends.  I can tell you more about the games than I can the food, though I remember really liking the wings and the fries.  And my friend likes one of their burgers - she couldn't remember the name when I asked her.  What I do remember is they have a great selection of TVs.  Folks were watching 2-3 different games and everyone thought they had a good seat for it.  That can be pretty rare in a sports bar.  And it was LOUD!  By noon or so we were having to speak pretty loudly just to hear each other.  

It was still an awesome place to watch the game.  Food was good (Even if not overly memorable) and the atmosphere felt a bit nicer than a normal sports bar even though most folks were wearing sports themed clothing and yelling at the TV.  That alone is pretty impressive.
Once again, this is a chain, so you know what you're getting when you walk in the door.

This particular location isn't my favorite, and I cant really quantify why.  Maybe its because the place is usually packed when I decide to show up.  Maybe I was just bloated and irritated each of the two times that I creased their cushions.

Anyway, I like wings, and I LOVE the BWW (not BBW) Asian Zing.  Its sweet, its spicy... kind of like Charo on the Surreal Life.  You gotta admit, she's pretty hot for being what... 89 years old.

Hey you wacky vegetarians... check out their garden burger.  This omnivore says: "Pretty darn good".

-Swoop
I have eaten at BW3 in a few states and I like the bar atmosphere and the great wings.  My favorite sauce is the Asian Zing.  It can be packed so unless you want to be crushed by sports fans, don't go on a big game day.  Oh and there is one disgusting thing on the menu, I think its called Southwest poppers, totally barfable, not even the staff will eat them.
First of all it smelled like sewage, we couldn't enjoy our food!!

And for it being a "wing" place their wings aren't that good. My favorite for wings is Uncle Bears....way better!!

Drinks (alcoholic) weren't that great either, I had to switch to a beer.

The service was ok.
BW3 used to stand for Buffalo Wild Wings and Weck.  What happened to Weck?  Was he fired?  Can they legitimately still call themselves BW3 if they are really BW2?  Is that misleading?  Are they Buffalo Wings and Water now?  That won't work because only Beer washes down chicken wings properly.  Then they would be BW2&B.  That's just awkward.

Anyway, I had the jerk chicken sandwich.  They actually pulled it off better than I expected.  The spice rub had plenty of pleasant hottness and it was seared and slightly blackened.  The wings were pretty tasty (I grabbed one of my wife's) but not as good as the ones I make at home.

Service was good and the atmosphere was an interesting and almost fun mix of sports bar and family restaurant.  We happened to hit on Guitar Hero night so the kids liked that.  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?
We were craving wings, it was a Saturday so we checked it out and it was very good. Good wings, cold beer at a very good price, lots of big tv screens the Olympics were on so kids loved it ,the music was loud so it made our Saturday night a good one.
This is the place is were i first went for BWW and i was sold after the first time we would go once a week to this place until i moved back to CA now there is one out here and i still go all the time
I've gone to this location a couple of times, mostly because the boyfriend suggests it often and its close to home. But, I can't say I've ever had a bad experience. I've tried a few different things on the menu (considering I'm not a huge fan of wings... weird huh?). I think my favorite was the chicken breast sandwich with a honey BBQ sauce. I got a side salad... it was a little weird, but they didn't have an italian dressing- not sure if they were out or if they didn't carry one. Either way, the ranch dressing worked well. We also tried the popcorn shrimp as an appetizer.. those were very good as well.
I have been to many of the BWW locations around the state and all seem to have very similar service and food.  Its too bad their service is not good, because this place can have some great specials and good wings.  BWW also has a decent selection of beer, although there have been a couple of times where the waitress doesn't know anything about beer.  Here is an example:

Me: Do you have Kiltlifter on tap?
Waitress: No. (I order something else and she takes everyones else's order) 
Waitress:  Well wait a minute, do you mean Four Peaks?  Because we have Four Peaks?
Me:  Four Peaks Kiltlifter?
Waitress: Yes.....

In summary I would have given this place 4 stars for the food, but the sometimes long waits and the unknowledgeable staff make it 3 stars.
I recently bought a great coupon book, that has discounts for everything imaginable in my area. I figured, since we're new to this part of the Valley, I'd buy it (not to mention the $$ goes towards a great cause).

Went to BWW's, after driving past it a couple of times....should've done exactly that, keep on driving. 

We decided to use our buy 1 sampler, get one free... Sat at the bar, with some old horny drunk next to me, trying to hit on all the girls. We ordered the BBQ sandwich sliders and a sampler platter (onion rings, boneless wings, nachos, mozzarella sticks w/3 dipping sauces). Hubby ordered some beer and I drank a "berry" lemonade. 

Got our drinks which BTW, were not that good...beer wasn't as "hoppy" as my husband would've liked it to be, he asked the bartender which was a better choice and she was useless. My lemonade tasted like crap...my next order was water.

Food got to us, but we had no utensils or napkins, had to ask for those. Onion rings were really good, mozz sticks were ok as well... wings...isn't this what this place is known for... they were mediocre. Tried the sliders...I've had better pulled pork (like the one I make or Famous Dave's). 

Once we were done eating, I had to ask for my bill abt 3x's. Thankfully we had that coupon, because if it was up to me, I wouldn't have paid squat! 

I was contemplating giving the rest of the coupons that I had for this place, to the guys next to me...we won't be needing them.
back when buffalo, roamed this land
before cowboys & Indians
the west back then, was truly wild
open range, mile after mile
that's when, I guess, buffalo had wings
long before the hooters' thing
and i thought them, long extinct
at least that's what most folks would think
but on the outskirts, all around
the mesa, gilbert, chandler towns
buffalo with wild wings
those feathered, furry, horny things
started landing in strip centers
along with all the other renters
cookie cutter, propagate
i don't dig, this kind of place
suppose, for some, they're a-ok
just glad they build them far away
from my house, they're not my thing
bacon burgers, wings and rings
fried mozzarella....everything 
next generation, burger kings
run of the mill, you know the game
jilly's, chilis, all the same
sysco truck stops, drops food off 
thaw 'em out and heat em up
served in baskets, side of fries
and that, i guess, the reason why
i'm glad that you are out that way
with all the other 'burban chains
and all this time, thought you extinct
brought back i guess, from the brink
outskirts of phoenix,  it's all good
just please don't put one, in my 'hood
It's a chain, but eating with my fingers, what's not to like. I'm a wimp in the spicy department so, I don't often eat buffalo hot wings because everyone I'm with orders the "hot" ones.  I like the sauce options at Wild Wings and the and the wings are meaty. I had the Parmesan Garlic and the Asian Zing. It's also cool that small portions are available so I was able to order 2 versions. I was able to tolerate the Asian Zing, so maybe I'll try the mild or even medium classic versions next time.
My hubby ordered the Jerk Chicken Sandwich and he really liked it. The onion rings were pretty darn good, too. 
The only thing negative on this visit was the sucky Berry Lemonade made with Minute Maid Lemonade, I thought for the price it would have been fresh squeezed, but alas I did not read the small type.
I ate here last weekend. The bacon burger I had was pretty dry. The wings were a little soggy somehow. It's a good thing I was pounding 23oz Stella's or this may get a 1 or a 2. Service was okay. Not much else to add unfortunately.
There were so many TVs, I couldn't decide what to watch, I settled on the one in front of me. There were so many beers on tap, I couldn't decide what to drink, so I just decided to hydrate with some water. There were so many delicious wing sauce flavors, I had to narrow it down to two. I went with the Spicy BBQ and the Mango Habanero. I like spicy, but not too spicy - these were perfect. The word "habanero" scared me a little, but the server can bring out a sample of all of the sauces so that you know what you are getting in to. I also tried my cousin's Spicy Garlic, and they were really good too! The House Salad was ok, nothing exciting, but it was a pretty good size. The dressing came in little packets, which I thought was a little strange. Either way, I'll go back for more wings!
I don't know if it's the fact that we went here twice in one week (once Tuesday and once Thursday) but after like 10 wings or so they all taste the same. Meh...I still love that burning sensation around the mouth when I finish all 12 of the BLAZIN wings and then get to chug them down with BEER!!! 

this place gets a 4 for atmosphere, nice staff, good deals on certain nights, and fun entertainment type stuff.
We eat here about once every other week. Try and go on Tuesdays cause it's a good deal (wing nite- 40c wings). I like the traditional honey BBQ. Not as big a fan of the boneless wings. Good beer. Can go with the guys to watch a game or take the kids as they have video games, trivia, etc. Have tried the burgers and other stuff and they are just okay. I stick with wings now. For what it's worth we also go to the Chandler mall one. They have a drier/crispy wing where as the Gilbert ones seem to be more wet/ more sauce. So visit the one you prefer.
I was pleasantly surprised when I tried Buffalo Wild Wings for the first time yesterday. The boneless hot wings were mighty tasty. They also offer a remarkable selection of wing sauces from garlic to habenero. The atmosphere is full on  "sports bar" - I can imagine it gets really packed in here on game days.
I'm not hugely into sports, but I go there with friends to hang out and have a good time. We all like wings and BBQ so this place is popular and we take over the couches and coffee table whenever we can and watch off the TVs and chill out after a long day and watch what's on.

The food there is good, pretty average but not necessarily disappointing! I really like the honey BBQ wings and ribs combo - the ribs are separated and come with lots of fall-off-the-bone meat. The ranch and celery served is fresh and compliments the food we get. My boyfriend has ordered the Bacon burger there and he was really happy with it when he got it and ate it pretty fast! Good drinks (nonalcoholic) and the tea isn't bad!

I like the servers there - never met one who was inattentive or unfriendly. We can usually strike up conversation with them, and if we ask if they can change a channel for us, they have always complied willingly. We tend to visit during the off-hours so there's not much of a crowd there. Whether its family or friends, this place caters to what we wanna do - eat well and have fun!

On a final note, the bathrooms always look clean and have TVs with the game playing, so you never miss a beat or play!
Dont waist your time!  We got here at 6:30 on sat night for a friends birthday. When we sat down we ordered a beer each and everyone wanted to do a shot so we all did one. We at that point we ordered chips and queso dip. 45 min later we ask about the queso and the waitress said she will check on it. She comes back out the kitchen and says they are making it now. WTF this is chips from a bag and some cheese dip the put in a microwave. Unreal. 10 min later our chips and queso show up. Everytime we ordered a beer it took 15-20 min to get. No joke. Its because they have one person bartending on a saturday night. Not sure why, but the place was only about a third full but she was backed up and the manager was not helping. At about 8:30 a few more people show up and we got another shot and now my third beer in two hours. When the waitress brings the drinks she tells us the manager says we cant order anymore drinks for 30 45 min. I said why not. She says the manager says we cant serve you anymore shots cause there is a limit to how much we can serve you in a certain amount of time. I said you have got to be kiddding me. On my third beer and two little girl foo foo shots and we are cut off, one hour for queso dip , you are f$#kin kidding me. I said check please we are out of here. We were not being loud or causing in attention to us for any reason. It was the most melow I have seen a grpup of 10 be at a bar. A few people went outside to smoke every once in a while and each end of the table had there own conversation going on.The worst service, I have never seen this before. I have been drinkin at the bars for a while and I have to say 3 12oz bottel beers and 2 shots in 2 and a half hours on a sat night is a slow start at the bar. This place is horrible. If I could give them 0 stars or negative stars I would! Im sorry I guess Im the only one going to the bar on a sat night to get a littel drunk.
I was torn between "meh" and "A-ok" on this one but went with the 3 stars because the service was good.  Food was more on the "meh" side.  

Ordered boneless wings, which I wasn't aware it also meant chicken-less wings - more breading than chicken in my opinion.  Although I have to say I love all the flavors they have to choose from for the sauce - they bring out all the sauces with little spoons so you can try the different flavors. 

For dinner got the Parmesan Garlic Chicken flatbread - very much on the "meh" side.  It was kinda dry and bland.  Not something I would order again.  

We might be back as they have a ton of tvs and seems like it would be a cool place to watch a game, but I will try the bone-in wings next time and something other than flatbread.
I am between 3.5 to 4 stars but the service was great so I bumped the review up.

I like the shrimp and the boneless wings, great selection of sauces. I ate lunch there with some friends and they said their salad and sandwich were average, but nothing to write home about (they did eat all their food) 

If your there to watch sports, you will love it. If your there to talk shop or do a little business it was a little noisy and there are TV's everywhere distracting you.

Bottom line, Good sports bar and fun place, not the best place to do business.

I will be back for shrimp and boneless wings and to enjoy a cold one with the game
For opening night of the NFL season, I followed a meetup group to Buffalo Wild Wings.  The overall experience was mediocre at best. Parking was a challenge - at first I was excited to see available spots in front of the restaurant. Despite the yellow caution tape that appeared either a tree was falling or a crime had recently taken place, the car in front of me drove through and parked. I followed the lead, only to soon discover that those spots were roped off and we had to find another parking spot. Being a busy game night, all of the remaining spots were filled in the back, the sides and even around the defunct restaurant next door. Eventually I found a spot and made my way to the front door, where I discovered much like the parking lot, nothing was available. I made my way to the bar and wedged by way betwixt two apparent regulars. 

The atmosphere was naturally very loud. A restaurant with several televisions, a packed house and music during the commercials made it difficult to communicate. Looking over the large selection of beers on tap, I was excited to see some of my favorites. One of the bartenders gave a rundown of the specials and mentioned that although other things were on sale, they just tapped the Oktoberfest keg. Sounds great! How much is that? $5.50, she said. Being that it was 5:30, I was expected some happy hour prices on something. Combined with the NFL opening night, I thought surely there is a deal to be had here. How about Kilt Lifter? When she said $6, I was surprised. Some of my favorite establishments offer that brew for $2.25 during happy hour and only $4.50 at off-times. Thanks, I'll go with a Miller LIte. Perhaps there was a special because my receipt showed the first Miller Lite was $3.50, and the next two were $4.00 each. Wouldn't it be nice if bars offered drinks in economies of scale? The more you drink, the cheaper it is? But I digress...

I ordered the buffalo wings, because really, how can you go to a place called Buffalo Wild Wings and not have the Wild Wings, from Buffalo? An order of 12 wings was $8.99. Seems a little high for a 5:30 time slot. I went with the hot - and they were hot (spicy and temperature) at first, but as the temperature cooled down, I didn't notice the spice portion being that hot. Unfortunately most of the wings were about the size of a McNugget. I barely found 1-2 that I would have considered normal size. If it were a fish, I'd throw it back. 

Meeting a friend, I placed an order for the ribs & shrimp combo, which set us back $12.50 and while the portion was descent, it was less impressive than the McNugget wings. The fries were good, the popcorn shrimp small but tasty, and it even had some cole slaw - surprisingly the best part of the plate. The ribs were small and didn't have a lot of meat on them - which wasn't really a bad thing because what meat was there really had no flavor whatsoever. It wasn't even that hot either. Maybe warm, but closer to room temperature. Certainly not something I would repeaidly order t for $12.50. 

All in all, the challenge to find parking and a side, the loud atmosphere which reminded me why I don't like many guys, and a tab of mediocre food & drink totaling more than $35.00 for a two-three hour extravaganza, left me thinking next time I will skip it and find somewhere that provided better food and prices.
The service was great and the wings are always excellent. :)

Cold beer, hot wings, great appetizers... perfect place to go and watch some football.
BW'S is a family favorite. That's not just a slogan. My kids are Gluten free and there are not a whole lot of places I can take them for dinner. 
They can eat the chicken wings no sauce and we are all addicted to their fries. 
I know Gail the owner. She used to have a play kitchen in her restaurant for the kids but unfortunately corporate made her remove it.
She tries to create an atmosphere where parents can bring their kids and they don't have to stress out about making them behave like 70 year old ladies. It makes it a little more relaxing for us. 
And besides the food I love being able to watch sports while I'm with my family.
Good Stuff, Thanks Gail
First off... LOVE the fried mushrooms and fried pickles... honestly can't really find those anywhere else around - not that i've seen.

Wings are always good though I do have a issue with the amount of hard breading that's on the boneless chicken wings... always seems excessive. 

Salsa seems to change temperature, the girl says sometimes it's too hot for her, but mostly is the same. Different cooks perhaps? 

Celery costs extra = lame... it's frickin celery... Anyways, at least they don't charge for refills lol... (yet).

Location is great for college/pro sports as it's packed and always some good cheering going on... fun to be there during games.  Place gets packed during UFC fights too fyi.  Cool basketball arcade game too!  Lots of TV's too
This is a review that's long overdue. I should be ashamed. But I must confess I have a real thing for wings. I like them extra crispy. So I go to BW3 fairly regularly. They cook mine eight extra minutes. They are delicious. Now the way I rationalize my slavish behavior toward this addiction is that I take work with me and I spend time out of my office (and away from distractions) and critique my writing students.

What makes this place so terrific is the staff. I mean, I could go to a different BW3, or even another wing place, but then I wouldn't be treated like a queen. The server who usually takes care of me is MJ and she's terrific. She sets me up so I can get my work done in relative quiet (I know, there's music and sports but I can tune it out) and she keeps me in diet coke and delicious wings. I get a lot done. Marc, the manager, is always really kind and makes sure I'm happy. Even Gail, the owner, has taken time on more than one occasion to sit down and check in, talk about my work.

This place has it all - the great wings, the great staff. I love my occasional office away from home.
TV's galore.  Wing flavors a-plenty.  And a fairly decent variety of brews on tap.  Our server was very friendly, happy to help out us newbies.  She brought out a bunch of different wing sauces for us to try before we ordered.  We opted for the Wild sauce and spicy garlic - both tasty!  Will definitely be back to grab some more wings and check out a big game.
BBW is a great place to take the family and have a beer and some wings,watch some sports and watch people.

Yes its mostly bar food but its good bar food.
The main reason I go is the owner Gail gives back to local community and schools and is not greedy about sharing and helping others. I have never met her,wouldnt know her if I saw her but I have seen the things she has done for the local teams,schools and even churchs in this day of political correctness.

Thumbs up, thanks!
For the price of the wings I was expecting more chicken on the wings.  I've had better wings elsewhere.
Remember on the sitcom Cheers how "...everybody knows your name, and they're always glad you came..." - well, that's how I feel when I go to this particular Buffalo Wild Wings. I'm always treated like a visiting friend who everyone is happy to see. And though I have a special order (wings cooked 8 extra minutes) it's right every time.

I take editing/critique work up there and spend an hour or so at it (gets me out of the office once in a while). MJ always keeps my glass full and the wings crispy. I get a lot done and am treated to terrific conversation. I can't say enough about this place or the people there.

If you love wings, this Buffalo Wild Wings is a must. And have them add 8 extra minutes. It's worth the wait.
My wife and I had lunch here-first time we've eaten here. Started with the deep fried garlic mushrooms and they were fantastic. We weren't sure about their sauces for the wings and ribs, so they brought out a sampler and let us try a little of each that interested us. I had the ribs and chicken tenders and my wife went with the ribs and wings. The honey BBQ sauce is great with just a bit of bite (I'm not a "super spicy" person) and my wife loved the garlic parmesan sauce on her wings. Ribs were scrumptious and the onion rings were fantastic. Typically skip desserts but decided to try the chocolate cake with ice cream-cake would have been better warmed but it was great! Service was exceptional and we had an excellent experience - would recommend for anyone.
I think I may be addicted to this place. This location is a  bit out of my way, but after a terrible experience at the Superstition Springs Buffalo Wild Wings this became my go-to place. All of the servers are incredibly nice and efficient, and my order always comes exactly as I ordered. I've been here twice during the 2011 Stanley Cup finals and was happy that they had the sound on loud enough in the bar, but not too loud that you had to shout to the other people at the table. The food is consistently perfect, the atmosphere is great, and all of the employees I have encountered are friendly. The drink specials aren't too bad either. You can't go wrong!
Consistently mediocre food. One day you might get wings drowning in sauce, and the next day get scarcely any. Other than that, you pretty much know what to expect here. The food is just OK, the prices are just OK, service mostly just OK - unless you get Jared and then service is 5 star. My biggest gripes - it's always WAY too loud in the bar (loud music makes people have to shout across the table) and they charge 50c for blue cheese when they have a wing special. Really???
Best location in town! :)
I hang out here quite often because they have NTN trivia and often mutiple people playing. They're food is certainly not the best. The wing sauce is top notch but the wings are all small and half broken. The wraps are good. All appetizers are just deep fried from frozen package usual crap. The wait staff is always really nice. I hate the fact that they try to make this a Ohio State Buckeyes bar and the staff wears Buckeyes shirts on Fridays. The walls are painted and plastered with a bunch of Ohio State crap which is pretty lame. Bottom line is it's close to my house, they have trivia and great beer selection but the food is crap and Ohio State sucks!
Ohio state bar in Arizona. Nice. So if I ever move out here I know there are enough Clevelanders to hang with.  The service was great and the captain morgan special wing sauce was sweet with enough hotness to bring some heat but not burn me down.  It replicates memories of hanging out watching the 2007 Indians eating wings and drinking beer.  The place is great for families, couples, or buddies hanging out trying to relive the good ole days.  Boneless wings were good.  I still prefer traditional bone in wings.
In the past year, sadly, my husband and I have witnessed the closing of a few different BWW locations. Our favorite was just across the street from Fiesta mall and conveniently on my route home. I used to come to this location years ago when it first opened. 

My hub and I are big BWW fans, so I took him to this one and he liked it. It's only a few minutes from our house. We're big chicken enthusiasts, so we hit it up once a month. When my in-laws come into town, we go with them. My 2yr old LOVES their mini corn-dogs and french fries. She likes to watch all the tvs too. 

Let's talk service: Back when they first opened, service was spectacular. Barely any waiting, quick on the refills, and very friendly. Years later, the friendliness is still there, but that's about it. Sometimes we wait up to half an hour waiting for our wings. That's just too long for wings. Seriously! Also, wouldn't you think in a place that serves spicy wings, the refills would be continuous. Not so much. There have been a few times where I've stopped eating because I refuse to continue without my beverage to cool off with in between wings. 

So-so service, loud restaurant, but REALLY good wings. We'll be back soon, always hoping for better service. :)
This is a regular spot for my hubby and I to take the kids, hang out and enjoy some good wings. They are always so willing to let us taste and re taste the sauces and will even exchange wings if we really don't like the flavor we picked. We go enough now that we pick the same thing all the time but for newcomers don't be intimidated by so many choices.
The fried pickles are SO good and they have some great happy hour specials as well. 
The service has always been good for us and friendly. 
There are a ton of good choices for beer on tap and bottled and overall it is a great spot. If you are looking for quiet though, pick someplace else. It is a very loud place and that makes it a great place to bring the kids;-)
The TV's are nice, the beer is cold, and the food is OK. I originally wrote a "if you have been to one, you've been to them all" review because they really are all very similar - that's what franchises do... but the management reached out and wanted to make things right! So I have updated the review and now I'll eat my words, and who knows? Maybe their wings???
This place, and the one on Elliot near Cooper Rd got me thinking BWW has my favorite wings. I know I like to spread the love on local businesses and this isn't really one, but it's locally owned. I see the owner all the time in the restaurants, or at Gilbert parade and events so I feel like I'm still supporting a local business. 

I also did the Blazin' Challenge here Jan 2012. I finished it in 5:57. With 3 seconds left to go! So look for my picture gracing the wall for the rest of 2012. The real challenge with that is being able to eat 12 wings in 6 minutes. That is tough enough by itself. I do have to say Teakwoods has hotter wings than here but this is enough to put me in sooo much pain. 

When I'm not trying to kill myself with blazin wings, I love watching games/fights here. There is a bazillion TV's everywhere. They usually have great drink specials when I'm there and of course I'm tearing up some wings since they are amazing! 

Even compared to other BBW in the valley, I feel like the owner makes her staff go above and beyond and I get a better experience here than any other BBW outside of Gilbert. 

Protip: If you live in the area, sign up for their text updates and I get messages from them letting me know when they have "extra special" specials.
I completed the "Blazin' Challenge" and whooo buddy was I burnin'. It was fun though. The only con: they make you pay for the challenge, like $20 for the wings, they didn't have our shirts, and your name only stays on the board for a short while. Everything else was good though - wings are great & they have lots of flavors to choose from.
Eh.... This place was ok. Super loud and made me want to keep using hand sanitizer.. Don't ask me why.... The food was run of the mill, not wowed. I would go back because a very fun and lively atmosphere that was fun, but I guess that is the focus of this place... Fun.
Great neighborhood bar/restaurant with cold beer, good food, and a great staff!!
Classic b-dubs experience. Buffalo wild wings can be very inconsistent based on where you are but this is a great one. There are great wings and fast service there is nothing more you could ask for.
Fun place for wings and drinks.  Lots of great sauces.  This place will do a sauce tasting for you, which is pretty awesome.

My favorite sauces/dry rubs:
Desert Heat (also good on fries/buffalo chips)
Mango Habenero
Honey BBQ
Hot
Came here yesterday for the first time in probably over a year. One thing I can't stand about BWW is that they use paper tray's for their wings and fries, which is unsustainable, but I won't start on that tangent :)

I'm not a huge wing person, so I decided on the buffalo chicken sandwich. It came out quickly enough, and besides their not being sauce on the whole sandwich (just a little drizzle down the middle), it was pretty good. Our server was attentive and nice, and as we were in a crunch for time, we were in and out in no time.
Love this place! Always fun!
Normally I have to give BWW a good review, but today was another story.  I met a group of friends to watch the Cardinals play and to have lunch and libations.  I meet here regularly with a group of 6-10 friends and we usually experience good service.  Today, as usual, we had good service, but ther was a twist.  I THOUGT we were leaving and my ride wanted to run an errand, so I stayed behind with a couple of friends while the errand was completed.  Over the period of 1 1/2 hours, I ordered 3 beers.  When I requested my (2nd) check, I was charged for 5.  I informed the server of the discrepancy and was told that "the video would be reviewed and my ordeer would be revised, if necessary".  I was later advised that management didn't have time to review the video and that 2 beers had been "comped" and that from now on, I would have to "pay as I go".  Well, that's all fine and good...except that I only ordered 3 beers and I wasn't "comped" anything.  I asked to speak to the manager.  He showed up, was polite and cordial, but insisted that because I was the only one ordering Michelob Ultra (in the entire establishment), that I had ordered 5 and was being comped...further, he stated that "we can't be comping beers for everyone, so you'll have to pay as you go from now on".  

I've been a BWW customer since 2009...this is the FIRST time this sort of thing has come up, so I'm hardly a scammer.  I would think they would take my record into account when making such judgements into account, but evidently not.

Our group participates in happy hours and sporting events on a regular basis and we enjoy an atmosphere where good service and value are are a must.  Moving forward, I will not be patronizing BWW for these activities.
I had mango habanero wings. Omg hottest wings I've ever had in my life. I loved it! I wish they served Fat Tire Ale in Florida like they did at this Arizona location.
I have been twice now.  Both times I went in looking for good wings.  Both times I walked out disappointed. 

I had the boneless both times.  The chicken is lost in the heavy breading.  Very dry. 

I do like their options for various flavors.  The Mango Habanero is excellent.  Also like that they offer a dry season. 

But if I am looking for good wings or boneless in this case, there are some other places I will look first. 

Great for football viewing.  Also they offer UFC fights.  Also nice selections of beer.
This place is pretty good but is usually packed. Haven't had a problem with service which is great and on deal days the food is relatively inexpensive
The wings are average here.  Even for BWW standards.  Breading is a little heavy and sauce is somewhat inconsistent.  We got salads to go once and the nice thing is they separate the sauces so it's not completely soaked/soggy when you get home to eat it.
Visited this location last week. The food at BWW is always adequate and enjoyable, and the service is generally typical of a bar, however, this evening the service was the worst I've ever encountered at a restaurant. It was so bad I had time to write an email on the corporate website while waiting on the server. 
As I said, since the service is generally mediocre at best, this particular evening sent me over the edge and I will never return. A few days later I went to a different location on Elliot/McQueen and it was a complete 180 on service (the food was good as usual), I have since returned once, and will leave them a positive review....Paige was a delight as our waitress.
There's another Buffalo Wild Wings on Ray and McQueen that is nicer than this one.  When you walk into this location, it has the same feel as an old Denny's.  My party and I stood by the "wait to be seated" sign for a few minutes.  Servers walked by and no one acknowledged us.  It was a Sunday night, busy but there were still plenty of empty tables.  One of the people I went there with said they had to use the restroom and asked if we'd order them a beer when we finally got a table.  When he came out of the restroom we were still standing there, unacknowledged.  With plenty of other options to dine nearby, we left.
I prefer Wingstop. BWW didn't win me as a customer. Good sport restaurant to watch games though.
They would not accept my yelp offer... Because they are a franchise.. I love Naima she's funny and has great humor. since my friends and I are servers it's nice to have someone who remembers us and treats us like we're friends :)
good wings, but they are a little proud of them. over all good wing joint!
I LOVE WINGS. I love love love wings. But I didn't love Buffalo Wild Wings. 

I've read the previous reviews about service experienced at BWW and want to clarify that I didn't dine in, I simply called in my to go order. 

I don't know how something as simple as calling in a to-go order could be so screwed up. I literally called - just ordering two small orders of wings, they said "Great, it'll be ready in 10 minutes!" Well great! I show up 10 minutes later and it's not busy, it was like a Tuesday afternoon. There were waitresses chilling out and talking - it was relaxed. So why did I have to wait an extra 20 minutes for my wings? It had been 30 minutes from my original phone call by the time I got them. 

Following that - the wings sucked! So, so, so greasy - yuck!

However I must list the positives: (which is why I gave my review an additional star)
I was greeted with a smile when I came in. 
A nice looking manager asked me if I was okay after watching me wait for 15 minutes in the lobby.
The cashier apologized for the wait.

So I was treated nicely, but I'm not going to ignore the fact I waited 30 minutes for 2 small wings that were disgusting.
I just expect so much more in wings especially when the place is named after it. Can't really say anything about the food. Never impressed. The beer is cold and great for watching Football.
I love wings as much as anyone but this place loses me with their over preparation of its wings. EVery sauce seemed to be loaded with thick syrupy candy. Tasting any chicken is an afterthought with these wings, its all about the sauces. Which to me, are way too sugary.

Tried 5 different flavors, the JAlapeno one was by far the most tolerable.

The atmosphere is sports bar and the acoustics of the building could not be worse. A guy screams because of a touchdown on the other side of the bar and it will send shocks up your spine as you sit on the most uncomfortable sold wood booth seat ever.

Pass.
Their service is terrible. If you have the pleasure of having Kelli as your server then good luck. She made us feel like we were a burden to her so we left. There are way too many places to have a beer and watch the game with great service to have to deal with that.
Went to BWW this weekend since we had a gift card. While the service was great the food was not. Flatbread was awful and the wings were just ok.
Stick with wings and you'll be fine. Everything else is on par with Red Robin at it's worst. Wings are great, I've tried just about every flavor. If you're in a hurry, these are the slowest wings you'll ever order. EVER. 20-30 minutes. I only order take out on Wing Tuesday. Order ahead...wait 30 minutes and you'll still wait. It's worth it. Better than making your own wings.
This is seriously my favorite place to go to when I want wings. The service is always so awesome and the food is consistently good. My absolutely favorite thing about this place is that they're not stingy like other establishments. They have awesome wing specials that they include in to-go orders. Most places require you to eat the food in the restaurant if you want the specials. 

Their wings are incredible and their french fries are perfect. Sadly, they are remodeling right now and re-open March 1, 2014 so I'm having withdrawals. :-D

I love coming here with friends and am never disappointed. BWW FTW!
The new remodel has been needed for a while. Now the place is much more clean and spacious. Service, in the past, has been mediocre however it was quite good tonight. As always food is decent but nothing amazing. Prices are a tad high for the quality. Average bar food. Mostly mass-produced domestics and nothing impressive on tap. I settle for a killians :-/
I've had better wings and service elsewhere, but our friends wanted to meet here last night so we hoped our opinion would be changed. Unfortunately, it was worse than previous experiences. We had a large party and sat out on the patio. Our waitress basically informed us that it was "crazy" inside, so sorry if she neglects us. Some people at our table got their drinks and some of us waited and waited. Finally, the manager came out and apologized, and said that the fries and cheese curds were late but they were on the way! Funny enough, we already had the fries and cheese curds on the table but we were still waiting for all the rest of the food. Long story short, our food was never put in and we had to get it in to-go boxes because it had been so ridiculously long. We did get 1 drink taken off the bill but I didn't really feel like that did us justice for the totally unfortunate experience. I give it two stars because the chips and queso was pretty delicious.
Perfect for your wing fix. Sports, Wings, GOOD!
I'm a huge BWW fan but this is the only location where I receive great service every visit! The blazin wings and fries are my fav! The servers are always generous to me, wish the food wait wasn't so long but it's worth the wait (:
Have never had a bad experience at a B Dubs and this place was no different. Always freindly staff at all BWW's.
Service was excellent by Jessica & Emily in the bar! Very disappointed that they don't offer anything for our Vetran's, being that it is Memorial Day weekend.. Take care of our Veteran's and I'll give  but only  for now!!!
If you are in the mood for a noisy sports bar with cold beers and great wings, then you've found it.  If this is what you love, then you will give this place five stars.

BUT, if you make the mistake of ordering anything other than wings, you will be sorely disappointed, as I discovered on my recent trip to the Westgate location. 

I've never been let down in my other experiences at BWWs - probably because I went to cool college campus locations on wing special nights - but I was less than impressed this time.

I ordered a chicken sandwich and a side salad.  After a lengthy wait, considering it wasn't that busy, a young food-runner (not our waitress), brought a burger to our table.  I pointed out that my chicken sandwich appeared to be a burger, to which she replied, "Oh, no, it's a chicken sandwich.  It just looks that way when it's grilled."  Our waitress caught the delivery error - and my experience was not negatively affected by it - but I just thought it was funny that this teenage girl was arguing with me.

My grilled chicken sandwich was of the same quality as a fast-food restaurant.  It was kind of rubbery, and it was served on a dry white bun.  The side salad consisted of wilty iceberg lettuce with brown edges. At $10, I expected more.

Of course, I blame myself for not ordering the wings at a place where this is the specialty, but I was still underwhelmed by the speed of the service, atmosphere, and price.
This place is nasty. A have friends who recently contracted food poison from their bone in wings. Someone in that kitchen isn't cooking food right. I'll never go back. Drive to a different location.
Went here for lunch. Ordered wing lunch. Took over 25 minutes to get. Waitress kept apologizing said they didn't have enough kitchen help. Well if you run a business get enough help. This is not a gourmet dinning. Wings were not good as well.
I received some of the worst service I've ever experienced in food service at this location. Next time you're in the Gilbert area, and you crave Domino's, I recommend you go find another one up the road. Every time we went to this location, they screwed up our order. Our last and final visit, we ordered over the phone before coming in to pick it up. They said it would be ready in 20 minutes. I arrived with about 5 minutes to spare. Of course, the location is almost entirely employed by teenagers who look slightly clueless at all times. The young man who rang me up kept having to correct the charge to my card as he seemed inexperienced with the register. I then proceeded to sit at that bench in front of their register for OVER ONE HOUR! I would see customers come and go as well as their delivery employees. Twice I asked about my order and they said they would check, but then got sidetracked and didn't get back to me. You would think someone would have noticed me being there for that long, but no. Finally, after my third and more forcefully worded inquiry, they "found" my pizza which was burnt and dry. I complained to the manager who only offered me a free 2 liter soda. Big whoop. They lost my business forever.
Dominos had a deal for $6 medium pizza, which I thought was a good deal and you get two toppings. Went to pick it up and they should have just said $6 small pizza, the box was a small. It serve probably 3 people if they all had 3 pizza each. When I went to pick it up the guy was on his cellphone, but don't worry he was nice enough to put his phone down when I came in. Not worth the savings.
Marc's can be one star or 5 depending on the night.  It is one of my go-to bars so I decided to give it the benefit of 4 stars. Don't get me wrong I love this place. How can you go wrong with Karaoke 7 days a week? There is also a seperate side for hip hop music and dancing. They have a stage so that you can have the full rockstar experience though most people don't use it so it is by no means necessary. 

Drinks are strong and cheap. The seats are comfortable and loungy. The singing....depends on the crowd. The crowd changes a lot night to night despite the high doses of regulars. This tends to really be the downside...some night you get the hard rock cut up metallica t shirt crowd. metallica is ok but not much of a karaoke choice...then again if you are into it all power to you.

The restoom on the Karaoke side is Ally McBealled, meaning unisex which is always a fun way to make friends. You can generally mix your crowd with another. Quite the social anamole. Based on friends reactions this place is not for everyone..but if it isn't you are uppity. ahem.
Im sorry, I cant really say too much about the bar. It was, well, a bar. 

I felt the need to review the epic performance that took place this evening. Nathan put on a truly stunning karaoke display. His opening number was good if not great, Twist and Shout... complete with the Ferris Beuler treatment. It was clear at this point that Nathan had the show after the first set. After some discussion and careful planning it was set... Nathan was going to bust out the Big Dawg for the second set. Now this is the point in the show that an artist has to let everything hang out... To take chances and hope for the best. Its on... 

Trey Anastasio of Phish once said in an interview that there were 2 artists that he has seen that always had the audience completely locked in and focused on what was going on, on stage. These 2 artists were Frank Zappa and Jerry Garcia. Trey has obviously never seen Nathan Simpson perform Lets Get it On. Some like to call this the human magnet others just like to call this EPIC! After a miscue on the opening line, Nathan rebounded nicely and served up a gem. By mid Getting On, a stage that was occupied by Nathan was now occupied by 4 other people, 3 of which being female and one of which being fucking hot. By the time the last notes were played we all just sat in awe... Thanks Nathan.
Love Marc's right side. Doesn't matter which night of the week, I can always find somebody I know. Trish, bartender, is so sexy I want to take her home but she won't let me. Scooby Steve, another bartender, sing so well he might as well be a country singer himself. Most of the people is nice.
Not a huge fan of left side (hip hiop side) too dark for me. 

If you want to go to Marc's and enjoy, try to go with somebody who's been there before, or be ready to make new friends. Never pick a fight with regulars, or you'll have the whole bar against you.

"I love this bar~" comes to my mind... Who's song was it?
This medium size hip-hop / karaoke bar used to be pretty fun when it was Big D's but over the last couple of years has deteriorated rapidly. 

I am not commenting on the karaoke side of the bar or the weekday traffic as those have always been decent. I do have a serious problem with how the hip-hop side of the bar draws in real riff raff. I have no problem with hip-hop but when someone gets shot in the parking lot at closing time I tend not to return.

The patrons on weekends are thuggish. The drinks come at an ok speed. The main side of the bar (hip-hop side) is often a bit over crowded. This bar has no business charging a cover fee it is not even close to nice enough for that.
Do you want to die shortly after being slapped in the face with a cover charge that shouldn't be charged and then having your girlfriend gang raped on the dance floor?

It receives two stars simply because I used to like the place.  Pool, good music, dancing, reasonable drink prices.  But, after a couple of tense situations, witnessing fights on a near weekly basis, and a parking lot shooting....I'll pass these days.

I don't do karaoke so that side of the establishment might be okay.
This place is a decent dive bar with a split personality. I went to meet a dozen friends from grad school last Monday, and we pretty much owned the karaoke stage. The bar, though, was split between a small karaoke room and a more divey themed room next door. The place looks like it was originally a karaoke bar that expanded. We'd definitely return.
Last night in an attempt to go forth and have a fun night with friends we visited this place...and now we never will again.

The music was loud enough that we could barely speak to each other and place looked divey, but we were going to try it anyway.
After going to the bathroom whose stall door looked like it was kicked in several times and barely hanging on. The awkward unisex bathroom has only two stalls and wasn't very clean. (Which indeed matched the rest of the place.) The bar chairs and tables looked like patio furniture that desperately needs replace. The karaoke books are cheap plastic slips in binders and also need replaced, as they look like they've had better days. 
The service was awful, it took forever to get some service, (I'm guessing this place is a go up to the bar and order) The bartender was rude and talked over us without listening much. 
The place was also dead, not including us there was about 8 people there.
This dive has definitely dove and we'll be spending our money where upkeep is more of priority.
A two-in-one dive bar: One side for dancing, and the other for karaoke. The dance floor is pretty big, and I like the giant Captain Morgan statue in the corner. I wanna pose with it!

In any case, the prices are reasonable, except for all beers costing the same. Explain to me why a 24 oz. mug of Blue Moon and PBR cost the same. Go figure.

In any case, it apparently turns into some sort of Hip Hop club on Fridays. The bartender warned me that's not a fun night to go, so I'll probably stick to this place during week nights. I'll be back to tell you about the appetizers!
Incredible wings that are always at a decent price, but even better on Saturdays when they are 35 cents each! You have to order in 10, 15, 25, 50 and 100 pcs. 
This place is very dive-y, but not overly localized meaning its a good crowd if you are doing with dive bars. The bartenders are down to earth, real people, and its a great place to just kick it.
BTW, they have free wifi, so you can be sure to catch me there sipping a 20oz brewski slapping away at my computer.
G-H-E-T-T-O!!!! They charge $5 on Fridays but the DJ didn't start until after 11:30pm and only had a jukebox!!!....they refused to serve tap water and we were told "the owner said we can only serve bottled water"....three people ordered and none received silverware....an alcoholic drink took so long my friend forgot she ordered it.....they refused to provide a receipt and stated "we don't give them out"....the crowd looked ROUGH....this place is a mess for Friday nights.
Total dive bar with the best wings around! Although I think the dining room needs a makeover the food and service are excellent. Great prices and friendly staff keep me coming back for more.
I have been to this establishment twice now on a Friday. Let me start by saying that if you are at all in any way shape or form prejudice or racist this is not the establishment for you!!! It is an extremely diverse crowd. So if you are close minded and ignorant go somewhere else. Secondly, the first time my boyfriend and I went we had a good time, but after last night I don't know if I'll be going back. I had a tab at the karaoke bar and I was extremely disappointed in the bar tenders service. He was rude, disrespectful and unaccommodating. The rotation for the karaoke was awful! I waited for quite some time before I was called the first time, and I saw others go multiple times before I was called again. I understand that it's a neighborhood bar and you can't hold it to the standards of a Scottsdale bar, but those types of places should be even more concerned with customer service and satisfaction, because they want to keep repeat customers, and then on top of that they charge a cover! I should have listened to my sister and friends and went to Hurricane Bay. No cover for ladies, & 50 cent drinks! Actually, I am kind of embarrassed I even brought my friends to this place :(
Marc's has the best bartenders in Glendale! Love karaoke and feeling like I am hanging out with a bunch of old friends. Best pizza in Arizona!
I have been here before, its a bar!  But last night my husband our friends decided to go here have some drinks and a bite to ear.  Our Waitress was NEW! We ordered our drinks and the place wasnt overly full at 9pm.  20 minutes later, our drinks arrived.  We ordered our food.  Nothing special, me Garlic Fries, my husband a small taco salad, our friends a Calzone.  Food was coming out of the kitchen, and I saw my fries at the pass, my husbands Taco Salad also there.  And that is also where they sat for another 40 minutes, until the Calzone was ready. In all it took 75 minutes to get our food.  Needless to say I didnt eat the STONE COLD Garlic Fries.  Also when it came time to get another drink, our waitress was NO WHERE TO BE FOUND.  We had to go to the bar to get out drinks, only to be told, we had to go back to our table and for our waitress to take our order again, that would be fine if we could fnd her.  We decided to move from the Bar area, to the Karaoke side.  Our waitress informed us we would have close our tab, and didnt serve that side.  At that point, that was fine with me.    The waitress had too many stations for someone who was new to handle.  There was a big party there, and they were taking all her time, so she should have given our table to someone else.   Ive been there before, and it wasnt like that at all, but if this is what its like from now on, I wont be going back again.
Fumbling through the free Phoenix billiards magazine, I ran across an ad of 5 hot babes. I asked my friend, 'Which one would you WANK to?'....

I chose one as well and ran into her lovely presence at Marc's! 

She even offered me a job... do I have what it takes ?

The service was, of course, phenomenal. 

Happy upbeat atmosphere. Chipper patrons, positive conversations.

Me likey here.

Fancy chicas. Cheap beer.
Yikes! We went last night and some drunk girl hit her car against a big truck and hit the truck in to another car. Then a guy was stabbed in the face in the parkng lot. Buyer beware! The plus side is, the bartender Ron, poured strong,original mixed drinks.  Update to a recent post by someone else, I was there when the police where in your parking lot after the man was stabbed. I was there when the ambulance took him away. I never said the was stabbed in your bar, just your parking lot. It was quite the scene and I felt bad for the guy.
If you want to enter the ghetto version of hell on earth then come to this place!  IF you are into (or yourself) ghetto, ratchet, and classless then this is the place for you. If you are into at least a halfway decent crowd then avoid this place like AIDS! The visit to the restrooms will make you feel like you might catch AIDS just from contact with anything in them Nastiest restrooms I have ever seen & I accept the lower standards of bar and club restrooms usually!

This place is filled with hot messes, overweight nasty women dressing like they have the bodies of fit models in skirts way too short showing off their unfortunate meat "packages". I'm confident 70% of the patrons have criminal records and 25% have warrants for their arrest. I'm fairly certain that a few dudes were gone on something other than alcohol and/or even a little weed.

IF you want crazy men stepping up to you like they would easily snatch you up to rape you if you were alone then here's the place for you.  At times throughout the night I was uncomfortable with my own safety given the men walking around. Guess I'm not use to the ghetto...this place immediately gave me flashbacks of the gutters of Memphis, TN that I had to escape from.

The ONLY thing I could give this place is that the DJ played hot songs BUT unfortunately he had a thing for being stuck in the 80's as he scratched the songs way too much which at times disrupted the song and dancing altogether.  The women were messes except for a few and the men could've easily been mistaken for ex-cons or gangstas. 

I didn't try the food and one other thing, without any forewarning I had to find out that the place had a $15 minimum when using your card....outstanding! This place is definitely the conference hall for the ghetto, crazy, hood, and ex-cons!
There's a karaoke side and the other side is your standard bar with pool tables.  The food is ok, but I've had better bar food.  The staff is usually nice.  They also have poker nights which can be fun.  Sometimes the people who hang out there get a little dramatic.  The poker and karaoke crowds all know each other so they have their social issues sometimes.
Me and the boyfriend decided to stop by this spot one night for some cheap drinks. This was my boyfriend's go to spot for a cheap drink when he lived in AZ. I already knew it was a dive bar when I pulled up so I'm not going to complain about the ambiance and restrooms... it's a dive bar! It was pretty low key the night we went so I ordered my Tokyo tea and asked the bartender for the gadget thing so we could play the trivia game that shows on the screen. I also ordered the honey hot wings which were surprisingly delicious!! On our way out we peeked in the karaoke room and it looked like people were having a ball! A good no frills spot for cheap drinks and wings!
I went there tonight to hear live music. I arrived at 6:50 and ended up leaving by 7:15. I never even saw a waitress. Even though the layout is identical to how I remember it when the space was the Native New Yorker it was kept very dark and had a well worn feel to it. What I heard of the music was top notch. Unfortunately, the sound was absorbed by the wall and the seating...lets just say it was all but impossible to see the band. Can't see the band, can't hear the band well, no service - Thats too many strikes for me. I left without spending a cent in the place. Shame. The band was impressive.
I went in tonight for a beer and to take some food home. I sat at the bar for literally around 5 minutes (it felt like 15) without being greeted. The bar tender (a white guy with a beard, wearing a hat backwards, and a bit of a beer belly) actually walked by, and noticed, me 3 times as well. After the second time I said to myself, "okay, if he walks by again and doesn't at least say something like, "hey man, I'll be with you in a minute," then I'm out." The third time he actually grabbed a glass from right in front of me, but said nothing. So I rolled out. That seemed like a very clear message that he wasn't interested in my business.

Maybe I'll go back, but a place that hires people that can't be dependable for very simple customer service makes me very weary. If the guy couldn't take 10 seconds to smile and say, "be right with you" can I really trust he's washing his hands after going to the restroom and then making people's drinks? It shows a general lack of concern/respect for the customer. Can't trust it. Especially not when it comes to food and drink.
A must for all Buffalonians in the valley!

I haven't been here in a few years, so I'll have to update this the next time I go.  But the pizza tastes as if you just had it delivered from the local pizza joint.  Thicker dough than NY-style, sauce that tastes a bit heavier on the tomato paste, and Sorrento's cheese.  Wings are authentic and made with the perfect combination of Frank's and butter.  They also make Beef on Kimmelweck rolls and have Buffalo's favorite beer: Labatt's Blue.  

And, the restaurant is completely decorated in Buffalo paraphernalia such as a "We're talking proud" pennant and a snow shovel hanging on the wall.
We were starving on a late Sunday afternoon, and looking for an alternative to Streets of NY. I came across an ad for Nino's in the weekly circular, saw that they deliver, and decided to give it a shot.

But when I called to place my order, they said that the driver wasn't there yet. Bummer, but I understand. It was a weird time to ask for delivery.

Nonetheless, the place is close enough and my curiosity was sufficiently piqued. I placed an order for a large pizza and some wings for pick up. Turnaround time was 20 minutes, which is way better than the time that Streets gives me.

I rolled into their shop, and was pleased to see that 3 or 4 of their tables were occupied -- a good sign. Most folks were enjoying wings and beer and watching the TVs humming dully with baseball commentary. The place was dimly lit, with memorabilia on the walls. Nice and cozy.

After a few minutes, I was presented with a piping hot sausage pizza and a dozen crispy delicious wings. I whisked the goods home, and the whole family tucked in like a pack of coyotes.

The crust had the perfect chewy to crisp ratio. The sauce, perfectly spicy / sweet, and it was topped with gobs of stringy cheese, and ground sausage. 

The wings were done the traditional style with Frank's and butter, and wonderfully crispy. The "hot" variety was just right for us. But they have something like 10 different varieties and levels available.

Price-wise, it was comparable to Streets. Taste-wise, I'd rate it a little higher. But given the choice, I would certainly rather support a smaller local operation, and will definitely be ordering from Nino's again.
Being a huge fan of pizza I have tried many different places. None of them got it quiet right for me. Yes, they were all edible, and most of them were good, but none of them really seemed to get the whole pizza right for my tastes. I was losing hope of ever finding 'my' pizzeria. Then I saw Nino's reviews on here and decided to try it. And now I believe I have found 'my' pizzeria. 
As soon as I walked in, I thought it knew it was going to be a little different. It seemed like a normal pizzeria but also had a small bar, which I am not used to seeing in pizzerias like this. Unlike most of the smaller pizzerias around, they actually had a waitress come over to take my order instead of going up to a counter to order. Not really a big deal but I thought it was a neat touch. I ordered a small personal pizza, sat and waited. The pizza was brought over to my table as soon as it was out of the oven. When I took my first bite, I knew I had found my new pizzeria. The cheese was perfectly gooey but held the toppings and itself onto the pizza nicely. I sauce was not skimped on, nor was it seeping everywhere. And the crust, which I normally pretty picky about, was perfectly thick. Not so thick for it to seem overly bready, nor so thin as to be over powered by the toppings. I then got the bill, which didn't seem like much after the amazing meal, paid and left.
My only problem is that they are a bit farther then I would normally drive for a pizza. But I find it totally worth it and I will be bringing others there next time I go.
I tried Nino's today for the first time and it was a pleasant experience. It has the hole-in-the-wall local hangout vibe that I enjoy and the service was friendly and prompt.  The food was good, but not great.  I thought the chicken wings were dry and I wouldn't have minded a little more sauce on them.  As for the pizza, it was above average.  It tasted really good but was far from the best I have ever had.  I would go back, but maybe next time I'll try one of their pasta dishes or sandwiches.
Worn down strip mall location on NE corner of Peoria & 59th Ave.  Once inside though you'll find a warm, relaxed & clean retro-sports atmosphere with old pennants, pictures and such.  Plenty of tables and clean industrial style carpet.  Friendly service as well.  A very "blue-collar" place with a modest sized bar, and a few daytime folks drinking pitchers of beer.  They had Budweiser, Bud-Light, and Michelob Ultra (which has an upcharge, haha).  Happy hour prices are $1.75/ea. or $7/pitcher.

I went with the lunch special for $6.01 that includes a mini pizza and soft drink.  Not a bad value, but the norm for this is closer to $5 for the West Valley.  I had bills but no pocket change for the $6.01 so she reached into the "take a penny, leave a penny" cup and was prompt to point out that I must leave a penny next time I'm there.  Yes, she was serious.

Pizza did have a resemblance to the pre-made style from your local grocery store or Costco - the crust was somewhat dry and chewy, but with a very light taste... almost cardboardy.  Sauce resembled a canned tomato paste, so there you have it - cardboard crust & cheap tomato paste.  Cheese was fine though.  I did not sample the wings but many other patrons were ordering them.
Was best at the place fresh for sure, but I'd be hard pressed to find a pizza who doesn't fit that description. Had a meatier pizza with mushrooms. The mushrooms were cut thick and were juicy, and surprisingly held it's own against the meats! Loved that. They also have a very extensive menu and HIGHLY rated wings. Also some great fried choices. 

2 cons: blue cheese/ranch/celery for wings are a separate order/ charge.
And no website or menus to take with me so ordering at home (about 30 minutes away) is a bit difficult.
I was plesantly surprised with the quality of pizza here.  I am such a hard critic when it comes to pizza, especially here in AZ.  Without really knowing what traditional NY style pizza is like (other than that one time my friend brought me a piece on her flight home..) I would say it's right there.  YUMMI.   I can't wait to get some wings..  I'm kinda a wing maniac.  They have some great deals.  A large pizza and 36 wings for 28 bucks.  Not bad.

The staff was very friendly, but I will say, the girl seemed a little out of it when I went in there.  They only deliver Thursday through Monday, so forget about it if you are looking for some at home service on Tuesday or Wednesday.  

I'll be going back soon, and raising the rating if deserved.
Chicken wings, a chicken parm sandwich, and a beer. 
Burn lips on hot sandwich ow ow ow
Cool down with beer. 
Burn lips with spicy wings.
Cool down with beer.
Admire 30 years of collectible stuff all over the walls at the bar. 
Finish beer.
Under $15 with tip. 
Ok I think that about does it... (seriously, you can't get a hotter sandwich unless you make it yourself)
The Pizza here is amazing! And if you get wings make sure they are the ninja wings. They are the perfect amount of sweet and spicy! I love them. There is no where in AZ that I love to go to for Pizza more than this!!!!

You will not be dissapointed! Although every time I go my husband and I always end up spending at least $50 bucks so be forwarned you add a couple of beers to a pizza and wings and wow!
Can't go wrong with pizza, wings and beer. The staff were all very friendly .Good job Nino for keeping real down to earth with great food, and service.
I likey this place! Pizza dough made in house, crust was crisp, not tuff or over worked, Good sauce not too sweet, lots of cheese, plenty of toppings! Server was great! I'll Be Back!
This is hands down the best pizza in the West Valley. Great prices, great staff. I can't wait to come back. Pizza and wings are fantastic.
The Best Around!

Best Wings, Best Pizza and most of all The only Beef on a Wick to order (next to my wife's)
Great pizza, good wings! (Dining area could use some updating)
As far as pizza and wings go.  Best pizza we have had since moving to Phoenix 14 years ago.
Such good food and very good service. We were the only ones there one afternoon- which usually means you get forgotten about because the staff is busy erring ready for a rush- but not here!  We were shown plenty of attention, the food was exactly as we asked for (awesome wings!) and the price was right. Only thing that stinks is they are closed on Sunday, but that is cool too- the staff gets a weekend day like regular people.
Ninos is a great spot. The owner is always hanging around. The staff is friendly and familial. You can tell there are people who've been coming here for years. The pizza and wings are good. Nice thin crust. The ranch and bleu cheese are probably from a bottle, but you don't need it like you do at some places. The price is ok. I am finding that a lot of pizza and wing placed are getting pricier. I'll still be back.
My favorite local pizza and wings joint. The Habernero Rage wings are awesome. The pizza is really good too. Very friendly service. Highly recommend.
This is one of the few western New York-ish restaurants in the valley. It is also the only restaurant I know of in Phoenix that has margarita pepperoni available for their pizza. The wings are good, but I wouldn't say great. You'll have to ask for extra sauce, or they'll come out too dry. They also have a good Beef on Weck sandwich, though I always have to ask for light gravy, otherwise it'll be dripping out the sides. The French Fry's are the thin type, but taste delicious. There are some shortcomings like the menus that appear to be printed off of someone's computer, but still I'd recommend it as a good place to eat.
There are many reasons Nino's has been sucessful for over 20 years in this same location - but top of my list is fantastic wings!  Add to that cold beer, friendly service, family ownership and pizza, spaghetti, fish, shrimp, subs -- well, you get the idea!  Great food + great people = great times!  Eat local!  Eat good!
Domino's Pizza is A-OK !

I go to this Domino's about once or twice a year especially since they came out with their pan pizza's which are so yummy and at a decent price.  Medium pan pizza and two toppings only $7.99.

Domino's is not the best pizza as we have our favorite pizza spot but from time to time we love to have a slice of Domino's pizza and the stuffed cheese bread.

Great prices.  Great location.  Domino's is A-OK.
This store is a joke. I ordered a pizza online, the way I wanted it of course, but when I got there to pick it up for some reason it was not at all what I ordered. The employee working there proceeded to tell me that that's what I ordered, he just makes the pizza and he didn't know what I wanted him to do about it. He was rude, insensitive and when I asked if he could remake the pizza he turned around and walked away from the counter. So I walked out. Never again will I order a pizza from that location. Such rude and careless service. Yeah because that makes me want to come back. Unbelievable.
Yelp makes you add one star..  You can't give zero..  I have ordered from this location for 4 yrs..  It was ok service ..  Never complained because it is dominos the fast food of pizza ..  Tonight was ridiculous ..  Ordered online (as always)..  They called back with a question while I was out watering plants ..  I called right back to tell them they did not get the order correct.  Placed on hold 15 minutes...  Hung up ..  Doorbell rang with driver and incorrect pizza ..  Ok .. I get it I will wait for the correct pizza.. Called dominos back ..  They say no problem will send correct pizza at no charge...  Pizza delivery guy comes 40 minutes later..  We say thanks and start eating ..  Pizza guy comes back..   He says I need 16.99 ???  We say ummm no .....  they said no charge due to errors ..  Called manager "Shelby". She stated it was because we didn't pick up the phone originally when they thought the order was incorrect!! HELLO!!! We called right back and held for 15 min!!!  Tonight as a total we have been on the phone with dominos approximately 45 min to over an hour ..  All for a simple pizza..  Never again ..  No wonder this location had such a low rating ..  I have been too easy on them.. I am in the customer service industry and have never encountered this low of customer value..  In fact ..  Never wrote a yelp review before because I feel for the "other side" but tonight was the worst I have ever been treated..  Headed to a fast food joint to get something for dinner ..  Don't call this place ..  They could give. 2 sh***...and for the record .. I don't think "Shelby" is the manager ..  She sounded exactly like the girl I was on hold with on call two..  Just sayin :)
Pizza was delivered quickly and correctly!  Shelby, the manager even went through the great specials they had going on for me! Great customer service and fast delivery!!
Pleasantly surprised with this pizza. It was our first time with this chain, I ordered online and their "build your pizza" option was pretty cool.
Decent price and clean location. Paid online so all I had to do was pick it up. 
We will definitely be ordering from here again
Unfortunately, I'm not very interested in returning after dealing with the girl behind the counter. 
Ordered our pizza online and used my husbands card because he was going to pick it up. Well, plans changed and I was the one that ended up going to get it, so I brought his card with me. When I first got there I stood at the front for almost 5 minutes before the girl even realized I was there. She finally came up and I said I ordered a take-out. She asked for the  card used and an ID, I handed her my husbands card, she asked for an  ID again and I responded with my picture is on the card (Wells Fargo bank with a custom picture from our wedding). She said she couldn't accept a card without ID so I pull out my drivers license, getting rather irritated at this point because the girl is being extremely rude. She said she won't accept the card because my ID doesn't match. I said it was my husbands card and it's a joint account, my picture is on it and my last name matches his. Nope, that won't do. So she reverses the payment and I pay with the EXACT SAME CARD but with my name on it. So, now I have 2 charges on my account for the same thing until the other one reverses. 
I just want dominos to know the girl working the counter was BEYOND rude and misinformed. It is actually illegal to refuse a VISA or MasterCard that is signed if the holder doesn't show ID...you can ask to see ID but the cardholder does not have to oblige and the card cannot be refused. I don't think I will be returning.
This is Dominos Pizza store 7576 - they got our order wrong.

I was viewing a friend's FaceBook page and saw he was impressed at their new Pizza tracker online display of the progress of your take out or delivery order.  Looked pretty cool and recalled that we hadn't had a Domino's Pizza in a long time.  We ordered carryout and paid online; two Large Brooklyn style 14" pizzas with Salami, Onions & Tomatos.  Total price was $20.10 and we watched the tracker progress through each stage.  As it finished I drove there to pick it up.

When I got home and we each had a piece, we saw that we received a sliced Italian sausage pizza not Salami and the tomatos or onions were rare.  (See photos).  It was very windy so I had rushed home in the darkness without checking the order (Note to self - never trust again).

The tracker was cool, very innovative and informative, telling who was doing what at each step.  It has one step called "QUALITY CHECK" and it showed that Bambi had completed this.  Looks like this one slipped through as I got sliced Italian Sausage not Salami.

All this for two 14" pizza costing $20.10?  
I may have found out why I hadn't ordered a Domino's pizza in a while ...
One star is a little harsh, so mistakes happen Dominos is the best factory pizza place period .. I have never paid 20 plus for pizza from there,5.99 carry out ! enough said..
I had contacted Dominos and reported the mistaken pizzas received weeks ago.  The manager sent a very nice email, obviously sincere and wanted to make things right, inviting us back.  Most impressive follow through - Thank you for caring and being concerned.  We look forward to updating this.
I had complained about an incorrect order and Dominos stepped up and turned this one around.  Unbelievably great commitment to customer satisfaction that is much appreciated.  It also reminded me of the nice garlic flavor they have on the edge of each pizza crust, that is tasty and I haven't found elsewhere.  

Thank you
Couldn't resist the price of eight bucks,  with the coupon code that came in the mail flyer, for a large pie with up to 10 toppings. And it was really easy to order online. That's where the good part ends.

The deal mentioned above was not good for delivery, so my husband went to pick it up. We had made a specific time for it to be ready for pickup, but he had to wait a few minutes - no big deal. Brought it home to my excited growling tummy...
I had ordered it with "robust tomato sauce". We couldn't even tell if the pizza even had any sauce on it. Bleh. I had ordered the regular "hand-tossed" crust - but the crust was so salty and greasy it was almost inedible. We really like lots of toppings, but there was maybe one tiny piece of each topping on each slice, some with none at all. 

I miss the Dominoes that used to be close to our old house - they seemed to be able to make a much better pizza for some reason. I think if we do order Dominoes again (because the eight buck pizza is really tempting), we'll try another location.
This Domino's is on point. I hate to admit it, but we order from these guys a lot and they are always quick, accurate and friendly. The first time we ordered from here when we first moved to Phoenix wasn't that great because they couldn't confirm our address was a house and we had to call to see where our food was. They eventually delivered it... cold. BUT I don't know if they have a new manager or not. They got there stuff together and I'm completely satisfied with them.
The service was TERRIBLE!!!!! Watch out for this store if your kids are Hungry!!! When I arrived no one  had ANY idea what was going on. I had to tell them what I had ordered even after they found my name in the system. Then they told me the order was still not done and it would still going be AWHILE, they could not even tell me in minutes how much longer. Mind you! This is after I had  ordered online from home-waited 15 minutes to leave, driving there for ten minutes and waiting another ten after I paid them. Seeing all the chaos I had enough and  decided to go some where else to get my family some food. I asked for my money back BUT since I had paid with my debit card when I arrived they informed me that it would take 10 to 15 business days to get my money back. Haven't been this MAD over pizza since I was a child..... 


This place does not deserve one star...
After a recent SHITE trip to Streets of New York (which is the most accurate way of describing how their pizza tastes) I really need to vouch for this Domino's. As noted before, they are always fast and friendly. They have the nicest delivery drivers. Unlike Streets. Domino's has never made me sick either.
They are consistently inconsistent! Pan pizza is often all white and mushy, but sometimes crispy, almost over cooked! I thought they were on a conveyer belt? Brooklyn style which I used to like is all salty and garlic tasting and under cooked. I only order here cause I work late and their delivery is fast, but the food is below normal standards from competitors. Wings are slimy, small, not hot, kinda gross. I'm not eating here anymore
I went in to their location which is right next door to where I moved and ordered a pizza and it was a very tasty pizza.   They even walked it over here to my location which they didn't have to do so great customer service.
Good sandwiches and fat delivery.  Their wings are not great and the boneless wings MUST have sauce to have flavor but that is a corporate issue and not the site. Drivers have always been nice
The good:  very easy to order online, quick delivery and the parmesan bread bites are awesome.
The bad:  Regular pizzas tend to be a bit on the greasy side and the crust can be a bit too mushy for my taste.
The ok:  The new Artisan pizzas have a nice crunchy crust (which I like), but they seem kind of skimpy on toppings.  

All in all, if you are mainly looking for a convenient way to get dinner to the table Dominos will work for you.  If you are mainly looking for fabulous tasting pizza, Dominos may not be the best choice.
Great customer service!!! In and out with our order less than 15mins.
I've eaten there a few times in the last month.  The folks that work there are pleasant enough, but I usually wait for my food in the store...
I had a handtossed pepperoni pizza which was great but the bone less chicken was pathetic 8 dry tiny pieces in a big ass box 15 $ for both now thats rediculous u don't think I will get any chicken again!
I must say the order today was quick and the pepperoni pizza was awesome ...and to top it of they do military discount ..woot woot ..thank you Dominos
(  o  ) (  o  )    Boobies = cool.   Hooters = stupid crappy place.   

Food sucks. Chicks are stupid. Having some cleavage showing does not give them a free pass when it comes to poor service.   I didn't pick this place, a buddy of mine did.  That bastard, I might not talk to him anymore.  I never understood the pantyhose with the shorts, what no talent ass clown in upper management came up with that brilliant marketing ploy?
The patio at this Hooters is a nice, relaxed spot to throw back a few beers during the day. There is no shortage of televised sporting events or bright orange butts, so that doesn't leave a whole lot to complain about unless you happen to order food.
Ive been to a few Hooter restuarants and have not been impressed, but I have to say this one changed my mind. We had a group of 25 people so at first I didnt expect the service to be all that great, but I was pleasantly surprised with the great service we had. The ladies were very friendly, fun, and attentive. We had a fun crowd so Im not sure if that help open up the fun atmosphere and the waitresses. We all cracked jokes and they welcomingly chimed in, making for a fun experience .

As far as food goes, it was actually pretty good. First I had the naked hot wings that lived up to the hype. They were very good. Then I had the bacon chesse burger which was good as well.

All in all my experience here was fun and memorable.
Worst service I have ever had at a hooters restaurant. Order took 20min and it was wrong! Totally disorganized staff. What a joke! It was like watching a "Hell's Kitchen" episode! LOL!!!
It's pretty good, just a little crowded.
Fried Pickles!
They have new girls, bartender is cute and Elizabeth... is hotty....

To be honest I really enjoy the Wings...and every time I go, my table is available.
$3.50 you call its on Thursdays! YES PLEASE!!!!!

Okay... so it's hooters. So the quality of food is hooters quality (aka greasy, not great quality, and can be pretty bland).

But the girls are hotter here because they actually TRY. The service is always great. The managers know what they're doing and it's clear that they work their butts off to make this place an awesome place to hang out and to come back to.

Would love to see more TVs though. I understand that people come to gawk at girls, but I come to gawk at games.
We went there last weekend, it was very loud and the food was poor.  The fish taco's were poor, the fish must have been old and not fresh.  We will never go there again
Went for dinner on a Saturday night.  First time at a Hooters.  I had heard the food was great, especially the Steamers.  
No steamers on the menu.  I ordered Mahi tacos.  Two tacos, 8 dollars.  No sides, just tacos.  The worst food I have ever had.  Smelled fishy, tasted fishy......which means OLD fish.  I ate one because I was hungry, but felt sick all evening.  I had to take a bite of my husbands Burger to get the fish taste out of my mouth.  I ate a few of his fries, would have eaten more, but they were dry and cold like they had been sitting under a heat lamp way too long.  WE WILL  NEVER GO TO A HOOTERS AGAIN. !!!

MH
This isn't my favorite Hooters to go to even though it's the closest location to me. I only resort to coming here if I'm doing a take-out order to get my wing fix (breaded/hot or naked/911)! 

I don't really know what it is about this particular Hooters but I don't care much for dining in here. Other than that, I guess it'll do!
This is the best Hooters location I've been to in AZ!

Server: Desiree
Time & Date: Thursday Nov. 27th at around 6pm 

Environment: 
Very clean, and the outside patio has the comfiest seats too! 

Service: 
I've been to several Hooters before, and being a woman it can be a little awkward at times. I have either encountered the stuck up servers who can't remember or get an order right to save their life and I've also had the servers who try to invade my personal space while calling me "sweetie" or "hun" for a better tip. 
Finally I have arrived at a place where they treat you like normal human beings! 

My waitress was so kind, she opened conversation not by "what do you want to drink" and rushing away but by approaching me with a smile and a "how was your day". And I can tell you that after a long day at work that was really refreshing to see and that kind of customer service goes a long way. 
She was also very attentive, checking several times to make sure our food was hot and to our liking and that our drinks were always filled. 
The manager even stopped by to see how everything was.

Great service and I will definitely be back!

Thank you!
I went to Hooters in FLA when they first opened and thought they had the best chicken wings ever. Unfortunately, ever since they became really popular, I haven't been able to repeat that experience in the ensuing 15 years and 30+ states. I have to preface this review by stating that I'm wicked fussy about my chicken. 
The wings aren't awful, but they are not the best either. They were moist, but the coating was somewhat hard in places and there were rubbery tendons inside (like a rubber band between your teeth). I have NEVER had wings that still had the "tips" attached and these did along with a few quills broken off inside them. The service was OK and the food came quickly. Chik-A-Fil, Popeyes or good ol' KFC is a bit better though.
We are quickly becoming regulars here. The patio is always nice even when it's 100 out due to the great misters and nice seating. Service is always great and they actually have a couple great healthy menu options now, the shrimp and spinach salad is probably one of the best salads I've ever  had! Lots of good beers on tap as well!
I really hate their food. Everything is disgusting. The wings, the shrimp, the oysters, EVERYTHING. We went there and I love fish and chips so I ordered it. One bite and I was done. It was awful. Puke worthy awful. I ended up only eating the curly fries that came with it. Anyway, the manager noticed I didn't eat any of it, so he decided to take it off our bill which was super nice. It was one star food, but because the manager was nice enough to acknowledge the fact that I didn't like it so I shouldn't have had to pay for it, was why they got another star. Way to go on customer service!
Everyone knows what to expect when they go into a Hooters.  Visiting from L.A. after being at the Cards/Rams game that day, I went in to watch the Sunday night game and have a little dinner.  I was pleasantly surprised by someone who waited on me.  But not in the way you may think.

My waitress was Chyra. A nice person and very attentive.  She had a few recommendations on the menu and always had my drink filled.  As I ate and watched the game, she continually asked if I was good, which I appreciated.  I had noticed some of, though not all, the other girls that were working were just standing around talking to each other.  Some to the same customers for long periods of time.  In fact, I did see a couple walk in, were seated in the back and after a certain amount of time of neglect, they walked out.  I was very disappointed in seeing this.  Not saying it was intentional, but bothersome just the same.

While some girls were standing around, I noticed Chyra continually working and staying busy, not just serving customers but cleaning tables, stocking, checking things and whatever it takes to justify having a job.  You could tell this young girl has a good work ethic and it was great to see.  I would hope that this review is seen by management and she is considered for advancement.

My shrimp po boy was pretty good, as was the cheesecake Chyra recommended. Keep up the good work.
  
Good place to catch some sports. But debatable on whether I would return.
Scenery nice, food meh.
Worst Customer Service! Visiting out of town for the Super Bowl with family! We ordered over phone 50 wings and we showed up 10mins before pick up time. The girl was very rude saying "omg what's the name!?" It was under my boyfriends name. She said our order wasn't ready yet! 20mins later our wings are finally ready! We go through them and none of them have the sauces we ordered! The girls were very rude as they stomped back in the kitchen. We take them back to our family's house and the wings taste horrible! Let's just say we will NEVER come back to that one! The hooters in Vegas is the best! The girls looked like they were 15 years old and acted like it too! Vegas hooters girls are way nicer and hotter! Hire girls that don't look under age!
Wednesday is Wingsday!!! All you can eat $12.99 And my server was the best! Crystal was so attentive, friendly, and kept are drinks topped off. I'm good w that. See ya next week Crystal!
I do takeout almost every Wednesday for the boneless wing platter day. By the time I get home my food is still hot and fresh (just the way I like it). It always has the right amount of crunch and sauce. To me, their wings are better than Buffalo Wild Wings.
Absolutely worst food I have had in a long time. The wings were inedible, not the way they were cooked, but because the quality and standard of product is sub par! With chicken blood pockets are to b expected but to bite into a wing that was completely black due to the cooked blood was repulsive! 

I am a bartender at a sports bar down the road who has been in this industry for over 10 years and I have never seen nor worked at an establishment that would serve such trash as the wings we ordered. The wings are half the size as the wings I serve at my current bar or any where else I have ordered wings. They are overpriced and would not even think of serving them to my dog!  I will never be back or go to any hooters ever again!
Had a nice family outing at Hooters, and was overall happy. The Texas burger was decent,  and I liked it on the Texas toast instead of a bun. I made the mistake of having my wings breaded, which is my own fault, but they were still cooked well and tasted good. 

The service was good, and we all know what the scenery is like.....two thumbs up!

We found that on Saturday's kids eat free, which may not save a tone of money but it did free up enough to get a couple of beers. They actually have a fairly good selection of beers on tap. All domestics, a bunch of imports, and even some from smaller breweries. I went with the double chocolate and it was GOOD!
We like to go to hooters for the All you can eat wings.

I wasn't impressed with their with all the wings this time.  Each time they came out different, one order came out with the perfect amount of sauce, and the next time they came out drenched and swimming in it.  Seems to be no consistency.  

Girls were friendly as they always are, they need to work for their tips.  Lots of families in this location this time.  Most children under 12 I have seen in a Hooters.

It is family friendly!  :)
Great experience for the NFL DRAFT on Thursday night. Food was good, service was great!!!!!! Thank you Crystal!
Disclaimer: my husband and his family are all Italian, I have eaten pizza made from a price winning Italian cook. I make my own pizza, from scratch, as well. This review is not comparing Domino's Pizza to our pizza. This review is comparing a chain restaurant, a franchise to what I have eaten out there.
Their pizzas have come a very long way! We ordered the hand tossed Pacific veggie pizza, and two other customized pizzas, they were very good.
We did not get sick from their cheese after eating it. The price is right. The service has improved since 12 mo. ago. Their wings are nothing special and pricey. Forget their desserts. So this place is good for a quick take-out pizza.
We did ask that our pizzas be cooked well, it makes a difference.
The pizza was flat, almost no sauce, doe was hard and just not good. Even the kids (that like any pizza), did not like it and only took a few bites.  Maybe it's just this location, since I have ordered in Miami with satisfaction. I will just stick to Pizza Hut when in town and recommend the same.
The pan pizza is delicious!, good service never too busy and there's plenty of parking space.
Okay... I ordered through you guys tonight for the Tracker status because it's amazeballs. I'd say about 80% of the reason I ordered Domino's instead of Papa Johns was for the Tracker AND IT DIDN"T WORK! Also the dang slider/shopping cart/checkout thing kept moving when I scrolled up but moved too much, I couldn't see what I wanted, ugh

Also the wings I ordered are pathetic looking, never again, smallest wings I've ever seen... hopefully they taste better than they look. Pizza looks about the norm which is good, thank you for that.
We used to get pies here because they are close and convenient.  They tend to skimp on toppings here though especially the veggies.

I get mixed results every time.  We usually get the specials and they are so so on toppings amount.  Then I ordered a thin crust 2 topping with pepperoni and sliced sausage a few days ago and it was loaded and baked perfectly... Homerun!  Best dominos pizza i have had in a long while.  Then try again the next night with onions and mushrooms and they totally skimped on toppings.  No consistency here.  

I would like to see consistent management and a little love put into the pies here and maybe they can win my business back.  I'm over it for a while though Dominos.  To many strike outs.  Would like to see them step it up because this area is loaded with pizza joints and you have Metro Pizza across the street.
Cheap and better than expected.  Location did right by us after our error in ordering a nasty tomato paste no cheese pizza.
I Love Love Love their Pizza! Friendly Service and I have Pizza from there at least 3 times a month! The online ordering and specials make it easy! Everything was fresh and made to perfection and the price is always right.. I'll be back! :)
The Dominos tracker said my pizza left the store at 2:10 p.m. I live about 4 minutes away and it took the driver 29 minutes to get here he obviously made other stops and my pizza was cold by the time it arrived
I really, really like wings.  A whole bunch.  Something in the primal part of my brain switches on and I love getting the meat off of those little bones.  (Boneless wings are for sissies.)

I also really, really love sauces.  The more sauces the better.  Condiments can make or break a meal for me, for sure.

And yeah, it's a big chain but the wings here are tasty.  I'm not into really hot buffalo sauces, so their teriyaki, bbq, parmesean garlic, honey bbq and jerk sauces make me so happy.  I often have a hard time choosing and end up with 6 wings of about 4 different sauces.  (And leftovers.)  I freakin' love their wings.

The one thing I don't like is the atmosphere and the service.  I'm not the only one either - a lot of people I talk to when this place is brought up complain about how slow and inattentive the servers are.  Then there's the ever present Golden Tee machine.  (Groan.)  However, they offer carry out so you can mess up your fingers in the privacy of your own home.
I'm not a big wing fan. That is, I love wings, I loathe the work it takes to get a bite of meat off that tiny bone. I do like to eat with my hands, though, and I enjoy getting messy while doing it. Not to say I eat like an absolute slob, but I don't mind a little trip to the handsink after devouring a handmeal.

What? Anyway ... the saving grace, the reason that I'd make a trip to Buffalo Wild Wings given the fact that I don't enjoy eating standard wings is because they have *drum roll* BONELESS WINGS! Okay, okay, they're chicken strips. Whatever. They've got 'em, and they offer 'em in all the tasty sauces they serve the regular wings in. Parmesan Garlic boneless wings and a beer? That's fancy cookin' right there. Have me a big ol' time. 

Like my Granddaddy would say, "They's fit t'eat."

But, I agree with Crystal, as for the atmosphere and service? I don't much care for sports-type bars, and I like to be, you know, waited on.
The wings suck. I love good wings and these just aren't. Service was mediocre at best. Won't go back.
I remember the first time I went to Las Vegas (circa 2004) and started my 'career' as a live boxing fan, my friend Steve would take me here when I came in on Fri nights. 

I'm not going to repeat what the previous reviewers have said, but I think the biggest gimmick for me was the hot sauces that had a rating from 1 to 10. Naturally being an egomaniac, I asked them to give me a 10. I just remember after eating those wings, sweat was starting to build on my forehead. The funniest part though was that I had an instinct wipe my eyes off, but I had the damn hot sauce on my fingers so it was a hilarious scene as I got up blind and attempted to walk myself into the employee's area and grab ice to put on my eye.

I found the service to be better than what the others have said. They were fast enough for my moderate attitude. You usually know when I want to be served when I get my own drinks in the back area anyways.

The food? Nothing spectacular, but it's filling and I usually had a good night after eating there. That isn't to say there were other 'resources' making it a better night ;-)
Decent place to grab some wings or a burger.  It's filled with TV's and they have a fun trivia game you can play at your table.  As the name implies, it has a full bar.

I had an order of mild boneless wings, and a "Big Jack Daddy Burger", which is a burger with pulled pork, bacon and onion rings.  The food was really good.  

Buffalo's is also open 24 hours, so it's a nice late night choice for the munchies.
BWW is an all around damn good wings joint...I ordered the mango habanero sauce with my buffalo wings and god, I was in heaven...

The place is open 24 hours, there's a bar and big screen tvs...I do wish the chairs, or at least the booths had some cushion to them. And they could prolly improve the decor... But overall I was happy with the place. They've also got excellent customer service, very friendly and attentive staff... Will definitely go back!
How can you go wrong with the time-tested combination of beer and wings? This specific location at the Galleria Mall had a corporate takeover in 2008, and things have gotten much better since then.

The last few times we've gone there, the food has been overcooked. According to the staff, the corporate managers fired everyone in the kitchen and replaced them with lower-wage workers. I guess you get what you pay for...

The bar staff is especially helpful, Megan, Fernando, Lysa, Sylvia, and Karena are great!
This place is the best. Good food,beer and great employees. Great for just hanging out with friends and or lunch/dinner with family. Hey you can catch a game there too. Perfect!
OK, so the last time I went to the BWW  on the other side of town I had the worst.service.ever. This place really validated the chain for me. We sat at the bar and at first had a girl taking care of us that very clearly was about to go home and did not really have any intrest in even making eye contact. We were rescued by a guy we had gotten before, i will update with his name, he was actually really great. He even remembered us and my husbands terrible taste in sports teams even tho we had only been there once before and that was months ago. Food is what it is, bar food fried and covered in sauce. You really cannot expect too much variation from spot to spot. What makes all the difference is the service and the atmosphere ( o crap I sound like that guy from office space talking about flair) but it is true. Our server rocked and the next time I want to intriduce free radicals into my body in the form of fried food and beer, I will probably go there and hope that he is my server.
There are no better wings than buffalo wild wings. I lived in San Angelo where getting a seat  @BWW for a game involved getting there a few hrs prior, then left for San Diego. BLAH! BOO!!! (i once had to pour hot sauce on top of the hottest wings @ hooters, so sad)  they know nothing about wings. We had to drive all the way to Marrietta in Riverside Co. for BWW. I'm so glad we have BWW back again. My fav right now is spicy garlic and the Azian zing. If u like hot/sweet i'd recommend ordering Azian zing/Teriaki. Yum. Spicy garlic is perfect, not too hot like the Wild and not too mild. Crazingly enought I dont order parm. garlic b/c it looks gross. Medium tastes better than hot, just has a better flavor. And rectnly I can't go in here w/out ordering their chips and salsa. Maybe b/c the salsa is ice cold. The bugers are ok, not anything to write home about, but how can you order burgers when they are glorious wings ready to be had??
What can I not say about BWW? I LOVE this place. We are usually here at least once a week. Tuesday 45 cent wings are never a let down. We usually end up getting the Mango Habanero and Caribbean Jerk sauced wings. The pulled pork sliders (with Hot BBQ sauce) and cheeseburger sliders are perfect. They'll even add a little bacon to the cheeseburger sliders if you ask. The potato wedges are always hot and great. You can add cheese and/or bacon on top but I find them the tastiest when they are plain. I love their Chicken Tender salad which is simply lettuce, tomato, red onion, croutons and your choice of chicken tenders drenched in the sauce of your choice. This salad usually provides me leftovers that I have for lunch the next day.

The service is always great. Awesome music is always playing. You can play a little video poker/blackjack up at the bar if you'd like. 

I'd live at BWW if I could. Seriously.
So... the boyfriend decided we could splurge on the healthy eating plan and hit up buffalo wild wings. 
Apparently he had a hankering for COMFORT FOOD.
Normally when we go to this location we get RODNEY as our server. We really enjoy him as he is funny, and makes sure that our orders are perfect. 
We have had poor service in the past but .. that is in the past. 
This particular evening we had a different server and she was nice .. Refills were prompt and we got our Nachos first. 
It was a big portion and completely yummy.  The chips are really fresh and they top them with queso, chili , lettuce , pico... so good. She brought us extra sour cream and salsa which was nice.
We also ordered some garlic parm wings traditional bone in extra crispy ... we got them extra saucy rather than extra crispy . but no matter it was still delicious. I took one star away for the mishap .. but notice still 4 stars.
Really really good. But next time we will make sure that we get Rodney. He really is the best server and he actually seems to enjoy his job. Which is a bonus :)
Just went there and it was pretty good.  Service was good, what you'd expect from a chain and on a friday night when it was busy.  Server missed my friends app order, but could've been his fault for not being too clear.  Other than that, the only con I have about the place is the beer price.  7 bucks for a tall Newcastle, I guess thats standard Vegas.  Bland Decor, but who cares, TV's for days...Probably gonna go there on sundays for NFL, should be great.  Oh yeah, and open 24hrs, pretty Sick imo, enjoy
I've been here a couple of times. Most recently, we stopped by after watching the Rebels win their only victory so far this season - a 45-10 thumping of lowly New Mexico. Or as I sometimes call them - Used Mexico... or Certified Pre-Owned Mexico. I kid.

There's not much to say. This is your standard BWW. The wings are pretty good but really nothing special in the end. Despite there being a huge party of middle-school-aged kids in the house, the service was still good.

I would return if it's suggested, but BWW isn't usually my choice of spots.
I still remember the first time I spotted this B Dubs.  I had just moved to town a few weeks before and couldn't believe it.  I knew if Vegas had a B Dubs, I could live here.

I've been here MANY times over the last few years, and, with the exception of last March Madness when technical difficulties forced me to go across the street to Sunset Station sports book to view the UK game, I have never had a bad experience.  Their sauce really is the best restaurant sauce.  I'm partial to Spicy Garlic and Hot wing sauce.  I even buy the trio of sauces so I can make my own at home when I am budgeting.  Plus, I'm a big dork and I love buzz time trivia.  Don't judge me.

I was here last Tuesday and discovered yet another reason to love this place: ELECTRONIC CORNHOLE!
I was in Vegas for the weekend and for general desire of an acceptable place to drink and bs with the friends, this is where we went. 

It was all the flavors of beer and wings that I'd come to expect from BWW, yet so so far from home. It was remarkably soothing to chill here to escape the expected drunken bonanza from a typical Vegas trip.
Bone in wings Tuesdays are days to look forward to. On these days my friend and I tend to egg each other on to see who can be the bigger fatty. It is not a pretty sight for anyone within the vicinity, but at these prices would you care? 

This location tend to have better quality wings then the one on Las Vegas Boulevard. We have been to both, on several occasions, and feel  the strip property has the most pathetically anorexic pieces. 

We deviated on this occasion from our normal order of four six wing orders in Caribbean jerk, spicy garlic, mango habanero, and mild. Instead we got an ordered chips and salsa as an appetizer. The chips were fresh and not oily. The salsa was not bad, I was skeptical when my friend said that their salsa was good, but it was decent. 

We stuck to our two favorite sauces; the mango habanero and spicy garlic, and tried one of the dry rubs. The Buffalo spice was a delightful variation from the normally saucy wings. It will be a new addition to our rotation. With all the sauces that BWW's has, alternating and trying new flavors is not always bad. Do it on a Tuesday or Thursday when it is cheaper to experiment.
Came here with my boyfriend and two of our other friends, making a party of four. We opted for the large order of 50 wings and tried to order 5 different flavors, but ended up getting only 4; honey bbq, mango habanero, garlic parmesan and desert heat. The honey bbq was pretty standard with lots of the sticky sweet glaze on the wings. The mango habanero had a similar color to the bbq but a fruity flavor that stood out and the punch of habanero and were very enjoyable. The garlic parmesan actually tasted strongly of parmesan and garlic, which made them stand out. I particularly enjoyed the contrast of the crumbly, dry outside of the desert heat when paired with the juicy chicken. The wings were overall pretty good but some were a bit on the small side. 

The interior is loaded with flat screen TVs displaying a wide variety of sports and girls in bikinis while there is also a bar area that provides gaming and an assortment of various beers on tap. We were happy to find Lienenkugels on tap and order a large glass- easily enough for two to share or one happy individual to chug on. 

There's a lot of appetizers that sound like yummy bar food to pair with your brew and they are open 24 hours, so I think I'll be coming here now instead of Checkers for my late-night wing fix. It's not gourmet but there's beer, boobs and chicken so who could argue?
Love the wings! Go for the spicy garlic, chipotle dry hub, and the hot.
Service was awesome by Drew at 2am when we were there. They have good snacks.
I always get the same thing every Buffalo Wild Wings I go to. Ive tried other things on the menu and  I stick with 6 HOT and 6 Medium Wings (traditional)and a tall Coors Lite.  Stick with what you like.Sit at the bar, play some trivia. I went on a weekday in the daytime at the bartender took good care of me
Excellent place to watch a game while you have some drinks, good wings and good service. Wish they wood comp more drinks while you gamble but it usually depends on how well the bartender likes you. Either way love going here for games, usually some kind of drink/appetizer special...and big fan of the spicy garlic sauce!!! Nom Nom Nom!
very talented bar staff during happy hours. Cheap wings on tuesday. Lots of beer on tap. One of my favorite sports bars
I ordered the combo plate with honey BBQ ribs and sweet BBQ traditional wings.  The wings were good, the sauce was good, the ribs were sub par.  They taste like the ribs at Applebee's, which I consider bottom of the barrel variety.  So if you go here, stick to the tried and true wings and nothing else.  In my opinion, they're not as good as The Chicken Shack or Hooters, but I'm still set on coming back and trying the boneless wings next time.

UPDATE: After a bout of insomnia, I came here at 3 in the morning to get my chicken wing fix (it's open 24 hours, conveniently enough)...  I decided to try the boneless wings (i.e. fingers) with the teriyaki sauce.  Unfortunately, I found the strips too crispy and dry and the glaze unbearably strong.  Oh well, I know for next time...  STICK WITH THE TRADITIONAL WINGS ONLY.
Service was fine.  The staff are clearly trained on upselling and offer to add-on everything they sell to your order.  The sauce was great, the wings were terrible.  I ordered 18 wings and got only 1 leg.  Everyone knows the legs are the best, so this is intentional.  I'm sure they'd be willing to give me more legs for a fee.  The wings also had very little meat on them.  The positives were friendly service and fun atmosphere.  I'd go back for beers or to buy sauce, but not wings.
It's all about Wing Tuesdays, man. You can get any number of any wing sauce for just 45 cents a piece! For 12 bone-in wings, I paid just $6.81 (including "service charge" which probably is the tip). I had 6 Honey BBQ wings, which were unfortunately a little bit bland, and 6 Parmesan Garlic wings, which totally rocked the house.

I also really enjoyed the trivia game that they have at this location. It's on about 1 out of every 3 or 4 TV screens. It's kinda cool to test your skills against people eating in restaurants across the country, and if multiple people are playing at your table, it's even better. And I love all the other TVs plastered up all over the place, which are usually playing sporting events and fun sports-related thing.

Unfortunately, the Honey BBQ wings were just not that good, and you kinda have to expect this to be a good flavor. I'll say just 4 stars based on my Wing Tuesday experience.

P.S. Don't go for the all-you-can-eat lunchtime thing unless you're definitely going to eat 20+ wings. Wing Tuesdays are a better deal for normal meals.
The wings here are delicious. I get the Mango Habanero and Asian Zing every time I'm in town. I wish I had one closer to where I live.
This place makes me sad. I'm new to Vegas from California and have never been to BWW before; therefore I was elated to learn of their AYCE wings from 11-2 lunch special. Stopped in for lunch after a midterm with the girls yesterday. The waittress Danielle S. seemed to be the only waittress in the entire restaurant (with the rest of the staff standing around socializing &doing the minimal). It took 50 mins to get our order, even though Danielle S. reassured us that it only takes 8 mins to make :O ...... We had 1.5 hours for lunch from class after the exam and we were stuck at this joint for almost 2 hours. The waittress was nice BUT DID NOT UNDERSTAND when we mentioned our time constraint. She lagged getting our orders and spent 20 mins to get the bill. Completely unacceptable to spend 2hrs for lunch. Asked for confirmation of the bill several times; did not know how to split a bill; felt the need to write "YOUR COPY" & "MY COPY" on all our receipts so we know where to sign because apparently we all do not know what merchant means. I asked another girl who did not seem preoccupy whatsover for help because we had to get back to class and she responded that there was nothing she can do and it will be a minute. THE FACT THAT WE HAD TO GET UP AND STAND BY THE REGISTERS AND WAIT TO BE RANG UP IS HORRIFIC. Rude ass employees with grade school manners. The manager was present but did not care to acknowledge the problem; simply told us to wait for our checks!!! I'm sure other locations do not treat people like this and they do not deserve your business. The one star was for the wings, the only thing that made sense.
I've been to quite a few "b-dubs" and this one is alright.  It's usually pretty packed here (I guess it's because the last few times I went, we were there for tuesday wing night lol) so we usually have to wait for a while to get seated.

I usually opt to getting the "veggie" burger for the non meat eaters and it was pretty good.  The last time though the burger was cold so I was a bit bummed that I had to eat a partially frozen burg.  Nonetheless, it is nice to have an option in a restaurant where wings reign supreme.

Also, the trivia aspect of BWW is a nice touch.  It keeps everybody engaged on the table plus it makes the wait for the food seem a little shorter.

Good times and good wings (so I hear).  Maybe next time they'll make my burger a little less cold and make me a little more happy.
This, I would say, is by far the best BWW I've been to.  First off, it's huge!  So many TV's cover this place plus is very opened up. Some BWW's are separated in rooms this one is much more like one big open room then the bar. The bar is also very open and very big. Almost all the TV's are angled at such a position where you can see everything wherever you're at. 
The food and service are much like other BWW's, very friendly, very prompt. I went in on a Monday Night Football game with the Cowboys playing and it was packed. Still, I got my wings and potato wedges before my beer even arrived! 
Only suggestion (and this goes out to all BWW's): Make a breaded version of wings like Hooters. It's the only thing missing from your menu.
Love this Buffalo Wild Wings! I get a take out order for co workers and myself once a week and it's always delicious!

Definitely stop by if you're at the mall shopping and looking for some tasty, great priced food!

Their honey bbq sauce is to die for!
The services at this place is always just okay. The food always seems to take forever to come out. 

On a good note, all the things I've ever tasted have been delicious.  Right now I really like the new wing flavor, Jammin Jalapeño.  The flavor is delicious and it had just the right amount of kick!
3.5 stars

Just get the wings and beer. 

I tried 5 flavors and my favorites were the Carribean Jerk and the Chipotle Dry Rub. The chipotle dry rub was perfectly seasoned. The carribean jerk sauce tasted great but they drowned the chicken in the sauce which lessened the crunchiness of the fried chicken. Next time, I think I'll ask them to "go easy" on the sauce. I also got the cole slaw and potatoes wedges on the side. The wedges were standard but simply a filler for me. As for the cole slaw, it tasted funky. I can't quite put my finger on it but something was off putting about the slaw. 

I wish they had an option where you can taste just the sauce. I guess I'll ask them next time =)

I was pretty full at 10 wings (is that barbaric for a woman?).

Anyhow, I plan to come here after finals week to down some beer and chomp on some wings. It's a good spot to hang out with friends and zone out on one of their TVs!
Came back last night for Wing Tuesday and managed to try a lot of flavors because my friends ordered different things. Skipped the honey bbq because I wasn't impressed last time. My favorites were garlic parmesan, asian zing, and chipotle bbq. Buffalo was pretty good, but was more buttery than spicy. Caribbean jerk was also really good, although I'd shy away from ordering myself the minimum of 5 because it was kinda spicy for me. Others who are more tolerant won't find it so spicy. The last one that I tried, desert heat, was just ok.

Not ready to bump this up to 5 stars yet because the service was a bit slow while we were deciding on our orders. Definitely a good idea to bring friends on tuesdays to share different flavors of wings for just $0.45. And it's really open 24/7, which is great for late night munchies!
Best WINGS...;-)
I gave an extra star because the service was fantastic.  Never had an empty drink, appetizers came up quick, server checked in multiple times.  And this was during busy hours.

The appetizers...not so great imo.  Had the Roasted Garlic Mushroom, just tasted like something fried in my mouth, not sure what it was.  Jalapeno Pepper bites (with bacon), not good, big disappointment.  Artichoke dip - that was good.

The wings...those were pretty good.  I was with friends that had specific tastes and sensitive to heat so since we were sharing I couldn't try the ones I really wanted to (habanero, blazing, etc.)  Did try the hot, parmesan garlic, honey bbq, and they were all good.

Liked the sports bar atmosphere, different games all over and you can play trivia. 

All in all, I'd definitely go back for the wings and the artichoke dip.
BWW is just okay.  The service is always just BARELY acceptable.  On multiple occasions, I've had to send back the chili con queso or spinach artichoke dip because it was cold in the middle.  I also HATE their side salads with all that frickin' curly lettuce.  It makes me feel like I'm eating a houseplant.

Upside?  I like the sauces.  Caribbean Jerk and Garlic Parmesan.  Oh heck yes.
All hats off!!! Sports, Big Screens  tv every where. Mangers are are fantastic!!!!! Beer of all brands from draft, imports, domestics and specialty!!!! Bufflalo Wild Wings ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very standard Buffalo Wild Wings location. I have experienced both good and bad service here, so it's hit or miss. On our most recent visit, the service was good and they kept the drink refills coming, which is key when I kick up the spice level.
Honestly, wings are probably my favorite food on the planet. I'll get them any way I can. BWW always has good variety and plays just about every sporting event known to man, which makes this place all the better for me. I'll be spending a lot of time here during football season. My new love is the Thai curry.
Awesome food and service!
I have to rate this a 1 star just so I can tell you how horrible they actually are!!!

Ok so we decided to eat here because the Olympics are going on and what a great place to probably watch some of the games whilst enjoying some wings, right?  Um nope, not at all!!   First we had to stand at the front and ask if they could please turn at least one of their many screens to an Olympic sport, after much debate on which screen would be turned we were able to have a seat.  

We were escorted over to a table that was still dirty from the prior guests and just as we were about to sit down the host told us "WAIT!!"  "Let me wipe that down for you"  Underneath the table had what appeared to be a days worth of straw wrappers and those rings that go around the napkins.  They do not seem to care about what the floor looks like.  The booth was covered in food particles also but they never bothered to wipe the seats off, just the table.  

10 minutes went by before anyone came to even take our drink order, yet the server that did finally grace us with his presence had walked by at least 8 times prior to taking our orders and made eye contact with me each time.  

I ordered Iced Tea, the other two people in my group ordered a water and a Coke Zero.  He could not get the order right, I had to tell him two more times that I had ordered an Iced Tea.  I was afraid that he might not come back for awhile we placed our order, you know having 10 minutes of sitting there waiting for a server we all had more than ample enough time to decide.  We sat another 10 to 15 minutes before the drinks came back and when I was handed a very brownish in color Iced Tea, which tasted like coffee grounds.  It was horrible!!  I had to wait another 15 minutes before anyone came back to our table so I could ask for another drink.  

The server that did come at this time was a girl, completely different from the first server that took our official order.  She dropped the trays where we would put our bones onto the floor and then laughed just seconds before asking us "Oh did I drop something?"  I DO NOT KNOW!!  I was not paying attention to you doing your job, I am trying to enjoy my time with my friends.   She apologized for the disgusting tea and took my drink order and walked away.  

We actually even noticed our first server taking a "to-go box" to the people behind our booth and dropped it on the floor upside down, he literally picked it up and proceeded to hand the clueless customers the dirty "to-go box"  

Two of us actually ordered wings but we had no where to put the bones and nothing to even clean our hands off with, well I should take that back, we each received the one napkin that was rolled up with our dirty silverware.....and yes they were dirty, every piece had dried up food on it!  

Another server, different from the two that had stopped at our table brought me my drink and we had to again ask for napkins and a place to put the bones, several minutes later a 4th server came to drop off napkins and a little tray for the bones, not once did anyone apologize for any of this bad service and not once did anyone ask "HOW IS EVERYTHING?"  Had they bothered to ask I would have been completely honest and told them that the service was horrible!  

I actually had to leave the table to wash my hands in the bathroom since we were not giving more than 2 more napkins but most importantly, no moist towel things.....YET a table across from us that were participating in an eating contest sure did have some.

Towards the end of our meal a manager walked by and picked up the small cardboard tray/container that the 2nd server dropped on the floor and finally a 5th server stopped by our table to see if we needed refills, I just asked for the bill so we could leave.  

The best way to describe this location of Buffalo Wild Wings is it sucks!!  I have eaten at many Bdubs over the years in Michigan and they all have had very minor issues but have all been a very fun time, I will NEVER eat at this location again and it has really put a bad taste in my mouth about trying to go to any other one in Nevada for that matter!!   

It has been 2 hours since I left and I already have a terrible stomach ache which I can only think was the chicken, I did not get anything spicy this time so I do not think it was any of the sauce and the funny thing is the name of our server on my bill was a completely different person that we never even met named Frank!!!  

My advice to this place is to get their stuff together!
Good place to come watch some football have some wings maybe a few drinks and enjoy the game.
24-hour wing place sounds good to me! customer service is A-ok. hit or miss sometimes. 

food: i wish the wings were a little bit bigger!!!!!

MUST TRY THE Mango habenero!!!!!!
I love the sauces, but the wings themselves aren't great.  I now start eating the boneless strips just because the wings have been subpar.  Service is usually pretty good here.  Spicy Garlic might just be my favorite wing sauce period.
I've been to several BW3's over the years, and have always loved them. The only problem with them is that I've gotten too old for places that loud - that's more of a failing with me than with them.

I need to get a bottle of their mango habanero sauce, so I don't have to waste time with any chicken nonsense, and just drink that.
I am not a fan of the wing scene in Vegas but BWW isn't too bad. I prefer to go on Tuesday or Thursday when they are .60 cents. They have good happy hour food and drink specials twice a day and this is a great place to watch sports.
Our server this past visit was AWESOME!
so friendly happy and seemed as though he enjoyed his job. Unlike a young gal who seemed somewhat bi-polar, when asking for cheese with the fries.
Well!! we went on a Friday night before going bowling.. ohh yeah!

BUSY it was very busy!  wait was about 35 minutes for a clean table. 
A few games were going on the large tv screens and the bar was full!  

I don't remember our servers name.. but he checked back frequently to see that everything was okay. if we needed anything else. refilled our cups. 

and.. as we were ordering combined the wings into a larger order, as opposed to three small orders and made it cheaper for us.  NOW that is a NICE man. :D  

just saying he got a good tip.

nice and close to the mall if you don't fancy food court food.
Let me start off by saying, I LOVE chicken wings. They are one of my 5 major food groups. So its only natural that I visit this establishment VERY often. However, I will NEVER be returning after my experience over the past week. The other night my fiance and I went in for some late night wings and drinks. I said I would pay for food, and he would pay for drinks. I paid cash, he paid on his card. The next day we realized they had charged his card twice, for the drinks and food. I called them up with both reciepts ready and explained my problem. The manager said that only the drink charge would post and if there was any problems I could call back. Well when the wrong charge posted, I called back and he said there was nothing he could do. He was rude to me about it, unapologetic and made no offer to make it right to me. I have worked in the restaurant business and I have NEVER seen that. Usually when a restaurant makes a mistake they not only make it right, but they usually offer you something for the inconvenience. All this manager did was pretty much say oh well, sucks to be you. Lets just say, I'll be getting my chicken wing fix elsewhere from now on.
I've been coming here since i was 1yrs. old, and I absolutely love this place. DON'T order Sweet BBQ with ANY hot wing/boneless wings, you will be highly disappointed. But this place ALWAYS rocks my socks =]
You cant go wrong with salt and vinegar wings, a cold beer and a good game. This is one of the hubs favorite places to go and I thoroughly enjoy myself as well. I was amazed by the quality of the salad I ordered. I expected your typical run of the mill restaurant side salad - iceberg lettuce, some onions and ranch. But this was amazing. There was a variety of greens and even some extra veggies tossed in. Love it.
Great wings and great service by Daniel! !! Love my blue moon on draft! Try the havanero mango mmmmmmm!
This place is growing on me.  It has the feel of a sports bar and the food quality of a good sports bar :) .  They have great sauces for their wings, the onion rings were fabulous, the hamburger, while not the greatest hamburger ever, really hits the spot and you can put whatever you want on it.  Try the queso on it!  The bun wasn't crispy enough for me but the burger was cooked right!  

There is always at least two tv's you can watch no matter which direction you face and the staff is friendly!

We will definitely come here when there is a sporting event! Even our picky kids like it!
Hot wings and burgers sounded great after a night out, but I was really disappointed.  The bartender took all of our orders correctly (i could tell by the receipt) but every single order came out of the kitchen wrong! Definitely not wasting my money here again for a late night snack.
This ones isn't as close to my house... but I stop in occasionally when I'm in the area. I usually sit at the bar and Megan always takes great care of me. This one usually has an upbeat vibe. The girls behind the bar are fun.
Nothing like take a break from the mall with a tall Blue Moon to take the edge off.

If I'm eating than I really like the chips with cheese and Cajon seasoning. I feel like the quality of the chips has gone down a little bit, not a lot...but there's a small distinction. I still like them.
Wings: My favorites in order are: Wild (Spicy), Mango Habanera (spicy), and Teriyaki (mild), Caribbean Jerk (medium), & Spicy Garlic (medium) 
But my friend really likes the honey BBQ (mild) 
Pro tip: Order the wings crispy (I hate when I forget)

Happy Hour 2pm-7pm and 10pm-6am
$3 Drinks (Jack, Captain or Absolute)
$3 Domestic Drafts
$3 select Appetizers (only time I get the mushrooms)
Buffalo Wild Wings holds a special place in my heart because it is the place where my husband and I had our first date. I know, it's just magical right? It was not at this particular location, but I still think back to our first meeting whenever I go to BWW.

This location is located in the Galleria Mall Shopping Complex and tends to be busy and frequented by quite a few patrons on the regular. It has the same feel as any other BWW you will go into. Sports bar, good selection of beers, great menu items, and of course tasty chicken. Whether you like it on the bone or boneless, BWW is here for you.

On my husband and I's recent trip here we had indulged in boneless wings, buffalo chips with cheese and bacon, and cheese curds. To be noted these cheese curds are made with cheddar cheese, which is hard to come by in Vegas because typically most places use a white mozzarella. My husband is from Iowa, where they serve cheese BALLS (and they are always cheddar), so this was a great find for him. My boneless wings were a bit on the dry side though and they didn't have the Sam Adam's seasonal beer they had featured in the menu that my husband wanted. 

The waitress brought me a tall beer instead of a regular, but said the bartender just accidentally poured that one and she figured she just bring me that one anyway but still charge for the regular, which was fine. She did ask us if we wanted dessert while we were barely into eating our meal, which was a little odd, but oh well. Service was a tad slow, but the place was kind of busy.

Overall this BWW gets a solid 4 stars. I would obviously return.
Oh gosh, it was clearly after 1:00am when my roommate suggested we go to BWW for a late night snack.  I was actually starving and agreed, even though I had an 8:00am meeting.  

The great thing is that all BWWs are very consistent.  When you enter, you see the restaurant dining area for folks who prefer a non bar scene.  Keep in mind, this place closes after hours.  In the back is the bar area.  The bar takes up a lot of the space, obviously being the focal point of the area.  The bar area is filled with round bar stools, big screen TVs for the game and sports memorabilia.  The bartender was the only server on duty at the time.  He was nice, however, it took soooo long to place our order or get our check.  It was to the point that we would just stare at him until he came around.  Granted, there were three other parties in there at the moment, but c'mon.  I was a little turned off by that.  

For starters, we got the cheese curds for $5.19.  Battered and fried cheddar curds served with a yellowish dipping sauce.  The curds were not good at all in my opinion.  The batter seemed stale and it came off as if they sat out for quite some time.  The dipping sauce made it worse.  I couldn't even tell what it was.  Just not good.  For my meal, I got the snack size traditional wings, mild flavor, for $5.99.  You get about 5 wings flavored the way you like it.  The mild sauce was flavorful but a little hot for my taste buds. The blue cheese dipping sauce made it better.  I do appreciate the fact that they made a good wing, I'll give them that.  

Although it was after hours, I wasn't that impressed by this location.  It's close to my house, so I know I'll eventually be back.  Hard to say when, though.  In an area filled with restaurants, it's not really standing out as a first choice for me in the future.
One of the better BWW I've been to. Being in the middle of Henderson, I was surprised at how many Seahawk fans there were at the bar. Happy hour specials run from 2-7pm during the week, which includes $3 well drinks, $3 domestic beers, and $3 select appetizers. My only complaint was that food took forever to come out, but I'll give them a pass since it was a busy night with the biggest Monday night football game of the year playing. I'll probably never come back to this location again due to proximity, but it gets a thumbs up!
My favorite location by far. Love me some hot wings and cold beer!

Great happy hour specials. The asain zing is the bomb. They have dry rubs as well. They are so so. Love the selection of sauces. 

Pretzels with cheese sauce is some of the best around. 

Enough TV's to keep the biggest sports fan happy! They are happy to move the games around too so your game is on the tv nearest you!!

Love that they have their names on the back of their shirts too!!
Best service I have had at a Buffalo Wild Wings in a while! It was sugar bowl game day and we completely forgot so when we got there it was extremely crowded but they still managed to sit us immediately in the bar area. Our server was Jenn who was very attentive! Our guest service manager was Jeremy and he was so awesome! We adored him he was so nice and brought us a great beer sample. The food was awesome, beer was awesome and ticket times were short! Will for sure be returning again soon!
My husband and I have had a bad experience at a Buffalo Wild Wings restaurant before. This one wasn't so bad.

The customer service was quick and our waitress was friendly and prompt. We got our drinks quickly and were waited on in a timely manner.

We ordered parmesan garlic boneless chicken wings. My husband prefers bone-in wings because he thinks there's more meat and less breading. But I'm his wife, so I win. Anyway, the chicken was good. I liked the amount of sauce, and the wings weren't cold. 

The booth was spacious, the place was clean, and the room wasn't obnoxiously loud.

Very nice place to have a date and watch espn at the same time.
Great service, good wings, they keep your drinks coming, and I like country they were playing it the entire time I was there :) don't think that's something they do all the time. I think I just got lucky :) you can't really mess up wings tho unless you over cook them or under cook them. Didn't blow me away but I'll definitely be back.
Who doesn't like wings? I like this particular location because it's close to everything especially me lol. Dave your friendly neighborhood bartender is outgoing and friendly. we were just ordering some wings to go but ended up having a few brews n appetizers. Still ordered wings to go lol. cool place, lots of screens, friend staff and bomb wings!
Its a fine place.  If you think the Olive Garden is the best Italian than you'll think this place is the best for wings. Or, if you take comfort in the familiarity of chain restaurants than again its for you. But if you're actually looking for the best wings for the best cost try a local place like Chicken Shack or Born and Raised. If you're looking for beer again Go Local or a national chain that has a good happy hour prices and more to offer on tap. Finally for a sports place that tries to establish itself in the community they go out of their way to not show UNLV basketball again try local, especially a great place like born and raised... if you don't mind a little drive.
OK, I am writing this as a "converted" wing eater. I have never cared for wings but after eating here, I'm hooked! what can I say, the food and service were great! Servers are always available, yet they do not bug you. I'll be back.
Horrible service today! Not really a godd lunch place anymore as it seems things are taking long to come out of the kitchen. We asked our server for our check and obviously we are on lunch and she goes to take 2 more orders and disappears.
Attentive sever Kathleen...food severed prompt, fast & hot ;)....only one problem the booth was not clean. Please do not ask me if you should re-clean it when it was not clean in the first place. How can you re-clean something that was not clean from the start. Appreciate the managers gesture of offering chips & salsa.  Otherwise everything else was all good.
They give us free sample to taste their new sauce.  Wow I became fan on dry sauce.
awesome food with great service! I love this place! the only thing I think is a little annoying is when their "experience captains" come around, Im just trying to enjoy my food and conversations! Other than that everything is wonderful!!
Why don't they EVER run coupons ???  It's really frustrating. I remember getting coupons in the mail but it's been a Long Time.  We love Buffalo Wild Wings and do frequent several locations but seriously a little LOVE to your customers would be much appreciated. ????
This Hooters was a lot better before the Hooters Casino opened up in the old San Remo on The Strip. The girls were prettier and the atmosphere was better. Now that the Hooters Casino is open that property takes all the A-grade girls and the left overs here can't wait until a spot opens up in the casino so they can boogie on over.

On the plus side, this is a convenient location and the oysters aint too bad.
I went to this Hooters on my first Vegas trip... the cabby had no idea where the hell it was located and neither did we, I got in the cab and said take me to Hooters!  (obviously this was before the Casino opened by the strip)

About four of us girls came out here for lunch which was great and it wasn't anywhere near busy in there... 

I got a seriously cute hoodie that says welcome to fabulous hooters as a pun on the vegas sign... and it has dice on the sleeve... (I have a dice fettish)... I had a great time and they were having a clothes sale.. who could ask for more??
Hooters Las Vegas.... In most other towns, this place is a novelty where girls with large tata's run around in signature white tank tops and short orange gym shorts with huge 80's style socks. In Vegas though, half of the casinos and everyone on the strip dresses like this. :_

Well.... minus the atmosphere, the food is basic, fried and soaked in various levels of hot sauce. Personally, I do not know of anyone (other then my friend or grandfather) who come here for the food. Maybe it's the atmosphere or their awesome service? Ok.... maybe not the service. Must be the warm and inviting atmosphere. :)
I'm an awesome wife damnit and don't let anyone tell you otherwise! My husband has a thing for the food at Hooters (yeah right, lol!) so I oblige and go with him to eat at Hooters about every year or 2 (yup that's all I can stand!). 

This was our first visit at this location, we're used to the TX locations where the girls are MUCH hotter (my husband called the girls at  this location "the Tuesday daytime shift girls from a strip club"), and the food apparently in TX is better. Who knew. 

Beer was $3.50 for 22.5 oz. Not too shabby there. 

My husband got "medium" wings. While he claims they are tasty and perfect, they were definitely off on the spice level. My husband can't handle spice at all and these had 0 flavor. So I guess medium = mild = flavorless at hooters . 

Lots of Tots sounded yummy on the menu (tots with cheese, bacon, and sour cream) but were pretty weak. 

And now on to the real low-rating clencher...
I don't really like chicken wings so at hooters I get snow crab legs. I know, some could call me stupid, but honestly I'm not THAT picky about snow crab legs. I can eat some pretty bad ones and be happy. I get them in TX at Hooters and they are fine.. acceptable..
These were brownish/grey.. literally.. and really disgusting. I called them the nastiest crab legs ever but then had to retract that statement. That honor belongs to the Rio seafood buffet!

Bottom line: Come here for the beer (if you're so inclined), but don't eat anything ! As Rufus mentioned the cocktail servers at nearly ANY casino are much better looking.
We went there to watch my COWBOYS play the Eagles for the 3rd time last season so it was a great day. Now the food was good. We knew the calorie content was high having just moved from San Diego where they are legally required to list the calorie content right on the menu. LOVE THAT! and we told the waitress we were sharing a wrap with curly fries. It was delish. I'd order it again. She came back to ck on us the appropriate amt of times. not to fussy. a few beers - close to my house, great night.
I've never been a fan of Hooters and this one didn't change my mind.  Even my friend who is a huge Hooters fan, refuses to go back after this experience.  It wasn't the service, the wings/food just weren't good.   And I kinda have to agree with Blairs husband about the ladies, sorry... This is not the hooters to go to.
I've never been to any Hooters that has given me good service.  So our club went out here for a good time, and upon entering the waitress seemed like she was less interested in helping us.  We asked for a table for about 20 people, and she looked rather irritated more than helpful.  We didn't wait that long to get everything setup in a place that was deserted.  But hey, that was just the bottom of the totem pole.  

I'm a person, who knows what to order once I get seated.  I say it out loud and maybe a little too fast, but I say it clearly.  The waitress kept on saying "what?" how many times after I repeated myself like 3 times.  Once everyone got their order down and taken care of it took them more than half an hour to get the orders out. LIKE COM'ON?!  There's like NO ONE IN YOUR STORE?! And when the orders did come out, it wasn't all at once. It was like 15 mins after the other.  Maybe I'm exaggerating, maybe I'm not.....but I swear, a restaurant that has no customers to service to, should have their undivided attention in pleasing the people they do have.  I don't know, maybe that's just me? As soon as my order arrived, the waitress notifies me, that she drops my wings and says... "Sorry, we're making another batch." I was like ok, that made everything worst because it took me even longer to eat. There was no, here's a complimentary this for waiting for your food. NOT even a refill for my drink, which she failed to do multiple times! 

This isn't the worst restaurant experience I've had, but it's pretty up there.  You should try to avoid eating here if possible.  Plus, the food isn't all that great.  I personally like Buffalo Wild Wings better, at least it has flavor.
great wings and things
excellent customer service
very good management 
various imported beers available
great lcd t.v. screens for espn sports
great takeout carriers for food
This place is a restaurant right??? THEN FIX THE DARN FOOD!
The food is mediocre at best. Wings are 3" of breading around 1 millimeter of meat. Hamburgers were all greasy and lopsided on the bun and gave us terrible upset stomachs.

As for service...sure it's nice to look at 21 year old waitresses in skimpy clothing. BUT... the waitress decided to take our order and not write anything down just did it by memory. So of course when our order came it was completely wrong. Then she gave us an attitude problem. After food was delivered she disappeared until we were ready to leave.

Sorry, I won't eat here again. We spent over $100 for food that was no better than what you would get off the McDs dollar menu.
Draft shouldn't be blank.
Poor service, with worse food. The only draw is obvious from the name of the restaurant. But that is why we have the internet.
Surprisingly one of the better Hooters I've gone to.  

The wings were good and the mojitos were excellent.

Unfortunately, as a non-local you don't get quite the attention or service you would if you come here as a local.  I sat at the bar and had good service to begin but the bartender/waitress never came to check on how I was doing.  She was too busy talking to her boyfriend (confirmed) and one of the patrons who comes here every day.  I had to ask another waitress (not my area) for bleu cheese and another drink.

The good part was the wings were very large (big issue with the Hooters in the Mass area......as the wings look like Buffalo Wing Wing leftovers in MA) and the drinks were REAL strong.  Three mojitios later and I had to go sit in the sportsbook for a while before I could take off back to South Point.

This place takes Stations Gift Cards so that is good for me (since I bought $400 worth of gift cards for $200 from the weluvlocals promo).
It's strange.  I've only been to one other Hooters (in California) and I remember the wings there being a lot better.  The ones here seemed smaller, greasier, with a slightly buttery taste.  Not exactly bad, and not exactly great.  For my money, The Chicken Shack in Henderson is the way to go for primo chicken wings (my own endorsement, but they should still pay me).

Oh, and the women here weren't so bad either.
Yup... it's a Hooters alright! Okay, lets start by saying: it is what it is! It's a Hooters... decent food served by women with big boobs and tight booty shorts, add some beer and I'M GAME! This place is a bit small compared to other Hooters I've been to but the service was really friendly and quick. I probably would've liked the food better if I was drinking more but I had to go to work afterwords. I feel like their food is great when I'm drunk and NOT when I'm... well... NOT! Definitely a good spot to watch the game, get in a few drinks, and chow on some grub.
Terrible wings and service was not great. Waste of money the waitress was nowhere to be found anytime we needed anything.  Also she was too busy rubbing her stomach to pay attention to her customers!  NEVER AGAIN HOOTERS!!!
We love Hooters!! Wednesday Wings day is awesome and the peanut butter pie is to die for! Girls are cute, but not amazing..  All in all it's a great place though I wish it had the same menu as the Hooters in California. Lemon pepper wings... Just saying!
I finally found someone who would go to Hooters with me.  Yeah, I said it.  We sat down in a low table and scoped out the TVs.  Me?  There to see the Big 10 championship of course.  I asked our nice waitress once.  Twice.  Couldn't find a manager.  Asked again.  Got a new waitress, Brie.  Asked Brie.  She went in search of the elusive remote.  Like a rock star, Brie climbed up to the HD monolith and changed it herself.  Big kudos to this little lady.  And a big tip.  Steamed Shrimp wasn't as fresh as I've had before but the loaded tots were DELISH.  Some may find it odd that I get shrimp at Hooters, but I alsways. do.  My male companion's boneless wings were yummy too.  Crispy and juicy.  I won't be back to this Hooters but I'll continue to patronage when I can convince someone to go with me.
This is our 2nd favorite Hooters in town and our favorite in a Casino. I like the Wingsday special with Hot or 911 sauce and Bleu Cheese. Also try the wings "naked" with lemon pepper (available at some Hooters.) I have found the service at most Hooter to be above average and this one is no exception. It is clean and bright, they have an outside patio. The manager was very accomodating for a large group. They always have specials on food, 'ritas and the beer is cold.
Hey, it's Hooters, not fine dining. But I had a good burger, a stiff drink and a good time. Me and a few guys sat at the bar. The bartender was beautiful, attentive, and friendly.
We used to go to Hooters all the time back in our home town.  It was great we met up with friends and the food was great.  We moved to Vegas and haven't really gone.  I think mostly because they aren't close to our house and we have 2 little girls.  It was a Saturday night and I asked my wife if she wanted to go?  She said sure.  This is what I have come to expect from every Hooter's I have even been too.  The service sucks!  Yes, I said it.  I lower the bar a lot when I go to a Hooters.  In fact they should just have the girls walk around and do nothing.  I will get my own refill and place my own order at a window.  Why? because I really like the wings.  I think they're great.  So when we went to this Hooter's I wasn't surprised when our waitress just disappeared for a long time.  In fact the table next to us moved and got a new waitress.  Back to the food.  the wings were great and my wife ordered a Philly Cheese steak.  The kids meals were not overpriced either.  My daughter got a grilled cheese.  We went in got our food and took off.  It was great!  So a rule of thumb.  I am pretty sure Hooter waitresses hate families,  (They like dumb guys who tip them for crappy service.) and the service sucks.  If you like wings and curly fries then go to Hooters! Cheers!
Hooters at Sunset Station is closed, gone, no more
I can confirm this is closed.  I was, uh, just passing by.  Right, that's it!  Just passing by.
I'm not a big fried chicken fan and I have not been to a KFC in years.  I kept seeing all these ads for how KFC has changed.  They lowered the prices and now have supposed grilled chicken.  NOPE, still awful.  I got a box meal and it was cold.  I ordered a bowl for my husband and they charged me for something else, which was more money.  No sorry or a refund.  I won't be back.
This was one of those nights when we just didn't have time to make dinner so we opted for the lazy way out and hit the drive-thru. Given that it was just before midnight, we tried to remain optimistic about what might be left in stock. One of the two "Famous Bowls" seemed more like the washed up, haggard version of famous, given that the bowl was barely half full. The remainder of our order wasn't horrible, but it wasn't fabulous either. On the bright side, the employee at the window was very good! He was friendly and speedy!
A serious favorite.

They have the best wings I've ever had, and plenty of other good food.  They have a variety of tasty sauces to choose from for your wings & the price is good.  They have discounts throughout the week ($1 wing buckets, $1 beers, etc)  Potato skins, fries - pretty much all complimentary items are tasty.  I've also been told that the chicken wraps, burgers and sandwiches are quite scrumptious.  I don't reccomend the salads though - why are you eating salad at a wing joint?  

It's pretty high energy, with sports events on the tv, an interactive trivia game available to patrons via controller and television, and a variety of beer and other drinks to choose from.

Verdict:  Great wings.  Great fun.  Great all around.  If you want wings and a casual, sports bar atmosphere - this is the ultimate.

NOTE: As far as locations, I go to this one when we're on our way back from the race track, but otherwise the other location is closer.  Honestly, there is no real difference between the two. Pretty much the same size, same feel, same food.  Which, in my opinion, is a sign of greatness.
I've eaten at this place and I've gotten carryout. The carryout service can be a bit slow late on weekends. My only complaint, however, is that sometimes they don't put enough barbecue sauce on the wings -it's like they are careless about dipping the wings in the sauce and half the wings may have nothing on them.  I've taken to asking them for extra sauce on the side (even though it's always lukewarm), but sometimes they'll screw up the order and give me sauce on the side but none on the wings!  Egads.  I eat a mostly vegetarian diet these days but if I wanted wings, I'd still come back here. I'd just check the order before leaving! ;-) 

OH- I should add that they have a TV-based series of trivia games that patrons can play from their tables using these electronic units.  Some people are pretty addicted to these games; there are different ones on different days of the week, and all of the BWW restaurants across the country are ranked live on the screen.  It's kinda fun, if you like that.
Sometimes the wings are bad, sometimes they're just delicious.  So I don't know what to make of it except to give a mediocre rating.  It's fun sometimes drinking here except on big game days where it's just ridiculously crowded, and service stinks on these days.  The days with the specials are the days to definitely go.  I've just had up and down days from this place.
This weekend we were in Vegas so we hit up Buffalo Wild Wings.  It worked out perfectly because we had planned on taking a trip up to Temecula to taste these highly talked about wings.  Some friends of ours are from the Northeast and say that in college they lived off these suckers.

We went out on Saturday night and so we were killed on Sunday morning.  I didn't feel much like getting off the couch, but we HAD to.  The thought of not going in Vegas and having to drive to Temecula motivated me to go.  When we got there we were sat quickly which was nice considering the state I was in, standing for too long may have caused me to pass out from my headache and weak knees.  I was able to convince my husband to order Medium this time, I was in no condition to deal with the pain from sauce any hotter than that.  Our friend ordered the spicy garlic sauce.  If you haven't been here before, know that there are lots of sauces to choose from for your wings or boneless wings.  I also ordered the fish sandwich and a basket of fries smothered in cheese for the table.  

When the wings came out they didn't look as good as all the others we've tried.  The sauce was very orange and the wings were a bit on the small side.  The taste however made up for the appearance...like that saying "things aren't always as they appear."  The wings were yummy, so good in fact that at the moment we thought that they had surpassed the Moondoggies wings in San Diego.  After eating all the wings, the general consensus was that Moondoggies were better but these are a close second.  Their Blue Cheese dressing was good too, but not as good as the Moondoggies dressing.  The fries were awesome though, the best fries we've had during Wing-tober.  The fish sandwich was just ok, there was a lot of fish and it was fried to crisp perfection.  I think I just needed more tartar sauce.  We also got a basket of mini corn dogs "on the house."  Those were just ok also.  They were super crispy on the outside, but you could hardly taste the hot dog inside, needless to say, we didn't finish the basket.  

The server was very nice and attentive to us, which is always a plus.
I ate here about a year ago and remembered that the food was just ok.  I previously ordered the popcorn shrimp and the wedge potatoes and like I said before, it was just ok.

Well, today, my co-worker was raving about the boneless wings and the sauce and I decided to give it another try.  I ordered the boneless wings with honey bbq sauce and onion rings. Both were delicious.  

I would recommend ordering ahead, since I waited 20 minutes for my food.  At least you know that its made to order and not sitting under a heat lamp somewhere.
YUM! I was in Vegas for the weekend and one of the girls I was with was raving about this place. There were several locations in the Las Vegas area, but at the time - we were by this one. So, I was thinking.....of all the places to eat in Vegas - you want to have hot wings???? OMG, now I know why. 

I've eaten a lot of buffalo hot wings in my lifetime, but I must say - the Spicy Garlic flavor at Buffalo Wild Wings were BANGIN'!!! The chicken was fried just right. The skin was crispy enough and the meat moist. The sauce was spicy but there was still a lot of flavor to savor. There were a variety of sauces to choose but I chose the Spicy Garlic for my first try. 

The prices are good and the menu simple, great beer selection. When you're in the mood to just have a straight forward meal - this is the place to go, plus the big screen TV's are a bonus when there's a good game goin' on. I'm bummed, the closest location to San Diego is Murrieta!!!!!!!!!
There is almost no reason to go to BWW unless you're jonesing to play NTN trivia.  I used to be a regular here, sometimes coming as often as 3-4 times a week, and I one of their first customers on the day of their grand opening.  But better competition has moved into the Eastern Avenue market and BWW refuses to adapt.  The drinks are cheaper at Inn Zone down the street.  The food is better at Stadium Grille across the street.  The gambling comps are better at Doc Holiday's which has two locations in the area.  Every time I come in one of the four big TV's doesn't work.  And what kind of place doesn't serve you fries with your burger?  You have to order fries separately.  I still stop here periodically (usually when I want to play trivia) but to be honest, there are now better choices in the area.
Typical BW3's. Noisy, typical sports bar atmosphere. 40 year old guys with baseball caps on backwards, shades hanging off the back of their Vikings jerseys, yelling at the jerk who just dropped an easy pass because, you know, if he was playing he could have done much better... bah
good wings (get them extra crispy) service was good. I've never really had slow service at the bar area, the sit down area though i think is quite a bit slower. Our waitress was nice and talked with us for a bit.
I've always like the BW3's in Centennial Hills better though, not sure why....
The wings were good.  the choice of sauces is a nice change of pace from say Hooter's.  It seems like a nice place to watch the game, whichever game that might.  They're also open 24 hours, why I don't know, but this is Vegas, and everyone loves where they can drink, smoke and play video poker..
I like buffalo wild wings but this place was not good either of the two times I was there.  My girlfriend lived in this area and she joneses for BWW more than I do so this was the one nearby.  It is busier than the one I go to so for that atmosphere it is good for a good time but the food and service was horrible.  

The wings were cold when they came out and I order cajun style buffalo chips which came out with no seasoning and it took me to ask the waitress 2 times for her to bring it.  Then she brought a pinch more than a pinch of seasoning.  We were there for over an hour and it was like trying to pull teeth to get another beer.  The waitress was chatting up a table 2 down from us but didn't seem to care that she had other tables.  I wish I remembered her name.  The table next to us was chatting with us on how horrible she was.  This is the first time in years that I remember wanting to not leave a tip at all.  My girlfriend made sure we didn't and left her a note as well.  

I mean two beers in over an hour at a bar I could get more than that at church and probably better food.
For the food they have to get 5 stars because I do love the wings.

For the gambling they get 1 star.  They have terrible comps.  You have to be playing max coins to get a free beer.  I guess that explains why whenever I go there no one is gambling.    

Too much corporate culture there.  Will go somewhere else.
just got to try this out while my brothers and i were looking for a place close by our rental home to watch game 3 of the nba finals.

we only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table (original estimate was 30min- 1 hour because of the stanley cup and nba finals) and our waitress rosalie was very kind in changing some of the televisions in our area to the game. from where we were sitting a giant wall was blocking the projection screen and my 5'0 stature is a bit short of several inches to even attempt to look over. 

we ordered only 36 wings for the 3 of us because we still had dinner with the rest of the family to go to. the 4 flavors consisted of parmesan garlic, asian zing, spicy garlic, and mango habanero. i dont really have a stomach for alot of really spicy foods and didn't try the mango habanero however my brothers were disappointed that the spicy garic had more kick than it. according to them the mango habanero had some kick but was more sweet than anything. the parmesan garlic kept reminding us of garlic bread but overall the asian zing with its sweet sort of teriyaki flavoring with a hint of zing was my favorite of the four. 

it was my first time there at a buffalo wild wings and i know they have some in southern california so maybe if i ever stop by again i'll try another round of their many flavors but for now its asian zing all the way
Wings and booze, need I say more? 

Oh and it's a great place to watch sports to but your butt may get sore from sitting in their flat wooden booths after awhile. Maybe drink more?
This Buffalo's has a very neighborhood feel to it, however, it lacks the size and service qualities that have served me well at various Buffalo's in town.  The wings are always decent and the drinks are usually well put together.  This location is hit or miss depending on the time of day and the amount of people inside.
I love BWW. (see review under the galleria mall ring circle location) however upon going to this location the service was just weird. We had just gotten our appetizer, minutes later got our wings. Literally minutes later about 3 min. - she came by and asked us how everything was (typical, ok..) and then gives us the check.??? wtf??? are you serious? I havent even tried the wing yet, im still eating the appetizer you know we ordered.  And you're already asking me for the plastic?? 
Kinda pissed me off. Then we rationalized she must be leaving. Nope.  I'd never go back to this location. But they get 4 stars for good food.
I do enjoy their .45 cent wing Tuesdays and their easy convenient to-go area, but otherwise his place is pretty low on the chicken wing food chain! 

*Chicken wings taste as they've been fried ahead of time and sitting around in a warming drawer. Explains why they are chewy, tough, and dry. 
*Wings are TINY. Somehow they find the tiniest chickens on earth.

I do love their new dry rubs - in particular the salt & vinegar. Despite this, I prefer sticking to Mom and Pop type places with bigger wings at a lower price. Hard to justify giving your money to a chain with so many better options in this city!
Good food! Good service! I had a burger and a salad and my husband had the two hottest sauces put on his wings and loved it! Four stars as opposed to five only because we were there at an off time and the place was not busy or crowded but our food took forever to come out. However, once it came it was worth the wait! Husband liked the TVs all over the place.  Don't go here with spouse/significant other if you are hoping to have conversation (ha-ha). We will be going back again!
Great array of sauces for wing lovers, like myself...  The service was good but the food was better!  The type of wings ordered were Caribbean jerk, honey BBQ, spicy garlic, and Asian zing.  My favorites were Spicy Garlic and Caribbean jerk.  The mini corn-dogs are a hit with children, as my daughter ate the whole order by herself!  I ordered a Malibu Bay Breeze, which I had to explain to the server that it was a cocktail and the drink itself could use some more Malibu.  

Overall, great place to have your beer, wings and big screens to watch sports!  :)
Went here for drinks on a Saturday night and the place was not extremely busy but for some reason it was like pulling teeth to have my beer filled.  Maybe the bartenders were having an off night but after 5 minutes of the bartenders walking by i had to flag them down for a cocktail.  

We ordered 12 of the boneless wings that came out extremely quickly...maybe 2 quickly.  The chicken totaly dry, the sauce didn't even seem present.  Perhaps said chicken had been from a previous order or cooked before ordered. 

If you're just looking for a place to watch a game and do not care about service, food, and drinks this would be a great choice as they did have many games on.
My cousins, their friend, and I went here for a late dinner around 9pm on New Years Eve. We were expecting it to be crowded, but it was empty, which was good for us because we were hungry and didn't want to have to wait too long for our food to come out (as I'd experienced other times when the restaurant was busy).  Anyways, we ordered Mini Corn Dogs, 8 Boneless Wings with Asian Zing sauce, and 24 Traditional Wings with half covered in Medium sauce and the other half covered in Asian Zing sauce. Here is a breakdown of the food we ordered:

Mini Corn Dogs- Yummy. The cornbread coating was crunchy yet soft on the inside while the hotdog was hot. The accompanying spicy mustard sauce was good too. My cousin noticed that the recipe changed, saying that the new recipe was better as the cornbread coating was less doughy than before. 

Boneless Wings- More meat than Traditional Wings, but a little more expensive. I enjoyed the crispy coating and the moist white meat inside, but I did find the coating a little too salty.  

Traditional Wings- Mini drumsticks and wings deep-fried to perfection. I found some of the wings to be too fatty, but at least the meat wasn't dried out or tough. I also preferred the drumsticks to the wings because there was more meat to eat. I am in love with the Asian Zing sauce. It's the perfect blend of spicy and sweet, and matches so well with the fried wings. The Medium sauce was too salty in my opinion. 

Celery- Yay for negative calories! I wish some of the celery pieces had been cleaned more thoroughly to remove the hard-to-remove dirt spots. Also, some of the pieces of celery didn't seem fresh as they weren't as crunchy as I like my celery to be. 

Overall, we had an enjoyable time at this Buffalo Wild Wings eating, talking, and watching sports on the big screen TVs. Usually it's too loud to have a decent conversation at Buffalo Wild Wings, but this night proved different.
I only come to BBW for Tuesday's because... It's wing Tuesday's, who can pass on the super cheap chicken wings?! 

They have about 15 different sauces and my favorite is honey BBQ. My sister and I, who LOVE spicy/hot food, tried the blazin' flavor (the hottest) and we both agreed it wasn't as hot as expected. But it still numbed my tongue to the point where I couldn't taste the other flavors lol. 

FYI, their wings are very small with not too much meat on them.. I usually order about 12 wings. Oh, you HAVE to get Fried garlic mushrooms!! Mmmm I would come here for the mushrooms over chicken ha! 

Everytime I come here, service seems to be a bit slow and servers are not very attentive. Alot of people like to watch the games here since it is a sportsbar... GO LAKERS!!!
If you've been to one Buffalo Wild WIngs you've been to them all, and this one was no different.  I tried to Queso Burger this time (I usually stick to wraps or their wings) and it was the messiest burger I have tried, good though.

This is a great place to catch your favorite team play.  Prices are average, Tuesdays and Thursdays are the best days to go.  Tuesdays are 50 Cent Wings I believe and Thursdays are 50 Cent Boneless Wings.  50 Cents or half off, either way its a cheap place for wings on the two lovely days of the week.

Wing Stop is still my favorite to go grab wings however (Lemon Pepper are the shiz-nit!).  

We went about 6ish and parking was pretty hard to find.
DO NOT GO HERE!!!!
Warning!
It is dirty loud and the management do not have a clue how to run the place with providing great service. 

My husband and I went here to watch a nhl playoff game recently. We usually head to our watering hole Steiner's though decided to switch it up! 
Totally bad mistake. We sat in the bar and after about a 20 minute wait for our order of drinks we asked if they can change a tv to show our game . That took another 20 minutes. Then the unthinkable happened. We noticed a staff member getting off duty (still in uniform) getting a seat at the bar. She sat and chatted with a couple servers while we waited for our drinks and the game. then it happened! after chatting with a couple servers, one  of them went over to the tv programming area and turned up the NBA game so loud the whole bar was looking around . they left the volume at such a high volume everyone in the bar just spoke louder. It was sooo loud! 
We asked the supervisor to please turn it down and she said the manager requested it be this loud. then we asked if they could make an exception since there was 4 or more games on the big screens going on and who wants to hear this blaring volume! she shrugs and walks away. Then we decided to leave. We can celled our wing order and left. Then my husband asked to speak to the manager . Angie (the worst manager I have ever met) comes over and we explain (more like yell!) and express that there should be more staff in behind the bar and also to respect every ones ears and preferences of games they are watching in the bar.  - not just the manager who is off duty and sitting in a uniform in the bar! how unprofessional. she shrugs and says in a snarky voice " well, I am sending backup staff!" turns her back and walks over to the off uniformed duty staff that's watching the game in the bar rolling her eyes.  
we are about the leave the restaurant and I grab the GM (Maggie's) business card. We ask the hostess to speak to her. She comes over, friendly and timid and apologizes for the lack of professionalism and horrible service. She then tells us she has only been on the job for 2 weeks and I can see why! Poor girl has a big job in front of her and I wish her the best with that staff . We will not come back and do not recommend this place at all!
I come here all the time so this review is long overdue....

Great Food, Great Service, Great Staff!!!  The food here is always great.  The service at this location can take a little longer than one may hope but that's the choice you make when going to a sports bar during a major sporting event. (of course the food will take longer when the restaurant is full of fans)

We sat at the bar and ordered our food.  I asked the bartender if she could change one of the screens to the hockey game.  She was very attentive and did it almost immediately.  She also continued to check on us to make sure we were happy with everything. 

Will continue to be a frequent patron at this location.

BTW: Captain Morgan sauce is back!!!  It says for a limited time only so I hope to get my fix before its gone!
BW3 (as it used to be called) is a solid sports bar that I try to frequent maybe once a month or so.  It doesn't get five stars due to the fact that sometimes the bathrooms are a bit dirty and the prices are only average, not really a steal.

One thing that I don't see mentioned in these reviews is their stance on smoking.  I only go to this one location but I hope ALL BW3 locations in the Vegas area are like this one on Eastern.  There is NO SMOKING!!!

Correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't an indoor non-smoking ordinance pass for Clark County??  Why then do I have to breath in dirty smoker's 2nd-hand smoke when visiting some of BW3's competitors......most notably PT's!?!?

Kudos to Buffalo Wild Wings for enforcing the non-smoking rules, unlike those spineless idiot managers at PT's!!!  I'm slowly turning my friend's toward Buffalo Wild Wings even though they've been fans of PT's for years.  The bottom line is that as long BW3's does the right thing and keeps the place completely non-smoking, they have a customer in me!

Also, I think for the summer, they have an all-you-can-eat lunch wing special that I would recommend trying out.  My friend and I did the boneless unlimited special last week and I was able to eat 24 boneless wings for what essentially was the price of approximately 14!!  After your initial order of 12, they bring them out 6 at a time so you can get everything fresh, try multiple flavors and don't accidentally over-order!  It worked out awesome and my drink was never empty either.

The very first BW3 location was across the street from the Ohio State University, which was a favorite college hang-out for me.  Now that I've moved to Nevada, its nice to be able to keep going back to this place and, once again, enjoy good food in a 100% smoke-free environment!
The food is always the same. Naked tenders are super small and overpriced. Takes wayyyyyyyy to long to get your beers or drinks from the bar when you sit in the dining room. But the wings are better than hooters and don't have as many creeps in there so we always go back. Would be better rating but the fact it takes 20 minutes every time to get a beer annoys me. Go to the bar for your own drinks is a simple solution
This is my favorite wings place, but the service is top notch.  We always sit at the bar and they have the best bartenders in town.  They are always friendly, remember my wife and I, remember what we like to drink and even make fun of me because I order the same thing every time.
Just walked out of this place. Wait staff flat out refused to serve me. They were too busy arguing over whose turn it was to wait on customers and I stood there for 10 minutes at the host podeum while they argued. Then they all left and ignored the customers. This is what happens when you employ 21 year old blond bimbos to run your restaurant.
Great place to watch sports. The food is good and there are always drink specials. Last time we were there, we had a really great server, Christina. There is a lot of stimulation with all the TVs but that's why you go, right?
I am here to use the WiFi connection and hopefully to get some food.  The place is PACKED!  The football games are keeping the crowd in the store pumped up.  If you are looking for a quiet place to work this is NOT it...lol.

I was seated at a table near the register so I get a lot of foot traffic of servers.  It will be interesting to see if they can keep my drink refilled.  When I sat down my table was dirty.  It took a bit before my server was able to come back to me.  When she did I pointed out the dirty table.  She apologized and cleaned it.  

I started off with an order of a side salad without the onion and tomato with dressing on the side.  My order came out quickly.  The salad looks ok but not overly fresh.  The lettuce in the  salad is a bit wilted.  The server was nice and said she would be back in a bit to give me time to start my salad.  

I opened my silverware.  The silverware here has changed since I was last here (a long time ago).  It is thin and very cheap.  The silverware also had water spots on them.  Not bad but not appealing either.  

I ordered Boneless Asia Zing wings.  They were good but a bit dry.  There were places on the wings that were not covered with sauce.  I later ordered mozzarella sticks.  They were ok.  I personally like them cooked darker so the cheese is nice and melted.  There was also not enough marrina sauce.  The little cup they brought out was only half full so the last two sticks of mozzarella were dry.  

My waitress on the other hand was very pleasant.  She kept my drink refilled and was attentive without being a pest.  The best kind of waitress!

This is the first time I have every had my computer out writing a review as I was eating my meal.  The staff was nice in letting me plug my computer in but be warned.  There is internet access here but there are only one or two places where you could plug in your computer and work.  If you want to work I would suggest going North on Eastern and going to Starbucks.  Lots of plugs there and free internet but you will have to fight for a table.  The students from Touro Unviersity take that place over during the school year!
The food is standard compared to other Buffalo Wild Wings. The service is attentive enough for bar food, but overall this location is dirtier than others. Maybe it was just the fact that it was on a Sunday and they got hit with the football crowd, but there was trash all over the ground. 

One friend had not eaten dinner yet, so we stopped by to get her fed and two of us just snacked while watching the end of the game. An order of soft pretzels was piping hot and soft. The cheese sauce is nothing amazing, but you can ask for any of the wing sauces for dipping. The new Thai Curry Sauce is interesting. Good for a few, but cannot see getting a large quantity of it. It will not surpass my love of Mango Habanero, Caribbean Jerk, or Spicy Garlic. 

Our server, Rose, was nice and kept our drinks full at all times. She checked up on us regularly as well.
I have been to this BWW quite a bit. It's close to the high school I went to, so friends and I were always there. Every Thursday my friend and I used to go there to eat. We would order the wings we like to eat, then order a new flavor sauce. The only sauces we haven't tried are Thai Curry, Jammin Jalapeno and Spicy Garlic. Can't go wrong with sweet BBQ or teryaki. If you want a little kick and some sweet, order Asian Zing. If you want a big kick and sweet, order Mango Habanero. I like hot food, so I tried Blazin. My lips were sure blazin all right! But they were really good. I don't like paying .50 for ranch. I've been tempted to bring my own because I use so much.

As far as service and cleanliness goes, they are always very attentive and the place is always clean. There was only 1 time when I wasn't too pleased with the service, but the waitress was new. Other than that, they have been cool. My friend usually picks songs from the jukebox and we sit there, eat and sing. Occasionally we will play the game that's on the screen or attempt to watch and understand the games on television. Game nights the place is packed. Get there early if you want a seat.
Great place to watch Sunday football, hang with family and friends and enjoy some good fattening foods.  The nachos were good as well as the wings.  I have not had anything bad here and Rachel our server two weeks in a row is an extremely hard worker and they should be very proud of her.  I have not seen anyone hussle and work as hard as this girl does on Sundays.  If you get her as your server make sure you tip her well because this young lady always makes sure you drink is full.
Wow, it was packed, I really don't see why this place is so popular!  Ohhh yea, football!
I got the sampler platter, the nachos were ok, I'm glad I didn't just get the nachos!  The onion rings taste like onion rings, the fried cheese, like the onion rings, nothing to hoop and holler about.
The spicy garlic is really spicy....and I like spicy, almost too spicy for me, I wasn't expecting that.  
It was ok, but wayyyyyy over priced for what we got!  

They won't be seeing me there anymore!
I eat here fairly often during baseball season. The happy hour is a good deal, $3 tall beers and $3 appetizers. The wings are pretty tasty, but not as great as the name makes them out to be. Plenty of TV's to watch the games on. Service is quick, I've never waited long for a refill. The chili con queso is by far the best happy hour deal they have. I would stay away from the corn dog nuggets and the onion rings aren't very filling for the price.
This one is way better than the one on Las Vegas Blvd.

We spent a great comfortable late lunch there yesterday, and played trivia.

Bring on the jammin jalapeno!
RJ is the shizzzznit!!!! Drinks are always prompt.... And delish!!! Bartender Joe is funny and entertaining!!!!  Always good service!!!
It not often drive too this side of town but every year come Match Madness tradition meet some friends we drink and watch games all day. IF UNLV is in the tournament this is THE PLACE too be! It amazes me the past two years many Rebel fans come out support not just watch but vocal too. Lots of flat screens all around the bar in different sizes so watch any game on great spot. 

The bar area not that big space so if its packed like aka Rebels game go early. The dining area is decent size area mostly table not many booths. The parking lot not problem in shopping mall so plenty too go around. 

The food always been fan of their food especially the boneless wings and variety of sauces you can choose from my favorite is the mango sauce. Selection of draft beers is always good. It not no yard house but over 20 or more beers too choose from on tap. Something there you can enjoy.
Great bartender and attentive service..... but really?! Really?! No champagne on a Sunday?! What about mimosas?
After moving away from Las Vegas to an area of California with no Buffalo Wild Wings, I was happy to drive to the Eastern location as soon as we came back to town. I ordered 6 Hot BBQ, 6 spicy garlic and  6 of the new jalapeño wings that have a touch of heat but nothing substantial. The wings are cooked perfectly (not too much fat, skin or meat, with a little crisp skin, perfect). Got to watch a couple of hockey games and share some quality time with my kids (since it's loud, it's perfect for kids). We'll be back the next time we come to town.
I had the worst experience. The service was extremely slow and my wing's did not have any of the salt & vinegar rub. When I spoke to the mgr she said the kitchen was "careless" and forgot. She offered me a box so I could shake the rub on myself. I declined. She finally asked if I wanted new wings. I was on lunch so I could not wait. She gave me a credit for the NEXT visit. I will not be going back to this location.
BWW you get wings and you're happy!! great for watching sports. i get the parm-garlic and salt vinegar traditional wings. RANCH!! love this place.
I'm a sucker for the boneless wings. Great variety of sauces (and now dry seasoning!) for wings, with and without bones. Tuesdays are 50 cent wing nights, I think. Thursdays are 60 cent boneless wing nights, for sure. The other foods are fine. I'm partial to the Southwest Chicken Wrap.

The service can be a bit slow, especially when there's a football game on. 

I would be remiss if I didn't warn you that your stomach will not be happy with you after your meal.
When I came in to eat here I was under the notion that it was 50 cent wing tuesday, seeing signs outside even telling me that as well as inside. But when I sat down they told me they had raised the price on it, so it was now more. It was annoying but it didn't stop me from eating.
I had the hot wings (As you should at a place known for wings). I am too use to hit things so these little babies had little to no effect. The wings were very small so there wasn't a lot of meat to each wing. It was extremely hard to flag down my waiter to get a refill, plus he was very rude to me.
All in all though the wings tasted good and thats all that really matters in the end.
We came to BWW last night to watch the most disappointing game in Packers history.  Trust me, that's another story and something that's too hard for me to revisit LOL.

I like this location.  It's on a busy, high traffic area, however, lots of space.  BWW does a great job separating the dining area versus the bar area.  I usually go there for the beer and games because the bar has huge projector screen TVs.  Great clarity and everywhere, so you're not missing anything!  From 5-7pm, they have a great happy hour.  Domestic draft beers in a tall (I think it's either 18 or 24 ounces) for only $3.  Great deal.  Their happy hour also includes food, but I'm never in the mood for that.  Drinks only for me!

If you're ever thinking about a convenience venue for the game, come down and check this place out.
We normally love BWW but this location always seems to have a problem getting the right amount of sauce on the wings. One time, they will have very little sauce and the next time the wings will be drenched (which is ok with me!). 

The last time we ordered take-out from this location (I really mean the last time!) we got home and noticed they forgot to put any sauce on our 2 orders of wings. 

Even though it's closer, we are no longer frequenting this location. The Las Vegas Blvd. location is much more consistent (and quieter).
This is a review I've meant to be writing for a long time, but haven't gotten around to. I've been here three times over the past year, only when my friends come into town and want to catch the NFL games all in one spot. I hate writing negative reviews, because every business has a bad day, but I've never seen it with such consistency.

The service is just terrible. Every time, it's been full of disinterested servers. Busy days and fuller tables with a lot of needs get a pass from me, but the last time I was in, the restaurant wasn't even half full. I showed up to meet a friend, and it took literally 20 minutes to get a waitress in range that could take a drink order for me. And even then, she wasn't old enough to take beer orders, so she had to go tell someone else what I wanted. The beer took another 10 minutes to show, and the bartender had to bring it to me herself. For some reason, all of the servers hung out at the entrance to the kitchen and avoided giving any service at all.

My beer showed, and then I had to wait another 20 minutes to put in an order for some wings, and had finished my drink, sitting and waiting for a refill. This was again from a different server.

Then the game with the audio on ended, and switched to infomercials while two other games were sitting in overtime. We listened to the audio for some new orthopedic shoe while the games played out, and had a laugh about seeing how long it would take until someone noticed. They didn't until the games were over, and the TV was switched over to NBC's coverage.

We got our bill from a completely different server again, and I don't know if anyone was ever actually assigned to the table. Or the entire section. We seriously couldn't tell.

I'm giving it an extra star because the food was pretty standard for a Buffalo Wild Wings, and I don't have any complaints there. Nothing wrong with the franchise overall, I'd just skip this particular location if you can find somewhere else.
It was game day..Niners vs. Green Bay, and the time was 4:15pm.  My fiance woke me up so we can get to BWW for the 5:30pm game.  I was sooooo sleepy but when we arrived at BWW, I was so glad he woke me up to get there early.  The place was already crowded for the Broncos/Ravens game.  We waited for 15 mins before we got tables to seat 7.  After we were seated, I realized how we got there just in the nick of time because there were tons of groups after us.

The server was very attentive and friendly.  She made sure our drinks were always half full.  At a time like this, half full is good enough for me.  She came by many times to ensure we ordered everything we need.  My favorite are the lemon pepper bone-in wings.  Fiance and I shared 18 wings.  I was stuffed after 6.

Will we come back...Heck Yeah! Awesome place to hang out for drinks, wings, and the accompaniment of other fans.
Love this place!  Great Bloody Mary's, Wings, and watching football.
Buffalo Wild Wings beats the heck out of "Other wing restaurants" any day of the week. Their wings are insanely good. They have about a dozen different sauces ranging from mild to "Blazin". 

I love their craft beer selection. That's actually my downfall there, I could try a different beer every visit. Carbo-load!

They show UFC with NO cover-- bonus points. 

Last night, we decided to "try something new". We usually go for their mango habanero and hot wings. We went with their "Asian Zing" and "Carribean Jerk". The Asian wings were delicious. We asked for them well done, They came out in 18 minutes--a little long for a wing ticket time-- I've been in the restaurant business for years. Wings should only take 8 minutes, or 10 for well done. The Carribean Jerk, on the other hand were yucky. They tasted like clove and cinnamon. I'm not used to carribean flavors, so I'm not sure if that's an acceptable flavor but to me-- never again. Cinnamon belongs in dessert, not dinner. 


We also ordered their triple play nachos, three different types of nachos in one huge heaping pile of fattening delicious-ness. 

Prices: They have a killer happy hour. Beer is either $3. $4. or $5. and all of their apps are half off.
This is my favorite little place to come down over to after a long night of work. Great specials to be found ( 60cent boneless wings on thursdays and 60 cent bone in or boneless on Tuesdays) usally a very rowdy crowd but its always fun. Best of all its a 24 hour location.
B Dubbs never lets you down, I love the Mango Habanero wings, always my go to flavor and will usually try another but have not found another that I liked nearly as much.
I love B Dubs!  ThIs location has some of the friendly staff I have seen. The managers know me because I am in there so much so I guess it is time to bust out the disguise. :). I took one star off because the last few times I ordered my wings, they have not been consistent with size or taste. I get the boneless because sometimes I am lazy and don't want to take the work to eat the chicken off the bone. The boneless pieces range from golf ball size to the size of a nickel and no, I am not kidding. We always order from here and my order is always spot on, all the way down to the ranch and silverware. It gets packed on big game days so plan accordingly!
I always manage to spend more money here than I anticipate.  I usually try to hit them up on Tuesdays or Thursdays to get their special pricing on bone-in & boneless wings.  I simply order too much food every time.  With all the different options for sauces/dry rubs, it's hard to stick to only a few.

I routinely order the sweet BBQ, parmesan garlic, chipotle, asian zing, desert heat, carribean jerk, thai curry & lemon pepper.  Add a couple rounds of beer, bleu cheese, celery, plus tip & you are looking at an $80+ tab easy.  Damn!  So much for a cheap meal of chicken wings.  This place use to be better years ago.  Maybe I'm just burnt out on it or I over do it?  I use to consider them 4 star, but through the years they have managed to lose one.  

FYI...the blazin' sauce is inedible.  Only order it if you have company/relatives you don't like joining  you.  It will be an experience they will not forget.  =)
Zero. 15 people in dinning room. Took half an hour for appetizers. Still waiting on the main course. N took 10 min to get a beer. Shouldn't half to wait an hour to get a burger. Never again.
Brian our server was INCREDIBLE!!!!  Thanks for a wonderful meal!
You know I use to go here all the time, its been a couple years and now that I've  moved back to vegas and started going here again I don't think there that great.. they don't put as much sauce as they used too and quality isn't worth the price. I would say overall "OK", but u might as well just go to applebees this is nothing special.
This BWW always manages to screw up the order if you call it in to pick it up. Why Bdubs doesn't let you order online like their competition, I'll never know but it gets really old having to wait everytime you go in for them to fix the mistake and deal with poor customer service.
Not sure what they put in the wings here, but every so often I am overwhelmed with a craving to go in and scarf wings like there is no tomorrow.  Is it crack?  Is it something worse?  I don't know (I don't care) I love it!
Only negative is the new way they are doling out wings.  You used to be able to order 12 or 18 or 50 etc, and now it's by weight and it just didn't seem as hearty as before. Excellent appetizers (fries with salt/vinegar powder and pretzels with cheese sauce).
Great service from Veronica and as usual a really loud, fun environment.
Tonight we ordered two very simple meals.  A Chicken Wrap and a Burger.  We asked for Deep Fried Mushrooms to be added to the burger.  The Server checked with the Manager and they decided it could be done.  We waited 45 minutes for our food to come to the table.  During that time our Server never stopped by the table for refills or updates.  (It wasn't busy either)  Also, the building was FREEZING cold.  So, we were cold and hungry, not fun.  When our food arrived the burger was made wrong.  Our Server noticed it was wrong and went to get it fixed.  He came back and said that the Manager said there wasn't anything she could do since it was a special order anyway.  We politely explained that we were disappointed with the wait time and the fact that we didn't even get what we ordered.  We sent the food back and decided to leave.  The Server again spoke with the Manager about our decision to leave.  She shrugged her shoulders and walked away.  Very unprofessional!  We weren't angry or mean.  We were just disappointed.  We won't be going back.
Better than average BDubs here.  Service is good and beer is nice and cold.
The food was only okay. I had appetizers: boneless wings and slammers etc. The meat on the slammers were flavorless. The options on sauces were a plus. The service was not great. Our waitress was not attentive and took long to check us out. I never complain to managers about waiters but I actually contemplated this one. The service alone was not enough to make me return.
They have Ms Pac-Man!
We came here recently to watch the 49ers lose to the Saints--aargh!  It was a good game until the end.  I think.  I'm not really a football fan, but the b/f is, so when in Rome.  I'm learning a lot, though.  Like, people love them some football and if you're going to watch a game, BWW is the place to go.
Customers and employees are decked out in football jerseys or their favorite team's t-shirts.  Even I was sporting a 49er shirt and I only have half a clue what's going on on the field.  
The place was packed!  There were dozens of flatscreens playing every football game in the U.S., or so it seemed. We were seated next to Saints' fans and one lady kept giving us the evil eye--is there going to be a rumble?  I'm sure she was happy her team won.  Me?  I played a game of Galaga and Ms PacMan, 50 cents a game.

FOOD:  I shared the soft pretzels and  a small order of the boneless parmesan garlic wings with the b/f, with a side mac & cheese.  The pretzels were good and so were the wings, but the mac & cheese was runny. 

We were there for more than two hours and our server was attentive the whole time, checking up on us throughout the game.  The best part of this place is that it's not smoky, so that's enough to bring us back for more wings and video games.  Oh, and football.
Five stars for sports and beer . 2 stars for service . We felt like we were bugging our waitress everything we ask for napkins or celery wasn't bought out or our food was wrong just wasn't a good vibe.
This place sucks for takeout.  This is the second time I have gotten to the restaurant and waited 30 min after calling the order in.  Never again.
My local Bdubs. Great service and excellent food. Never had a problem at this location and always got great service. Coming from Ohio where BW3'S was started, this place is my favorite restaurant/bar!
I absolutely love this place!!! For years I always order the buffalo chicken wrap. I have been going here for years with my boyfriend and by far one of my favorite places to go to! I would defiantly recommend going here!!!
I came here because I love the buffalo wild wings back at home. I didn't have high expectations since I came in and the place was pretty much empty. But we got greated by the most uplifting server I have ever met!!! This girl was on top of it, had so much spunk and made me and my husband peeing in our pants! (Martika) the best thing that's happened to us in Vegas so far. The food was amazing like always but with a kick of awesome service. I feel Vegas service should have a little bit of martika in their step, people come here for entertainment and that's what we got even far from the strip! Food can be dull or delicious but service is key in my book. I will be back! 

Food: wings were decent size (can't beat traditional wing Tuesday) but its all in the flavor 

Service: if its slow don't doubt. Hopefully Martika serves you!

Cleanliness: tables were clean, floor had no trash, bathrooms were cleaned and stocked. 

A+++ I love Vegas Buffalo Wild Wings!
As is the norm with the Buffalo Wild Wings chain, the food was great. That said, the customer service at this particular location was absolutely ATROCIOUS,  and the reasoning behind this poor review. We arrived two hours early for a fight night event, and were informed that if we sat in the main dining hall there was a possibility of having strangers seated at the table with us because they were seating to capacity. We were given the option of sitting at the bar, and told that at the bar it would be first come first serve, and we wouldn't have to worry about sitting with anyone who was not in our party. We opted to do that instead. We were there early, very few people in the bar, so we asked our server if it would be possible to push two tables together to accommodate the amount of food we plan to buy and the two extra people that would be meeting us there. We were told that that would be fine, and the server actually helped to push the tables together for us. We changed out our hard wooden chairs for more comfortable chairs, again with the permission of the person operating the bar, ordered the first of our food, & Sat comfortably for the first hour and a half that we were there. After that change of shift occurred, and all of a sudden we couldn't have the chairs that we were using because they were saved for those who were gambling at the bar, and the two tables that currently held all of our food where suddenly not supposed to be together and we were forced to separate them. We asked to speak with a manager, who apologized for the inconvenience, acknowledged that her team should have been on the same page, and offered a meeting at another table that was larger and would accommodate our party, but  gave us a poor view of the monitor that we sat there for in the first place. I have never been to a place where the management's had so little control of their employees, and we're still unwilling to accommodate us in light of their poor communication with the team. On top of everything else, we got our food and were never brought silverware. Thank god for finger foods. We will NEVER be dining at this restaurant again. Very poor service.
Me and a select group of friends come here every single Tuesday for "Traditional Tuesday" where they have 60 cent wings. (We call it Wang Tuesday.) I feel it's the best day of the week. The atmosphere with all the sports on, which is always my favorite sports, and the friendly demeanor of the waiters/waitresses is very impressive! They always remember my group, and how we prefer a booth over a table, and our beverage orders. Heather specifically is very kind and funny, but that seems to be the personality of everyone there. 
I always get the Huckleberry lemonade, and I actually don't know what it's supposed to taste like, because it always tastes different to me, but it's still a sweet yummy beverage nonetheless. 
As for the wings, I usually get either salt and vinegar or lemon pepper, which go fantastically together, but when I try other wings (mild, Caribbean jerk, etc.) I've never tasted one that was less than great. They have so many different flavors it's hard to pick! 
All in all, no matter what kind of week I'm having, I can count on the welcoming crew at bdubs to make it a little better.
Love coming for happy hour,  angry orchard on draft + so many more! Salt and vinegar fries are my favorite, although they are always stingy with the queso dip.... sometimes too runny, other times not enough chili always disappointed with that.....everything else is good!  Bartender and servers are always friendly
Came here to watch the Heat vs. Spurs game. Good thing it wasn't to packed. The service is good everyone was friendly. It's been a while since we last been here since I prefer Wing Stop but I figured I'll give it a try again. 

Ordered 30 wings and honestly the change in their menu with the pricing and what not is kinda disappointing considering the fact that their quality isn't that great. It's about $1 per wing and about 10 out of the 30 wings we ordered where broken, small, and just not what we expected. 

The amount of business they get for everyone who comes by to grab a beer and watch a game is already extra money they need to invest more on the menu items especially now that they charge more. Good thing I prefer Wing Stop cause I probably won't be back here for a while...
After reading a few yelp reviews I hesitated in going to this location, but still gave it a chance because it's the closest yo my home...I have to say the service was GREAT! Jade was our server (we sat in the bar area), she was quick, friendly, approachable and attentive.  

So I wanted to drop in and write a review to offset some of the "bad service" reviews placed on here.  The food hasn't changed..chicken gud ....and it's even better when it's wing Tuesday (can't beat that price!) So with that, I gave the place 4 stars!   I'm very stingy with my 5s :).
I came by this location right before closing time to order a bunch of fried chicken for my friends.  They were out of a lot of stuff, but the guy was nice enough to throw in what he could.  Chicken was delicious, though.  Worth the drive over the KFC that was around the corner.
Pretty good. I've tasted better, but those little corn side things are yummy. I wish they'd get some gizzards... or at least some buzzards.
I will tell you why they only got 3 stars....

here it goes the food was good...the chicken was great...but they didnt have fries or corn on the cob...it was like they were out of a lot of stuff...I was like maybe I shouldnt come here at night but damn it was dinner time...

how can you be out of french fries...they are so easy to make...come on!!!  Then he wants to give me some peppers to make up for it...come on buddy...a $0.40 peppers is to make up for your inconvience...umm no! what an insult....

Will I ever be back...yes..because of the chicken...but one more visit like this and I am done.

I think I am coming back only b/c the chicken was really good...
or maybe because I am black and I am predisposed to loving Fried Chicken...I donno lol
This place is horribly good...Went here a few weeks ago, got the spicy, came home and had a few bloody marys with this greasy chicken.  I hardly ever eat fried chicken but this place most likely will change my mind.  i can appreciate other reviews about this place but i think that if a place is running out of stuff, i would think that its because it's so good, right? Workers there worked hard and were super nice.
I was really excited to go here since I've craved it for so long and because the last time I tried to go here ended up being a super fail attempt..

So why the two stars?

Service was WHACK. I know I'm not coming here to get fine dining service but damn, can a girl get some hot sauce and ketchup? My boyfriend and I came here and got 10pc bucket, some biscuits, and a side of coleslaw. When we had questions while ordering (prices, etc.), all the guy who took our order would do was point to the menu and shake his head. I swear, I did not hear his voice at all until he announced the total price. 

Although we got the order pretty quickly, NOT ONLY did they not ask us if we wanted the chicken original or spicy, they also didn't ask if we wanted condiments, napkins, or even a fork for the coleslaw! They might as well should've left out the top and straw for my drink too! It took us at least 15 minutes to get it. I think these problems could have easily been avoided if there were a station set up already with that stuff, but then again the place is also pretty small.

If those biscuits weren't ON POINT, I would've given this place 1 star. It made me so sad :(
It is what it is people. Crap food. I spent $1.99 on a 2pc Tuesday special. Comes with mash and a bisquit. Everything is mediocre but then again I didn't come here for the outstanding quality of food. The guy at the counter hates me cause I asked for ketchup and a fork and I payed for my food with change. I hate him too. All in all cheap and crappy!
We have tried a couple of other locations and always come back to this one. The manager is a really nice person.+1.
If you like fried chicken give this location a try. It is way above the others.
The only downside is that some of the staff don't understand my English accent at all.
GOOOOOD chicken here!!! Crispy, juicy, tasty and ALWAYS HOT !!! Unlike popeyes and KFC. 

THE BEST FRIED CHICKEN YOU CAN GET IN THE WEST COAST!!!
God freakin awful!!
There were four tables and three of them were filthy, thats never a good sign.  The staff was friendly but the chicken tenders were fried too light, the chicken was salty, and the rest of the sides left a lot to be desired.  I now understand why the ones in my hometown all closed.
Yum! Definition of comfort food.

Ok so I am not a big fan of fast food, and though I looove chicken fingers I am kinda picky about em (no thanks KFC). But Church's is one of those exceptions.Their chicken fingers are awesome because they come in spicy and traditional yay! They are long and covered with yummy crispy batter. On top of that, they have of my all time favorite foods: cheese bombers. Deep fried cheese and jalapeno filled fritters mmm.  Yeah so if your on a diet jus stay far away.

Unfortunately for whatever, reason all the Church's in town (with the exception of rainbow/robindale location) are all extremely run down looking. I don't know why but it seems like the owners do not spend any money on upkeep. Oh well, just pretend it adds to the novelty of the experience.
This is the last stop for the MN crew!! CHURCH'S CHICKEN BAAAAABY! I'm like YOU GOTTA TRY THE SPICY CHICKEN! 
They are closed so we hit the drive thru. 

Anyway, I know this chicken is damn good. It's juicy and spicy and they have good corn and mashed potatoes with gravy. NOM. GET IT!
I love Church's Chicken the food is amazing far better than Popeyes and KFC definitely my favorite chicken place.
Church's chicken is my favorite place to go when I am craving chicken this particular location is good the service is great and the customer service is always top notch in my honest opinion church's chicken is way better then KFC and on top of that you get a better deal with Churchs then you do with KFC and there mash potatoes are way better then KFC along with the biscuits love it I plan on going back to Churchs again when I start craving chicken again lol.
I walked in last week and asked to place four orders of 20 piece mixed, one 10 piece dinner and one order for me to eat while there. Oh and 8 orders of the 5 jalapenos for $1.something.

The cashier walked to the back after explaining to me, he had to talk to his manager. She came up front with a pleasant demeanor and explained as long as I didn't mind waiting 30 minutes, that they would be able to complete my order.

My order was cooked fresh and they pushed it out fast. All the while, they servicied other customers and had their orders ready in a timely manner.

They were polite and courteous and very helpful. They did suggest that if I have a big order for the future that I can call it in ahead of time. But none the less, they serviced my needs and provided great excellent service.

The chicken was hot and fresh and everyone at my job was a happy camper. And as I happily munched away on fried okra while waiting for my chicken, I was a happy camper myself.
Haven't been to this location in awhile but they use to have the most amazing people working here.  When I say "amazing" I mean people who are not afraid to tell you to off if you complain about the wait...they knew that they were the only Popeys in town...hehe.  Now that we have numerous locations Im not sure their as abrasive.

Always great fried chicken!!
i have been there three times and never again. first two times the wait for spicy strips was more than five minutes. last  i got a food borne illness from the strips. i know it was the strips because i only eat once a day and that was it.
This Popeyes USED to be one of my favorite places to grab a quick bite.  The chicken was dry.  I ordered red beans and rice and got mashed potatoes.  My iced tea tasted old and oh, they didn't even bother to give me a spoon for the potatoes.  The girl at the drive thru window was rude and practically tossed the bag to me.  Never again.  There are newer Popeyes in better areas that still serve the chicken, biscuits and red beans and rice I love!
BAAAAAAAD customer service EVERY time I end up @ this joint!  It's not my fault that you hate your job or your life or both, so I don't need all of your stank attitude projected on me!  All a sista wanted was a 3 piece! don't mean the good Michael Jackson type of bad, I'm talkin' 'bout the what's that funky smell bad!  The red beans & rice are a joke now, and only the skin is seasoned.  I recommend Harold's over Popeye's ANY day.
My favorite place to get cajun fries. The bestest!
Only come here on Tuesdays! Two pieces (leg and thigh) for just 99 cents! Service is VERY slow even if they are not busy! If they are busy, then you better bring a book along with you or a full battery on your phone to pass the time! 

IF they dont mess up your order then it usually is worth the wait. But you would think the wait would be quick since you can see all of the chicken that is cooked right in front of you! 

So in conclusion, Church's Chicken (kitty corner to these guys) is slightly better servicewise. Don't get me wrong. I like both these chicken places but sometimes, good service goes a long way.
While I generally enjoy a good pice of southern fried chicken from Popeye's, on this particular visit I was a little disturbed.  At the drive thru sat a middle aged gentleman who called himself "Diamond."  Diamond demanded that I roll down my window so that he could tell me about his venture into the recording arts.  He then wanted to put a CD into my stereo to listen to while I ordered my food.

I declined, then he proceeded to MF me about not supporting artists and being a cheap ass because I didn't want to give him $5 for a CD that I have never heard.  I don't even particularly enjoy rap music.  

According to "Diamond" he has the permission of the manager to sell his wares.  If this is in fact true, I will not be going back.

FYI; The chicken was the bomb!
Absolutely pathetic service! 

WTH is wrong with this chain? They all suck so bad  and continually set the low standard for fast food  service and consistency.
There aren't too many popeyes around town.  I always love finding one on tuesdays to take advantage of their 2 piece tuesdays.  Luckily, there is one near my work place and I tend to sneak off to go get a box for me and my coworkers.  

This location is an actual popeyes unlike the others that are shared with a Terrible's gas station.  Place does get pretty busy during lunch.  

The service is fair, ordering is a bit difficult because they will not give you a few separate boxes for a few pieces.  A little difficult since I'm buying for a few people.  They do provide me with paper plates so I guess it works out.  

Environment is themed to Louisana and there are plenty of tables to sit after ordering.  Parking is a plenty and it is shared with Chevron.  

I def will come back but maybe will come before the lunch rush.
Do not visit this premises on tuesdays lol. Crowded.
This is the closest Popeye's I know of to me.  If I happen to be in the area I HAVE to stop in for the red beans and rice! If I knew how to make them like they do I would! I absolutely love them and as long as the biscuits are fresh and moist they go great with the beans and rice too.  The chicken is good as well but my favorite is the rice and beans!
Absolutely the worst Popeyes franchise I've ever been to. Multi-leveled incompetence all across the board from the manager to the fry cooks. Several visits to this establishment (shame on me), have shown that they either don't care about filling the order correctly or they are too incompetent to do so.  Ask for mild they give you spicy, ask for spicy chicken they give you a wrap. Not to mention the one time I used my credit card instead of cash(which I rarely do), and my card number is compromised. I'm over this place and I've expressed my concern to their corporate office. Franchise stores like this one will tarnish the image of the company.
I wouldn't usually write a review on a fast food restaurant, but I felt congratulations were in order. I can honestly say that my experience with Popeye's in Vegas has not been the greatest. I vudited this location about a year ago and I was not very please. I usually go to the Popeyes at nellis afb and an never dissapointed there. They happened to be closed so we ended up at this location (Rancho/bonanza). Newly remodeled, it's clean, the staff is quick, nice and attentive. The chicken was good and we were not disappointed. Give this location a try.
Great customer service.. Trying new Pan pizza
After a long and hard search and eating MANY LOUSY pizza's... FINALLY SUCCESS! Which is odd for us because where we moved to Las Vegas from Domino's had low scale pizza... I was kind of leery about ordering delivery pizza again after MANY FAILED pizza's from other places... But it was HOT!! FRESH!!! VERY YUMMY!! The driver was Very Friendly and even gave us great tips of what else to do here in Vegas besides the strip! I will DEFINITELY order from here again!  We were SO pleased to finally  cure the pizza cravings!! THANK YOU!!!
I really have not been a fan of Dominos but I really like the recent changes they  have made. The crust is way better than before, the sauce is more robust and the cheese is fantastic. I personally enjoy the Handmade Pan pizza with BBQ sauce, chicken, pineapple and mushrooms. The price is comparable to lower end quality pizza joints and Dominos blows all them out of the water. Its hot, fresh, and delivered on time.
Kinda is hard to write this cuz I was always a fan of dominos, they've made some good changes to the pizza and I enjoyed them.  However..tonight is not about the pizza. My kids and there friends didn't want pizza after football practice(they are 14) so they decided on subs/sandwhiches.  I ordered 3 hot subs and an order of pasta.  I was soooo disappointed when I got my order and saw the size of the subs and pasta portion.  So very small, they boys were like...ok, wheres the rest of it.  Seriously, didn't even fill them up.  Ended up having to go to subway for 5 dollar footlongs to fill them up. on the plus side, they said the dominos subs tasted good, just need to be bigger. all in all it was a waste of 30 some odd dollars, well more cuz I had to fork out 15 and some change at subway.  Doubt we will be ordering here again.
I ordered from the website for this location.  Luckily enough it also gives you a tracker to tell you where your pizza is in the process.  Unfortunately for them it showed me that the pizza was out of the oven and sitting in the store for about 30 minutes before it even left with the delivery driver.  I don't mind waiting for pizza, but I do not expect it to be 40 minutes old by the time it gets to me.  On top of that I complained and was told that they would give 2 LG free on my next order and the credit was on my account (ph#) wouldn't you know.... I call and nothing was there no credit, no nothing.  Lucky for me that there lots of other choices for good pizza in the area.
Very good pizza & a very clean/professional resteraunt
Try the Habanero Wings. They are great! Quick service. Great computer system to follow order.
Very poor Service... Has a 42 minute wait when they had said that it was gonna be a 20 minute wait.... Never again I will order from Dominos at all.
My favorite Dominos location! I've ordered several times, both delivery and carryout, and I've been pleased with every order.

I've carried out at different locations such as the one on Simmons and Lake Mead in North Las Vegas (don't go there.. they make their food so sloppily) and no one is as good as them.

My favorites there are the mango habanero wings, chicken alfredo bread bowl, lava cakes, (OMG yummmmmmy) and their hand tossed pizza with chicken and bacon. 

I seriously eat there every week. I'm going to blow up, but I'll blow up satisfied haha!
It's a KFC. It does whatever any other KFC can do. All I can say about this one is be careful going here on a Friday night because people are buying food for their families and sometimes the line gets long and it might be a 20 minute wait to get your  bucket of chicken.
I guess I can't write a stellar review of KFC since I really actually don't like KFC in general. Honestly I'm pretty sure their chicken is some mutated, deformed chicken raised to be torn apart and shoved in buckets.

However, my family loves KFC and I am subjected to it. I'm not against eating it, I just wouldn't do it without having someone else purchase it for me. Their chicken is meh, mac and cheese meh, coleslaw okay, and they really are lacking in their sides department. Is it just me or did they used to have more variety? I believe the last time I was there you could actually select a salad as a side, but apparently that is no longer an option.

The only thing I like at KFC is the mashed potatoes and gravy. Don't know why, but something about the salty balance really gets me.

This KFC is pretty well taken care of, service tends to be mediocre, but nice. It can get busy at dinner time for sure. Today we went there and my mother swore up and down she saw an advertisement for a special KFC was offering on TV and asked for that special. This particular store would not honor it, so I'm not sure what that's about.

In conclusion - no thanks KFC! I'll get my fried chicken fix elsewhere!
It was the first time I ever came to this location, and not gonna lie, it smelled like sewer! Bad day, perhaps? But oh well, it's KFC and I love me some fried chicken.
The only constant to this location is that they can only be counted on to screw up your order. The staff will forget parts of your order or not give you honey packets when you ask for them or their being a very long wait despite being the only customer there. Bottom line this location can and will screw up your order every chance they get. Go to a different location.
I love KFC but like someone mention it sinks as soon as you park I front of this location. It kinda kills your appetite. And to top it off I feel like they lack in customers service. They don't greet you when you come in to let you know they at least know you standing there waiting while they are I. The back or the drive through. The chicken is good. And they do keep the tables clear if trash. They just need to work on customer service a little harder.
I'm not a huge KFC fan, but I heard about their chicken pot pies and had to try them out for myself. We asked for three pies, but they only had two pies ready to sell, the next pies would have been ready 19 minutes later. When I got my pie, I could see why. I was expecting a tiny, microwaveable pie, but what I got was much better! This was definitely a hearty meal. The pie had lots of yummy crust on the outside and a wealth of chicken, carrots, peas, and potatoes inside. It was delicious. And I believe it was only $3.99, with a drink included! I will definitely be revisiting KFC for these pies, especially.
Restaurant was very dirty inside. The manager taking our order got it wrong 3 times. They've got 7 people working and still can't keep chicken ready to serve. Waited 7 minutes just to place our order to find out they had none and it would be another 15 minutes to cook some more. The spicy chicken strips (while had good flavor)  were extremely dry and small (more like large chicken nuggets). The green beans were cold, the large mashed potatoes were only half full and their soda tasted like the machine had not been cleaned in a few months. Very disappointing.
Order was prepared quickly and accurately and tasted fine. Could have used more dipping sauce. Fast food in Las Vegas. It is what it is.
Terrible customer service. I ordered something at the speaker.. Went to the window to pay and they had got my order wrong for a side, so my bf decided to just keep the side that was wrong and order another side that I had originally asked for at the speaker. The girl said we couldn't order the side at the window and whatever we ordered at the speaker is what we get. Ummm, what I ordered at the speaker is not the correct side you are placing inside my bag, honey!!!! Smh. I wonder how many mistakes and losses of money you guys are getting each day. Not to be rude, but when they had a diverse group of people working there.. The customer service was way better than all the Hispanic female workers in there now. I am of Hispanic background also.. Second time that I went.. The same girl was doing drive through.. Our red beans and rice was 75% full and we ordered a large size and the way she bagged everything was horrible .. My chicken was all on the bottom of the bag with the container empty on top. Horrible!!!
I just wanted a chicken wrap with ranch.

When I visited Popeye's tonight, my sister and I went through the drive-thru. While we were at the speaker, we asked about what was in their chicken wrap. We asked a few questions (if there was lettuce and ranch in it, how big the wrap was), but the ladies couldn't hear us and asked us to finish our order at the window. Eventually, we decided on 2 chicken wraps. While cashing up our order, one of the ladies started talking in Spanish to the cashier. Fortunately for me, my sister understood everything. They called us spoiled, complicated, and picky. Just for asking about the products you were trained to sell? So unprofessional and plain rude! Haha, and to finish it off, she put one packet of ranch in our to-go bag for two wraps. Very poor customer service.

About the food.. The chicken in the wraps were good. Flavorful like I hoped. The wrap itself was sooo plain. The ladies never told us they put rice and beans in the wrap when we clearly asked what was in it. Obviously ranch would be terrible in this kind of wrap.

I don't like writing these kinds of reviews. I love Popeye's, but I will definitely not be returning to this particular store.
This place has terrible customer service. I was in the drive through and wanted to add a soda to my order and they told me I couldn't get one because someone was behind me and the couldn't re-open my check?! That is so ridiculous. What kind of business is this where I can't add something to my order? They couldn't have gone to another register that was open?! I have never been to a place in my life that was not able to add something to a check. They must not want any business. They need to train their staff a lot better!!
I really love Popeyes they have excellent food. But the one on bonanza has the worst customer service especially the drive thru girl her name is Kenia. She has the worst attitude and the worst customer service. I asked for a drink holder she threw down my straws and rolled her eyes because I asked for a drink holder. I hope they find professional employees for their establishment. Because she is worst employee on the one on bonanza specially that drive thru girl.
Went there tonight with my husband, the food was prepared kind of quick. We got home and there were more crunch than meat on the tenders not only that the meat was extremely dry, the fries were chewy. The manager looked as if she had a problem with people ordering food. The whole establishment is terrible, the worst I probably will never go there
1st time trying Dominos and it was great. Service was excellent and painless. I love thin crust pizza and dominos hit the spot. I will back very soon to try the deep dish!
Yes, I know its Domino's, and I know there are better pizza places in town. However, when I want cheap, good, and fast delivery pizza, I call my neighborhood Domino's. I wasn't a huge fan of Domino's until they went through the whole ordeal where they changed their sauce, crust, ingredients etc after much public outcry (I didn't hear it, but it must have been crazy :-P ). I only really ate it in a pinch. Our typical order is thin crust with either white sauce, feta and onions, or some variety of veggies with red sauce. When we get the pizza, it always looks appetizing. I can't say this even for the more "fancier" pizza joints. Additionally, the delivery is always within 30-45 minutes, which is not the case for other places, even ones that are much closer to us. The ingredients are fresh, and the crust is usually very crispy but not hard. 
I will also say that my most favorite thing about Domino's is the Noid...wait, wrong decade, its actually the online ordering. Domino's order tracker is very cool, its accurate and sometimes I just watch it while I am waiting for my pizza.
Dominos everywhere taste pretty much the same... But this place get 4 stars because I ordered my food online and it told me 25-30 min which is avg. They were at the door in 15 min. :) very fast!!
Ok, so I've never been a fan of Domino's in the past and I can't say much has changed since they said they had redone their recipe for a "better" pizza. The crust is just too overly seasoned. That really turns me off. It tastes like they put way too much garlic powder combined with Mrs. Dash on it, ew.

The texture is ok, but it's really not doing it for me. I prefer Pizza Hut or Papa John's still if I'm going for a cheap pizza on the quick.
love their hand tossed pan pizza
Ordered delivery today for my fam bams, and was pleased with how fast the delivery was. 

Their new cheesy jalapeño breadsticks is on point!!

Price was reasonable. Food taste great. And fast deliveries. This deserves a 5 star.
We love this pizza place. In the middle of the city it always comes in a reasonable amount of time. They offer frequent coupons and specials and it's easy to use with the app for your phone. 

If you get a chance order their pasta bowls as well. They are fantastic for quick pasta and a surprising change to the usual pizza. 

The only thing I wish they had that they don't are side salads and family size salads as well for a more balanced meal as well as a option for the vegan/vegetarians.  

Dominos doesn't as usual doesn't disappoint.
I would give zero stars if I could...I ordered a pizza, an hour and a half ago. Called to see where it was...the guy who answered was pleasant and said he'd give me a credit for another time and to call when my pizza finally arrives, about 25 mins later I get my pizza (that's about 2 hours after I ordered it)...I called the store back...he said I'm glad you got your pizza, got the name of the driver (shouldn't he already know that information?) and then hung up! No apologizes, no I'll get you your credit...just hung up! I won't ever order from this place again!!!!!
They don't deliver to the luxor.

After a long night, I didn't feel like leaving the room the next day for lunch. So me and my cohort decided to order some pizza, to help save some cash over room service.

As usual the menu look great and was very cheap. So I placed the order on my phone and went back to sleep, hoping to wake up to banging on my door with pizza being shoved at me.

About 30 minutes later I get a call from the driver claiming he couldn't deliver to the Luxor and that I would have to walk down to the taxi pickup to meet him.

At this point I could have just gotten lunch at the crummy Luxor food court for the same price with less effort.

The food was good as expected, but Dominos should really update their ordering service to let you know if you can't have your pizza delivered to your room. That is kind of the whole point of delivery... you don't have to put pants on.
your driver Jonathan is a creep! that little freak decided to text our friend (who was visiting us and made the order) to complain about the tip he received. that's really rude and weird that he's using our order information in such a negative way. especially when this person knows where I live.
Not only was the food brunt but the customer service is ridiculous! Extremely rude! Make sure to triple check your order before handing the driver a tip!
My roommate and I ended up here last night when we wanted a meal that wasn't fast food at like 1am.  Beano's is one of the few local bars that serves food 24 hours.  Prices were great, with hardly a menu item over $10, but the food was pretty average.  The place wasn't really anything too memorable, but if I find myself hungry at that hour again, I would probably stop in again.  Meh.
This place is pretty nice for bar food and a draft, and they always seem to have the right games on with HDTVs.  Their portions are ample and fairly priced.  The $11 top progression payout I saw on a slot made me laugh, though.
Don't know why Beano's calls itself a casino...that's a little lofty statement.  What it is is a typical neighborhood bar with basic bar fare, slots and lotsa tv's.  What I liked:
Their fried mushrooms (a huge plate of them) are served piping hot with ranch dip. Yumm-o
Reasonable prices, plus winning 60 bucks on 4 of a kind pd for dinner & the meager amount of gambling i do.
Friendly staff.
Easy to get to.

Not so much:
Their chips & salsa.  There's just something plain wrong and unnatural about eating chips dyed red & green artificially.  It even made the decent salsa taste bad.
If you want to get more BANG for your buck during these hard times, you should come and eat here. Some tips for those of you ballin' on a budget: Don't expect to be greeted when you come in, but please bet the place will smell like smoke. Secondly, don't sit there and expect you'll have a waiter. In fact, you might just have to nudge the bartender to take your order. Make sure not to plan anything after your meal, for the service is rather slow. Now, let's talk about the food. This is their hook-line and sinker! The food is worth the wait, if you are trying to live it up, thrifty-style. If you have lowered your expectations, then this place won't break your bank and it will leave you with more money to spend elsewhere.
From the exterior, this place looks like a complete dive.  Cheesy quotes on the message board out front?  Check.  Exterior that hasn't had a facelift in some time?  Check.  Tacky flashy lights?  Check.  Thankfully, Beanos is not.

However, I'm a frequent late-night customer.  Why?  Good food at very reasonable prices, gruff bartenders that keep me laughing with dry commentary and ridiculous stories from various parts of Vegas and then some.  Nitro and Sleaze (yes, you read that right), are the regular night bartenders and don't let their demeanor scare your off; they make drinks strong and delicious with a dash of sarcasm.  

One of my first nights there, I ordered a mojito from the server.  The bartender tells me that he would rather not serve it to me since they only have the mix and serving a mix didn't sit right with his standards, he'd rather make something else for me fresh that didn't come pre-made.  
Props for that, dude.

I enjoy their breakfast deals regularly, the wraps are good although make sure you get the dressing on the side, sometimes it's served with a heavy hand.  

The place is closed around 4AM - 6AM on Monday nights for cleaning so heads up.

If you're in the area and would like a cheap, yummy breakfast then Beanos is a good, safe bet!
Got to say up front, I love Beanos.  The food is an great value.  I can get a great grilled chicken sandwich with a load of beer batter fries plus a soda for 10 bucks!  

The services is usually great (there is one server who is not the best, but the rest of the service more than makes up for her).

One warning, the main room is the casino area and they are smoker friendly.  There is a side room that is smoke free.  

Also, it can get very, very loud, especially during football season!
I have to give this place a 5 stars because to me, it is! My family and I live just around the corner and this is our go-to place when we want to have something yummy without all the fuss! Its a very casual diner and they have slots if you are interested in playing. They also have a Bar + TV's to watch the game!

Whenever we got to Beanos, we always order their chicken wings with their beer battered fries. It is hands down the best wings I've ever eaten and the fries are just as good. Sometimes I even find myself craving for some more! Its not pricey at all, cheap and good. What's not to love about that?
My husband and I went into Beanos for breakfast this morning. We both ordered the Big Dixie which was 3 eggs, biscuits and gravy, country fried steak and your choice of potatoes. We both chose cubed potatoes. It only cost us $6.99 each. It was really really delicious! The waitress Marion was very efficient, one of he best waitresses ever. She was very sweet and very attentive. We drove past beanos SEVERAL times and finally we decided to go in and check it out. It was a very relaxed atmosphere. I didn't want to go anywhere that was too crowded for breakfast. (I am not a morning person grrrr). So I enjoyed the peace and quiet. The coffee was yummy! We will definitely be going back to Beanos. They also have a $3.99 breakfast deal if you are searching for cheap breakfast eats. Hope this review is helpful to you.
Beano's Casino. They serve up a good solid breakfast, and they do it relatively
cheap. Nothing groundbreaking, nothing fancy, just a filling tasty breakfast with
no pretense. A - OK. I'd eat there again.
The name of the place has always kept me from coming here.  I always associate the word beano with flatulence and the name indicates this is a casino.  In reality, this place has nothing to do with the additive that prevents gas and it's not a casino.  It is a neighborhood bar.  I liked the homey unpretentious goodness here.  

Two things right off the bat - I appreciate the extra clean bathrooms with a rather pleasant air freshener and the booths are the most comfortable booths I have ever sat in.

Stopped by here for breakfast.

The breakfast was super cheap.  I had the corned beef hash.  It was pretty good.  The serving wasn't overly generous, but the price was right.  My eggs were cooked just right.  Decent service.

This is mostly a cheap drinks, gaming, smoky sort of bar.  It is a bit dated inside.  It is kind of a low end neighborhood bar.  Not the kind of place to take people you are trying to impress.  More of the keeping low key - grab some beers or late night grub.  Decent breakfast.
I've lived around the corner from Beano's for years, and I've never stepped in the place. I recently read online that they have great wings, so after the BCS game became a joke, my friend and I decided to go check it out.

I expected the place to be a smoky dive bar, so I was very happy to find it almost smoke free. There were only a couple people there, so I'm sure that helped, but there was no lingering smoke smells. 

My friend and I split 24 wings with four different flavors along with some cheese fries. The wings are incredibly meaty and delicious! We tried:

General Tso - A nice heat, and pretty heavy ginger flavor. Almost too much ginger, but still good.

Dracula's Kryptonite - Garlic. Lots of garlic. So good. Possibly better than BWW's spicy garlic.

Beano's Butt Burner - Not nearly as hot as I expected. However, the flavor for this sauce was amazing. Hot, but not tear inducing. Perfect.

Chipotle BBQ - Probably our favorite. The combonation of smoky pepper and sweet bbq sauce was awesome.

The cheese fries were solid. Nothing to write home about, but decent.

Service was great (this may be due to the fact the waiter was an former student of ours...), food was great, decor was what you'd expect. If you are there for the gambling, they do have a small bank of Fort Knox slot machines, and then the usual video poker machines around the bar.

The only downside to this place is it's a bit pricey. 24 wings is about $25 bucks. A dollar a wing is a but much, in my opinion. I'd be there a lot more if they dropped the price a little.

Still, for those times I'm craving a solid wing choice, and I don't want to drive up to Durango for BWW, Beano's will be my go-to place.
Great place for the neighborhood!!
Great bar food. Friendly staff. Alcohol :D
First time here noticed their sign for Valentine's special steak and shrimp for two for 34.99. It sounded like a good bargain and they didn't have a line out the door. Upon entering the first set of doors you are greeted by a weekly lunch and dinner specials bulletin board that could use a little tlc. The second set of doors lead to a softly lit bar area with a slight smokey aroma. There are booths and tables arranged along the walls and around two other bartop islands. There is another room with booths and half booths along the walls that can be used to escape some of the sound of the numerous tv's located in the bar area. We ordered the steak special after questioning the waitress as to the difference between the special steak meal offered and the normal flat iron steak offered in the favorites section of their menu. We were informed that the special was the same as the menu steak that is 12.99 but includes more because the special comes with soup or salad and a choice of shrimp served scampi, coconut , or fried. The wife ordered fried and I ordered scampi. I ordered my steak medium-rare, and the wife ordered medium well. They were really close on both hers to the well and mine to the rare. The menu steak says it came topped with shrimp, yellow onions, mushrooms and Swiss cheese. Our steaks came with some kind of very delicious sweet marinated red onion topping which made me totally not care it didn't have mushrooms or Swiss cheese. The scampi was a little lack luster kinda bland. Tasted like mostly a little butter,garlic, a lot of Lemon juice with Parmesan cheese sprinkled over cocktail shrimp. Overall it was a decent meal and a pleasant surprise when the check arrived and the waitress only charged us the menu price 12.99 for each steak meal. So with all that said I would eat here again and probably recommend it to family and friends.
P.S. 
The bathrooms were very clean and well kept
I would like to preface this with....We don't get to go out often, but when we do , we choose Beanos. Its comfortable, warm and the food is great for the price, the best breakfasts .We are there almost every Saturday morn having our eggs and toast. We love the dinners and the ambiance. But tonite I don't think I would have ever been made to feel the way this Bartender (Mike) Made us feel. We have been going for about 2 years now and went this morn as welll. As we finished our breakfast we decided we would return for dinner to watch the NBA festivities and enjoy some fingers and fries and wings. Well to our dismay we come to find out this Bartender (Mike) does not allow NBA of ANY kind on His shift. We proceeded to ask why or if we could at least have the one TV facing us on the station..He approached and immediately said.."yeas NBA?..No"....."first of all we are a casino not a sports book and none of our bartenders allow NBA because it drops 'our numbers'.....which I replied I had been there on Friday nights often and had seen NBA on....."Well I...(emphasizing the I) dont allow it....it drops My numbers"...I replied..."you mean your tips.."...He continued to go on and say...Now this is the kicker.."we feel it draws the 'wrong element'..".....ELEMENT??? You mean hard working people who wanted a nice night out and enjoy a bit of basketball??...Please MIKE...explain to alll the people here what ELEMENT we are talking about???....I truly dont feel the owner would have the same feeling on a sport for that would be detrimental to their current clientele if it were known the owners feel that way as well....He actually chose to allow good loyal customers to leave..and waved as they walked out of the bar....the entire time I have never been made to feel like an outsider or part of a 'wrong element' in my life as I was tonite by the bartender (Mike) who the whole time was speaking at us as if WE were wasting HIs time....I will come to see the owner hears of this one way or another.....and hopefully recitfy this situation..
I found this place just by pure luck. I'm always looking for cheap places to eat breakfast, and Beanos hits the spot. They have a $3.99 breakfast special before 11am that has 2 eggs, 2 bacon, toast, and potato selection. For $5.99 you can get 3 eggs and 3 bacon 24 hours a day. The food is good, the service is good....I really like coming here for a quick quiet breakfast.
Have been visiting Beano's for many years. The food is consistently delicious, the staff extremely friendly and welcoming, and the atmosphere very low key. Last visit was shrimp cocktail, shrimp scampi fettuccine and Chicken Parmesan sandwich. Everything was delicious, large portions, and reasonable prices.
Always good pizza and friendly staff!  For a fast food kind of pizza I've yet not to like a pizza from this location!
4 stars for a pizza place? 4 stars for DOMINO'S? YES!

Why you ask? WELLLL bc of their customer service of course! I decided one day after the gym I wanted a pizza, what kind you ask? The ONLY kind I LOVE! Buffalo chicken pizza! I swear, I love it with all mah heart! Soooo I call in and try to describe what toppings I want. The sweet little gentleman took the reigns and said he will make me a perfect pizza!

20 mins later I check out the pizza and it looks AMAZING! I get home and take a bite and almost die! SOOOOO GOOD!!! 

Go here for wonderful amazing customer service and pizza!
This Domino's is awesome. You always get your food super fast, in fact I don't think we have ever waited more than 30 minutes from when we ordered it. The delivery guys are always friendly and happy when they greet you at the door. And the most important part, the pizza is always yummy!
Delivered half an hour later than quoted. Pizza was cold, the driver not particularly polite, and they didn't bother to include the marinara cups that they charged EXTRA for to go with our stuffed cheesy bread. There was next to no cheese or toppings on the pizza. The stuffed cheesy bread was pretty good, or at least could have been if it had the marinara sauce. 

It's the first time I've ordered from Domino's in years, because the Handmade Pan looked good. It looks nothing the ads, which I know to expect. 

Still, it would have been nice if they could have gotten right.
Not a big fan of Dominos, but decided to try them again since the special was going to save me some money. My simple pizza, with only diced tomatoes and sausage was okay except that it tasted heavily salted. The pasta dish was not for me, with its "bowl" made of what could be thick crust of pizza dough. No way am I adding this to my diet. The enclosed macaroni with tomato sauce and chicken was good, but not worth the cost. Delivery was fast, employee polite and hunger satisfied.
Good food and fast deliveries but not to my door.  The drivers get to the parking lot and make me walk out, they refuse to leave there cars and walk to the apartment.  If I meet them in the lot and say the money's in my home they get an attitude.  It will be a while before I order again.  Pizza was good guess it's carry out for now.
This particular Domino's Pizza is the location I use for delivery when I would like a pizza at home.  They are always prompt and very polite when they deliver, and the pizza is hot fresh and baked perfectly.
As a child (along with Burger King), Kentucky Fried Chicken (as it was called then), was my favorite fast food restaurant. You couldn't go wrong with the "Original Recipe" (only option back then... it was just called chicken because there was no "Extra Crispy") and mashed potatoes.  Sure the coleslaw made me vomit through my nose (just wasn't ready for it then), but Kentucky Fried Chicken was the best.

Years later, "Extra Crispy" became available and I realized how hard the "Original Recipe's" texture sucked!

Novelty drove me to KFC yesterday.  I went with the white meat combo ... "Extra Crispy".  I started with the chicken.  The batter was really caked on.  I forgot haw thick the layers of batter get with KFC.  My initial bite started off satisfying, the flavors helped me relive those great fast foodie moments of my childhood.  From there, the mirage took off.

The batter is caked on so thickly that there is a space between the chicken and the crispy exterior that's moist mush.  It was so disgusting, I could only eat select portions of the batter I knew were crisp.  

The chicken was so far from free-range, it tasted as if were raised in a can.  The breast was moist, but it oddly had the flavor and some of the texture of thigh meat (I can't stand dark meat chicken). 

I went with the wedges.  They are flavored like curly fries, but with twice the seasoning.  The first part of the bite was solid, but the guts of the wedges were a mushy potato with the consistency of mashed potatoes -- yeah, deep-fried mashed potatoes --- %&u% GROSS!

The only thing I finished here was the soda.  I hope in 10 years, when I consider coming back, I read this review and realize some things are best left in childhood.
I used to work a few KFCs in San Diego,
this place needs to clean up the parking lot... otherwise, it's awesome! wtg team!
Extremely rude mexican staff!
I clearly said wedges and the staff (many times) gave me mash potato.
They wont give enough sauce. 
If you ask for a couple more sauces, they will bargain with you.
Ok, I have to say this right now; Otherwise, I would go to bed feeling angry and my boyfriend would suffer and that is not fair :(

This KFC is very inconsistent in their food and I always come back hoping for a miracle, I don't know, my love for fried chicken makes me blind I guess; However, today I had the worst chicken tenders I have ever eaten here, they were so chewy I could not eat them. I have had the same exact chicken tender many times and they are nice and extra crispy, today they were cooked to death and there wasn't any crispiness whatsoever. Besides, the staff at this location do not care about what their customers, sometimes I stand up at the counter and I wait at least 2-3 minutes until somebody has the decency to notice I am there. Once they take your order they seem to be annoyed by you, like if you are on their way. I am very dissapointed.
Let me just say that the Parmesan Chicken Sub from Pizza Extreme is AMAZING!!! I love that thing, and have gotten it there off and on for years.  I just am giving this a 2 star rating because the last two times in a row I've been to the Fish Hatchery location, I've gotten terrible customer service (though in fairness, it's always from the same person).  The Raymond Rd location I've had exceptional service from, and the food is all the same (yummy!)
Probably the best place for sandwiches in that area. Milios (right next door) ain't got nothing on the amazing deal you can get at Pizza Extreme. A sub, chip, and soda for 5.26 (includes tax). I LOVE this place. They make great subs for SUPER cheap. And they are always really nice. I've never experienced the bad customer service the other reviewer recieved and I've probably been there about 20 times. Definitely an office favorite.
Ok So I ordered a Pizza and WIngs this evening and was a bit frustrated. First the delivery time took 75 mins when I was quoted 45 to 60....not a super big deal but still frustrating. Then I look at my bill and really got ticked off....I had a coupon for 11.99 for my pizza and was charged 12.50 plus an additional 3.75 for toppings - can you say rip off? Then I was charged 1.50 for a delivery fee....the box says FREE DELIVERY. To top it all off after I called....whoever I talked to....simply said the delivery fee goes to the driver and they are supposed to inform people of that....well I didn't get informed. He then said he was sorry and sat there in silence until I simply hung up.
I will not order from this location again and I will be attempting to get in contact with a corporate office.
"it's not terrible, i've had worse" - my girlfriend

"for the first time in history, bacon actually made my pizza worse" - me

At least it was a fun experience ordering & waiting for my pizza to be ready, 15 minutes after it was suppose to be... ha ha
Some of the best deep dish pizzas in town. If you disagree, I doubt your understanding of what makes a great pizza! I work nearby so I've had every (no joke) pizza on the menu and they are all great. The KC Barbecue, Bucky and Olympic Garden are some of my favorites.
By far the best pizzas in town! The staff is always extremely friendly and the pizza is always delicious!
The girl who answered the phone tonight was really rude. The website said that it was open until 11pm and it was just 10pm so I called to order. The girl answered the phone and said in a really snarky voice that they were closed. I said to her that the website said that there was still an hour but she said well its not and hung up on me. I like their pizza but not the poor customer service.
I love the deep dish pizza and for lunch you get two big slices with a drink for 5 bucks. Awesome. Sandwiches are good too. Highly recommend.
Well, I decided to start the year off right. And go to Church. I have to admit I hadn't been to Church in quite awhile. Such a sin. I know. I didn't get all dressed up but I did do the sign of the cross when I entered Church's. Oh. I meant to say Church's earlier in the review. Not church. My bad. How silly. What a silly yelper am I? Church's. You know. Double battered fried chicken. Deep fried okra. Powderd mashed potatoes. And the mac n cheese. Why the latter is indeed heavenly. And a sin at the same time. I'm not gonna compare the grease sticks here to the grease sticks at KFC or Popeye's. All kinda the same to me. But I can tell you the offering from Church's soaked up the booze from ringing out 07 the night before. Grease be with you. And also with you.
I'm really surprised at how Church's has turned themselves around.  In the eighties it was a hot new property that was opening stores all over the place. I guess over-expansion hit; and didn't they go bankrupt? 

Anyway, we came to this location recently and really enjoyed the food. 

They have a sign inside that states they were judged better then Popeye's.  Now, I find it unusually that a franchise would mention a competitor when you have already made the decision to go there and eat.  

Made me wonder where the nearest Popeye's is located???  But the food was really very good.  And maybe, just maybe as good as Popeye's.
Stopped in here for a 2-Piece Meal for lunch today & specified FOR HERE when the cashier gal asked me.  Soon, a guy appeared from the back with my meal packaged TO GO.  I nicely reminded him that it was for here, & he shoved a tray at me with a big serving of attitude!     :-O

Went to wash my hands & there were no paper towels in the bathroom, & not even one of those air blowers!     :-O

CHURCH'S CAN DO A LOT BETTER THAN THIS!!     :-((
They got what I need and it costs a lot less than that old racist southern gnetleman's secret sauce recipe that's probably full of sawdust anyways.

Although, this is the most ghetto Church's Chicken in town.
I waited over a year to return to this Church's because the staff here was pretty bad last time.  I barely gave it 2 Stars then even though I liked the food.  (See previous Review.)

Things were a little better today.  This place is still not up to many of the other Church's in the Valley, but at least there were paper towels in the bathroom and the employees I encountered today, although certainly not perky, at least weren't rude like the jerk they had working in there last time.     :-|

The actual food, a Spicy Leg & Thigh + Mashed Potatoes & Gravy + a Biscuit & honey was delicious...  & all this for only $1.99 with coupon.     :-)
Poor employees. Nice, but really as dumb as a sack of hammers. It is what it is I guess.
Service in the DT was mind numbingly SLOW, but the food was good, hot and correct.
All I can say is "Finger Lickin Good." 

This location is always fast and friendly. My experience here has always been walk-in to carry out. It is a busy location but the ladies have it all covered. The restaurant is clean, organized and smells sooooo good. 

Church's for those who don't know is all chicken. Fried Chicken from on the bone to strips. Along with traditional sides such as mash potatoes, fries, fried okra and much more.
Staff was slow. The guy at the counter didn't understand the concept of a coupon and charged us regular price. We didn't bother with arguing over it because there was a line building behind us. The location isn't the best location. A lot of people that came in wanted to use the restroom but knew the rule of having to purchase something in order to use the facilities. Next time I crave chicken I'd go to a different location.
The drive through is open until 3. Oh sweet savior of late night chicken wings. Strangely however there is no menu posted at the drive-through so we decided to go inside...but it was closed. What to do?
No problem. Jeramiah let us inside to order and even offered to let us stay and eat. The wings were magnificent. Crispy but not overdone with delicious sweet spicy sause of some kind.

Jeramiah was a bit discontent with his job and wanted to share. I was in just the right mood to really enjoy his ramblings about his superiors. He was super personable and after taking the order went back to cook it up himself.

Did I mention the wings rocked? The sandwich was pretty good, but the wings really drive the stars up, and right across the street from my apartment! No more mushy dominoes hot wings for this guy.
Unique, fresh and damn good. 

Unique, they are called Steakenburger, they combine a good burger with a good cheese steak. Nuff said 

Fresh, The bun...oh the buns. Fresh local bakery, sliced when ordered, light and spongy. I am a bun kinda guy. 

Damn good, The two slices of cheese, the two thin patties and the cheese steak fixins, all wrapped in "the bun" The beef was fresh, Thin but fresh, not frozen. Served with skin on huge steak frys.... damn good. 

I too wanted a second burger, but opted for 31 flavor for dessert instead.
6 hours later, I still taste the cheesesteak. That's not nearly as bad as it sounds. 

I had some trepidation about trying it with whiz (white american being my choice), but it turned out to be surprising mild and did not interfere at all with the awesomeness that was the meat and grilled onion taste. Probably better than any cheesesteak I've had since leaving the east coast. 

The fries, very thick cut and skin on are good, but could use a tiny amount of seasoning. The roll, while soft, was basically an afterthought for me. It did fine to sop up some of the grease. 

I understand their burgers are top notch as well, but the cheesesteak was so good I'm going to have trouble breaking away and trying something else. Perhaps one day I'll starve myself and drive over with a bottle of Lipitor and have at it.
Open letter to business owners everywhere:

Watch out!  Your dream is in jeopardy.  

All that you'd hoped for, all that you've worked for, is reliant upon one key factor, over which you have only scant control -- you somehow need to get your hourly wage employees to either believe in your same mission, or at least be able to fake it for the paycheck.  How you do that is part of your undertaking as a small biz owner, but you simply must figure out a way to do it.

It just won't do to have a super original idea with great potential (such as the delightful SOUNDING Steakenburger idea) ruined by careless execution (such as the ironic twist of having the SHAVED RIBEYE STEAK portion of the conglomeration OVERCOOKED and OVERSEASONED, ie burnt and salty, while the GROUND CHUCK portion is barely even cooked to a state of RARE.  Shouldn't it have been the other way around -- well done ground meat and rare steak -- at least  for food-safety's sake?).

A wonderful thing like 'fresh-cut fries with sea-salt' looks good on paper (or the menu board).  However it's a menu item that's tough to execute well, and a soggy, greasy pile of limp tubers did not look so good on my plate, nor taste like much more than a soggy, greasy pile of limp tubers.

Business owner, I know you can't be everywhere at once, so aside from standing behind them watching at every moment, there must be a way to instill in employees some portion of the excitement you feel about sharing your idea with the world.
If you can't inspire a little bit of this quality in them, they won't instill enough quality in your food, no matter how creatively and thoughtfully the menu/recipe was formed.

Sadly, many wonderful dreams have ended when the owner gets a rude wake-up call that their brainchild wasn't nurtured attentively enough.
We drive by this place on our way to work every morning.  Every time I look at it, I just laugh.  The name cracks me up.  We finally decided to stop by after work last Friday for a quick bite.

The girl at the counter was very nice and efficient.  The menu  (for SteakenBurger) consists of either Cheesesteaks or Burgers with a few chicken items thrown in for good measure.  I felt like getting the whole experience and ordered The Steakenburger.  This is a interesting concoction of a double cheeseburger with a little bit of Philly Cheesesteak business piled on top of that.  It sounds ridiculous, I know.  It came with fries and a drink too.  The fries were greasy, but perfect for dipping in ranch.  The burger was also greasy but I think it needed some changes.  First, get rid of the extra hamburger patty and put more cheesesteak on it.  Also, instead of provolone cheese, drown that baby in cheese whiz.  That's the way it's supposed to be right?

Anyway, it's a weird place.  I may stop by again, but who knows.  I've had better burgers, but these are A-OK.
I had been waiting to go to Steakenburger since I found out they opened, and last week I finally had the opportunity to pick up lunch and meet the wife at work.  As such, I chose the convenience route and went through the drive-thru.  Two cars waiting for their orders, no wait for the speaker.  The gal taking the order was quite friendly and I put in my order for a regular philly with whiz.  NO fries, as I have learned in my life that generally speaking, when you have a killer cheesesteak, why waste precious stomach room on fries???  Seemed like it took a little while for the cars in front of me to get their orders, so I figured mine would be up quickly, seeing as I had spent all that time in the queue already.  Imagine my surprise when the guy at the register wanted to verify what my order was...not a great sign.  All in all, from ordering to receiving the food, it was close to 10 minutes, which is okay, but could be a little bit faster.

Got to the destination and sat down to enjoy the sandwich...it was nicely wrapped up not only in paper, but foil as well, which was a good touch as it helped keep the sammich warm.  The bread was good as well and the cheez whiz was nice and cheezy.  The steak was good for the most part, however, right in the middle there was a big piece of fat/gristle that I was not a fan of.  Overall, I'd say I was...whelmed.  I mean, I really wanted to love their phillys.  I thought it was good, not great.  Good thing was that for the most part, it got better as I ate it, which I like.  (They are definitely a far cry from the best philly cheese steak I've had in my life, which was from Steak Stuffers USA in Tulsa OK...yes, you read that right) I certainly will give them another try though.  

3.5 stars rounded down to 3.  Knocked down due the wait, the gristle and  lack of wow.  (Side note:  I don't like the combo restaurant thing...can't you be one or the other, maybe this is what led to the long wait?).
Without question, the best Philly Cheesesteak I've had! The ambiance is still changing/improving since the new owners took over,  but if you're looking for a mean, big guy loving Philly, you've come to the right place. Their homemade thick fries are great too. Just the right amount of sea salt. I got the Steaken combo with CheeseWhiz, mushrooms, peppers, and onions. I was stuffed! The owner asked me to name one thing I would change or that could improve and I couldn't think of anything. I've eaten here before and this was as good as I've gotten. Not sure what the other review is talking about.
Open letter to restaurant customers everywhere (especially Yelpers):

The inc.com article recently discussed in Yelp Talk makes good points about the serious impact that Yelp can have on a business, positive or negative.
http://www.yelp.com/topic/tempe-new-article-on-yelp
http://www.yelp.com/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inc.com%2Fmagazine%2F20100201%2Fyouve-been-yelped.html

Despite any controversy the article also may have included, I realize the importance of being a responsible reviewer more after reading it, and hope I can share that feeling and understanding with you now.

Especially when it comes to independent, unique, one-of-a-kind places -- would you really want your favorite local flavor to disappear because a yelper or two didn't like a particular server's muffintop or tone of voice?

With that in mind, I must humbly take on a review Update that 's weighed heavily on my soul for some time.

Several months after my initial review of Steakenburger, I received a note from the owner, Tom.  He sent a personal message instead of a public comment, and did NOT at all make the mistake some proprietors do by responding in an angry or condescending tone to my critiques.  Instead I found the response to be brimming with *CLASS*.

I received a sincere and heartfelt letter apologizing for my experience and asking a chance for redemption.  If you read below, you can see that they took the review and steps to address its criticisms VERY SERIOUSLY.

I would like to invite all Yelpers to remember to give second chances and update their reviews often, even the bad ones, whenever appropriate to do so.  
Sometimes things go wrong that are outside of the biz's control.
Sometimes a rogue server is having a pissy day and takes it out on you.
Sometimes they just make a mistake.

We all do.  And we always want another chance, don't we?  Ask us and we'll tell you we DESERVE it, too.   

-----------------------------------------------------------------
"Ryan C-
My name is Tom Philp, owner of SteakenBurger.

First, I am bummed about your bad experience.  With that said, I truly appreciate your candid feedback.  I cringe every time I re-read your experience (which is often), but I believe your review has made us a better restaurant.

While we are still hiring from the human race, and will make mistakes, I'd like to believe that we listen to our critics and respond with systemic adjustments to prevent future similar occurrences.

I have waited some time to respond to insure that I felt comfortable that we had improved our processes and consistency.  

I'd like to invite you back for a do-over ....
I've read all of your reviews and know that I could get skewered again if we fail you, but also feel that we would get a favorable review IF (and only IF) it is warranted.  At the risk of your wrath, I invite you back. 

Thank you for your consideration of this invitation.

Tom & Judie Philp
SteakenBurger"
---------------------------------------------------

The folks at Steakenburger are a class act, and I wish them great luck in their tough business endeavors.

Steakenburger earned their redemption, and they highly DESERVE it! 

I went back for the food, becasue it is unique and fresh and tasty.  
The Steakenburger was a delicious meat-pile, cooked to ideal doneness, and yet still juicy without feeling greasy.  
The homecut fries seem to be double fried now, or something, becasue they had a crisp outside while retaining a potatoey mushiness inside -- perfectly cut thick with the skins on.  Homecut fries are hard to crisp up, and they've done a wonderful job with this recipe.  

There are ten different flavors of wings (let's see if I can remember them: mild, med, hot, suicide, zombie (?!?), bbq, honey bbq, honey hot, habanero, damn i fell short!) and there is even a neat challenge to eat a certain number of habanero wings within an hour and get your picture on the wall of fame.  
I'm sure Adam Richman has this one on his radar allready for a future MvF.  Steakenburger is way more deserving than some of the junk that's been on DDD, too (Chino Bandido, blech)

In summary: GO TO STEAKENBURGER !
Not much flavor in The steak sandwitch, lots of meat but not a lot of taste, very expensive for lunch, we spent $20.00 for the 2 of us. Atmosphere not good for dinner. Just a lunch joint and not that good, probably won't go back
My expectations were definitely exceeded here.  After attempting to find a good lunch spot in the area for about 15 minutes (so many on Yelp have closed!) my coworker and I settled in on SteakenBurger.  

First off, the place is huge.  I really liked the picnic table style seating, and the fact that they have a few flat screen TV's rocking ESPN - definitely a huge plus.  The prices were really, REALLY reasonable, and you can expect to pay between $3-4 for a good sized burger / sandwich.

On to the food.  I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and my coworker ordered the Hellzapoppin' burger without giving it much thought other than the fact that it would be spicy.  The buffalo chicken was great, they give you your choice of about 10 different wing sauces for it - honey hot is great.  The sandwich is huge, and the 'small' fries that came with the combo were more than enough (and delicious).

Watching my compadre eat his Hellzapoppin' burger was hilarious.  This burger comes with jalapeños, pepper jack cheese, cayenne pepper, and to top it all off - habanero sauce.  Two bites in and his face was as red as a tomato; four bites in and he was literally sweating.  Hilarious! (For me.)

One other thing to note is that they have happy hour here; although it would be kind of weird rocking pitchers of Bud Lite in a fast-food type environment.  The prices are good, with pitchers running you $6.  If I get any more broke I'll be tempted to give it a shot.
This place is way overpriced, as far as the steakenburger part goes.  Bread's meh, the philly steak is meh, all in all - meh...  But very overpriced.  Think 8 bucks for a steakenburger (burger with philly meat as well) fries and drink.
I had craved for some greasy and fried foods.  I figured since I have a coupon and it was near my work; let's give SteakenBurger/Long Wongs a try. The joint is simple with two TV's on the wall and good amount of tables for the lunch crowd.  It wasn't crowded at 1PM.  It's probably never crowded.  I had ordered a combo regular original philly steak + mushrooms with Cheez Whiz ($7.24) with sub for mushroom ($1.75 extra) instead of fries, and small drink ($1.75).  I didn't get my mushroom, but got zucchini instead.  I didn't realize that they gave me zucchini until I took a bite.  As for the sandwich, no flavor at all, just the Cheez Whiz dripping all over.  I do give them having good ice teas.  The total of my combo was little over $11.00 with tax.  Ouch!  I am glad that I had a coupon to use.  I certainly had better philly steak sandwiches for that price.
Being that I work in the area, I had to try Steakenburger after reading good reviews on here.  My first visit last month was awesome.  I ordered a steaken (philly cheesesteak) sandwich with cheese whiz which was mighty tasty and very generous with the meat.  The fries were wonderful large cut steak fries and extremely fresh.

Because of this marvelous experience, I decided to go there again last week.  This time I tried the 2x2 which is a double cheese burger.  The burger was wonderful - perfectly cooked, fresh lettuce, tomato and red onion and very fresh bun, although I wish it would have been better toasted.  The fries this time...a disaster.  It was obvious that whoever the fry cook was, put old fries back into the fryer to warm them up.  They were disgusting.  I brought them back through the drive thru and the woman cut me off as I was explaining to her that you should never re-heat old fries back in the oil.  She just said pull ahead and she would give me new fries.  So I did.  And I waited at the window for over 5 minutes thinking oh good, I'm going to get new fresh fries.  I got another basket of old, hard rocks.

The gentleman who wrote the review and had feedback from the owner has it spot on.  The owner needs to take account of his employees.  This concept is such a good one and could thrive in this town, just so long as the employees give a fraction of a sh*t.

Dear Mr. Owner, re-train your fry cook or fire him!
Sooooo tired of the same ole fast food choices.  Based on reviews tried Steaken/Burger.  Fries were great old style chunk fries.  Hamburger was juicy and tasty but didn't like the bun at all.  Service was good.  If the owner could relocate to a smaller, busier location more likely to reap the benefits for their tastiness.
Went there Sunday 8-29-10 with my two kiddos.

I had gone with the pure intention of trying out the supposedly fiery "Hellza-Poppin'" burger, with Pepper Jack, Jalapenos, and Habanero sauce.  I love hot and spicy foods to a fault.

The burger was indeed a little spicy.  Nothing overly hot, however, as it did not have my face sweating or have me craving a glass of milk, which REALLY hot food does to me.

If you are the dude among your friends (as I am) who is known as the "king of eating hot stuff" you might be a little disappointed in the Hellza-Poppin' burger.

Summing up the Hellza-Poppin':  Tasty, but not a volcano in your mouth.

You definitely taste the heat, but it's not overwhelmingly hot.  Unless you are a hot food wussy, in which case you should stay away from this burger.

If I were to "scale" this burger on a heat scale, basing it on other places in town you can get TRULY HOT food (Los Dos Molinos, Arriba's side order of Hatch chiles) I would have to put it on about a 6.5 out of 10.

My daughter had the original Steakenburger and was not overly impressed either.  Adding the shaved steak to the two patties did not really make the burger better.  The shaved steak actually tasted kind of stale to me when I tried it.  Maybe it was a little bit old.

The wings were very good, though.  My son had the "mild" and he loved them.

Onion rings were also above average.

We'd go back, maybe just for the wings.
After my review criticizing the bun got a personal email from owner of restaurant telling me that he taste tested the bun and agreed.  He discovered that a new person was on the line baking his buns and was not letting them sufficiently proof.  Says the problem is fixed and invited me back.  Will go back sometime but I'm like a food butterfly - on to the new adventure before I revisit the old.
I come by here every so often.  I usually have the 2x2 with some wings and quite a bit of Diet Coke (out of guilt due to the high cholesterol and calorie count) attributed to the food here.  I am not a big fan of fast food, but I make an exception here.

The wings are good and the burgers are good.  The atmosphere is well.....fast food.

The menu is somewhat lengthy and confusing - the SteakenBurger vs. Long Wongs - or a combination?  It always takes me a few minute although I order the same thing each time.

From my experience, the staff are courteous.

Give it a try.........
Coming through PHX on my way home to So. Cal. ,it was time for Dinner.
I didn't want a sit down, give a tip,or have good table manners,  we just wanted a drive thru.  My wife spotted a bill board with " Steaken Burger" on it and we just had to stop. 
Hey, this place was very good, in fact we split the wings, and a burger with fries. The meat  was cooked perfect and  the wing's were spot on. 
Here in So. Cal we just got a 5 Guys around the corner , but your SteakenBurger kills .LUCKY YOU !!!

T
Good cheese steak + good cheeseburger=SteakenBurger 

What else could we hope to see? 

Good sushi + good pancakes=SushiCakes 

Good Thai food + good omelet=ThOmelet 

Good Schwarma + good BBQ=SchwarBQ

Good doughnuts + good custard=DoughTurd

I can see we wouldn't want to go too far with this concept but it's working for SteakenBurger.

I could have sworn I wrote a review of this place months ago. Are some of my reviews disappearing? The Yelp can't just give my reviews away because I have so many! 

So SteakenBurger is a pretty solid sandwich place with big portions. Consider sharing a sandwich and fries here, you can always go back for more. 

If they were closer to home I would go back. Ryan C's review brought me in when I was in the neighborhood. 

The atmosphere is pretty basic, service was friendly and the food was pretty good and reasonable.
This was my first pick up order from Steaken Burger/Long Wongs during my lunch hour as my co-workers have ordered wings and the phenomonal smell always filled the area, so thanks to the folks at Groupon, I tried the place and we placed a pick up order.  The staff was very helpful in placing the phone order and the food was ready promptly when we arrived.  I had ordered the steaken with provolone, green peppers mushrooms and a side of onion rings.  The onion rings were some of the best, probably #2 I've had in the valley.  I don't eat them all the time, but when I'm in the mood, nothing like a side of onion rings.  These were huge and had the perfect amount of breading and onion.  The steaken was ok, I mean it's huge on a 9 inch hoagie roll, but there should be like a choice of wheat or sourdough, and ummm where is the provolone and mushrooms?  BTW-something else is missing on this-- flavor.  Don't get me wrong, it's not bad, but I'd much rather have a 6 inch sandwich that has some shi-bang flavor than a 9 inch with ok flavor. On a sidebar, when I pay extra for additional items on the sandwich I should be able to see them.  All in all, though I'll give this place another shout, maybe if I get their cheez-wiz next time I'll actually see the cheese.
Ordered a 14" chez pizza, 18 hot wings, 6 plain wings, tons of ranch on the side. $21.xx. She charged me $25-something, which seemed a lot more than $13+$7 for the items on the website, which she then later adjusted. Ohhhkayyy.

The cheese pizza came out hot and fresh. Lots of cheese. Good crust. Decent sauce, but I doubt it was made in-house.The weird thing was that the core of the pizza was thin crust but there was a very thick end crust. CONFUSSSINNNNG! 

Hot wings were doused in hot sauce, and were actually hot. Wayyyy too much sauce though. They're wings, not fish. Wings were ok, but there was a LOT of meat on the bone.

I paid peanuts for food that will last me a full day, so while not amazing, it was mos'def great value. RECOMMEND unless you demand the very best pie.
We went here to grab something quick because it was late and our kids were tired. They have a drive through so and its close to home so we stopped. That being said we both got a philly steaken burger and they are huge, we could have shared one. They also give you a large amount of fries, enough to share as well. The food wasn't great but was not bad either. Just another philly cheese steak sandwich nothing stood out enough to make me say that I would go back.
Went to this place over the weekend and ordered 12 wings for pickup.  I only had the wings this time around and they were very good.  You can usually pull around the drive through but there was a car in front of me so I opted to enter the restaurant instead.  The owner was at the cash registered and from placing my order over the phone with a female employee to my encounter with the staff when I arrived and despite them being busy was great.  The customer service experienced this time around was way better than a previous experience I had in the begging of the year.  I will be returning for the wings which I enjoyed very much!
Heard about this place from Barry Young on KFYI and I am so glad they are a sponsor of the show. Awesome burgers made to order with fresh toppings. They were good and greasy. The fries are amazing as well. 

A+!
They tried to kill me, and I love them for it.  

When a company posts a wing challenge usually covertly by  using terms fire, insanity,suicide or death wings I have to try it.Nearly every place using those terms in the valley are liars. If it's a chain restaurant Suicide wings =  a penguin's dangly bits. 

I am one of those idiots that frequents hot-sauce forums, sites and other places where my legal high can be obtained or discussed with those similarly afflicted so I took them up on the $15 challenge to eat 10 in 10 minutes, prize for 2 hours of speaking in tongues and humming a Johnny Cash tune?  Picture on wall and T-shirt plus not having to do it again:) The wings are caked in a habanero reduction that is more a  volume of heat eaten rather than insanely hot. Try it.It's awesome way to spend  20-30 minutes:D 

Thankfully they have more affordable, livable, Zombie wings for those times you have enough T Shirts in your wardrobe but still need that kick. Their Hellzapoppin burger is rather good too.  Nice people,been in several times and orders have been quick, hot, correct and the food is a great value for money. 5/5  purely on heat  4/5  on food..5/5 value  So 4.7 stars rounded up:)
I hear the commercials on Barry Young in the morning all the time and decided to make the drive out today to give the place a try.  I had expected it to on the upscale side because of the advertising that they do, but the place has a bright but divey feel to it,  That is fine with me.  The place was clean and I wouldn't hesitate to bring my family.

My friend and had the 2&2 with iced tea.  They have fresh brewed sweetened and not sweetened.  The tea is good but not fantastic.  The burger was nice, the patties are a little thin but not ridiculously so like Freddy's.  

The fries are a thicker cut natural and fresh fry.  They are light on the inside with a slight crisp on the outside.  Above average for fresh fries in the area but similar to Five Guys (but not with the ridiculous amount you get at 5 Guys).  

The food was cheap at under $14 for both orders.  There is beer, they have cans of San Tan beers, some of the macro brews in bottles and Bud and Bud Lite on tap.

The owner was working the counter and seems like a nice guy that is putting out good product.
This place is good for a solid, artery clogging cheesesteak.  

I popped in here tonight after a stressful day and picked up a philly and some fries.  You can get it "wit wiz" here which is a detail that a lot of places in Phoenix miss when they're trying to replicate a good cheesesteak.

That being said, it ain't philly, but it's good for Phoenix and the price.  It's super filling and delicious enough so that you wolf it down fast enough that you regret eating it.

Domestic beers here are pretty cheap too!

The one detractor is the customer service.  I've been here a few times and it's really hit or miss.  Never been terrible but sometimes can be a little far from awesome.  Still though, it's fast food right?

Check it out!!!!
I like burgers.  I like cheesesteak.  I really, really like them together!

A Steakenburger is pretty much what the name implies - a burger, with steak and cheese.  Grilled rib eye, and provolone to be exact.  Oh, and lettuce and tomato so you can try and tell yourself you are getting in a serving of veggies.  Sounds a bit strange, but it will delight your inner carnivore!  Feeling extra hungry?  Go for the double, with two beef patties.  I like mine without the grilled onions.  Juicy, beefy goodness.  

Unlike many fast food restaurants, where everything comes from a bag or can, Steakenburger tries to make many of their items in-house.  This includes creating fries by cutting Actual Potatoes and making their own chili (that takes 6 hours!).  

Put those fries and chili to good use by ordering the chili cheese fries.  Plenty to share and made with your choice of cheddar cheese or cheez whiz (go for the cheddar!).  The chili is just how I like it, without beans.  The fries are a bit greasy, but let's be honest.  You are not visiting somewhere with a name like 'Steakenburger' because your cardiologist recommended it.    :)
Went back today and had some really good food.  The zucchini is extremely good, on par with any others I have had in the valley.
Went back today and had some really good food.  The zucchini is extremely good, on par with any others I have had in the valley.

My friend and I both enjoy this place, the burgers and fries a good, the people are nice, too.  I just wish the iced tea was a little better.   


I am editing this review to add a comment that SteakenBurger actually had 7 cheese choices, not just American.  That is great news.
Get the steakenmonster.  Not sure if it's still on the menu, but it's one pound of ribeye as a cheesesteak.  Super tasty for leftovers.  Good pizza.  Good bar food appetizers and wings.  The best deal here is the draught beer.  $6 for a 64 ounce pitcher of B or BL is the best deal around.
Still great.  Just had pizza for the first time last weekend.  It's excellent.  Seems a little greasy so keep an extra pitcher of beer at your table to wash it down.  Tasty crust and toppings.
I took two family members with me.  We ordered steak subs, soda and split one order of fries.  About $38...everyone was dissatisfied with price and steak sandwich.  We won't be returning.
WOW! What a over the top burger! I had the Steakenburger meal, thinly sliced steak with cheese on a burger. Very fresh, service was quick and friendly. The fries are fresh cut,thick and crispy. You could easily split this meal and have plenty of food. They're not the cheapest, but the quality is well worth it. I couldn't eat there that often or my arteries would surly clog. They have salads, but when you go there, salad? what's the point. Eat, enjoy, worry about your cholesterol later!
I have to thank the "nearly famous" Barry Young Show on KFYI for telling me about this place.  On every one of their "wine and cheeseburger" Fridays they mention Steakenburger.

When my family and I were in the neighborhood recently, I was checking out to see what businesses were nearby on Yelp and I saw Steakenburger pop up at the top of the list.  We had just eaten a few hours before, but I immediately asked my wife, "Oooh, can we go to Steakenburger?"  My confused spouse wondered why I wanted to eat again, but was willing to drive us over so I could give this place a shot.

Didn't expect it to be like a fast food joint with a drive-thru and everything.  The biggest complaint that I have about this place is that the drive-thru must have taken in excess of 20 minutes from order to getting your bag of food.  This wasn't good, but the food was. I only got a single patty burger as I wasn't especially hungry.  The patty had a great grilled taste, but was overwhelmed by the really bready "artisan" bun.  Still enjoyable.  The fries were real potato, which is always a plus--nice and tasty too.  My daughter liked the fried pickles.

To be honest, I really didn't give Steakenburger as much of a chance that I could have.  A single burger just can't do it justice.  I'm going to give four stars for now.  I will be back when I'm extra hungry and ready to eat something big and juicy.  Details at 11. . .
ekkk, I'll go here because it's near my school I like there Philly cheese steak and fries! Philly is really good and fries are great if you are not on a diet. They deliver and they have tons of parking, place is not that clean tho.
The best Philly Cheesesteak you will find in Phoenix, hands down. The bread is a white french loaf, which is served fresh, spongy and room temperature--not toasted which ruins the authentic experience of a back east philly spot. I recommend the 8" steakenphilly, with onions and both provolone and cheese whiz. The combination of the two cheeses is something else, trust me! The best side there is the fried pickles, but the french fries are pretty good as well. I have not tried the burgers, but have eaten there with friends who have and say they are fantastic too. The only potential drawback for me is the pizza, which I find to be a bit too greasy for my taste, but then again, when I go to Steakenburger the only thing on my mind is a heapin helping of ribeye on a roll, which they do better than anywhere else statewide...and as an implant from back east whereabouts, I have spent a good amount of time while here looking for the flavor of home. I have found it at Steakenburger, and you will too I promise!!!
You will not find a cheesesteak (from Goodyear to Chandler) that is anything like the one they serve here. I have tried multiple places in AZ throughout the past 20 years and this is where you will find the real deal.  My daughter always orders wings and pizza or chicken strips, bottom line is there is something for everyone.
Good food, but 14 minutes in drive through at 830 with 4 employees to get a chx sandwich. Will go again though.
Heard about SteakenBurger from a friend and was not disappointed. Food was great, cheap, fast. You cant go wrong with that combination. Defiantly give it a shot if you are thinking about going you will be glad you did.
Great place, I go there for lunch at least twice a week. Honey Hot and Honey BBQ are the best and cheap too. Fries can be a little soggy sometimes, it just depends on the day I guess. Overall good food and good prices.
More cheese on that Philly...I order extra every time still not enuff...delivery Guy goose rocks!!
Don't eat this dirty food with terrible customer service. I have eaten here twice and both times it was way over priced, overlooked and terribly dry and the service was despicable. Adriana was demeaning and curt. The only thing I can say is that I'm sorry for inconveniencing them with my food order, I won't make that mistake again.
Heard about this place on one of my favorite morning talk radio shows and decided to give them a shout out. Been here a few times in the past when in the area and hungry for some grub.

This is your basic Burgers, Wings, Cheesesteaks, Pizza, and deep fried vittles joint. They even offer a few items that go coco crazy spicy. One is called the Diego Dave's Habanero Wingz Challenge. If you can finish 10 wingz in under 10 minutes you will get a free T shirt and your photo on the wall.

We have tried the Zombie Wingz, the HellzaPOPPIN Double Cheese Burger, a couple of the Steaken Philly Sandwiches and a few of the different deep fried Appetizers. We both thought the food was pretty good but not outstanding. Kinda like a Dairy Q on steroids and then some.

Service is friendly and helpful. Give them visit and go SPICY if you dare. I could just buy their Spicy Habanero Hot Sauce and put it on some Ice Cream. Might even rub a little on my sore knee. OH YEAH!

3.5 STARS
Zombie Wings! Sooo tasty! They use hot sauce with a zing and add jalapeño's to the mix. I could eat these everyday! The service despite what others have said has always been friendly and the food out in a timely manner. The burgers are the bomb too. We've also got their pizza and it was great too. If you haven't been here and can't decide what to eat this place has a nice variety to keep you satiated  .
Long Wongs has always been one of our family's favorite places to eat. Its fun and the food is good :)  The mushroom and Swiss burger is awesome, too
I'm very hard at reviews so let me tell you this burger didn't really had much flavor to it I got a bacon cheese burger with guacamole and mushrooms  lettuce tomato and pepper jack cheese it had a lot of cheese but nothing really had flavor it lacked of flavor and the fries I got were a bit soggy and they were somewhat too salty to eat alone. I got small fries and a coke I uploaded a pic of the burger! Check it out oh and the customer service was decent I mean I was in drive thru so not much to say
Would give less starts if available. Was DISGUSTED from pulling into the parking lot  to walking out. 
 Parking lot & outside appearance is dirty, run down looking. Restroom was filthy, old, graffiti, unsanitary but that's not the worst part. 
 An employee was smoking in the restroom while using the stall!
 As a non smoker walking into a tiny smoke filled restroom is the worst. Also the employee did NOT wash his hands for the state mandated time. 
 Would have complained to the manager but had no idea who they were. The counter person acted as if they did not want to help me. I told her I had never been there before & didn't know what they had. Her only response was 'ok'. 
 Was only 7 people in the place & it took an unnecessarily long time to get my food. Almost every table was dirty. Had to clean off my own table. Drinks station was filthy & didn't work properly. 
 Fries were limp, bland, gross. Burger bun smelled like fish. Had to remove it. 
 I didn't want to spend any second longer than I needed to in that place so didn't complain to anyone. Not like it would have done any good. The employees seem like they are being tortured by working there. 
 How is place even still in business?
Do Not go to steakenburger! Do NOT go to steakenburger!
Ordered wings and Philly with Cheez Whiz and Chocolate shake.
I am undecided on the Philly though. Tasted very salty to me. I have not had Cheeze Whiz for years and cannot remember if it is that salty or if the beef was overly seasoned. Next time I will have provolone instead of the Whiz. Wings and shake were both spot on.
I really love the burgers at this place, and I used to love the fries. They were always fresh and seasoned with sea salt. Unfortunately tonight I got the most disgusting fries, they were clearly cooked in old oil, and I almost want to venture to say they were frozen fries. I asked for fresher fries, and was given the same ones basically reheated in the same nasty oil. I am not a dramatic person, so believe me when i say I nearly threw up. I haven't tried the burger I bought yet to see if the quality has diminished in that attends too, but I really do feel like this fries situation might be enough to end my relationship with steakenburger. It's really too bad.
Excellent hamburgers and sandwiches and of course wings. Every time I've been here I have not been disappointed.  I tried the fried pickle burger which was delicious.  They were not to packed so we received our food fairly quick.

This is close to work si I will be returning again.
McDonalds has burgers with more flavor then this place...  Literally no taste to it... And the "bacon" looked more like bits of vomit... Graphic yes but that's all that could come to mind after attempting to eat this thing. Just say no.... Trust me your off going to McDonalds, Burger King... Or Wendy's and Ordering from the $1 menu.
Ahh yes, Sardella's and their $5 medium pizza special. The location near 19th Ave and Union is my Sardella's home base. We grab a cheapie medium cheese to go quite often (the price is not good for delivery).

The toppings, ingredients & cheese is much better than what you would find at those national chains.

For a small shop cooked, good medium pizza, you can't beat 5 bucks. Try their ranch dressing as well. It's made in house and is delish.
I don't get all the hype about this place.  It was OK pizza...needed more sauce or flavor or something.
Saredella's Ultimate.  Memories of a time gone by.

Back in the late eighties, my high school friends and I would hold regular Thursday evening get togethers to watch Married With Children and The Simpsons on the fledgeling Fox network.
...and we always ordered a Sardella's Ultimate:
Large Cheese Pizza and 50 wings for 11.99 (back then).

Oh sure, they still sell pizza, and they stil sell wings, but over the years they've gone from a super fresh neighborhood REAL pizza parlor (this is THE original location) to a generic, uneven quality "local-chain" of pizza stores. 

No fancy ingredients: the last time I tried to get a Hawaiian style, they had no Canadian bacon, only ham, not as slices, but tiny diced bits with a yucky flavor, and just as oily as pepporoni would have been, anyway.  No artichoke or banana peppers or anything like that either.

On the positive, they do have cheap deals, and are regular sponsors of local kids' sports teams and other community stuff.  I remember getting a coupon for a free medium pizza when I moved into my house.

I wish the Sardella's family continued success, but hope that someone within recognizes that their restaurants just aren't what they used to be.
I went to Sardella's this afternoon to try their pie (with my fave topping, pepperoni). The restaurant has a cozy feel, the service was fast and friendly, and the pie was good; the cheese, sauce, and quality of the crust was better than what I get at most pizza chains. I'm glad, too, that they managed to keep their prices low.
Good Pizza and Wings.
Good deals for pizza slices for lunch.
2.5 for the pizza 3.5 for the wings 5 for the way it used to be... 

Let me take you back to 1988 on the corner of 19th Ave and Union Hills Rd. There was a Safeway, Walgreen's and Sardellas. They were the new kids to the hood. My wonderful Momz and I were next door getting some useless crap from Walgreen's and the hunger hit. Momz always liked a good pizza. 

We walk into a tiny 1 suite pad and ask for 2 slices of pizza. Mr Sardella (totally Broken English and all) said " I'll-a give-a you-a a whole pie-a if ya tell-a me what-you think-a" 

Momz was no dummy she raised 4 kids, pizza never went to waste. 

We get the whole pie and man was it chewy... no flavor and meh. 

She tells the guy and he starts yelling and hitting David Sardella, " I tol-a you, you touch it too much-a" It was the funniest thing ever. 

Momz ordered pizza from them for over 7 year EVERY Friday for Daycare and several more times a month for dinners. 

My wife ordered from there for almost 10 years EVERY Friday and for huge get togethers we would order Sardellas. BUT ALAS.... 

The pizza got stingy, no great flavor, no great appeal. In fact they are now serving Deer Vally School's the lunches on Monday Wed and Friday. Sardellas has become "school lunch" boo 

Go get a Garlic cheese bread and some wings but skip the pizza. 

They do serve the Deer Valley Schools well, always giving money or hosting events, and I thank them for continuing to give back to the community.
This is a little far from me, but I had a friend bring me their Honey Barbeque wings 1 time. Those were some of the best darn honey bbq wings I've had. Too bad I don't live closer. I'd definitely be coming here more often.
You can always find a decent slice of pizza here.  The sauce and cheese are good, but occasionally applied sparingly.  I usually go with the thick crust.  It is better than the nationwide chains, but at times can be slightly undercooked.
I enjoy good bites for a cheap price.  This little hole of a pizza joint surprised me.  One large pizza for about $10 - almost as good as Little Caesars Hot-n-Ready!  Though I really liked their pizza.  The dough was doughy and the sauce was saucy - yum!  Service was okay, but it was like ordering from a fast food joint - is school out or SB1070 kicked out all the good workers??  My server looked like she was 12 - are we resorting to child labors now?  Anyways, decor was cheap and fast.  Looked like someone thought the 80's were back. - Enjoy!
The Best Pizza, Wings and prices. I love the atmosphere and all the nice employees at all of their locations. My family loves this place!
I love their wings, they are the only wings I actually crave on the planet.  Pizza is pretty good too, but the wings are soooo good.  Good service, nice place.
OK, it's not the best pizza I've ever had, but with all of the competition around them, there is no competing, their pizza is the best. And with the constant promotions like half price Mondays, it's an easy dinner choice. It's way better than any big chain pizza, and the wings are good.
I love Sardella's!! they have great pizza and the winds are great!! they also have a killer monday special (half price pizza!)  this wings are so good they will make you wanna smack your momma!!
The pizza is pretty good especially for the price and they serve a nice size too. My husband and I enjoy the thin crust; I would perfer it be a little more crispy but my husband thinks it's perfect as-is...just the right amount of cooked.
They have recently started mixing up the pizza selection by offering a monthly special which is pretty cool. All and all it's a good everyday pizza joint.
good service, cheap good pizza      PRO TIP,  check in on foursquare and get discount
Been ordering from Sardella's for years. Long before yelp was but a whisper.
Great pizza and wings. I think I have only been let down once, but I even question my memory on that.
Everything always arrives hot when I order delivery.
Love the pizza and the service is fast.

It's a little pricey for me sometimes. I wish there were more deals, like 25 cent wing Wednesday. 

Again the service is really good and the food is good.
I cannot believe I have not written a review for this place yet. It is literally around the corner from my house and I have been quite often. The service is great and the pizza is delicious. Now granted everyone that calls Sardella's, I am sure  their number ultimately locked in but I always feel special when I call and  they are like "Hey Eb, how are you? Are you getting your usual order"? lol.  I especially love their Monday deals in which some of pizzas are 50%. Score! Although one of my favorites is a the large meat lovers for about $12 (not included in the Monday special) It is meaty and delicious! Lord knows how many times I have ordered that one.

So if you happen to be in the neighborhood and you are craving pizza and wings, stop in to this location. I promise you won't be disappointed!
This used to be the best  place in the Valley to get Pizza and Wings. The  pizza is still pretty good but the wings leave something to be desired now. They are extremely dry with hardly any meat on them at all. I have had to complain a few times. I keep getting told the wings depend on the supplier. Time to get a  new supplier I think so you can be the place you used to be. The prices have also gotten pretty expensive.
Pizza is always hot and fresh. We go to Sardellas regularly.  Its better than having it delivered.
Pretty decent pizza. Not the best in the world but light-years ahead of Dominos. On Mondays, pizza is 50% off when you dine in or carry out and it's a great deal. 

Their wings are mighty tasty too.

Can't say I recommend their Sicilian crust, but the hand tossed is pretty darn good.
If you are a pizza person. like me, this is okay chain pizza.
Very good food and a family friendly atmosphere.  Also one of the few places that makes affordable Gluten-free pizza.
Can't believe was told to leave from the 19th ave location almost 10 minutes before closing time when all I wanted was some wings to go. I have commented to their homepage numorous times and plan to continue sharing my experience with this restaurant. I enthusiastically do not endorse this restaurant.  Do not waste your time!
Sorry folks - thought I reviewed this place ages ago. My bad.

We don't go here a lot  - we tend to hop around when it comes to pizza joints. But, it's a pretty decent pie! Fresh and tasty. Mondays are 1/2 off your pie...

Eating in the establishment is our preference - even the 4 minute drive to the house will kill any hope of a crispy wing.

As for the wings - they aren't bad. Suicide is hardly suicide, so don't be scared if you like the upper-levels of heat. You'd be hard pressed to tell the diff between Suicide and Hot. Like every place else, the wings are more expensive than I'd like. I'm just not sure wings are a good value anymore...anywhere.

The staff is friendly and fast - inside AND delivery. So however you wanna do it.
The pizza is terrible, nuff said.
I am happy that much of the menu can be ordered gluten free.  The gf boneless chicken wings rock!  The gf garlic cheese bread is my GO TO.....instead of getting the pizza.  It's $7 vs. way more for the ZA first off.  It's made with Gluten Free Creations crust either way...and the pizza sauce is  boring and toppings are bland.  Stick with the cheese bread with it's cheesy, garlicky goodness and you'll be fine.  Also the salads are fresh and a good value.

I suggest telling them to cook the gf crust options a little less because they tend to arrive a bit overdone.  They carry so much gf due to a family member being gf.  Just wish they (and many others!) would do their own gf crust (like Picazzo's) because the GFC crust is okay but not WOW!  BUT I'm soooooo very glad they carry so much GF!

The regular items are usually a hit at our house too.  The thick crust gets rave reviews.
Yowie !
Great food & wish we could of had a sampler....... a lot to choose from, Chicken Pomodoro (EXCELLENT !)
Pizza is "ok" nothing to rave about unless your a bread lover.I eat from here at least once a week ( work buys us pizza and wings) wings never have that crisp
they're ALWAYS soggy an barley cooked all the way. But hey see for yourself !
Really enjoyed their pizza. Ordered on a Tuesday and the girl informed me it was buy 1 get 1 free that night. Total score! 14.00 for 1 lrg pepperoni and 1 lrg cheese. Going to try the bianca pizza next time.
I have been ordering delivery from Sardellas for years and the occasional eat-in lunch special. 
Used to be 5 stars easy...NOT anymore. 

Last couple of orders were horrible. Paid for extra toppings on one of two pies.
They both came with the same amount!! It also decreased my credibility with my house guests after telling them how good the pizza was.

On another order I had a meatball on a white pizza. No basil was anywhere on the pizza and there was hardly any meatball on the pizza. Each slice had a very tiny blob of meatball no bigger than a penny... if at all. RIP off. 

These are the worst experiences, but the rating is based more on the decline of a once great pizza place.

I really want to know what happened! They used to be so good. I gave them 5 stars in 2011, but over the last year they have gone downhill and I felt it was time to update my review.

No more of my money is going your way!
This was my first experience with Sardella's and it was incredibly disappointing. Ordered the Pomodoro pizza, spicy bbq wings, and honey bbq wings. All were painfully mediocre. I ordered from this location mostly of the lack of good pizza in the area, and wanted something that wasn't Pizza Hut or Dominos. Big mistake. Pizza was bland, wings were typical frozen wings with bbq sauce, blah blah. It was bad. Don't bother. Even Pizza Hut is better which is saying a lot.
Quick update -awhile back Sardella's asked Social Media (facebook if I recall) what toppings we'd like to see added to the choices. Many of us voted for artichoke hearts. Lo and behold, not two weeks later I could order them on my pizza, even online ordering got updated. Nice to see a business that interacts and reacts quickly with their clientele and has a responsive web design/social media team.
Ordered a Pomodoro pizza, it was very, very bland. Instead of a pizza it was more like bread with cheese on it. They used so little sauce that at first I literally thought they forgot to add it or that it didn't come with sauce for some reason. It was honestly tasted like a flat piece of bread with cheese on it : /

Calzone was average, wings were great.

I ordered this from the one on Lake Pleasant Parkway by the way.
When we want takeout pizza, Sardella's is a no-brainer for us.  It is near by so delivery is always HOT and whatever we order arrives fast. Plus the pizza here is good, just not jump up and down pizza good, just good. 

What was ordered: Grand kids are visiting tomorrow so we ordered plenty of food to feed them the next day as well.

Side of meatballs in marinara.  (came with 5 garlic knots)
The meatballs wern't bad same for the marinara sauce. Nothing special but good. Garlic knots hardly had any garlic on them. 
Med. Buffallo Chicken Pizza - hand tossed - good amount of toppings on throughout the pizza
Large Pepperoni & sausage - hand tossed -good amount of toppings on throughout the pizza came with with 20 wings (med.)

PRICE: The prices are reasonable. The prices are fair for the quality
 they are competitive. SERVICE: The guy at the counter was nice and polite. FOOD: WINGS - I am VERY picky about my wings. First bite from one tells me everything I need to know and IF I'll have more. Sardella's wings are big, jucy and not slathered in sauce like some places. They were just right. So If you're craving wings this is a good place because they are better than alot of places out there for wings. PIZZA: Satisfied and fulfilled everyonescraving. The crust is just right, not too thick and not too thin and cooked just right.. The tomato sauce had a nice balance of flavors to itand is perfectly seasoned: MEATBALLS: a little bland the marinara sauce was OK I've had way better. CONCLUSION: Everybody seemed satisfied with their food and I was too.  NOT the best pizza & wings but good. They have good variety on the menu in addition to pizza they have pasta, salads, Calzones and wings!
Wings were good but the blanco pizza with artichoke hearts and chicken was outstanding. Will be returning for a second round.
We were driving in from CA, coming in to visit our friends in AZ.  We got hungry, wanted to grab a bite to eat.  We saw their billboard, which attracted us to check it out.  We pulled up, there were no cars parked in front and they had no customers.  We took a chance anyways. They had a large selection on their menu which was a bit overwhelming to stare up, while the cashier guy just stared at the 4 of us looking clueless.  We would've appreciated some offer of assurance or suggestions.  We ended up getting two large pizzas, and one order of boneless wings.  Don't bother getting the boneless wings cause you might as well just go to McDonalds to get their McChicken nuggets!  Thy didn't look like wings at all.  The buffalo chicken BBQ was a bit on the spicy tangy taste, so I had to pass on that. The other pizza we had there was tomatoes & cheese.  It's def a local pizza joint, they got busier later on.  The pizza was alright, made our hungry tummies content for the time being.
I've grown up being a fan of Sardella's and preferred it over any chain pizza joint. I've always enjoyed their fresh pizza and great wings.
Really great food recommend by hotel- embassy suits north- fast affordable and the spaghetti and meatballs dinner meal could feed a small army!
Love Sardella's Pizza and wings!!  Their buffalo chicken pizza is the best!!  I could eat it EVERY day (if I could).  Always have had great service and food!  Chicken wings are also very good (bit small) but delicious!  I look forward to the days I can eat here :)  I would recommend it to anyone!!
The pizza is decent for the price. Love their Monday 50% off every pizza....can't beat that deal. The garlic knots are awesome and reasonably priced too.
Delicious!
This place was no more than decent. Good deals though, but at the cost of quality I think. I've only ordered once so I could be wrong. Here's what I got:

Suicide wings: 
With a name like that I thought they would be very very hot. They werent. Tasted like normal wings to me but that's okay because they were very tasty. 

Buffalo chicken pizza:
I didn't know this pizza came as squares and I hate squares.. lol. Oh well. Many of the pieces were mostly crust and there was very little chicken on it. The flavor was decent but to bite into it was.....chewy. similar to jerky. It wasn't crisp or satisfying. I won't ever order that again. It was a good price for a medium but I could've spent that money at Dominoes and had an awesome pizza...

Will I order again? Maybe for the wings...but not for the pizza. Maybe the rest of their pizza doesn't suck, who knows. I might order on a Monday to get half off that way if it does suck, it was cheap. Overall, this place was "meh". I only ordered because I wanted wings and for $25 I should've just gone to buffalo wild wings.
Wings were delicious. I would have rated the wings alone 5 stars if they didn't cost $20.  The pizza was delicious, too. Also $20.

Total tab from receipt, including the "Mini Ultimate" discount was $41.36, including a $3 tip and $3 delivery charge. For 1 pizza and wings.

I would have gladly paid $20-25 for a pizza (large pepperoni, onion, mushroom, olive, and sausage) and wings (honey barbecue) that tasted like this. The icing on the cake would have been actually getting the tomatoes they charged me $1.70 for but didn't include.

I would not recommend this place unless you have extra money burning a hole in your pocket and don't mind being ripped off. The girl that answered the phone had a super friendly voice and was super condescending.  The delivery man complained about how hard the place was to find and griped about the drive.  

The food isn't bad, and I'd recommend this place if the service wasn't so poor and the food so overpriced.
Delicious food and friendly service can't go wrong with good food and great service! What else do you want? Clowns??
I remember eating this pizza everyday at Barry Goldwater in high school as they had it for lunch at the cafeteria.  The pizza is really good and is definitely worth checking out, as it's not too pricey.
For the price, the pizzas is pretty good. A WHOLE lot better than Dominos, which costs about the same. Their wings are good too. Unfortunately they raised prices recently. Wings are a bit on the high side but the pizza is still competitively priced. Still pretty good pizza.
I use these guys for delivery, OK on prices but I gotta say I have experienced some sticker shock on occasion. My favorite thing? Believe it or not, the salads are pretty decent, although you could get more for your $$. Pizza? Eh! Just OK... Wings? Don't go by me, I'm a thigh man.
Ok, I am biased because I went to them soliciting a donation for our school's Red Ribbon Week, and they were one of the few businesses who generously donated.  I love that they are a family business.  I like their pizza, but I REALLY like their wings.  I ordered them hot, and they were the perfect.  The right amount of sauce, too (I hate when the sauce is skimpy).  I am picky when it comes to hot wings, so I'm glad I tried them out.
The Best Pizza, Wings and prices. I love the atmosphere and all the nice employees at all of their locations. My family loves this place!
AMAZING! Very happy. I didn't actually get to enjoy the pizza, because I called from out of state for my friends that had a dead battery and had not eaten all day. 

All I have to say is that this place was great. After I told them about the situation and that I was out of state, but ordering for people that were there, they were extremely accommodating. Took us a minute to get through the credit card thing, so I would suggest ordering and having the people pay with cash if they can, or get the credit card of the people picking it up. But all in all, the hungry guys got their food, and said that it was wonderful. 

I recommend this place, even though I haven't eaten there. If I am ever in Glendale AZ...
Oh Sardella's how I love you. This is the only pizza we ever eat. The crust, sauce and cheese are a perfect  harmony. We always get delivery and when the pizza arrives it's always fresh,hot and gooey. The Gold Fever wings are awesome a honey mustard with a kick. Honey BBQ is great too. It is a little on the pricey side though..for delivery of a large pepperoni, xtra cheese and 20 wings its about $30. They do charge a small delivery fee, I think it's $2.50. If you don't want to cook, order Sardella's.
Try the Pomodoro - tomato, basil, garlic, ricotta, and Italian spices.  It's quite good!

We grabbed a pizza from here last Monday - ALL pizzas (including the specialty ones) are half off on Mondays.  That's a terrific deal, so we got a piping hot Medium Pomodoro for less than $5 after tax - yeah, less than I would pay for a frozen DiGiornio's cheese pizza at Fry's around the corner.  

If you're going to use this deal, be aware that your order needs to be over $10 to order online, and they don't process credit cards on their website for pickup orders.  They tell you both of these important pieces of information at the VERY LAST stage in the ordering process.  Oops.  

So just call 20 minutes ahead of time, pick it up, and enjoy that rare gem - cheap, delicious pizza.
I had them deliver four pizzas for an event with a client in their area. Delivery was fine and the price was within reason, but I've never had a more bland pizza in my life. The sauce had zero flavor. Horrible!
Sardella's is just ok. My biggest complaint is in the value. They charge $1.50 per topping on a large pizza and then REALLY SKIMP on them. The other day I ordered a large pepperoni, onion, mushroom , hot pepper and had it delivered. With delivery charge and a decent tip this was $25. I was shocked when I opened the box to find a total of 8 hot pepper rings on the entire pizza. The other toppings were nearly as sparse. I figure for 1.50 per topping, they could at least put 2-3 of everything on each slice of pie. Not a dismal 1. I probably wont spend my money here again.
Called to order the Mini Ultimate and was told they no longer have Gold Fever wings..bummer. They were our favorite.
Loved my spaghetti with meatballs.  Others had calzones.  Only comments...would have preferred traditional garlic bread with spaghetti instead of garlic knots but daughter loved garlic knots.  Son-in-law paid $1 extra for olives in calzone but they forgot.  Great way to get Italian food other than pizza after restaurants have closed.  I ordered extra meatballs and I had enough for left overs the next day.  Reheated spaghetti sauce was even better.
Waitin for takeout i see a dine in customer go up to the counter. One of the workers talks to customer then yelled to another worker " you messed up again!" im thinkin oh geez i hope they didnt screw my order up too. Sure enough... I got thin crust when i had asked for hand tossed. 

Even though the girl who took my order was sugary sweet, Still not a good first impression that they cant work together to do things accurately.

as for the pizza: It really looked appetizing but the cheese overpowered everything, very strong orange cheese type flavor. It was so dry I didnt taste the sauce at all.
If you're looking for pizza that doesn't sacrifice taste for price, head to Sardella's. Even their topping-naked cheese pizza has a good blend of flavor. If you go in on a Monday, you'll be happy to find most food half-price. It makes Sardella's a Monday-must for me, most weeks.

Their 2-slice and drink lunch special makes for a filling meal at the same pricetag as most pizza joints' single slices. My only complaint is that it isn't as fast as it could be, given its name. I'm willing to wait a few minutes for pizza if it's Sardellas, though. Order some garlic knots while you're waiting. They're don't skimp on the garlic.
The staff is great and the food is even better. We've been twice since moving to AZ and each time the pizza was fantastic!!
Pretty good pizza for not a lot of money.  Seating is nothing fancy.  We were there on a Friday night and the place was busy from the time we walked in until we left.  I thought we would have a longer wait for our order since they were so busy but no - pizza was delivered much faster than expected.  We will be back!
Went for dinner and brought a few buddies of mine along. Told them how great of service I always got there. We ended up having to wait a few minutes for my pizza because they messed up the toppings, but all of a sudden they said they were making me a new pizza and to keep the other one as well :-) was very happy, and then to top it off for having to wait still for the new pizza, which wasn't necessary but greatly appreciated,  they ended up being us out dessert to. Made the night perfect.  We were very full, and very happy with the service and how they took care of their customers!  They will remain my favorite pizza place to go!
This is, hands down, our favorite pizza place.  Never tried the pasta or wings so can't comment on that, but the pizza is fabulous, and even more so on Monday at half price.  We generally get a couple of large pizzas whenever we go in, as we live so far away, and we take home what's left after a meal and freeze it.  It's just as wonderful reheated.  We always take our out-of-town company up there too.
Their chicken wings are very yummy and very meaty. The pizza was so good and the service was great. I love the fact that the pineapple was juicy and not dry, that's such a Pet peeve for me when getting pizza. Also, tried the garlic knots, not a new concept I get them all the time when I eat at my local pizzeria in California. I love the fact that they had whole garlic on it but I wish the knots itself would be a little softer. Would get them again though :)
Haven't ever order from Sardello's before. The email confirm said the order was placed & paid for it at 6:30pm with 54  minutes delivery time. However the food never arrived. I just called back a 9:30 pm (3 hours later) to check on the pie order. The guy tells me they have a wrong address but a right phone number. They clamied to have called to confirm the address but my cell phone shows, no incoming calls from Sardella's. If didn't leave a message.  I discussed my disappointment with the lack of a followup and no pizza thr  or remedies for a first time customer, out four hours of time. I will ee hours later. They offered no remedies or apologies to appease the situation. They just asked if I still wanted to order the pizza. Not sure about these guys. Reserving an extra star because I haven't tasted the pie yet. I still ordered it but was put off by the lack of ownership of the situation. Bad first time experience.
I found the food here to be comparable to the food you might get at a Chuck E Cheese or something similar. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't super great, and it reminded me of the kind of food I used to get as a kid at event places. The pizza was tasty, but it was a little doughy, completely smothered in cheese, and light on the sauce. While I enjoyed it, it was a little blah. I got the boneless wings with the spicy BBQ sauce, and my boyfriend got the medium hot wings (bone-in). I was very disappointed that my boneless wings came with the sauce on the side, which left me with the feeling that I was eating chicken nuggets from McDonald's. I'm not the biggest fan of bone-in wings, but my boyfriend let me try some of his, and they were pretty good. Last, but not least, we tried some of the famous garlic knots that are supposed to be oh-so-good. In my opinion, they were undercooked bland pieces of dough slathered in some form of fake butter with bits of garlic sprinkled on top, in my boyfriend's friend's opinion, they were the best thing on the table....so to each his own, I suppose.
Good Pizza and Wings. I'd rather have Sardella's than Pizza Hut or Domino's.
They also have great week day specials.  Excellent customer service is a plus!!!!
great place, staff and food, plus 50% off every monday on pizzas and toppings.
First time here...came here for lunch with our son's basketball game before their game. We ordered a thin crust pepperoni pizza and garlic knots...both were delicious...food came fast...good service and good price.
I love sardellas pizza. I have been eating this pizza since I was a kid. Never had a bad pizza yet.
Church's has way better food than KFC, in both selection and flavor, not to mention a better price.
This one is a small store that gets busy, so they are a little slow at times.
The crew at this Church's is hard working, and there are never any quality issues.
The honey-butter biscuits are better than the other guy's too, but they recently stopped having packets of honey available for dripping over them (they say they have more honey cooked onto the biscuit now).
I have been patronizing this location for over ten years and during that time their prices have really gone up as well. 

However, they do have some good specials sometimes and if you ever land a coupon that really helps as well.

The quality of the food has gone down a little.  I am not sure if they are using different cooking oil or what but Church's Chicken is not what it used to be back in the day.

But when I want me some greasy chicken and french fries this is the place.

Prices for an individual meal are perfect.  Once you start buying for a family be careful because it adds up quick !

The customer service here is not too bad.  They are hard working.  However, depending on who the manager on duty is at the time dictates the quality of service.

Very small location.  Very busy at times.

Church's Chicken ( This Location ) I'm a fan !
I've been going out of my way to go to Church's lately rather than KFC because Church's doesn't tend to make me sick. Which is great. 

This isn't really a good location to sit-down at but for anything to-go I am always treated well and the prices are good. If they are out of something and I have to wait, they will usually hook me up with a soda or some extra biscuits for the wait without even having to ask, which is something most places just don't have the sense of service to do anymore.

Lost a star because the place could be cleaner, but it's not that bad.

Give them a try instead of KFC next time!
Usually Church's is ok food.  Tonight the service and the food were the worst I have had anywhere in months.  I guess its because all the employees were paying more attention  to the basketball game and not to the customers.  They told me my extra long wait was for my fries, but when I got them, they were luke warm,.  confusing since I was told they just came out of the fryer.  The girl at the counter called me when my order was ready, but gave me only half of what I wanted.   Then, when she finally assembled the order, they put it in a bag so small, it would not hold everything.  When I got home, I found that the extra biscuit I had ordered had my jalapeno in the same bag.  All the jalapeno juice had leaked onto the biscuit, so i had a sack of wet dough.  It just annoys me to no end when employees will not pay attention th why customers come to their restaurants.  I eat out 85% of my meals, and I can go anywhere.  I happen to like chicken, but am tires of Church's and their give a shit attitude towards the customer.  I know I spend too much on Fast food, but that is what these people want.  Stay away from this one, It is ridiculous.
I managed to resist China Harvest Buffet over there, so the diet should be fine...     :-)

Uh oh!  What's that yellow sign up there on the left?     :-O

So I whipped into this nice Church's for the usual, a 2-Piece Meal which gives you a big chicken leg & thigh (Spicy Style in my case), mashed potatoes & gravy, and a drop biscuit with spread.

Things were less than perfect for me at this particular Church's today:

*  The service was weak.  I wasn't thanked for my business, and had to ask several times for some spread for the biscuit, which girl was going to "go get" while my biscuit got cold.  Also had to ask for salt & pepper, which they had hidden under the counter, unlike at other Church's.

*  The seat of my chair was fall-off loose, & someone could break their neck just sitting on it!

= = = = = =

It wasn't all bad:

*  The bathroom was clean & properly set up & stocked.

*  My lunch was served up piping hot & delicious!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)

*  The value was terrific at $1.99 for everything, & girl even gave me an ad with an identical replacement coupon, just in case I ever mess up again on the diet.     :-)
Been to this location several times. It's small but the staff has always been friendly and the food out as ordered in a timely manner.
i always go to the one on 19th ave and Peoria in phx, well i was in the area for this church's and it was a to go and i ask for the 10 pcs only, all spicy but 1 breast, AND i ask for 3 breast and 7 legs spicy.. When i got home i got 3 thighs 4 legs none spicy. Gross. so i will go out of my way to go to my favorite churches.

the staff was very nice and the manager was very quick in outing my order together.  

so i called him and he told me to come back, but i needed to be some wheres at a certain time so he told me to come back with the receipt, ummmmmmmmmmm i will probably pass on this, choke it up as a loss.

thats good that u all like this place, no hard feeling to any one. Just putting it out there( check your order before you leave), my son always tells me that. i never had to at my spot.
I came here for a quick stop to get some strips to snack on throughout the night. It is definitely fast food like you'd expect. While I can't say it is bad, I also can't say it was good.

Next time I will stick to Cane's instead of using Church's.
I hate to admit it, but yes, I do eat here occasionally.  About once every couple of months I break all the rules and get some junk food during lunchtime at work.  I happen to love fried chicken and it just so happens that this place is about a ten second drive from my office and is really the only place around.

I get the same thing every time I go:  the chicken strips with ranch dipping sauce and a giant diet coke.  SOOOO good but SOOOO bad for me.  It screws up my stomach for about a day and I always swear I'll never go back but I always do.

It is a bit on the expensive side for fried strips of chicken but whatever.  It is quick and easy and the people that work there are always friendly and quick with your order.
worst service EVER. why hasnt this placed closed? why is it still open?? 
never get my order right worst service
Excellent chicken tenders and biscuits.  I also like the fish combo they have for Lent.

Lobby was nice and clean.
If you can get past the fact that most Church's are located in pretty ghetto areas, it's a decent place to get fried chicken.

I hadn't been to a Church's in probably 20 years and I don't know that I'll return anytime in the next two decades.

Overall, Church's is crispier than KFC but not as flavorful as Popeye's. It tasted good, but its nothing special. 

Similarly, service was... serviceable. They took my order and money and got my food.

If you want basic fried chicken this is a place for you.
Food was good, fresh and hot. Customer service was solid, but the location is pretty dresdful.
This place probably isn't the typical Long Wongs. It's not in the best neighborhood and had a sign at the counter that said "this isn't Burger King. You don't get it your way. You get it our way." I ordered fish and chips which the menu wall said was batter dipped. I was served beaded fish sticks...(no kidding), like we had in the 70's but they're served with a side of wing sauce. I didn't try that combo though. My husband had wings and said they were average. Fries were pretty limp. Booths were dirty and uncomfortable. I don't know how yelp decided this was a Chinese place. It's everything but.
Their hours say that they close at 10pm Friday -Sunday  ... I called around 9pm on a Saturday to make sure they will be still open , girl picked up & said they will be open until 10pm .... When I called I was right around the corner & the open sign was still on & two girl employees where standing in front of the counter & saw me.. The door was locked & they saw me try to open the door & they laughed & left me outside!!  I even waited 5 minutes for them but never came to the door!   Wings are great but i will NEVER come to this location again !!!!!
Okay, so I'm realllyyyyy freaking picky when it comes to my wings. I don't do Hooters wings. I don't do Buffalo Wild Wings. I don't do Pizza Hut wings. I think I've only had one dozen wings that I went kind of nuts over... and that was yesterday at Long Wong's.

Luckily, one of my girlfriends knew how ridiculous I am when it comes to wings but insisted we check this place out. Ghetto area. The girl at the counter wore black lipliner. The customers looked like they just got out of prison...

HOWEVER! The wings were out of this world. Saucy, full of flavor, and cheap. Extra veggies, extra ranch... no charge. We ate so many wings + chili cheese fries, and I felt like a heffer when we were done. SUCCESS!
BEST wings in town. Even when I didn't live in the neighborhood I drove 20 minutes to buy wings. Awesome staff. Wings ALWAYS made to my liking and very crispy. My kids all agree and we come here at least 2-3 times a month  everything on the menu is GREAT. cheese stix, salad, burgers and everything are delicious.
I came across this place craving wings, as I walk in I see a cashier with a what do you want face. She did not greeted us. I look at the menu (on the wall)to see what can I have I ask cashier what she recommendes she carelessly with a smirk on her  face say I dont know....wtf... you work here and you dont know what is good what kind of service is that. I totally ignore her ok its 6 of  us at home just give me a  mini bucket of suicide wings.  The flavor on wings were ok, good flavor thats why I give a one  star cause if it to customer service ill give no star. They seriously need to get rid of her.
We were also in a lazy mood and ordered in... The pizza came more quickly than we had anticipated! Which was good because we were hungry... About 3 bites in a found a long dark hair in my pizza... My wife trying to make me feel better assured me that it was probably hers. We both knew it wasn't. We started feeling much less hungry and as my wife went to throw the rest of the pizza away she found a big, black, nasty fly baked right in... Yum! 

Maybe they were just having a bad day... But regardless we won't be ordering from them again... My wife makes better homemade pizza anyways...
It was good while we were there for a stop over in Phoenix.
It's nitty, it's gritty, the food is AWESOME and the clientile & staff is straight hood! It's in the middle of the REAL south side of Phoenix right off of Central & Baseline. It's crazy awesome. At first glance ifs pretty colorful and kind of cool, if it were wiped down with rags dampened with clorox! LOL! 

This is TOTALLY my kind of place!! Its straight hood! It's in a strip mall and is between a Chinese food place and a day labor place. It's kind of crazy there. If you're dining after dark I FULLY recommend ordering things to go because there's been shootings there before. Two that I know of, but YO she shouldn't have looked at her like that! GAH! JK! 

There are a few retro video games there and a couple of pool tables and there's also a bar in the back! (yay!!) but the bar scene isn't that great. But the booze is cheap! (double yay!)

Like all Long Wongs, this place is known for their hot wings which are made fast, cheap & delicious! their suicide wings are the owner's pride and joy and trust me... they're HOTT!! I once downed an entire pitcher of Margaritas while scarfing on a dozen trying to win a bet. And at the end of the night, I prevailed while holding my head up HIGH before I crashed down to the floor cuz I was trashed! 

They have the usual greasy spoon food and it's all at fair prices. They also have bbq and solid dinners. Like speghetti or steak dinners. I'm a huge fan of their fried zucchini. 

This place is very rough around the edges but it's still the small neighboor place that it was intended to be. Where those in know which side of the menu to order from. Where drunks get trashed in the back room bar. Where hustlers get gullable rez girls (like me) to bet them $20 a ball at some 8ball. where sometimes fights break out - but it's not a terrible thing. I don't know how to explain it... Its home. It's rough, it's the hood but the people are real. There is NO pretention in this place. It's straight up good food at straight up good prices. You can have a great time here - I have had many... just keep an eye on your purse.
I love the hot wings here more than hemorrhoids love buttholes! I've been to other long wong's as well, and these are hands down the best. Friendly service, delicious entrees = heaven! Worth the drive fo' sho'
I was out on errands & getting hungry, so I stopped into this place today for lunch.  I see these "Long Wong's" places all over town, but this is the first time I've tried one of them.  Here's how it was at this one:

First off, it's a real dump, ala Taco Bite.  Part of the menu is up on a board behind the counter, & the rest is strewn around all over the walls & on erasable boards.

I ordered a "Special" from the listless counter girl, which was promoted as 6 hot chicken wings & a cheeseburger for $4.95.  You have to pay BEFORE they fix the food, & before you can beg to go to the bathroom to wash your hands.  (It lives behind a locked hallway door that has a big sign on it saying that you can't use the bathroom!)

They wouldn't trust me with the hallway-to-the-bathroom door key, but instead I had to wait for girl to go let me in!  Once inside the bathroom, it's a good thing I didn't have to go, because not only doesn't the door lock, it doesn't even CLOSE!  You pull it closed & it opens back up a foot or two, I guess so that the staff can keep an eye on you in there!

Back out in the dining room, I took a seat in a booth.  Next to it was a window with big, heavy bars on it like a jail!  I brought a book to read, but I couldn't hear myself think, because the TV on the wall was blabbing out, so I sat.  It was cold in there, too.  It's no wonder they make you pay first!  Otherwise I would have left.

So then in a little while girl brought out my food.  The cheeseburger bun was REFRIGERATOR COLD, & the "6 wings" were actually THREE, because they count each side of the wing as a wing.  Also, they were the tiniest chicken wing pieces I have ever seen, not more than 2 inches long each.

After eating this dinky meal my fingers were all gooey, but I didn't feel like going through the hassle of trying to get girl to let me into the bathroom again to wash my hands, so I drove home with them like that.  When I got home, I washed my hands & fixed myself something to eat.

Eek!
Recently moved to Baseline and was always a customer of the Original Long Wongs on McDowell and 28th street....but I have to say the wings here are better.  These wings had a lot of meat on em, service was friendly and the place is a bit of a dive..but the food is great!!
WOOHOO!  Wings that are meaty enough to be worth the price and spicy enough to satisfy!

Driving up, the address and strip mall are screaming "Don't get out of your vehicle here" GHETTO...but since I am a white boy trained in brazilian jui jitsu, I am not worried.  I got out of the truck, acknowledged the skaters and gang bangers and proceeded to the door of the restaurant.  

On walking in, the menu items and prices are written on the wall in magic marker.  Some have been changed, some have been removed, and some have been made into weekly specials.  This night, a dozen wings is going for $6.50 before tax.  I place my order and proceed to wander around the empty dining room.  It is clean and spartan...a jukebox that advertises free play...several 1980's vintage video games...no restroom  available...

When I ordered suicidal wings, the lady behind the counter asked if I was sure about suicidal...that I might want to try hot first.  Being a reckless and brave person, I reconfirmed suicidal.  She told me that the order would take a few minutes, and asked if I minded seeds in the wing sauce.  I let her know that if seeds were required for hot wings, I would be OK with them.

The wings are hot, fresh and generous...I have been gratified to have to put 3 bites into cleaning the meat and skin off the wings.  They are hot in seasoning and temperature...I could only get through half an order before having to switch to tortillas, carrots and ranch dressing to cool the fire.  

Forehead sweating...tears in my eyes...Marcia's Long Wongs got it right.

Give 'em a try...even tho the restaurant screams GHETTO.
Good wings and good burgers!
Ordered the family pack which included 25 wings, fries and garlic bread.  When I checked my order the fries were cold.  I asked the lady can I please have some fresh french fries.  She immediately got an attitude and told me they was not cold.  She did take them back with an attitude and gave me some fresh ones with salt and I said no salt.  I didn't want to address the issue again, so I took them. The fries were salty and the wings tasted as if they were sitting there and hot sauce was applied to them. Not to mention the garlic bread didn't even have any garlic butter whatever just toasted. The wings were very small. Very disappointment, customer service very poor and food was not good. Will never visit this location again!
My family loves this place! Everytime we go our experience has been great!! We get the honey hot wings extra crispy and the kiddies love the jalapeno popper burger! The fries, mozzarella sticks, onion rings, mushrooms & zucchini are all pretty tasty. The place looks ghetto and don't be surprised to get hit up for spare change outside. The booths & chairs are ratchet so we've always took our food to go. What they lack in looks and charm they make up for in taste as far as I'm concerned.
Why only 3 stars? 

Food: 4 stars
Atmosphere: 2 stars
Staff:1

Food was very tasteful. The sauce is AMAZING! that's about it. I usually order the Family Pack #2. it comes with Wings, Garlic Bread, and Fries.
i detest how the wings are nothing but bone! where is the meat!?

Atmosphere needs a definite boost. I get it, its in South Phx. but does it have to look like it on the inside? I would enjoy coming more often if it was cleaned often...

Staff....... RUDE. Hire new ppl Marcia!

I still ate my Family meal. Sticking to their take out from now on.
Well....I got sucked in. I already dislike Domino's to begin with...But I have been seeing all those commercials where they are bagging on themselves and saying how the pizza is completely new and improved. 

Well that's a load of Horse $h!t. 

We ordered a pizza last night because I am a bad wife and haven't gone grocery shopping. I say to the hubs, hey lets give it a shot. He moans in disgust. I say, well they say its completely new and improved, lets just try it out. 

We ordered on line. That was really cool. You can follow your order in the shop while they are making it. We even knew our delivery drivers name before he got to our door because the update told us his name and that he just left. That's rad...I would give Domino's a 3 just on this alone! 

We ordered their new pizza with the special crust and then new fancy sauce. Kept it simple and just got pepperoni on it. We also got an order of cheese bread sticks and some of there boneless chicken kicker things. 

The chicken kickers were tasty. I really liked the dipping sauce. 

The cheese bread was yummy as well! 

The new fan-dangled pizza....HOLY GROSS!!! Same old Domino's people... 

Do not get sucked into the hype of that dumb commercial. 

The commercial should go more like: 
Hey we have been getting complaints that our pizza sucks. 
So we changed it up and guess what PIZZA STILL SUCKS! 

Our cat that always begs for food didn't even come around asking for pizza. That's pretty bad, that cat will eat anything! In fact, from now on, any take out we get will have a Tuki (our cat) rating on it. 

Tuki gives this zero stars, as he didn't even want it near him.
Holy Atomic Pile of Sh!t Batman!!!!
This stuff sucks.... Like the previous reviewer I got sucked in by the commercials. Plus they were the only ones open at 9:50PM for delivery. Else we would have done Barro's Pizza, which by the way is awesome!

Yes the website makes the process look cool but it is 2010 and I know high school kids with flashplayer skills that can do the same thing.

On to the food review!

We ordered a thin crust cali bacon chicken ranch pizza with mild chicken wings, cheesy bread, and that chocolate crunch cake thingy. 

The Pizza and Bread... Tasted like they put tons of salt on it. I was hoping that the additional green peppers, onioins, and mushroom would give it some flavor but I would not  have noticed they were there if I did not order it. The crust was all right but how do you screw up a thin-crust? Let's not hold them to that though...

The cheesy bread was cheesy, crappy, and salty all rolled into one. 

The chicken wings were not as cooked as I would have liked which made it even more gross.  There was a lot of skin on them. GROSS GROSS GROSS!!!  I am not sure what kind of sauce they put on it but it looked like watered down ketchup and it just looked plain nasty. It did not look appetizing at all! On a normal day I can throw down a double order of wings with no problem but with this I only ate 2 pieces and said to myself "what a waste of money." 

The chocolate crunchy thing tasted okay but it was very sweet. I might be diabetic now because of it. 

Next time it's late and no one is open for delivery then I will either starve or get my lazy as up and drive somewhere that is open. Considering In-n-Out and Denny's is right down the street from me I definitely wasted my money. 

If you enjoy wasting money on pooh then by all mean go for it.

I would give this place negative stars if I could.
I always have a good time here.

Karaoke Steve is the nicest and the bartenders are great.

Stay away. Its too drunk collar for most of you and you'll be taking up table space..
Don't judge a book by it's cover... 
I have lived in the Chandler/Gilbert area for many years and I would have never thought to go in this place. It is in a rougher part of Chandler and seems a little sketchy from the front. We ere feeling adventurous and decided to give it a try. 
Once inside it was very pleasantly surprised. It was so clean! Don't get me wrong it is defiantly a dive bar, but a very well kept one. It didn't even smell like a bar. They have pool tables and lots of seating. The bartenders were very friendly. This is a great place to go if you are looking to hide out and have some drinks and shoot some pool. They have karoke on Friday and Saturday nights. They serve standard fried bar  food, but they allow you to bring in food from Chilly Billy's next door. 
Give it a try. No need for dressing up...
Thanks Yelper's for your comments because I had to check this place out.  I'm so glad we did.  We went this evening for Karaoke with some friends and we all had a great time.  First time in a long time that I've stayed until almost closing.  

The bartenders were great, drink prices were average but the customers are what made the bar rock the most.  By the end of the night we knew some of the patrons names.  Found out we had missed their BBQ they had earlier in the evening.  

Neighborhood bars rock!  They made some awesome margaritas and had the cleanest bathrooms I've ever seen.
Had a couple beers at this out of the way dive bar.  Rough crowd.
When I left this place the bartender threw her fist up in the air and told me to go take on the world. How cool is that?

I was impressed by how clean it was inside.  Plus they have craft beer on tap for $3.  Need I say more?
One word: Autofry, another word: karaoke, two more words: wood paneling. 480 is an awesome dive bar with great characters, cheap drinks and friendly staff. Perfect when you want to slap on some jeans and a tshirt and not worry if you look good, just drink and have a great time.
the 480 is a great bar! 

come check me out sing some karaoke
Great little place for cold beer after work! Go visit Sherry the bartender Wednesday thru Friday 11:00 - 6:00pm (and every other weekend days)! Not only is she hot but she's quick with your drinks and always friendly.

Bar food is a bit limited and is going to be deep fried, but they do good lunch specials everyday.
I obviously can only give a Domino's a 3 star rating or else what would you think of me? but seriously Domino's is at least edible after decades of being part of the box it was delivered in. The cheese is stringy and tastes like real cheese, and the sauce actually tastes pretty good. Overall, I will at least consider Domino's for pizza when I want something quick and in a hurry.
I only give Dominos a second star because I love the pizza, but the customer service at this location is enough to make me give my money to Pizza Hut, Nellos, Papa Johns, or any of the other countless pizza joints within a 2 block radius.  My first experience at this location, I walked in and the manager was straight rude the entire time...even told me the pizza is not supposed to look like the picture..shortly after they came out with their take a picture promotion..lol joke was on him I guess. The district manager called me back and basically argued with me over the service I received.  I decided to go back last night (over a year later) to try my hand again.  Walked in, manager is still the same, one employee was standing staring at the computer screen in front of my face, said nothing.  3 other employees walk up and stare at the same computer screen, again nothing. Mind you I am standing 5 feet away from them with the counter and glass separating us.  They all have looked at me by now and are staring back at the computer screen.  Must be something super interesting.  Finally about 3 minutes later, one looks up at me again and says "someone help her".  About a minute later one of them finally looks at me with a " What do you want?" look on his face.  I said I am here to pick up an order for Megan Williams.  One looks for my pizza hands it to me and they all just go about their  business.  Not one word was spoken to me by any of the 4 employees in the store.  No thank you, have a nice night, thanks for the order, NADA!  OMG I have never experienced anything like that in my life and I have had some baaaaad experiences.  The staff at this location needs to be torn down from the bottom up and rebuilt.  There is better pizza around and closer. I suggest Nellos.  A bit pricier but the pizza is unique and the service is always awesome.  Very friendly...worth the extra money... If you are looking for cheap go with Lil Ceasers They are close as well
Price is right, but food quality is blahhhhhh.  I succumbed to the TV advertising and went to try again.  I was disappointed.  I got a large 3 topping hand tossed pizza.  Crust was crappy, sauce was crappy, and toppings were OK but sparse.  I would rather pay a higher price and get a better pizza.  I also got  16 piece box of boneless chicken too.  That was pretty horrible -- just dry pieces of breast meat breaded and fried.  Very dry and even though the breading was seasoned, it still was crummy tasting.  I think it would have been better with batter instead of breading.  Oh well, you get what you pay for.  These days, all pizza is not worth the money.  For approximately the same price, you can get a full meal at other restaurants.  The only saving grace to pizza is that it is finger and convenience food. But that is about it.
Worse experience ever. Doesn't even deserve one star.

For some reason I was craving pizza, and since dominos is closest I decided to just go there and pick up a pizza.

All I ordered was two small one topping pizzas and pizza bites. Well I was there for over 40 minutes waiting. I saw that the guy had forgot to put in the order which contributed to the long wait, but he didn't care.

When I finally got my order, the pizza was cold, and I was pissed off from waiting for so long. When I brought this to his attention he just said "sorry" and walked away.

Maybe if the pizza was decent, I would have been semi-appeased about the situation. But it wasn't, and I wasn't.

In the future, get your pizza from somewhere else, because this place was awful.
I can deal with a long delivery time ( it's called being busy, it happens to everyone), I can NOT deal with being lied to TWICE!!!. Called after an hour to check status of delivery, " Your pizza is on it's way" (lie). 15 minutes later....same response " it should be there any minute" (lie). 10 minutes later...."So sorry, should be leaving in 15 minutes" Are you kidding me?  Never again will Domino's receive my patronage.
I just tried this place at the behest of a young lady who was craving hot wings of all things (No, we're not expecting) and low and behold the wings were actually pretty damn good.

If I recall correctly they have Mild, Medium, Hot, and Suicide. She chose the Mild while I chose the Suicide (No, we're not expecting, dammit!), yet here I am Yelping about this place, so obviously they weren't that hot...or "suicidal" I mean. But then again I was raised on spicy food, so keep that in mind. At any rate, the taste of the glaze was good...very good.

They also had burgers, hot dogs, and other all-American greats on the menu. The price was cheap and the appearance and cleanliness of this establishment was on point.

I will be going back; I suggest you give this joint a try. No, I don't mean it that way.
My husband and I were craving wings a few weeks ago and decided that this Long Wongs was the place to go.  Or, more likely that this was the only Long Wongs nearby and we were banking on the name of the establishment since other Long Wongs have some great food.  We walked in and immediately felt a bit icky by the dirty feel of the whole place.  We were so hungry that we went ahead and orderd two dozen wings from the girl at  the counter.  She appeared bored and unenthusiastic.  We found seats at a table and waited a LONG time for our order.  During this time of waiting, my eyes wandered around the dirty floor...the sticky table.....the drab furnishings.  We began to wonder if our order had been forgotten.  When we inquired about our food we were told that it would be ready soon and it was.  I think they made it when we asked.  The wings were just okay.  The whole experience was a let down and we will make sure to keep driving when we pass by this Long Wongs.
I used to live fairly close to this long wongs and frequently ordered food from there. I would always take the food to go as the inside of the restaurant left alot to be desired. My biggest concern was if the cleanliest of the seating area of the place, extended into the kitchen as well. The food was always good and was always what I expected but I never wanted to stay for long as the inside of the restaurant was always dirty.

I would give the food a 4 and the restaurant a 1 if I could separate the rating system.
The wings are eh.... sometimes they taste good and sometimes they can be a bit of a let down. But its cheap. That is pretty much the only positive thing I can say about this place..yet I keep going back... 

The customer service sucks. 
One night, when it wasn't very busy at all they took a very long time to make the orders, I was with a few friends and we each did not order many wings yet for some reason the order took almost over 30 minutes. And the man, or should I say boy behind the counter was very unapologetic, even had the nerve to say I had to pay for an extra side of ranch when I asked for one. I work at a pizza place and if I know a customer has been waiting a long time for their order I would not charge them for extra ranch and I even offer them a free drink while they're waiting. 

I know Yelp frowns upon reviews about others experiences besides the yelp users but my friend also had a bad experience at this restaurant. She called about an hour before closing, which is enough time for them to make wings and her to come pick it up is it not? So she called, and the phone rang..and rang.....and rang until someone answered. The man answered very rudely and when she asked if they were still taking orders he responded "I answered the phone didn't I?" HORRIBLE customer service. I think management really needs to work on their employees customer service skills. Matter of fact the entire place needs a reboot because it looks very rundown and uninviting. 

Yet... upon occasion, I still eat there. Probably not worth it. But at least it will give me plenty more reviews to put on Yelp ;)
love the one that use to be on mill, such memories.
Best wings ever!! Love to order the family pack which is very affordable.
NOT the most attractive place. it could definitely use a remodel or something . The only annoying thing is they dont accept credit/debit cards.

GREAT food . They just need to keep up on the times.
The food was pretty good, but the service is horrible, and VERY VERY VERY VERY SLOW!!!!!!!
This place has changed ownership MANY times, been going thee for years until today.  Last two meals were bad, cold, soggy.  wings are small and sauces are not as hot as other places (suicide is franks red hot with cayenne in it...whoopeeee!).
today I had to get a refund on the Hot Dog after 22 minutes, they said "the cheese takes extra time"  made me late for work.  the pita was cold and soggy and when I got home wife threw it in trash.  Too Bad, thsi used to be a great place for cheap, good food...maybe the next owner will mop the floor and improve food
Had the honey hot wings, it wasn't bad, just mediocre. My search for a mom and pop great hot wings. So far no one has come close to Buffalo Wild Wings, but they're a franchise :( anyone knows of great hot wings, please let me know?
As life has literally taken me in a different direction, I completely forgot about Long Wongs.  Forgotten until mentioned by my son. I called, ordered the Hot Bucket, and he made the "run."  Our wings were fresh and piping hot!  My son said they've remodeled - good for them!  The old place was dark and dingy - used to give me the "creeps."  Still cash only.
This is for the take out... It's always our go to place at least once when we come into town to visit grandma. Thinking that our palates had changed as we grew older .. Wrong! Either that or we were extremely hungry. Either way, the hot spice which we might guess might be Red's hot sauce smothered all over chicken wings still is delicious. Must have their ranch dressing to dip and fried zucchini to accompany the deliciousness. It's a quick go to meal. We always get one of each "heat". Can't go wrong!
Grumble. I would hate to be measured by my worst day at work, but come on "B-Dubs" I had a horrible lunch, errrr, almost lunch. I arrived at 11:45AM, before the rush, placed a simple order, only to have you forget it and not even realize it. I walked out after 35 minutes waiting for a chicken sandwich. Give me a break.

The only reason I would come back is that I've had good Happy Hour experiences with y'all. $2.00 drafts.
The deal with Buffalo Wild Wings is this: Stay the fuck away from the Fiesta Mall location.  Just don't go.  If you go anywhere else, the service will range from slightly below average to good, but stay the hell away from that place.  

Trust me.

The other locations are fine, however.  Now then, service aside, on to the food.  BWW (Or B-Dubs, or B-Dub-Dub, or Bufwizzle For Shizzle, or Bu-...you get the point) has a selection of big sized burgers that thankfully now come with fries.  Previously, paying $6-8 netted you simply a burger sans accoutrements, so I'm glad that they've seen the err of their ways and wisened up. 

They have ribs that are adequate, nice and messy, tacos with whatever sauce you want, chicken sandwiches, and a whole mess of appetizers ranging from mini-cheeseburgers and corn dogs to thick slices of potato dubbed "Buffalo Chips" that go great with cheese on top.  The gold standard, however, are their sour cream and chive-infused potato wedges.  These things are killer, and I highly recommend you get a basket with your wings.

The wings themselves, whether boneless or traditional, are "OK" at best, though the variety of sauces they have are delectable.  Go with the Mango Habanero, Asian Zing or Caribbean Jerk wings for a sweet/hot combo.  

All in all, a good sports bar type atmosphere and beer specials go well with their mediocre wings, and so long as a game is on, you won't notice whether the service sucks or not, which it probably will.  The food makes up for it though, damnit.

But don't you dare go to that shithole in Mesa.  I'll kick your ass.
Another chain I have visited recently.  Good place to catch Red Sox games if you don't have an MLB package with your cable or Direct TV.  

If you need to take proactive steps in order to consume a food is that good?  I really like the habanero mango sauce.  On Thursdays they have .60 chicken fingers (boneless wings) and I have gone a couple times and had them with the habanero sauce.

Problem is the sauce is very hot.  Spicy hot.  When you eat it.  As it works it's way through your system.  As it works it's way out of your system.  Spicy.

If you order wings ask for them crispy.  They will cook them a little more and give them the nice crunchiness just like at home.

Other than wings and boneless and beer Buffalo Wild Wings is probably a two star joint.
my 2nd time there tonight. Pluses: Our server from the first time remembered us - very nice guy. I like the tasting samplers you can get, the free trivia game and the Tue/Thu specials. BTW, there is NO blue cheese in the extra-charge dressing. The food sounds better than it actually is - not bad, just not great. All in all I guess this is damning with faint praise. I like to look forward to restaurants. Lots of tvs and neon beer signs - I get a nagging premonition that loud sports bars like this will be featured in the Smithsonian some day as an example of our 21st century consumerism ... 
oh well, it's close to home and my husband likes it ...
best wings ever
Heard that the wings here were super delish, so had to give it a try.  I ordered like some sort of honey hot, and they were scorching, which is exactly how i like em!!  So kudos on the wings...umm the service was great when we frist got there.  Our server was super sarcastic and funny and really had us going.  Then she's like "I'm gonna be off now, so Kristen is gonna take care of you"  Boo!  I hate when you switch servers, it's almost never as good.  You can pretty much expect to be ignored.  So we get "Kristen" or "Christine" I dont remember or care to since she never came over to say hi.  We had to wave her down to order some more beer.  She was very quiet and no fun at all.  I wish our server wasn't going home!!!  So then I notice that the table next to us is the one that all the employees sit at to eat their food and drink at when their off.  Awkward.  Don't really want to hear about how much money you did or didn't make and how many dousche bags you served tonight.  The manager was nice though.  He came over and said hi.   I'd say it was only great cuz of the first server and the  wings, after that, it was kinda just ok.  I would go back though and hope the first server was there.
I went here to watch the boxing match between Mayflower and Marquez. The food was good, we sampled 4 different favors of wings and they all had a great taste and texture. Our service was great and the place was packed - though we got there super early and had great seats in a booth. The manager came to our booth during one of the preliminary fights and told us that since we were in a booth they were going to move people to sit with us (she said something about it's a requirement to have 4 people to a booth during these kind of events). I was a little annoyed, but if that's policy then I didn't mind so much - plus it would have been cool to meet some new people. However, people never came. I don't know if there just wasn't as many people as the manager had expected, or the groups were big and didn't want to lose two people to come sit with us. Either way we ended up having our own booth the whole time, which we preferred anyways. 

The fun for the crowd really started during the main event, there were whoops and yells and cries of defeat or success. Super fun - and what really topped off my experience was the bathroom! Clean, roomy with a sitting couch and cute mirrors all over the place. It smelled good too.

I would definitely come to a Buffalo Wild Wings for a big event like this any time!
I've been to BWW on two occasions and they both earned one star. First occassion I went with  my boyfriend and we were meeting up with a couple of friends. My boyfriend orders a beer and hands our waitress his I.D. She then proceeds to tell him that she needs TWO FORMS OF I.D. "My drivers license isn't good enough?", he says. "No." responds the waitress. Uhhh, ok. 

Second occasion was tonight 1/5/2010. A fundraiser for the Gilbert police officer that was killed in duty. Good cause, right? I figured I'd go with one of my good friends. Man we got the shittiest waitress ever. She has a snotty attitude the entire time and keeps talking to all her dumb  coworkers. Every time she screwed up it was "Oh, I'm sorry I'm busy." Are you freaking joking me? We order our food and some of our friends join us. It takes her almost 30 minutes to bring us dessert which is fried churros and ice cream. I KNOW it doesn't take that long to bring my cold ass churros and melted ice cream to my fucking table. Don't worry.  I didn't tip.

I don't understand people who say ZOMG THESE FUCKIN WINGS ARE SOOOOOO GOOD!!!)$i(!! Because they aren't. They are mediocre at best. NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN.
My Wife insisted we try this place because she's really into hot wings. Gotta' tell you.... very, very mediocre. Extremely average. It was a nice atmosphere- It was the last day of the regular hockey season with some important (playoff implication) games going on. Service was really good too... But, Food was really lacking and it was barely OK. To top that, I can't stand when my food is served in a plastic basket! If I'm paying Nine Bucks for a hamburger, at least give me a frickin' PLATE!!!!! Way overpriced  as well.
Met some friends at this location to watch the Cardinals game. 
It was about the same as any other Buffalo Wild Wings. The wings are good, and the beer is cheap. 

I really liked how big this Buffalo Wild Wings is. It has a very open set up and a lot space. When I got up to go the restroom I never felt like I was blocking anyone's view. There also were enough TV's around so I had a view of the game from where ever I sat.
Sorry, I just don't see the appeal in this place.

I'm not exactly a Hooters fanatic, but I'll take their wings over this place any day.

Correction: I'll take any other restaurant's wings over this place any day.

There is just something funny with the wings here, perhaps it's the fact that they think sour means spicy? The wings are overwhelmingly drenched in this smelly, sour 'hot sauce', that taste like rancid, sweaty socks. I'm thinking it's just me. Very little meat on them, if any.. not very juicy, and hard to naw off. But as I try out the side salad and fries.. yup, my preconceived notions were confirmed. Just mediocore food at a mediocore sports bar. Even the waitress looked like she was bored outta her mind. Typical and very underwhelming. Why did I even bother. Worst wing place I've ever been to, hands down.

Save your $8 and buy yourself a cheap bag of Tyson's chicken wings from the grocery store. You'll thank me.
Hit BWW last night to watch the UFC fight with a pretty large group. The restaurant/bar was super flexible with us and took good care of us. WE had a barage of drink and food. I tossed back a few cold ones and had a solid burger. Didn't try any of the wings but many people at our table did and seemed pleased. Overall it was a good atmosphere and well priced. I'd go back if I was in the area
Best BWW in the area. The staff at this location is great! This is always a busy place. They offer seating outdoors or indoors on the restaurant side or at the bar. 
I always sat at the bar or outdoors. They have tvs both indoors and out for you to watch the sporting events. The are reasonably priced both in regards to food and alcohol. The wings are the best! 
Anytime I am in the area I always stop here to grab a bite to eat and have a drink. 
The restaurant side seems to be kid friendly, they have games on both sides. The service is always quick and the food is always hot and prepared as requested.
I love going to BWW.  $2 Stella on Thursdays and wings that are actually spicy.  Definitively worth the price.  

This place has a great view of a TV from almost every seat, and there are a lot of places to sit.  I've taken clients here for lunch and I've never had a bad experience with a server.  They may not always be fast, but I've never thought they were slow.
Excellent place to watch football. Great food, good prices, great service.
I used to go to B Dubs a lot but their customer service has consistently diminished over time.
I placed a carry out order and was told it would be ready in 20 minutes. So  I show up 25 minutes later only to find out that my order was still not ready and it would be another 10 minutes. So I payed for my order and proceeded to wait out the 10 extra minutes they estimated. Fast forward another 20 minutes and my food had still not been given to me. Then the girl up front asked me if I had been helped yet. Keep in mind she's the same one that helped me when I first arrived. I couldn't understand how after only 20 minutes she had forgotten that she previously helped me. 
I informed her that I was still waiting for my carry out order that she quoted to be only a 10 minute wait (on top of the other 20 minutes)
In the end my small $30 carry out order took roughly 55 minutes to be completed when I was initially told 20 minutes. And to top it all off my boneless wings were barely coated with sauce.
I will definitely have to be craving wings for me to return and honestly I'll probably fix that craving by getting wings from somewhere else.
The interior is like a sports bar, except they specialize in wings with a million different favors!!!
We've got a really good deal as well: ended up paying  less than 50 cents per wing!
Last but not least, did I mention all the waitresses there are super cute and/or hot blonde girls?
I heart this this place!
My wife and I were craving wings and since I've been to this place before we thought we'd swing in, Ooops my mistake, UFC night and they were charging a cover.... 

We weren't even interested in the fight and we told them to seat us away from the event, still they insisted on charging the cover. Sorry but I won't pay to sit in your establishment then pay again to eat.

We now go to the one at Chandler Fashion Mall. Great food and great service and NEVER a cover charge for any televised event.
I went there last night and really had fun. I'm not the biggest fan of tons of televisions playing sports games, but if that's your thing, you'll give it a five star review.

We got the Asian wings, which were delish.  There's nothing over the top or extravagant here, but then again, that's what you should be expecting when you walk in the door. I got a flavored Mojito, and it hit the spot. Our server was really helpful, and handled our table of 15 well.

My friend played the game where you try to catch stuffed animals with a claw, and he actually got one, woohoo!
Stopped in between classes yesterday with my wife and daughter. Staff is generally enjoyable but the service really sucks. We got there about 4:30pm and sat in the dining area. There were only 3 other very small groups there. Placed our order and waited and waited and waited......
 
We asked our server to check on the order and waited. The girl finally comes out with our order and says, because we asked for extra crispy and extra wet, this added 4 minutes to the cooking time (30 minute wait), plus, she says, the wings are extra large this time....... huh? She's telling this to us as she's handing us our order and I look....... They actually were smaller than normal, I just about fell out of my chair.

Now on to simple math.... The girls ordered a half dozen wings each and got their 1 cup of dressing with the order, I ordered a dozen and was charged $.50 for the extra cup of dressing... excuse me? 

We've decided to NEVER go to this location again. This is the same franchise owner who charges a cover charge for the special UFC events. There are several other locations close by that don't charge and their service is excellent. 

We still love Buffalo Wild Wings, we just have to drive an extra minute or two for quality.
Bacon cheeseburger was the typical bar bacon cheeseburger.  I have discovered, though, as I get older, that I don't really like bars anymore.  Don't like the atmosphere, don't like the other patrons....kinda makes me sad.  So even though the food was ok, I'm sure I won't be back...
Great food! Jessica is the best she always remembers I want oranges instead of lemons with my agave wheat beer!!
Good place to eat. Hate getting charged for extra ranch and sauce.
Overall this is an average location.
If you're young and are into sports this is the place for you.

This place is full of enthusiastic sports fans and there are TV's everywhere!  It's a sports bar on steroids..

The food is ok.  Typical bar fare.

The waitresses are very pretty and also attentive enough so that you're not waiting around for a refill.
Not what I expected but still a nice neighborhood place to have some wings and a beer. The wings were small but the sauce was awesome. The service was friendly even if a little slow. We ate in the dining room, not the bar, and that may have made a difference in service.  They had the European Soccer Championships on and the screen was big and the sound quality good.  When I am looking for a neighborhood place for simple food, Buffalo Wild Wing is fine by me!
terrible service; management could care less about customer satisfaction. Visited my sister in Phx last week and had a taste for wings. SAt down after the peak dinner hour, around 8pm, ordered right away and still waited 53 minutes for two 8 piece baskets of boneless wings, one of which was messed up twice, so had to wait even longer. Both orders were dry, came in the same little paper trays we used to eat tater tots from in elementary school. No plates or napkins; had to ask twice for them. I guess that is an odd request at this establishment. Asked repeatedly for celery while we waited for first order to be corrected, none came. The server was very nice and apologetic, however made no special effort to correct her mistakes, and walked with the pace of a turtle. She sent the manager over, who at first went to the wrong table saying to the family next to us; " I hear you folks have a problem." When we explained it was us, and we had waited an unreasonable amount of time for our order, and that the order was wrong when it finally came his answr was; "Huh. Thank you for bringing that to my attention." That was it. In addition, there were about 19 servers milling around, not one had a sense of urgency or purpose in their step. We also observed other tables in the not full dining room being ignored. Management didn't even offer us a discount or any reason to come back, as you should if you want to keep loyal returning customers. So glad i don't live there. Will never return to this location; possibly never to any location.
The kids the sliders and french fries.  We loved the appetizers and drinks!
Great neighborhood bar with decent wings. I don't come here for the social scene, but enjoy the food and big screen TVs.
BWW has by far the best boneless wings ever.  I hate wings most of the time because of fighting your way into bones.  I actually never really liked them until I tried BWW.  The sports scene is great because you have multiple games going on from different sports.  We went on Boneless wings Thursdays where I think each wing is 69 cents.  What a wonderful number, eh?
My favorite BWW. Great set up for watching football games. Super friendly staff!  Buffalo has the best wings, boneless and traditional.
Thanks fellow Yelpers for your reviews!  After reading, I chose the Gilbert location and knew I'd order wings since it was written BWW should stick to what they do best.  We were promptly greeted and seated.  Our server was both friendly and helpful.  At first glance the wing prices may seem a little high (at least they did to me).  Let me assure you the wings are not those from a cornish hen, size and quality are there.  We ordered blazin' and asian wings which were okay-plus,  served hot and fresh.  We also ordered the nacho trio which was quite interesting as it had ingredients you wouldn't normally expect - it says so on the menu so no surprise - the only downfall being fried diced chicken which quickly became soggy.  All in all - good.  I couldn't find prices on their "drinks" menu, this of course after having ordered.  Fearing the worst, the Bloody Mary my husband ordered was $6 - a fairly standard price every where.  As far as a sports bar goes, there are screens everywhere, large and small.  During our visit there was a hockey game on a projection screen and I could actually see the puck.
Visited this location after an atrocious experience with service at the location on Gilbert road (a location I will never visit again). 
My groups server, Paige, was incredibly friendly and efficient and maintained good table presence without being over bearing. The food was good, as expected from BWW (my favorite place to get wings). 

Overall it was an pleasant experience and I have already returned once, and I will continue to do so.
Bww has good food for a chain.. Great place for a lunch beer and wings. There is a hidden gem in their traditional wings, get the traditional buffalo dry rub love them. The only way to go with wings!
My boys and I love coming here. My son is special needs and all the girls fuss over him and he loves it. Great service. Good food.
From the moment we walked in the hostess was very friendly and welcoming. We asked for the wings extra crispy and when they came out they weren't as crispy we had hoped. so the manager came over and suggested we ask for them extra crispy and grilled... so we did and they were amazing! Completely enhanced the flavor :)

Everyone there was extremely friendly, welcoming and definitely made our experience wonderful. Food was also delicious... can't wait to go back! :) Thank you!!
Lets start with the good........their wings are really good and  large in size.
Tv's everywhere ........

The bad...... This location has a few antiquated projection screen tv's that make what you're watching look like a 1975 tv. please upgrade !!
Wings are now 1.10 each.....man oh man....when did wings get so crazy expensive??
A dozen wings.... 13.00 ???  15 wings 16.00 ?
They have so many specials that the waiter couldn't even figure them out.....
Special Calendars, drink specials, happy hour only at the bar.......we were frazzled just trying to get past the rules.


Again , loved the asian wings, my jerk chicken sandwich was ok......
Well I don't want to give a bad review since I worked here and the boss isn't so great. I know a lot of the servers there and some are good some still need work. But I know these girls try hard. Well food is good I love there spicy garlic or medium or lemon pepper or salt an vinager wings or even Caribbean jerk is good. Their wraps are good as well and juice steak burger awesome! I didn't like the fish tacos though not good at all. Now I've def had a couple times were the food was not so great but remember its not the server most times its the cooks fault. They are good at having food runners and to run the food asap. So the majority of the time when it takes forever for your food its because of the cooks. Either they are new or someone is training someone or they have a catered event going on or sometimes in all honesty just plain screwing around in the back. Def on sun expect a wait due to its football sunday and its freaking packed in there.
wonderful people, food, the works.  This is the best Buffalo Wild Wings in town.
DON'T COME IN FOR LUNCH!!!! Came in on our lunch break because we work around the corner. After waiting 10 minutes for drinks. We finally got our order in and food didn't come for another 30 minutes. 45 minutes later, the manager tells us to call ahead next time. 

They did discount our meal but that was after I complained to the manager, who told us to call in ahead of time.
Too many ticky tack changes.  Wings on special but you have to pay for ranch dressing! Service wasn't that good. Not coming back.
I am very disappointed with the service and the general manager.  I usually come here for Monday night football as well as pay per view fights. Tonight I came in for the boxing match,  I came in early so I can get a good table to watch the fight,  while the preliminary fights were going on,  the manager came up to me and told me that she was going to find me new friends and that they were going to sit at my table to which I replied,  I am waiting for my friends and she said well,  I will be back in a few minutes and if they are not here I am going to ask you to pay for your friends in advance or you are going to make new friends. Once again, I was there early so we could have a table. That manager is not a good business woman, she needs to learn how to treat customers as customers versus inmates. second, the service was incredibly slow and only saw our waiter seldomly, it would have been easier to walk to the bar to get my drinks. I don't know if I should give them a second chance or go somewhere where else where they want my money.
This used to be a great spot for a quick meal or dinner with the kids. Unfortunately everything that our family liked, they changed and ruined it. First the salad went to gross. Then they got rid of the grill that made the chicken wings special beyond just wings. Asking for the wings grilled gave them a nice extra flavor. Then they added too much salt to almost everything. Yuk, we haven't been back since.
Came here for happy hour with my best friend to grab some wings and beers. We were greeted and seated right away near the bar and had a big high top table all to ourselves. The server was really nice and attentive and got our drinks and food order. She saw my friend's ID first and then she asked for mine and looked at mine for a really long time, made a face, looked at my friend and back at my ID as if I had her ID even though she just looked at my friend's ID, and that was really annoying but whatever. I'm way over 21 so I don't know what her problem was. The wings were good and nicely sauced, the fried pickles were delicious too. Overall experience was really good except the server we had needs to be a bit more professional with the whole ID checking thing.
Stopped by for a quick couple of wings and some ice tea. The waitress took our order and sent it off to the kitchen. When the server came out with our order it was completely wrong. The manager came out and did an excellent job of making everything correct and even took 15% off the bill. I like Buffalo wild wing, and I was pleased to see that the manager has the ability to correct things. We are a loyal customer and will continue to go to Buffalo wild wing at McQueen and Elliot!
New deep dish pizza was alright, only in size medium, and can certainly give Pizza Hut a run for the money.  This location has an enormous seating area, friendly staff, and plenty of parking.  Nice location SE corner of Pima & Pinnacle Peak.
I've always loved Domino's and this one is no exception until last night. I went to order a pizza and knew that they had stopped delivering to my area so asked if I could do carry-out. Carry-out closes right before I called so I asked I'd I could have a delivery to their parking lot (semi joking) and they said no. Then when I said "So, there is no way I can buy a pizza from you guys?" he responded with "No. You should try Barro's or Papa John's"...  I understand the place being closed and all but his rude, short attitude along with the fact that he didn't even recommend another local Domino's and instead referred me to another company for pizza was absurd. If I was the manager, I'd fire that kid on the spot.
Like the food when they have it available...twice no Caesars Chix and tonight no Carbonera
Ok I cant believe Im writing a 5 Star review for Dominos this certainly wasn't the result of one special delivery experience but rather a number of improvements over the past year.  First Dominos has been a company that constantly looks for ways to improve its food and menu.  They completely changed their entire sauce and crust recipe so the original pizza no longer exists and what we have now is a much better flavor profile.  They added several BBQ Chicken dishes and a bunch of new sauces such as garlic and habanero all excellent and stuffed cheezy bread.  We recently tried the new Pizza Hut out here on Pinnacle Peak and Pima three times over the last couple months because the girls wanted the stuffed crest and had very bad experience`s with order mistakes, cold pizza and limited toppings.  The fact is Pizza Hut is no longer competition for the flavors and quality you get at Dominos.  Im not saying these companies offer the best pizza Im just saying Dominos has the fastest pizza with the most flavor for the best price hands down.  The stuffed cheezy bread is off the charts the garlic sauce fantastic and they even have deep dish now.  We have ordered at least 20 times from this location of the past year and they have never made a mistake on our order.  That alone is amazing in itself.  We also ask them to crisp our pizza in the oven a little longer highly recommend that.  Great job Dominos with your menu expansion and better flavor profiles and sauces.  A well deserved review.
This pizza is great for kids, and parties. I have never had the wings.
Really good neighborhood joint! We've been ordering here for about 4 years, and its pretty consistent and good. Prices are ok, not a bargain, but just fair. Pizza is above average, sandwiches are great (roast beef), Wifey love's their french fries, and the homemade italian dinners (like lasagna, eggplant parmesian, etc.), are really good as well. Deilvery time is slow on weekends and peak hours.
You can't beat the wings, absolutely love them.  The pizza is phenomenal as well.  In fact we're regular customers and the owner cares greatly about keeping your business.  The second location has excellent sandwiches.
Again, I'm not sure why Yelp encourages double pages for the location, the only difference being abbreviations within the street address.

When the restaurant opened almost ten years ago, it was great! Management was friendly towards people of all ages, prices were cheap, and pizza and wings were excellent. I remember Amore working out a deal with my cousin's middle school for pizza Fridays, and all the kids appreciated it.

I'm not sure when the change happened, within five years ago, or if there was another change after that. After the original owner changed hands for the restaurant, things took a turn for the worse. Employees eventually consisted of teenagers looking for extra cash instead of the workers who put their heart in soul in cooking, delivery, and service. The food quality also was much more sloppy, and prices steadily raised over the years.

Now it's just another greedy restaurant. If Amore were in its original hands, it'd still be one of the best places for pizza in Scottsdale. Now it just blows.
If you like Italian Heroes try the Godfather sandwich. The bread is soft & chewey, it forms a perfect cocoon for the tasty deli cuts on the inside. They do something with a little vinegar and a light brush of mayo that makes this sandwich my favorite in all of Phoenix. I haven't really tried anything else there, its impossible for me to ignore the Godfather.
I have gotten wings here twice. They deliver and in a lazy mode I had them bring wings and fries. The fries were hot and done just right and the wings were crispy, tasty and large...so far the best I've had in Scottsdale. The delivery guy was great too and got here in less time than they stated on the phone.
Amore has moved to the SW corner of Bell and McDowell Mountain Roads.  Same good food, new location.
********** $9.99 For A 14" Circle of Crap **********

Nothing but ULTRA THIN cardboard.......
The sauce is all, but non-existent.....and tasteless
Also....Tasteless cheese.....to boot.

Domino's, Have No Fear ......I'll never be back.
If it had been possible to give zero stars, I would have.
ordered their hand made pan pizza. Complete and utter rubbish.  Raw uncooked dough in the middle.  Bland, boring and pathetic toppings.

VItos is close.  Momma Spinnys is close.  Why did I fall for the advert and believe Dominoes might, possibly, produce an edible pizza
Best pizza I've ha in ages. I ordered 2 large 1 topping pizzas for 18.99, and it turned of perfect, I only had to wait 13 minutes for them and it was perfect because I needed to go to albertsons to get some food and there they were. The bacon and barbaque pizza I had was Delicious and same with the pepperoni an cheese. Best dominos ever ,I would highly recommend getting pizzas from here.
I love this location, their deliveries are always super quick and the staff is very friendly and helpful. They have some great specials and the pizzas are great. I'm not sure what happened with these previous 2 reviews, but you get what you order. I've never had anything bad from here and I order all the time!

If you're looking for good pizza, fast, this is your place. Pizza Hut takes FOREVER to deliver, and the local Papa Johns makes poor quality pizza.
They never disappoint !
First impressions really mean a lot to me. I called here to order my pizza tonight and the first person I spoke to didn't even say hello. She answered the phone and told me she was going to put me on hold and by the time I said "thank you" she had already hit the button. Great customer service lady. After waiting a few minutes a very friendly gentleman took my order. I was happy to not be speaking to the short, rude lady and he made up for a little of it but I was still rubbed the wrong way from the beginning. 

I gotta say though, I love that this location takes M&G dollars so I don't have to use cash or a credit card. And their service is always very quick and everything is hot and fresh. But I do think they need to work on their skills when answering the phone so they don't rub their customers the wrong way off the get go. Luckily, I love pizza so they will be continuing to get business for me but I hope next time they are a bit more pleasant!
I will not be ordering from this Dominos again. Last week I ordered from here and the pizza took an hour and when we received it it was lukewarm at best. Tonight when I ordered from here they told me they couldn't take my credit card because their machines were down. Strike three and they are out.
Yes...Domino's...you still Suck!! Stopped eating here for awhile because it was mostly just bread...then tried again after they "claimed" they got better....still gross. Not impressed. Even my 6 year old wouldn't eat it, claiming it wasn't pizza! lol No more money lost to these guys..
Driver had a really bad attitude. The apartment number was wrong and she asked "Sooo did you just enter it wrong or what?" Then she kept me on the phone without talking while she trudged over to my apartment. I apologized for the mix up and she said nothing. The most interaction she had with me at the door, was to ask if this was my credit card?  I still tipped her because I've been a server before, but thinking back maybe I should not have. I would never have been so rude to a customer. The pizza tasted pretty good, but I already had a bad taste in my mouth. Next time I will order from Papa John's or one of the 10 other pizza places near ASU.
I LOVE what they have done with their crust and how they make their pizza's!! I've always been satisfied with Dominos! They get their pizza there really quick too!!!  :D
Some decent changes seem to be happening here - at least last night. Ordered the two-topping medium pan pizza special for $7.99 which turned out decent. Always a big fan of cheese sticks, so i decided to add the $5.99 stuffed sticks and these were clearly the highlight of the meal. You cut them yourself, but it ends up about six or seven slices of very cheesy bread. These are definetly guilty pleasures. Only negatives is that it will cost 75 cents for any dipping sauce for the bread (blue, marinara, etc) and they don't provide parmesan cheese packets. Everything was done online and arrived hot after about 25 minutes.
Ordered through the app on my iPhone. That was awesome, and easy to use. Ordered their pasta bowl! It was ready in the time that was stated. Staff is friendly enough! I love the pasta bowl, they are awesome! Not complaints and I like this location.
This place is a joke. I ordered at 530p didn't get my order till 630p on top of the hour the order was wrong. when we called to complain, was put on hold 3 separate time in the same phone call. after hanging up and calling back we were told a new pizza was on the way. 800p rolls around no pizza. took another phone call and 30 mins to get the right pizza. I work hard for my money, I know they do to, but when im spending 20bucks of my hard earned cash I want what I ordered. WTF!!
This Domino's location is awesome! Everytime I get a pizza here it is warm, delicious and the crust is nice and fluffy. Other locations in the area have been disappointing. 

No experience with the employees or service. The pizza is great though!
hour and 15 when it said 15-20. Pizza was old and not hot at all.
Delivery time was amazingly quick. Pizza was good, and hot. Drunk food never tasted soooo good! Delivery guy was actually quite nice, and normal looking. I had to speak to the manager because 1-800 dominos couldn't figure out where i lived. He was very nice, and sounded sexy! I kinda wished he'd delivered my pizza....

Trust me. You don't want to miss the Philly Cheese Steak pizza. It's delicious!
Decided to try the whole "New Domino's Pizza" last night and was surprised by how good it was. A million times better than the old. The crust actually was good and soft more like a wood fired pizza than typical delivery pizza, and had a very good taste to it. It has some seasoning on it reminding me of Hungry Howies garlic herb crust just not as strong. The toppings were good but nothing spectacular (i had pepperoni, olive, and onion) the peperoni wasn't as greasy as i remembered it so it was good. Sauce had a good garlic tomato taste and way better than the bland old stuff.

Now the most important part for a review like this for any college student: the second day taste test. I had my leftovers for breakfast and it heated up in the toaster very well. The crust didn't get hard it stayed soft and edible. The toppings held their flavor and it was a really good slice of leftover pizza.

Overall verdict is that Domino's has come a long way no longer is it  in with the Little Cesar's and Pizza Hut's of the world but up a step into the class with Papa John's and Hungry Howies out there. I still will take Hungry Howies ahead most days for price and taste but Domino's has done enough to earn my business on occasion.
Yeah, I'm giving a Domino's Pizza five stars. Whatcha gonna do about it?

Here's why. I know Domino's isn't a high class joint, but you have to rate it against what it is. Among inexpensive pizza delivery places, I think this particular Domino's is pretty damn good.

1. You can order online, and then a tracker gives you by-the-minute updates on your pizza's status.

2. They ALWAYS have coupons, and they're easy to use online.

3. They deliver fast. I've had pizza in my mouth within 20 minutes of clicking "order."

4. I like the new recipe pizza. It's not gourmet, but if I wanted gourmet, I wouldn't be ordering Domino's. I ordered Domino's because I wanted something greasy and hot that pairs well with my beer.

5. They are cheap! I get convenience, speed, and tastiness for a minimum price!
Domino's?  Yeah, Domino's!

Gone are the past days of Domino's sh*tty pizza.  This stuff is pretty dang good now, and their online ordering system (even found on an iPhone app) makes it really easy to customize.

Taste?  Um, really good.  Their pizza with extra sauce and thin crust competes with some of the best tasting pizza I've had in recent memory.  

You can also find a great deal online (via coupon) where you can buy two or more medium pizzas for $5.99 each.  Buy several of these and you can end up saving 50% on your family's dinner.  Plus, everybody gets the kind of pizza (toppings, etc.) that they want.

Yes, five stars, and I'm not the only one.  You've tried the others, now go back to Domino's and try them again.
Terrible service!! Stood there waiting to order with three people behind the counter. No one greeted me nor said a word. I'll never go back!
They don't allow for online ordering and did not pick up the phone when I called in the order. Either they are shut down or they are the worst Domino's Pizza I have ever encountered.
I've eaten at Dominos once.. And I don't think I'll ever be back. My coworkers and I had order lunch with some garlic bites.. Those were cold and the extra sauce we ordered and paid for? No where to be found. When we started eating the pizza, that was cold as well.. It tasted like it was sitting out forever! So when I called and told them about everything being cold and the missing sauces, I was promised a replacement  pizza my next visit. But when I called to redeem it, they didn't have my name on file! Not to mention how rude the employee was! If you want cold pizza, and bad service, dominos is the place for you!
service was ok. but you know you can always expect amazing fried chicken when you go to church's. I will always go here for my fried chicken cravings!
I would never reccommend this location to anyone. First I had to wait ten minutes to get to order my food. When I get up I start my order then he went silent said " im sorry what was that again" so i went over half the order and he never replied back I said hello and no reply about 4 mins later he wants me to announce my order again. ONE CAR WAS IN FRONT OF ME. place was not busy, I worked in the food service for 5 years thru college and never had something like this happen at my places. if it did i would have been fired. after i make the order and get to the window 15 mins after i decided to go here and not wendys next door, he tells the only car infront of me to pull forward. well he only pulled so far forward or he would be in oncoming traffic but yet it wasnt far enough for my 4 door car to get out and around. when i told the guy that took my order i didnt have time to wait 20 more mins and how long would my food take before i paid him he said should be ready in 5 mins. 20 mins later the guy in front of me gets out of his car walks in and takes  1 bag of food, at the same time i turned and this guy gave me my food. so for about 35 mins took me for a order of two combos and they call it fast food. The guy didnt even address the situation just said sorry for the delay. I wrote churchs chicken website and never heard back. I also called and they said the manager was not there he would call me back. never heard back. horrible store dont go !! with that service they will have to shut down unless they revamp the staff.  worst experience in my life!!!
I was tooling along on errands with everything going fine until UH-OH; I came upon this Church's!  I'm supposed to be on a diet!     :-O

I resisted successfully for a while...  ok, 2 or 3 seconds, & then whipped in here. 

After washing up in the spotlessly clean, properly supplied bathroom I was soon feasting on a big, crispy, spicy leg & thigh, a hot biscuit, & a cup of mashed potatoes with gravy.

Everything was the right temperature & delicious.  The dining room was lovely for this type of place, and shiny clean.  Associate Larry had been friendly & quick to serve up my order and the value was AMAZING at $1.99 for everything, with a coupon I had riding along in the car just in case I ever accidentally got stumbled.     :-))

Woohoo!
Yes, Church's.  There is no KFC in my neck of the woods and that's fine so long as this place is here.  Whenever I'm jonesin' for chicken, I come here for the strip meal and sides (the best deal really--all white meat, no bones, no mess).  They also have fried okra, which is a real plus.

The only real problem that I have with this place is how long it takes to get your food.  I've had it take up to 15 minutes.  Once you get home and taste that chicken however, you forget about all that.

Great comfort food.  If you're a little depressed, there's nothing that Church's chicken, potatoes, and a little mac 'n' cheese can't fix.  Enjoy!
This place sucks. I made a yelp account as I wait for my food at this place. I put my order for spicy and they gave me original because they "ran out" of spicy. She said it would be 11 minutes wait for it. Which I am. And I am looking at the rest of my order sit there on the counter. I told her I wanted everything warm and she simply put it back with the rest of the other chicken. Wow. We shall see how it comes out. Damn my craving for fried chicken.
Love church's but the service here is a joke always slow, you would think at noon they would be prepared for lunch. The staff is always very impersonal and act put out to serve you. This location needs some serious help
Today's meal was not very good. The chicken was too dry and cooked too long. I was told it was more than two days ago that the oil was changed.  I have found high-quality meals in the stores in Goodyear and .
Ever since Dominos changed up their recipe/ingredients, their pizza has really been awesome. I enjoy the thin crust with spinach, tomatoes, and mushrooms.  Mmmm
This Dominos location is at an iffy strip mall, having businesses such as tattoo and massage parlors and a couple bars. 

Dominos is now right next door to an adult toy and lingerie shop. Picking up your pizza you can't help but notice the adult store's window with silhouettes of women in devil costumes. Seeing this gave me the creeps. What would a little child think?

This Dominos needs to relocate to a more family-oriented shopping center.
One very nasty and rude manager named Singh.  WILL NOT LET A CUSTOMER COMPLAIN AND VENT.  All he has are excuses.  Hello I am a customer, let me vent then ask me what can he do to correct this.  Nope he has to interrupt you.  This man needs a course in customer service .
Unfortunately you cannot give negative stars.  Pizza was so late I would have had to order it 2 days ago for it to get here on time.  From the time I ordered till delivery was 1 hour and 45 minutes.  Got the pizzas free but there barely warm and soggy bottoms.  As far as I am concerned they should give us the next 4 orders free.  I would go elsewhere but we like Dominoes Pizza.  Our previous complaint was about the manager who insisted he could not give us the order free well we got the order free tonight so the Manager Singh is a liar
my previous complaint
One very nasty and rude manager named Singh.  WILL NOT LET A CUSTOMER COMPLAIN AND VENT.  All he has are excuses.  Hello I am a customer, let me vent then ask me what can he do to correct this.  Nope he has to interrupt you.  This man needs a course in customer service . t hate the service.
Love, it, never wrong always tasty, try the 6 cheese pizza, I love it, thanks dominoes pizza.
I am surprised I have never reviewed this place.  It is not a frequent stop, maybe twice a year.  I think I prefer the spices in KFC but Church's comes without all the grease.  

This stop last Saturday about 12:30 I was second in line that turned in to about a dozen people and they had maybe six pieces of chicken in the serving trays so we all got to hang out for a while waiting for the chicken.
Churches chicken is better then KFC. what else is there to say. 

Also go to the website they have coupons there. 

The spicy chicken is good.
I've been to many Church's Chickens and I like this one the best because I always get fresh chicken. Besides that, the manger is super friendly and I always get extra strips :) or an upgrade for free!
OK didn't want to cook it was 10pm so thought pick up this to take home yule never go here. Kfc is way better.  This place chicken sucks. All there food sucks.
The only church I've ever attended.... and one of my guilty pleasures.

Fuck KFC. As the urban legend goes, they don't call it Kentucky Fried Chicken anymore because the freakazoid genetically engineered birds they use aren't chickens anymore.

Church's Chicken is where it's at. Their chicken is about 76435987435x  better than KFC. 

Delicious. Crispy. The spicy version is even better. 

They have fried okra as a side! Fast food joint that serves okra. How can you go wrong? The family size okra is about a pint and a half. Think of them as the Church's Chicken holy sacrament.

Their biscuits are perfect. Ask for honey. OK it's not really all honey, but at least honey is one of the ingredients. It doesn't matter. Ask for a handful of their hot sauce packets too, which are kick freaking butt. My only complaint is that they don't have greens on their menu anymore. So long as the okra is still there, so am I motherfucker. Don't miss the mac n cheese, either. It goes great with the hotsauce.

I just noticed this ghetto-ass location, which I can get to in about 3 minutes by heading down Grand Ave as kind of a short cut.  My arteries are cursing me, but my belly is thanking me.

Writing this review made me hungry. I'm going to go go make a donation to the Church right now. If you want Church's late at night I recommend you bring a sidearm (this is Arizona! Yee haw!) or try another location. Any other time it's perfectly safe. I'm not talking about protecting yourself from the neighborhood 7th ave/grand ave/van buren crackheads and pimps, either... I'm referring to the idiot hipsters who frequent the art galleries on that part of Grand. They are too pretentious to eat this heavenly ambrosia known as Church's Chicken. You might just wanna get with the vibe of that 'hood and pop a cap in one these dopes who would rather go waste their daddy's ducats at that shithole known as Fate over at Roosevelt and 3rd, just on principle.
Oops! This Church's Chicken Restaurant has been closed for over a year!
Belch. Not sure how these places have survived. Save yourself some cash and get Frys deli fried chicken.
Not much to say here the place is permanently closed buildings been sitting empty for a  year.
This location is closed.
This location is permanently close as in out of business.
Talk about huge improvement!  I rarely say commercials are right, but in this case, they turn out to be true. Domino's has some great pizzas and menu items now. Try it.
I ordered two pizza's online went down 15 minutes later and picked them up. Servers were very courteous and friendly. Great job all around!
I love Dominos so I order for them before anyone but literally EVERY time we order, they forget something or mess something up. And best yet, when I emailed the "manager/owner", TWICE...I never once received a response. If it weren't for the fact that Dominos pizza is the best for us that's closeted, they have disappointed us too many times and we would not be ordering from them again if my husband didn't dislike the "competition". How hard is it to remember a side of icing or sauce?! I wouldn't mind if you didn't make me pay for them to begin with...
Domino's Pizza is nothing special, but it is not bad either. People seem to still consider this inexpensive pizza though, but it is far from that. I don't mind eating their pizza, but I wouldn't recommend it as being a good deal. There are several places that you can find better tasting pizza at for the same price.
In the past I have been very disappointed in KFC. I found their chicken to be very greasy. We bought a bucket and there was a quarter inch of grease on the bottom of the bucket. This was at the KFC on boulder and Lake Mead in Henderson. They did the world a favor by closing that dump. One night my wife said that she was in the mood for chicken so against my better judgement I drove over to the KFC on Horizon. She wanted the two piece deal and after reading the menu I decided on the Pot Pie. Well we couldn't have been happier. The chicken was perfect and I loved the Pot Pie. Have been there three times now and I can't find one thing to complain about.
Ugh. Dear Colonel Sanders. It's a shame your ghost can't come back and give the franchisee of this KFC location a good swift kick in the derriere. I walked in here and noted that the place was cleaner than most KFC's typically are. But a clean restaurant doesn't equal good food, or a good value either. When we opened up our takeout food it was woefully disappointing and underwhelming in terms of quantity and taste. 

I've stayed away from KFC restaurants for several years but when my wife said she wanted KFC, I went. I regret not telling her no. I flat refuse to go back to this KFC, and it will likely be many years if ever before I step foot in ANY KFC again. 

1 Star is 1 Star too many.
I've been to this location dozens of time, their consistency is not there. This time both orders of chicken were dry, otherwise standard kfc.
Very tasty thin crust.
Tried the order on line thing at this Domino's near my NLV pad...Web site was so-so...I am a very computer literate person but it took me several clicks to figure out how to move on in this site...Could be even easier for the layman...Anyway, now have a complete full profile with Domino' s and next order should be a tad easier...I got to the location within ten minutes and at the counter had a bit of a run around by the young lady...She said there was NO order in my name...I was getting steamed as I looked into her "deer in the headlights" look...Why, oh why must these fast food places stock the place with near idiots...Pay a bit more for a little less staff and get some folks with smarts and watch the efficiency skyrocket...Three minutes in my frustration mode the manager came forward and said the lady had mislabeled the boxes ready to hold MY order...I WAS in the computer and I had my grub in two more minutes...Pan pizza, Italian sandwich and lava cake set me back about twenty-two bucks...Food quality?  Was just "C-" level...Blood pressure?  On the rise thanks to less than capable staff...Hopefully next time I grace Domino's porch for some quick grub it goes a bit better...
I place an order askind for jalapeñes only on half of my pizza, when they delivery it was full of jalapeños.   My husband call and ask to talk to a manager she said that she made the pizza her self and that apperantly they can NOT put only an ingredient on half of a pizza. We know for a fact that it can be done because we always place orders with half jalapeños for the kids.  She answer in a very rude way.  Then we call back and placed an other order by phone and 20 min later they call to make sure the order was legit.
Been using their computer ordering system with tremendous success...Today I screwed up the order and a real live person from the store called to confirm what I really wanted...Kudos Domino's for getting it really right!
As far as Domino's goes, this one is pretty consistent with others that I've visited. I usually only go if I'm able to use a coupon but if you order online, those are usually readily available. If you ask me, Domino's pizza tends to be a bit on the saltier side but that just means that it goes well with beer!
Worst service everrrr!!!!!! called 2 hours ago for pizza and breadsticks...get my food an hour later and no marinara sauce for the breadsticks..so i call back and they said they'll have someone come right back...over an hour later...still no marinara sauce..breadsticks are now cold..FINALLY after calling back THREE times, someone is "supposedly" on their way...horrible service..didnt even offer a discount or credit...i dont know what kind of ppl they have working there, but its not that difficult...wont be ordering from here again...
We ordered our pizza online from their website, and our food was ready in no time! 

Food:
We ordered a medium pizza with pepperoni and green peppers, and garlic sticks. The pizza was really good, but the garlic sticks were not very good in my opinion, and didn't taste like much. 

Service:
The guy serving me was very friendly and efficient.

However, we ordered two marinara sauce cups for the garlic sticks, and only ended up receiving one. No big deal, but still. 

Overall experience at this Domino's location was great, and would order from them again!
If I could give them no stars I would. I walked in and was waiting to order my pizza when I see them cleaning the air vents with a dusty broom right over where they make the pizzas. Gross!! Walked out right then and there.
The only reason they got one star is because their delivery people are friendly and prompt and they are fast and convenient. Their menu is easy to order from and their food selections are good. Their problem? The food ALWAYS  has a problem. It's either burnt or missing or not cooked enough etc. Etc. Etc. If they would just cook the food so it's not burnt or the order is actually correct, they could vastly increase their market share I believe.
This pizza takes like CRAP! I order dominos all the time in LA and never tasted something so nasty! The ingredients must be weeks old! I ordered a chicken bacon pizza and it tasted like vomit. I also ordered a pepperoni but I am afraid to try it.  I tried calling to complain and there was no answer. This place needs a corporate visit because it gives Dominos a bad name.
Hungry and hungover, we stumbled into the food court in the Fashion Show Mall.  Two friendly Asian ladies handed us delightful Bourbon chicken samples on toothpicks and we were sold!  Double chicken combo plate please!  We decided on the signature Bourbon chicken and spicy black pepper chicken with veggies instead of fried rice.  The veggies were mushy and obviously prefrozen...not very spectacular.  However, the chicken was delightful...greasy and it fulfilled our cravings for salty, juicy, finger-lickin' chicken.  Wished we could have received a larger plate..the serving was quite measly..especially after our stomachs had been stretched out by Vegas buffets.
When did this place take the Asian direction? It's been a while since our last visit. I like the changes! Note: All combos come with a free vegetable egg roll. I ordered the bourbon chicken (free samples! sold!), the steamed veggies, and the rice with beans for $5.41, and my husband got the two chicken combo meal- two kinds of chicken and  noodles for $5.99. Pretty reasonable for mall food on the Strip's Fashion Show Mall.  The veggies weren't mushy as one review noted. The rice and beans were tender. I knew how the chicken was going to taste, because of the free samples. No refills, so order a large drink- we split it.  Portions are pretty big- I only ate half of it.  If you're a dude, you might finish yours, though. Next time, I might get the Bourbon Chicken Bowl (I'm a fan of teriyaki bowls.) Tip: You might want to use a knife to cut out the parts of the chicken thigh meat that you don't want to eat. 

There's only a couple places that I like to eat at this mall, and this is one of them. ( I don't trust a lot of places in the mall.) The Bourbon Chicken reminds me fo a place that used to be the Boulevard Mall that served Bourbon Chicken- but it no longer exists (sadly).
WHERE: Located inside the Fashion Show Mall food court.

WHEN: 10am-9pm, Monday-Saturday I believe, and 10am-8pm on Sundays.

WHAT: My mom and I went to do a little shopping, and decided we were hungry.  We weren't THAT hungry so we chose to share a 2-chicken entree.

Spicy Chicken: This was my mom's choice because she likes adding that spicy zing to her chicken.  It was spicier than I thought it would be, so those who do not like spice, I advise not to choose spicy chicken. Haha.

Lemon Chicken: I absolutely love their lemon chicken. It is just the perfect consistency, the perfect flavor, but not the perfect amount (as in I could have eaten more of it, haha).

I did get to try the samples of Bourbon Chicken they were giving out, which was real good too. From my experience, the food was good, but the customer service, not so.  When we walked up to the stand, the two workers were talking to each other as if we weren't ordering. They'd ask what else we needed, but would continue on with their conversation, which I thought was a bit rude.  So, the 2 stars I gave this place is solely for the food. No bueno!

I hope I get better service the next time I crave their Lemon Chicken =/
The chicken is food-court quality, but the rest of the food is even worse. The chicken was greasy, the noodles were greasy and bland, and they refused to give us a cup of water - they would only (after asking several times) offer to give us some from the hand-wash sink when they clearly had a soda-tap that dispensed water. AND they had a stack of styrofoam cups! What else would you use them for??
OK maybe it was because I was starving hungry, tired, a little hung over & probably dehydrated from the heat, but honestly, this was one of the best meals I had while in Las Vegas. I had the 2 chicken special - bourbon & blackened - with rice. It was just so delicious & hot & wholesome & filling! It was exactly what my husband & I needed that day! It was a big plate of food for $6.98 & you can't even get a burger for that!
Chicken Connection has a similar format to a panda express.  Pick your main and your sides for about $7.  

You get your choice of fried noodles, red bean rice, or vegetables.  You can get a combination too if you'd like.  I had the rice and veggies; neither were particularly great, but I do like that there was a veggie option.  

Chicken options include lemon chicken, bourbon chicken, pepper chicken, spicy chicken, etc.  I like the bourbon chicken the best.

The portions are comparable to panda express; it's more than I can eat in one sitting. But not quite enough for 2 meals probably.

Service was not particularly friendly.  They will let you sample chicken if you'd like, though.

Notes:
-They don't give out any cups of water; bottled water for purchase, only.
Before leaving my review I want to give my humble opinion on all the negative reviews on this place. The chicken connection is part o the food court at the mall, so it is important to reset expectations to the right levels when you are getting value for your money.

Every time I come to this stand, the staff is friendly and the food looks fresh and appealing (except for the shrimp...the presentation is a bit dry for my taste), including the free samples. Just like with places like Panda Express or Ichiban, you pick rice or veggies and then your dishes.

Every dish you get here is chicken, as hinted by the name, and every single one is tasty. They have bourbon, blackened, sweet and sour, and stewed chicken with a spicy kick. You can get rice and two chicken dishes for $7 minus discount if you work a the mall, making it a good place to come have lunch.

Like a good friend of mine said... "At the chicken connection you get plenty of protein with one carb or veggies for around $7. What else can you ask for?"
Yes I know it's in a mall food court. Yes I know it is Las Vegas. It still doesn't excuse this place for selling horrible tasting food. I ordered the lemon chicken that comes with rice and noodles. The chicken tasted great at first but it just didn't have a strong lemon flavor. I felt like I was just eating plain chicken nuggets. The noodles were disgusting. I felt like they cooked them in saliva because it was all soggy and slimy. Even my girlfriend tried it and said it was gross. The best thing on the plate was the rice that had kidney beans. 
My girlfriend ordered blackened chicken with veggies and rice. Again the rice was great. The chicken was ok but again, no flavor. The veggies were soggy as if they were steamed in, wait for it, saliva! This place is gross. I would have been better off eating some KFC or a burger from Wendys.
I must say, I was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was here. Sure it was just another ol' fast food type restaurant in a food court located in a busy mall in Las Vegas, but the food here was really good! I will say that I was suckered into eating at the place by them offering me a taste of their Bourbon Chicken. Nevertheless, all I can say is that it worked and they knew they had something good going. The lady was really nice behind the counter and the service was just the service (it was a panda express type buffet line; I'm not sure what they could of done to blow my mind service-wise). 

The food, though, is the main reason I'm writing this review. I ordered steamed vegetables, bourbon chicken, and blackened chicken. If I could go back in time, I would double-down on the bourbon chicken because it was so delicious. Also, the steamed vegetables were very fresh during my visit and it made for a great meal. Although, I did steer away from the chow mein because it didn't look that appetizing.

Prices were reasonable and the ladies that helped me were nice. It was a food court though, so I wasn't expecting much. I guess I'm writing this review because I got a bit more than I was expecting. That's always a good thing, right?
Inside the food court at the Fashion Show Mall. It's almost like a Chinese fast food place, but they only have chicken!

What we got:
Lemon Chicken Combo: it's almost like orange chicken, but with lemon instead! Comes with chow mein or red/yellow rice thing. You can have both or just one or the other. The lemon chicken was pretty good, but had a lot of batter. Chow mein were just flavorless noodles and I didn't even touch red/yellow rice. 

I also got to try the Bourbon Chicken, Teriyaki Chicken, and Pepper Chicken. All of them were pretty good too. Bourbon and pepper were probably one of the top chicken sides they had.
I eat here a lot, only because the only other "Chinese Food" restaurant in the Fashion Show Mall Food Court, is Panda Express. 

The Chicken is good. I've ordered many different types, no complaints so far. I tried the Blackened Fish once, after many people suggested it. It really wasn't to my personal liking. I could only take a few bites... Luckily I saw a handicapped man digging through the trash... I went and got a clean fork, and gave it to him to eat. So it went to good use. 

It's a clean place. I've eaten here for years, it's always been very clean. There has been many times the Health Department closed almost every establishment in the Food Court, this was one of the few that remained open. 

The service is not very good. I think there's a huge language barrier between the 2 women up front, and English speaking customers. 


I rated this place 3 Stars, because it's not a fantastic business. If I was able to give half stars, I would've rated it 2 1/2 stars. Although the food is good, the only protein  they offer is chicken, and blackened fish. There are many places that have "Chicken" in the name, that also offer tofu, and beef options. Also, the service. I'd eat there more often if they had a better staff.
This place was the life saviour for the dinner @ 1pm. We were trying to find another resturant and were not able to get there and we saw dominos. The staff (nite shift) was really helpful and he let us in once his delivery person came back, as he said the place is not safe so he didnt let us in as he was alone during that time. we were able to get two large pizzas and bread sticks in no time and finally were able to eat the dinner. Dominos you saved the day.:)
The quality of the food is usually quite good.  Our delivery persons have always been polite.  Except for that one kid that assumed he could keep my change of $4 and then only had $5's and two dollars...really?  I only tip pizza guys $2 since they charge me for delivery anyway.)

The only real issue I have is that they are constantly getting my orders wrong!  What in the world could possibly be going on inside this place where every other or every third order (or so it seems) is jacked up?  I've had wrong toppings, missed toppings, toppings that were replaced because they were out and didn't call to notify me.
Ok, maybe I'll just keeping a tally here.

Ordered the usual, 2 topping med pizza with meat and a bacon/jalapeno cheesy bread.  I got the 2 topping with meat and a CHEESE stuffed cheesy bread, instead, again.

If I had better pizza delivery places to choose from...I would.  But for now, I'm stuck with them and they're stuck with me.  I think they are conspiring against me.

So, now I sit and wait 45 minutes for the correct cheesy bread to be delivered.  I hope they don't put any extra "ingredients" in there!

Until next time, happy eating!
This place is a joke one of the drivers almost hit my wife racing down lake mead on back to back days. Also had two kids in the car. Called the manager and he told me to f off. Class!!!!
Their new Pizza formula:

Pros:
Well, it was an improvement.

Cons:
Salty crust.
The sauce is way too sweet.
The box still might have tasted better.

Well, it was worth a try.
Okay so after about 30 minutes of debating to myself whether or not I wanted to try their pasta bread bowl, I went for it. I ordered the chicken alfredo bread bowl and boy was it GOOD!!! 

When it comes to ordering food, especially pizza, I prefer to order it on-line only because it takes us FOREVER to decide what we really want. lol. They have this new light up pizza tracker that lets you know exactly whats going on with your order from the time they stick it in the oven up until the time the delivery driver has it in their car, it's actually pretty neat. Nice time estimations too! 

I got the chicken kickers and the chicken alfredo pasta bowl! both were yummy, definitely much better then i expected!!
We have all done things we aren't proud of...even Rex Marvin. Sure, I threw a blind old lady down a flight of stairs for touching my foot with her cane. I have gone into hospitals and eaten people's food while they are asleep, took the flowers and used their toilet and not flushed. I have chased little kids off my lawn with a hacksaw and a freshly cut pigs head. I have thrown snowballs that I have soaked in waters and put in my freezer until they were harder than rocks at Girl Scouts just so they would drop their boxes of cookies. I have dreamed of Kenny G naked.  I have done ALL of these things AND some things that I am not proud of. 

I will share one shameful secret with you now. For years, when the tin can collection business was bad, and when the Cabbage Patch sex doll modification industry bottomed out...I was forced...to eat Domino's pizza.  I know! I know. I am a monster. I hate myself. I really do. It is like the time I slept with Melissa Rivers, there is no excuse. There is no water that can clean my body, no booze that can erase my memories, no religion that can fix my broken soul.  Melissa and Dominos...two of the most horrible things anyone can put in their mouth. 

For months I have seen the commercials that Dominos have changed. Apparently the old chef's formula of tire rubber, used diapers, cheese made in the Ukraine and some kind of red liquid type substance was no longer suitable to the American palate.  News flash...it never was! It was cheap. It was easy to get and 9 out of 10 times conveniently placed near a hospital, insane asylum, refugee camp, old man bar or a factory whose chemicals were so strong that it removes 2 or more senses from its long term employees.  The weak, the drunk, the drug addled, the infirmed, the crazy, the stupid and the people who didn't know any better were the Domino's typical crowd. The lobby of a Domino's rivaled the DMV for the scariest place on earth.

Well...dear readers...I know you love me. I know you worship me. I know that I am your God. You know I hate you all, but you don't care. That makes me hate you more. Well, your love of me after this admission will complete the process from abject hatred to indifference.  I tried it again. I did. The commercials got me. I had to know this hot crap could be any better?  Well, you know what...it is. It is MUCH better.  I want to preference this part of my review by saying that all chain pizza places suck and they should not be considered to be real pizza by anyone who doesn't live in Idaho, because they are rubes who know no better. So my stars are based only on chain pizza places and not real food.

So, I tried the new and improved red sauce pizza and it is good for what it is...a step above frozen pizza, and 10 steps below real pizza.  I didn't think it was the greatest thing since sliced bread, I didn't think it was as good as good plain bread. It was a pretty decent chain pizza.  Well, after that...and this accounts for one star...I had a revelation...they serve white sauce and BBQ sauce.  The BBQ sauce was okay, take it or leave it...but the white pizza was so damn good it made my knees shake.  This was actually a good pizza.  Here is why. The white sauce was good, I added chicken and bacon for my toppings...immediately I am giving Dominos every chance to be good. How can you screw this up...well they didn't and they did something wonderful. The butter cheese spread they put on the crust that really is a decent addition with the red sauce, and useless with the BBQ, was now a true delight. This pizza was rich, buttery, cheesy, and delicious.  It cost me 6 bucks, and for 6 bucks I will get it again...and not just when I am high as a kite off of dust cleaner fumes...oh no...it is good enough to eat sober...and lets face it...whoever thought they would say that about Dominos?

Rex doesn't hate you. Rex hates everyone.
This dominoes has really uped their game i order for my business and home and they always cater to my needs thank you!!!!
Its Domino's. The service was on-time, and very friendly. But, it's just Domino's, so the pizza was basic and served the need for a house full of last minute guests.
Horrified.  I walked in and watched the two women stuffing subway in their mouth.  The sandwiches were right on their workspace.  Not only that, but I watched one of the females walk over to box a pizza without gloves after handling her sandwich.  

Personal food should be separate from the work place.  That's cross contamination and it's extremely unprofessional and just disgusting.  

Meanwhile, the workplaces were disgusting.  The surfaces had cheese all over the place, and that powder on the bottom of your pizza was all over another counter mixed with pizza sauce drippings and cheese.  Clean up before stuffing your face at the least please!!! 

I work in the lakes business park and will indefinitely be warning my co-offices about this health violation trap.  First an last time going here.
Hit or miss! 

Ive ordered from this bish a lot and for the most part theyre pretty good! These last 2 times are like WTF though! Ok so I LOVE buffalo chicken pizza, and its seriously not that hard to make! The first time they made me one it came out pretty good. I then ordered it from the Dominos on Del Webb and they made that bad boy on point! Plus the guy was a hottie!

Anway, about 3 weeks ago I ordered a pizza, it came out horrible! There was literally a bottle of red hot poured on my pizza! So I spoke to the manager and he gave me a free pizza. Well I redeemed it a few days ago and AGAIN I was displeased. How can you eff up a buff chicken pizza?! You put some hot sauce, cheese, chicken, and bake! NOPE.

Idk if Ill come back to this place, I may just go see the hottie who knows how to make the pizza!
Seriously, I am a huge fan of Dominos and their breadbowls!
In every other place, I order pasta with alfredo sauce, chicken, bacon, and mushrooms. I ask for EXTRA on everything.
Wanna know what I get? 5-6 pieces of chicken. Very little bacon. And dry pasta.
In other dominos, I get what I ask for. and it is AMAZING.
Not here.
Now my next favorite thing HOT WINGS.
They're so dam stingy here! My hot wings were regular wings with almost imaginary sauce. Wth! No sauce whatsoever.
Where I used to live, their stuff was always great.
I hate that this dominos doesn't deliver what I ask for.
Makes me MAD.
I have to drive elsewhere for my hot wings and pasta.
Not cool, dominos. Not cool.
Beats Little Ceasars any day and about the same price
The food was made really good and it got delivered really quick! I will be ordering again for sure :)
This dominos always does a great job on my pizzas. Sometimes we pick up instead of getting it delivered and The people who work there are friendly. When we get it delivered, the drivers are always nice and the pizza hot. I usually get pepperoni and mushrooms or salami and mushrooms and the ingredients always taste fresh.
So far this is my favorite Dominos and usually do a great job on my pizzas. Only had one mistake so far  in a year and they brought us a new pizza at no charge.(I originally did a take out order) Now that's great service!

I love the dough and sauce, and usually get a hawaiian or green pepper,onion and sausage which have always rocked in the past. Also, despite moving I still take the time to go to this dominos because everyone there gives great service and I like familiarity.
Fast, courteous and the pizza tastes great. Never eating at Little Caesars again, I rather pay the $3 extra for a fresh Artisan than $5 for something sitting out for hours.
I order from this store at least 5-6 times a week. As well as multiple other stores across Las Vegas because of my consistent trips around the valley throughout the week. Their Pizza as well as other edibles they have are always delicious and cooked as well as they advertise, the quality from what I can tell from being a professional pizza eater is second-to-none. I've tried every single big shop in Vegas as well as a few mom and pop shops and Domino's has it right. Excellent service from everybody I've interacted with as well.
One thing is for sure, you know what you're getting when you order Domino's Pizza.  I wouldn't say it's the best pizza by any stretch, but you know all that going into it.  I mean when you're a stranger in a very strange land, sometimes you just call the number on your hotel room swipe card!!

Dominos is kinda the fast-food of pizza... a bit salty, but then you knew that...
Ordered a Pacific veggie pizza No Onions Please! Sure enough ,there were onions on it. Domino's has'nt changed, and their crust still sucks. Try a little harder next time. A pizza order can get much simpler than that.
When I was in college, I delivered food for like 3 different pizza / sandwich joints (whichever was busiest at the time).  I've never heard of a delivery place that charges for delivery not willing to bring the food up to your unit if you live at condo.  

This is a standard service and there are tons of companies that will do it at my location, i see the drivers in the elevators all the time.  I work from home and i'm tied to my computer....can't run down all the time, not that i'm lazy...

 In a crappy economy i guess somehow they have too much business and can't treck up 2-3 minutes in our elevators????  I mean their pizza sucks anyways, they can't go the extra mile?  I guess i'm missing something?  LOL
Bought online - pretty straight forward. The tracker is cool because you know the status of your order. Delivery guy was nice and conversational. He actually may have liked his job! Which says something about Dominos IMO...and FYI I gave 4 stars because the Marinara sauce pack was already open...no one's perfect!
Let's see.. their food is not very good. I like to eat plain cheese pizza or with pepperoni at the most. All their sausage meats are horribly salty which sucks so pepperoni pizza is very difficult for me to eat. It really helps to add veggies on it.

Their new chicken advertised on TV was so gross. It has an odd odor and once you take a bite of that round nugget a bunch of oily gelatin comes out. The kickers are a lot better. They could also try training their drivers to hold the pizza correctly so that the toppings are still on the crust and not on the box. I thought the CEO didn't want to see any more bad pictures of their pizzas when we send them in. Why can't my friends stop insisting that we eat here? LOL
I received an email for a free Artisan pizza so I had to try it out. Generally I used to hate Domino's pizza so hard because of the overwhelming salty taste. I came to figure that their pizza is actually alright if you stick with vegetables and cheeses. If you must get meat, make sure it's with some veggies or don't get pepperoni by itself so it's not that bad. 

I redeemed my coupon and opted for the Spinach & Feta. It only takes 10-15 mins to be ready for pickup. This "artisan" pizza dough is oval shaped and still the same recipe as handtossed. It doesnt come with garlic butter brushed on the crust. So this whole artisan thing is just a phony marketing gimmick. The flavor was actually very good. This was the first pizza I actually LIKE and i am WILLING to order it again in the future and pay the full $7.99 for it.  Feta cheese was always my favorite cheese since ever so that's probably one reason I really enjoy the taste. As for the size I would say thay it is smaller than a large but bigger than a medium. It was also way uglier and uneven, leaving some parts mushy or extremely crispy but somehow it was still pleasant. With the extra cheeses on this pizza (I think it has 3 total- mozz, feta, parmesan) it's more filling than most, if not all their pizzas. They are quite skimpy with their cheeses, so I dont think ordering extra chees does anything at all

I bumped my review to 4 stars because I can finally enjoy my pizza and now I don't have to keep wishing that they were a Papa Johns instead. I share the same block with this location so it's a big deal to me to actually enjoy something from DOMINOS for once. I still hate the other 95% of their entire menu though.
They screwed up my order. I went to pick it up after the time they told me of 10 minutes and sat there for 20 minutes only to find out they completely left out a pizza and charged me $16 for a SMALL pizza. Nice reminder of why I never go to domino's.
Dominos is usually ok, but this is the worst Dominos by far. Sure, given that we ordered on December 31 at like 8 something at night, but they really don't have to rush the hell out of our order and have raw dough?!?!! Geez - we had two regular crust pizzas and they were both undone, but we were so hungry and ready to go out that we didn't say anything about it. I'm pretty sure they should be able to tell that their pizzas are not done. We also got a thin crust pizza, which was pretty good and definitely done. But I would never order pizza from here again.
Less a location review, more a 'Domino's is the worst pizza ever' review. Seriously though, it is. Every two years or so, I get lazy enough into ordering this crud. This time around it was: 'There's a coupon!' 'It's new Brooklyn Style!' & 'They changed the sauce!'

Ordering online is easy. The tracker (which has annoying sfx) stops you from wondering where the 'za is. But ultimately, when it comes to your door, it still STINKS. Without a coup, this Brooklyn style, pacific veggie pizza was to run $17. By Brooklyn style, they mean 'we'll cut less slices so it seems bigger!' Otherwise, it was the same undercooked mealy crust as always. By pacific veggie, they mean 'we'll throw our usual 5-6 veggies that we always use on it'. And that new sauce? Tastes exactly the same as the old one. Boo. My fault for ordering it. If you're reading this, don't make the same mistake I did.
Worst Dominos EVER. If all Dominos were run like this it would be out of business in a week. Ordered a pizza and ONE HOUR LATER they call me to say they don't have change for $100 - even though I ALREADY PAID FOR IT ON A CREDIT CARD. Never doing business with Dominos again after this disappointing experience. If you are in Vegas and want pizza I suggest Metro Pizza instead - at least when you pay for a pizza they actually bring it
okay i called and orderd but when i gave them my adress they said that we dont deliver there i was like really your down the street wtf !! sorry u lost my bussiness !!
This store sucks.

We ordered a two pizzas, and I was watching their tracker system for it. 

It sat in the "Quality Check" area FOR 20 MINUETS! I KNEW when it arrived it would be cold.  An HOUR after I placed the order it got to my door, ice cold.  I gave it back to the driver, she didn't know what to make of the situation and left.  She also forgot my soda.
Wasted an hour of our night.

This is the worst store ever.  MAYBE every 1 in 7 times, it's good, but I get so frustrated that they can't be consistent.  I guess they are consistently bad.

Save your time and money, DO NOT order from this location.

I'm sick that it isn't run better, they need to have a DM come in or something and train them how to make a pizza and drive it in a car to a house while it's still hot.

ETA:  Might as well rant about the other failures I've had with this store.

Driver forgot our soda, had to go to 7-11 to get one for us.
Another time we got a 2 liter, it was room temp....gross.
Wrong pizza in the box with the right info on it.
Underdone crusts.
Hardly any cheese when it was supposed to be "extra cheese"
Whole topping sliding off the pizza.
Crackhead delivery driver around lunch time.
Horrible customer service with any of these issues.
Never had an issue. Pizza is good for a quick dinner. Delivery is fast, never cold. Friendly and clean staff.
Horrible place!! The man hung up on us mid order saying hurry up I don't have all night! Well guess what. No one is in a hurry to order dominoes lmfao!!! It's food you order when nothing else is available. Like what we tried. LOL! Sorry u hate your life but good night Bahahaha wish I could rate less than zero.
Don't use this dominos. They are charging 1.35 for Parmesan cheese. And they claim to have no napkins. Please note that I was not asking for extra. I was asking for 1. The white guy that left as I was walking didn't seem to have a problem
Good pizza,good calzones, and Tony the owner is a cool person
Under new management (Tony's in Florida), this small restaurant tucked away between a barber shop and a store in the Big Lots shopping center/strip mall, across from Sam's Town casino. This place barely surpasses being called a "Hole In The Wall" with mostly booth seating (6) and one large table and a small table in the middle of the restaurant. I am guessing most of the clientelle is from locals that live in the area. Delivery charge is $1.50.

The menu featuring appetizers ($1.95 for fries-$24.95 for 50 pack of chicken wings), subs ($5.95- $7.50), pizza ($10.95- $22.99), calzones ($7.95 or $15.95), stromboli (same as calzones), pasta ($7.95- $14.95), and salads, is pretty reasonable. For example, a small calzone for $7.95 is enough for two people to share. The sandwiches are made with Boar's Head (proudly advertised on the front door BTW) and fresh bread baked daily (half  moon shaped). Daily lunch specials are from monday- saturday, 10:30 am- 4 pm (closed sunday and holidays). There is a Pick-Up Special of one large 1-item pizza for $10.99. I could go on and on about the specials, because there are so many, so these are just a few examples. 

I've had the calzone and the hot pastrami sub from here, and both were excellent. The calzone almost tasted like the one at Villa Pizza, paired with marinara sauce- it's a winner. Like I said, two people with regular appetites could split one small one. The sub was very good, featuring Boar's Head pastrami, paired with pickles and mustard, this was surprisingly very good. Since the meat was Boar's Head, the meat was lacking large pieces of fat (which you come to expect in other places). The bread is baked fresh here, too, don't forget.

This place has been here for 18 years, and the new interior paint on one wall, has given it a fresh look (topographical Italy).  It's located on the left side of the strip mall, tucked away in between a few stores. If you're in the area, check it out.
Seriously the BEST pizza in vegas!  And their wings are delicious too!  This is the closest to real east-coast pizza that I've had in vegas. I travel 20 minutes to enjoy the smells and the great food!  It is impossible to walk into Dal' Italia and not have your mouth water from the incredible smells coming from the kitchen!  :-)
This place is close enough to one of my bases in town to be able to order take-out and save the delivery fee, which is only a couple bucks if you're feeling lazy- but they add an additional charge if you only order a small pizza.

The pizza isn't bad, but it's not outstanding either. The toppings are usually decent, but we've had issues with them throwing unwanted anchovies onto our pizza and denying it when we called them about it later and trying to convince us that it's not an issue.

A small pizza with 2-3 toppings can wind up costing you between $14-17 plus the delivery fee. 

The customer service can be spotty. We've been made to wait while the owner talked to one of the employees and our pizza sat behind the counter getting cold. 

The photos of the owner with celebrities posted on the wall are blatantly photoshopped (and badly).
We are delivery junkies for this place.  I think the large cheese pizza is amazing and we crave it all the time!  I am a huge Metro fan but this place is cheaper and has a lot of heart.  The food is so hot when it gets here I always burn my mouth.  All the other food I have tried is good but the pizza is the real star.  A rare gem in this city!!
About two weeks ago a woman came into my work wearing a Dal' Italia shirt. I started to chit chat with her while looking up the business on Yelp (just another Monday). While talking and reading I noticed they had some good reviews. She mentioned she worked there and even offered to bring a menu over! I really liked that. 

Fast forward one week, I was in the mood for some pizza so I dug up the menu and quickly noticed their lunch specials. They are all reasonably priced and offer different options other than pizza from 11am to 4pm. After a minute of thinking I decided to go with a cheese pizza. The special consists of a 10" cheese pizza and a medium drink. Additional toppings are $0.50 each and the delivery fee is $1.50. 

The pizza was delivered on time and was hot. The cheese, sauce, and crust were all on point. The pizza is definitely worth a try!! 

I gave this place 5 stars due to great service and pizza. Next time I'm going big and adding on a couple toppings.
Apparently, I should have ordered the pizza. 

Someone who heard me complaining about my cheesesteak sandwich asked, "How do you fuck up a sandwich?" Well, here's how: 

For starters, when making a cheesesteak sandwich, call me crazy, but I like there to be cheese in it. Preferably in every bite, but, if not possible, than in at least half of them. Not just down where I get to the bread. Note, I said, "Bread". I did not say, "Calzone crust with a cut down the side." Strike two. When cooking it, add the peppers in near the END of the cooking process - otherwise they get bitter and slimy;  it was as unimaginably bad as finding out your wife's been cheating on you by going down on her and getting a mouthful of his leavings. Then, for God's sake, take it off the heat before A) the steak ends up like shoe leather, and B) the overall temperature of the sandwich is in excess of the surface temperature of the sun. I literally had to blow half of my lunch hour waiting for them to overcook the shit out of my sandwich, and the other half waiting to take my sandwich out of the fridge when it cooled down enough that I wasn't getting burn blisters on my fingers holding it. 


I shan't be returning.
The pizza is legit. 

I worked late last night so my lunch break was pretty much my dinner. They have a special that includes a large pizza with 2 toppings and a 2 liter soda for $17.95. The pizza is pretty big in size and we choose the ham and pineapple combination. 

I would like to see what kind of oven they use because the crust is always delicious. It has some char on the bottom and a little crunch towards the end of the pie. 

Go with the pizza!
I live near this place and had passed by it a hundred times, before finally trying it earlier this year.  I was telling one of my co-workers where I lived, and he said, "Oh, right near Dal' Italia!  You're so lucky - I love that place!"  Since then I've ordered takeout from them on several occasions.  They have an extensive menu, from ravioli and baked ziti, to pizza and wings, to an array of subs.  I feel like I've barely scratched the surface here.  I ordered the meatball sub for take-out tonight.  It comes on a homemade roll and was a respectable size.  The meatballs were large and tasty and the marinara was tangy and chunky, as it should be.  To top it all off, the whole thing was literally oozing with melted mozzarella! On the messy side, but totally worth it!  I also highly recommend the Italian sausage & peppers sub.  It was large and loaded with sausage and peppers.  I've always ordered take-out from here, but they do deliver as well. The dining room here is casual and comfortable, with a couple of TV's on the wall.  The owner and staff are friendly and make you feel welcome, and can often be found chatting it up with their patrons.  It just feels like a place you'd like to hang out at.
I went with my wife and daughter to have dinner there we order spaghetti with meat sauce and pizza half Hawaiian and half supreme when are spaghetti got there it was the nastiest plate I ever seen it was like a soup super watery did not taste good at all when are pizza got there it was so watery like they did not strain the pineapple it was just a horrible experience the Supreme side was alright and the wings was the only good thing that I would go eat there other then that I don't like the food here.
I just ate the Chicken Parmesan from this little place and LOVED IT!!!! I didn't expect to get so much food either it could have easily fed 2. The staff was pretty nice also, as I waited for my order one of the guy's served up a free sample of Italian ice which was also very good. I'll definitely be back for more.
My husband and I passed by this place dozens of times, but today we decided to stop and have lunch.   Wow!   They had a special of a medium pizza with one topping for only $5.99.   So I got that.   Really tasty ... almost as good as back in New York/New Jersey.    My husband ordered a small calzone for $7.95 .... it took a while to bake (about 30 minutes).   I couldn't believe it when they brought it to the table - it was HUGE!!   I'm there "that's a SMALL?!".   Two people could easily share it.   I also noticed a sign that showed daily specials .... if you like calzones it's only $5.99 on Saturday for a small!   We'll definitely go back.
The health department rating is an "A" and the food was great.  Yeah, it took 20+ minutes but it was made fresh!!  They have $1.00 slice if pizza on Mondays and Tuesdays!  Enjoy...
Stopped here a few days ago for lunch.  I was a car behind the one ordering at the speaker in the drive-thru with 2 more ahead of them. 5 minutes later the front car finally pulls out and I go up to order. I couldn't understand the employee and she could not understand me so I had to pretty much wait till I got to the window to order which is when she told me what I wanted would take about 10 minutes to come out. I noticed the car that was at the front of the line still sitting off to the side waiting so I decided against it. I can't comment on the good, but the drive thru service was painfully slow/non-existent. They also don't have much of a value meal menu and some of their meal prices are pretty high. I wouldn't recommend stopping by.
I don't eat fried chicken very often, as a kid growing up in Texas, I remember my father having Church's once a week for lunch.  I would come in from school and he'd be at the table eating, reading his new paper, and there in the chair next to him, our family cat, waiting patiently for a nibble.  

So today while out and about town, my husband had a great idea, let's try Church's. The Louisiana chicken place by the house had closed for some time now, so it made sense to try it again.

Crunchy, juicy, hot out of the fryer, this chicken is delicious. I had a side of fried okra and enjoyed my meal.  I haven't had Church's in such a long time, I had forgotten how it tasted.
The wings are ginormous!

We love Church's, wish they had more here in the Valley.  I love the spicy, we get the huge wings only ( oh, there not called huge wings)  I have know idea, where they get chicken with wings like these.  I usually can't even eat both of them in the 2 piece meal. Yes, they will charge you a little more for 2 wings or all wings, WHAT EVER!  It's worth it.
My husband and I decided to go to Church's and Popeye's and bring both home and have a taste test. Both had pretty good food, and I really like that I could get fried okra at Church's, but I still have to only give it two stars based on the experience. 

Church's was dirty, the building looked ancient, and it seemed like nothing was upgraded since it opened. There were flies, the door was messed up, and although I didn't notice my husband pointed out that the air conditioning was flawed. That was not the worst problem though. Now before anyone calls me a racist, I have no problem with people who can claim that English is their second language. I do have a problem with someone who can barely speak English, and the English they do speak is impossible to understand. She seemed like a perfectly nice person, but she should be working as a food preparer instead of taking orders. 

I feel the lack of customer service and the ambiance really took away from the experience, and it was not surprising that while Popeye's was doing a rather large lunch business, Church's was empty except for one other customer.
Drive thru is painfully slow still.  And the speaker system where your order is still hard to hear because of all the static.  After you order and pull up to the window it took about 8 minutes or so for me to get the food.  I will say I love eating the food every once in awhile.  Lucky I was the only one in line
For a not so busy fast food restaurant,  they are constantly out of menu items or you will have to wait at least 10 min for them to prepare your food.  On my final visit, the cashier recognized me and said, "We always seem to be out of what you want".  How nice of her to acknowledge my willingness to be dissatisfied.
They delivered the pizza on Super Bowl Sunday . . and it was so so . . . 
It got to us fairly quick but it was slightly overcooked and more salty than normal. Three stars .... =-/
Second time getting pizza delivered today and it's my second time being disappointed. Both times the pizza wasn't even cut. I had to get out my own pizza cutter! I ordered hand-tossed pizza and what I got was about as thin as a piece of paper. I try to pick a piece up and it just flops down. The crust was uneven- thick on one half and super thin on the other half. It was warm, not hot. Tasted pretty salty. Not happy at all!!
If you want cheap pizza that tastes good go to Little Caesars 5 Bucks and your out the door! Unfortunately when I order here I get cold pizza looks like crap and comes with no peppers and cheese!  But ya I suppose you get what you pay for =)
Ordered once from this store before.. Took over an hour an a half.  The online tracker kept changing times of when it left the store.  Once the pizza finally came, it was luke warm and the driver said that they are short staffed.  We gave them the benefit of the doubt and ordered again.  Figured, maybe it was a one time thing.  Now, it's been an hour and 15 minutes since the order.  The online tracker said one thing while the store manager passively said they are "super busy" and the tracker is wrong.   This is now twice from the same store that it has taken more than an hour with no sense of apology.  Do not order.
I'm so annoyed with this store and Domino's in general! Yes you can order online, that's nice.  But a few days ago (Sunday) we ordered 2 pizzas, after 45 minutes we decided to call the store only to find out the number you call is a call center.  They then transfer you to another call center that has the capabilities to transfer you to the store.  Well, after an hour we decided to cancel as we were all starving (and had to make a Taco Bell run), I explained to the manager that this was unacceptable so she gave me a few options. I chose to take a credit, even though we had not already paid, and give them another chance.  Well, today we gave them another try and it happened again.  A Tuesday afternoon and they are too busy to handle an order of 2 medium pizzas.  After nearly an hour our pizza showed up and it was hot, so that's good, but I'm done giving them chances.  There's plenty of cheap pizza places close to our home.
Yummy yummy pizza
Very disappointed, for the 2nd order in a row we did not receive an item we ordered, last time it was the stuffed cheese bread, we let that slide, this time an entire pizza was missing, the white sauce with Philly steak and mushrooms did not arrive with the first driver, we had to wait another 30 minutes for the 2nd pizza to arrive, very disappointing.
Horrible food!!! The pizza was extremely dry and had no sauce or cheese according to the manager corporate said they were using to much cheese! The delivery driver was rude and had no personality at all didn't speak one word to us. We ordered cheesy bread and it had no cheese maybe you should change the name since corporate is saying they are using too much cheese. The manager did not seem to care when we called to complain and was actually very rude, I have never had such horrible service until now. Will not be ordering anything from that store from now on.
Domino's has ruined my night. I got home late, my delivery had just shown up, the number they had on file didn't know there was a pizza coming. I call the store for FIFTEEN MINUTES, at least TEN TIMES-no answer! Finally they answer their phone and then proceed to tell me the driver was too scared to come back to my house, actual words "he said it was dark and he felt uncomfortable" then the manager added the store was about to close, so all in all, my pizza cannot be delivered. I understand the manager cannot make his child of a driver deliver my pizza if he claims to be "uncomfortable", so I still want my pizza, and decide to go down myself for my now AT LEAST 20 minute late pizza-mmm, yum. Plus, it'll be nice to put a face to this driver who must be 12-yrs-old.
I get there, no one is up front when they KNEW I was coming! I literally waited three minutes before the driver noticed a customer up front and all he did was call for the manager and go back to the back. Guess what? He looked to be about 35 years old, what the-I'm really trying not to curse throughout this review, but I am LIVID. The manager comes up, looking like he's now the one scared of me, and by the way, this guy looks to be around 18. Not that he's too young to be a manager but he was obviously lacking confidence and intelligence from the whole scenario I'm having with him.
I'm just wondering a few things. Not why they have jobs at all, that would be mean, though the driver really needs to look into a new job if he can't drive to a normal looking neighborhood at night, definitely a poor choice for his career. But I'm also wondering why no one was checking the front more frequently, there was an extremely easily accessible donation jar in my reach the entire time. Someone could easily walk in and walk out. Why my phone calls weren't answered until they were almost closed-actually I was definitely calling longer than 15 minutes. I actually did ask him why they never answered the phone, his response was he was counting the inventory in the walk-in. ARE YOU KIDDING ME!? Your phone is ringing repeatedly during the span of a few minutes, you really aren't going to stop and answer?? Or if you couldn't hear it your employee couldn't tell you the phone was ringing REPEATEDLY!!!!!!??!!?!??!???!?!?!!
WHY THE HELL ARE THESE TWO THE ONLY ONES IN THE STORE ON A FRIDAY NIGHT!?!?!?!?? -Honestly, all this was just pasted from my Facebook post.
As a follow up, I was able to get a hold of the store's GM this morning to tell him about the FIVE charges I found on my bank account, essentially he solved my problem, refunding the money and also giving my a credit for my next pizza with them, but I was unimpressed by the feel I got from him on the phone.
 I really need the DM to be aware that this particular store seems to be falling apart and may need to be checked on.

Names of Domino's staff that "helped" me:
Justin-GM
Andre-Manager On Duty
Shane-Driver
I'm not one to write reviews but after today I feel obligated to let everyone know of the terrible customer service that we received over the phone. From the moment i called I received nothing but complete rudeness from the employee. After asking for the employee's name he refused to tell me and said "what I am asking is beyond customer service". When speaking to the manager, I told him what happened and he did nothing about it. Stay far far away! Besides Pizza Hut is better.
Omg they changed the way they make their pizzq. They use a different kind of crust, like it has been pre made for Domino's!
It was super oily and when we got home the oil was soaking the box which is yucky and makes it not a healthy kind of pizza to serve your family or yourself.
Domino's has delicious pizza, every time! It's always fast, then again we go in to the store to pick it up. I don't understand the negative feedback...honestly what all can you expect from a restaurant chain? I love it, they've got my vote!
They suck big time!!!- don't give ur biz to this store- they r rude, they put u on hold for hours - lmao
Very nice car themed restaurant. Their main draw is their many varieties of chicken wings, ranging from very mild to extremely spicy. They also serve steak that is pretty good, along with great huge burgers. We enjoy the chicken though, and that is the main reason I go.

They have 2 bars inside, one in a smoking section and one in a non-smoking section.
I'm very undecided on this place. The last time we went there it was busy - and the service was terrible. I have been there before and had a better time. Good wings - great variety of sauce choices. Don't even try the hottest sauce . . . I've eaten very hot before - but their top sauce shouldn't even be served. Very nasty - very hot - very dangerous. I hear the place is great on 'bike night' which I believe is TUESDAYS. I wouldn't know since I don't have a motorcycle. If you don't either - I would stay away on Tuesdays.
Gets one star for having Biker Night on Wednesday with a band and bar setup outside. (I wish I had taken pictures.) We walked from our hotel trying to figure out where to eat.  There were 4 choices - PF Chang's (done last night as a group), Abuelo's (where I ate Monday), Apple-bee's and Quaker Steak and Lube (which was closest).   

As we walk up we notice that there is an employee directing the bikers where to park, "Please get close."   Not a good sign, but still we send in scouts to see how long the wait it.  Apparently the crowd is outside because they are able to seat our party of nine immediately.  

Their menu is big; steaks, wings, ribs, burgers, etc.   A number of the party had steaks, the rest chicken wings.   It was a messy meal for me, but good.  Service was good given the number of people that were there.  Granted this is not the place to be a wine snob, but it was a good time.  Loved the atmosphere, the bikers really added to it.
Grade: C-

I suppose I would like this place if I was 8 years old and didn't mind slow service and survived on chicken wings.
I'm a girl who likes her options, so Tuesday nights when they do the All You Can Eat wing special is perfect for me. Not because I plan on eating a bathtub of chicken parts, but because I have a tendency to regret what I order as soon as I see someone else's food. Maybe it's a quest for entree greatness, who knows. I just enjoy getting a little of this, and a little of that. 

It is quite loud and busy(plan to wait if you're going on a Tues!), and obviously not what I'd call "high(or even middle) end". If THAT'S what you're looking for, what are you going to a wing joint for, anyway?
Quaker Steak & Lube has, in my opinion, THE best wings around.  Huge selection of sauces- choose carefully, my friend, lest you sear your tongue.  My personal fave is the garlic sauce, followed by the regular 'hot' sauce.  

It's a little odd to eat/drink beneath stock cars and motorbikes suspended from the ceiling, until you realize they're really not going to fall on your head.  Hmm-wonder if that ever happened?  I digress..

Fairly decent menu, two bars and OK prices.  Nuff said.
Deserves three stars but they are consistent with good service and the restaurant is always clean. Probably not a place I would visit too often but kids love this place. Try the onion rings.
My oh my! I just love their wings. Their spicy sauces are awesome. My kids love getting their food in the car box. they love to take them home to play. It's a little crowded inside and can be loud sometimes. I love the fact that the decor inside has a different feel than other place. The wait time is a bit long but it's all wroth the wait when the wings arrive.
Food is ok at best, wings are way over rated.
Quaker Steak and Lube has the Best Wings that I have tasted in a long time. The wings are big, plump and Juicy. They are not the skimpy little things that they sell in most wing joints. 
C.R. had the Atomic wings. They actually make you sign a waiver before they will put in an order. They were hot, but nothing too severe. 
I had 10 of the Regular Hot wings. They were awesome. They were served with a generous helping of Celery and Blue Cheese. 
The service was wonderful, the decor was a NASCAR lovers dream. There was actually a exact Model of a Rusty Wallace car that was suspended over the Bar. 
My only complaint is that the Middleton, Wisconsin location is the closest one to Chicago. If they ever opened a location here, they would make a killing. It would blow any wing place in Chicago out of the water. 
If you are ever on the road and pass one of these gems, make sure to stop in. The wings are well worth the drive.
Quaker Steak rocks!  Dont listen to any of the reviews with less than 4 stars - these people have no idea what they are talking about.  

We came to Madison and had to make a special trip here since seeing the Man vs Food segment where Adam takes the "atomic wing challenge".  They make you sign a paper saying the restaurant is not liable for any harm you do to yourself after eating 6 of these bad boys (oooh, scary!).  Andy ordered the flavour that was one less hot than the Atomic, which were called the Supercharged.  

The wings come and while they were awesome, they werent anywhere close to the heat level I was expecting.  I wanted to be writhing on the floor in pain, gasping and pleading for my life, and they merely created a bit of sweat across the brow, nothing more.  Had I been hungrier, I could have had 6 more with no problems.  

The interior is definitely geared towards men, with gas pumps and neon signs and an actual Nascar hanging from the ceiling.  The exterior looks like an old time gas station.  I dont really care about that, all I care about is the next time I get to visit Madison and get to have more of those Atomic wings!
The other reviews are right on and this place has the most excellent wings around.  They are plenty spicy and hot and cooked beyond perfection.  YES BEYOND PERFECTION!  The service is great, it's always clean and the place is just friendly.  If you are a gearhead this is a must.
Unbelievably tasty food! Great customer service and unbeatable prices!

My family and I moved to West Madison in January of 2009, leaving our favorite italian restaurant behind back in our hometown. We were searching for a place to go *once a week for family night* and we found it immediately! 

Quaker Steak and Lube was recommended to my brother by a co-worker. So, one Saturday night, right before hitting up The Comedy Club on State, we decided to stop by Quaker Steak and Lube as a "trial". We were immediately greeted and seated with no wait. It was BUSY too. I ordered the chicken fenders and french fries with a side of ranch- they were delicious! Crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside! The fries were seasoned to perfection and the ranch... YUM. It's hard to find a place that serves really great ranch. **So far Red Robin is #1 ranch server and Quaker Steak and Lube is now #2** My fiance ordered chicken wings. They tasted baked and then deep-fried. Their choice of sauces were practically limitless. There was a ton to choose from. My brother and his wife each ordered a burger and fries and a bowl of the cheesy baked potato soup. They were both very pleased with their meal. Our bill came to about $60 which wasn't bad for the four of us. We had a great time and the place is decorated so that even if you went with someone you didn't like, you'd have plenty of things to keep yourself busy staring at.

Overall, I highly recommend Quaker Steak and Lube to anyone looking for a great meal in a fun & friendly atmosphere.

However, this is not the place to take someone to romantically gaze into each others eyes. It's quite noisy and very laid back.

I'm happy to say that our family day at Quaker Steak and Lube is every Tuesday *ALL YOU CAN EAT WING NIGHT* for $12.99 (unlimited wings, fries & soda)
Being the self-proclaimed "Wing King" it's a must that anytime I'm in Madison I make a stop at QS&L. The ambiance is kind of annoying... Okay, it's really annoying, but the food here is bomb and I've never had a weak drink...

We usually roll with the Supercharged wings as they're the spiciest available that still have a good, bold flavor to them. Their wings are always steaming hot, and PLUMP PLUMP PLUMP!  No bullshit third world chicken wings here. And that I can definitely respect!

During my last visit, after taking down a double order of Supercharged wings, I was challenged by my party to eat the new Triple Atomic wing because I was "scared and a pussy." Since I'm so easy to get to when it comes to such things (mainly food challenges) I decided to take on 500,000 SHU. Six beautiful wings came out with a red siren and rubber gloves, hahahaha. I wore just one of the gloves as an ode to Michael Jackson and went to work. They were definitely spicy, but nothing the King couldn't handle. The only thing that sucked was at about wing #4 my right eye started sweating and the spice laden sweat oozed from my pores and got into my eyeball forcing me to finish my plate looking like a damn cyclops. I finished though. Thanks for the free drinks, boys. THE WING KING LIVES ON.
The wings are completely superior to BW3.  The atomic wings are grossly hot.  Not sure how anyone eats them.  The rest of the wing menu has great variety and is full of taste.  My biggest knock on them after multiple visits is the service.  I have had experiences with poor wait staff as well as a poorly handled situation by the manager on duty.
This is a great place to go out and eat. Their is quite a bit to see when you sit down. From all the cars, vehicles, and other things they got hanging from the ceiling, or glued to the wall. It is normally really loud inside, which can get a bit bothersome when your trying to talk to friends or family, and it sucks when you get placed in the bar area, and some people can be very rude and careless (you can tell when their gettin' drunk) besides all that, their is a nice selection of food to choose from, and everything is great. Now, wings are not my thing but Quaker Steaks are pretty good. Although i will never push myself to try the Atomic sauce, because i hate hot... If you in the Madison/Middleton area and want some good food at a good price, you should check out Quaker Steak....
Good concept, great wings, family friendly, for what the place is, great food, well executed. My son loves the place and they give you a gigantic popsicle for dessert. What's not to love...
We have these where i grew up and I was suprized yo see one this far west. Food is always good. The atomsphere screams biker or grease monkey. I had a luburger and it was pretty good however, I could not finnish it. All in all pretty good meal
I only get one thing at Quaker Steak, wings. On Tuesdays they have all you can eat wings for (I think) $12.95. They are served in small batches, and you can order them with a variety of sauces. I have tried many and am now set on the Badger (Buckeye (gag) BBQ). That sauce has just the right amount of heat and sweet. Can't really comment on any of their other food though. Service is excellent on Tuesdays, and so so on other weekdays.
Gonna have to knock this place back to Sept 10.   Changed cooks? dishes?  Not sure.   Prices way too much for what we got.   Waiter/waitress was good but the food was meh.  I have had better meals at Culvers.  Won't be going back.
My family and I have been coming to this restaurant for over three years now and we still love the food...I wish I could say the same about the service.  More and more frequently we have experienced absolutely horrible service.  Ranging anywhere from inattentive service to incorrect orders being served and more often less than hot.  The thing that has prompted me to finally write this though was my family's most recent visit.  Some twenty plus minutes after we ordered, I had to alert the waitress to the fact that we still not been served any of our meals (even my son's salad), while the table behind us who had arrived 5-10 minutes after that had already received there second helping of all you can eat wings.  There didn't seem to be any real reason for this since the restaurant was fairly empty (it was before 6:00pm),  We soon got our food (my son getting about a minute for his salad before our entrees came), but there was no explanation of what happened or even an apology for what happened and the food was lukewarm to boot (even though the waitress cautioned my son about how "hot' his plate was). 

I know not all the staff is so inattentive, but honestly it seems to be getting worse and worse over time.  If we could get the menu items elsewhere we likely would never return to this location...And yes, I plan on completing the 'survey' on their receipt with this same narrative!
This place is always a good time, and the food is delicious. I've been there for the all-you-can-eat wings as well as other food. Definitely a spot worth checking out if you like sports bars and 'bar food'.
Whenever I find myself in Madison, Wisconsin, I always set aside enough time to drive over to Middleton and eat at Quaker Steak &  Lube. I've had wings all across the country, and I always compare them to QS&L's wings. 

The thing I love about this location, is the Biker Rally that takes place weekly...you have got to see it to believe it. Truly amazing. 

The staff is always courteous and quick to help you. The menu has just about everything you could want on it, but the wings are a must! From the tame BBQ sauce to the "Atomic Wings Challenge" (as seen on Man vs. Food, and you must sign a waiver before even tasting one wing) the sauces are top-notch. My personal favorite is the Arizona Ranch.

If you ever come across one of these restaurants, you need to stop in...I look forward to any business trip I make where there is a QS&L...especially to Middleton, Wisconsin where I had my first taste of the best wings on earth.
Consistently good food. Really good Greek nachos and great wings.
Beer, wings, sports on multiple TV's, a decent menu with predictable choices.  Quaker Steak and Lube delivers on what they present.  

Its a big busy place, with good service.  The beer selection was not extensive, but the food choices were.  I really enjoyed their Southwest BBQ chicken flatbread.
YUM YUM
I've been to a few locations for this franchise...WI, OH and IL...none of whcih ever disappoint...I almost always get a really nice server...they're usually really helpful when you're asking for suggestions and such
I usually order the wings with Buckeye BBQ sauce and pretzels...but even that's too much to eat for one person...
This particular location has a great outdoor patio with tvs, lots of fresh air and great servers...perfect location for the businesses nearby.
Whenever I find myself looking for a great place to dine out I kick around a few ideas but always end up going to Quaker Steak. Love, love, love their food, prices, atmosphere, the whole shebang!
Their wraps are to die for. Their loaded french fries--um...YUM! Chicken wings?! Sign me up!
I love everything about this place. They take excellent care of every customer beginning with their friendly staffers down to the licorice and warm wipes at the end of every meal.
Seriously, if you haven't been here you're missing out. Go and you'll become a regular like me! 
And be sure to stop in on a Wednesday evening now that it's summertime for Bike Night! Awesome bands are always rocking out outside!
Good stuff...man vs food atomic wing challenge!
In the past this place was great. Lately though, things are falling apart. While waiting for the food, i took the kids to play some video games. The server dropped off the food, but no napkins and no utensils. I had to go to the front to ask for them. My burger came with about six fries. Hello? Fries are CHEAP, so why scrimp there? She never came back to refill drinks. When she asked if we wanted dessert, I had to point out that the kids meals come with popsicles, to which she said "oh". When the server came back with my change, there was no receipt, and the change was $2 short, so who knows if she even rang it up. 

The food was pretty cold too. 

I wish I could have my $40 back and go to a place that gives a S about return business. I just ate my last meal there.
Quaker Steak & Lube is always my choice for catching up with friends from high school. And for good reason.

The seating is plentiful and Tuesday nights have "All You Can Eat" wings which vary in over 20 flavors, the beer selection is also very good. The service can be a bit less attentive on Tuesday nights due to the high volume of customers, but I've been here other nights of the week and it's top notch.

Overall, this place is great for groups of people.
Been here many times. Give it a general thumbs up. Good wings and burgers. Don't recommend the steak. Some memorable times at karaoke nights here. The bar manager in the main bar area (to the right when you come in) is a good guy - once I complained because my wings were legitimately cold and without much sauce. Sent me a new, fresh+hot round of wings with plenty of sauce and comped a good portion of the meal. That's really the only time ive ever had a bad experience, and he made up for it.
Ate there once a long while ago and won't go back. The food tasted like it had sat under a heat lamp for the entire day. Maybe even the previous day too. Even McD's has gotten away from that. Plus not that much for what we paid. No thanks. Should admit I'm more a legs guy and not so much for the wings. I don't think anyone in our party ordered wings either so maybe that's why I wasn't impressed.
The wings are not all that large but are tasty. The server was nice but the food and drinks took a lot too long.
I had the Philly Cheese Steak Flat bread and it was dah bomb!  The service and the food was great.  The place has a unique look to it, like a 1950s diner on the outside.  On the inside it has race car decorations all over the place.  I went on a Wednesday night and they had a rock band there on the bar side.  The rock band was good, but I was sitting on the restaurant side and just wasn't in the mood to hear all of that noise.  So I am giving it 4.5 stars instead of 5.   I will definitely go back again, I will just make sure it's not concert night.
Wow!!!!  So many different types of sauces!!!!

i love hot wings!!!  Wings has to be my most favoritest thing as appetizer.  When I was on business trip to WI and saw Quaker Steak & Lube, i HAD to go there. decor was pretty cool~  family oriented restaurants.  I order all you can eat wing thing on the menu (Tuesdays).  I tried various flavors.  I gotta say, i didn't have a favorite flavors but i have to say i was pretty surprised by their spicy ones (i tried the second spiciest one on the menu).  WOW!!!!! they make you sign their waiver before you can order them! and i gladly signed the waiver.  i don't think i've EVER had anything that spicy before!!! hhahaha. it was a challenge. I couldn't finish all of it, it was just too spicy.. i thought i was gonna die!! hhahaha! and I LOVE spicy food.  but i wouldn't try that again. it didn't have flavor.  sad... 

Service was great.  Can't complain. it was overall a good experience =)
Meh. This place offers mediocre food, but a fun atmosphere. Looking for some great wings, I headed over the Quaker Steak and Lube after seeing it featured on Man V Food. Unfortunately, I was let down.

The wings are not the best. Not very crunchy, and a lot of chewy skin. The sauce left something to be desired as well. If you are looking for a chain with wings, BWW's is a better bet.
While I normally would shy away from anything called "Lube Chips", cause, you know, it's got the word "Lube" in it. And imaging something like a "Lube Chip" in my 7th grade-like mind just doesn't sound right.  

But they're actually good.  

For that matter, the whole restaurant is good.  Plus they have a car mounted sideways on the wall.  Seriously.  It's solidly hung too.  I checked.  It's not going anywhere.

What I appreciate is unlike other wing-establishments of their kind, their sauce names actually line up to their heat.  If you order a medium hot sauce, it's not mild nor hot.  Their Arizona Ranch sauce is a spectacular mix of medium-ish sauce with ranch dressing.  

For entrees, I'm a fan of the wrap and my wife has actually gotten the steak a couple of times.  She was pleased.

The adult beverages are reasonably priced and a good selection too.  

Service has always been good for me.  

Now I'm thinking I am going to go there after work.  See what writing this review has done for me?
Great wings and beer selection!
service was good, but the food kinda sucked...

I can see going for the gimmick and drinking with group, but not for a meal
I must say, the next couple of times we have been there, the service has been improved...hopefully it keeps moving in that direction!
We have been eating here on our way up north for 7 years... and in the past two years it has gone downhill. Saturday we were excited to go and it was wet carpeting smell, inattentive waiter, my  husband's margarita was very MEH and took FOREVER to get. It's a MIX...not handmade. And, the glass wasn't even filled. We almost dined and ditched. That's how bad the beginning was. The wings were not hot but still tasty. The Thai, Asian Sesame and garlic were good, but because of the musty wet smell we won't be back. 

Sadly.
Summary:
What quaker Steak lacks in class, consistency, quality, and value it more than makes up for in gluttony.  

The Big Deal:
All you can eat wings for around 13 dollars is a weekly ritual that I only somewhat begrudgingly keep up Tuesday nights.  The format is you get 4 wings at a time which surprisingly come out not at the snails pace of a normal all-you-can-eat game but at a decent pace.  Long Islands are 3$ and service is pretty quickl

My favorite:
Get supercharged wings.  They are absolutely delicious, even if after 4 I wind up crying they are still so tasty.  For the more faint of heart you gotta try Haute Parm.

Shortfalls:
Sometimes they serve you wings that are too dry or are overcooked but the next four are usually better.  The Long islands aren't as strong as good ones, but hey, it's not like the Lube is a Gay Bar (which by the way is the least apparaently true statement I've ever made). The huge hordes of high school jocks hitting on the food runners only heat the blood without boiling it.  I love hate this place.

The Secret:
They also deliver, and when you order a big bucket of wings they have yet to totally miss the mark for me.
Save you money!

I guess I should have gotten the wings?!? Ended up getting burgers... Big mistake!! Unseasoned and dripping in grease..
Mixed feelings about Quaker... I have literally flipped the rating between 2 and 4 stars, so 3 sounds like an appropriate middle ground.

We visit this location quite often because it's close to the office, offers a decent selection of brews, and features a decent happy hour.  I'm a fan of the three bars - two inside, one outside - as you're almost assured to find an open bar stool.  We've sat at tables and have had mixed service results - some servers are attentive and accurate; others, not so much.  The bar almost always offers reliable service.

The appetizers are solid.  Fried pickle wedges?  Yes, please.  Pretzels with beer cheese dip?  I'll take a full order, please.  The pub-style chips with the aforementioned cheese dip?  Absolutely.

The wings are hit-or-miss.  If you're looking for quality wings, you're best served to attend on one of the non-all-you-can-eat nights.  It seems as if the kitchen really rushes the wing orders on those AYCE nights; sauces are inconsistently applied, and the wings aren't always as hot as you'd expect - I'm guessing they're grabbing wings from a bin during the AYCE nights.

Visit on a "normal" night, and you'll find the wings (including the boneless variety) are more consistent, and better prepared.  We stopped-in on a non-bike night Wednesday and were pleased with the boneless and traditional wings - they were all excellent.

QSL also hosts various themed nights, primarily during the summer months.  Bike night is ridiculously busy - it's literally a zoo outside.  Car night is nearly as busy, so if you're not into big crowds and drinking beer from a plastic cup, you might want to visit on another night.

All-in-all, you can do a lot worse than QSL. 

QSL = OK

Service = 3 stars (better at the bar; tables are inconsistent)
Food = 3 stars (good on normal nights; inconsistent on AYCE nights)
Value = 3 stars (a little pricey; decent happy hour & nightly specials)
MISC = 3 stars (big area, cool memorabilia)
The place has good wings, but only if you order them at the restaurant, they are far worse when you order takeout (I've ordered in both at the location and takeout more than once, so I feel this is consistent). All of the rest of the food is very average.
It's my third time eating from/at Quaker Steak & Lube, I've eaten at the Madison location, taken out from the Middleton spot and this time I sat at the Middleton location. It was pretty empty, but it was the day after Christmas. People still were in family mode and staying in from what I could tell.

I was excited to order some boneless wings, nothing like knowing what you want before you go in! I tried a Custom Built Combo - Loaded Magna Fries and 6 pack of wings (original BBQ) and six more wings with Dusted Chipotle BBQ. I don't typically order dry rubs for wings or ribs (I know that's a popular Southern way). When they came out, the 'dusted' wings were hands down my favorite. I will go back again just to have those wings in that dusting.

The fries were good, initially, but as I got the remaining fries at the bottom, they became dry and less enjoyable. The service felt under-attentive, knowing how empty the place was, we were surprised to hear their trivia consoles were all out. We also sat waiting for refills a little long - especially after he came and asked if we wanted refills.

When I got to my second to last wing, I thought 'wow, this is a big wing!' ...it wasn't a wing. In fact, I had no idea what it was (at the time). First bite - not a wing. Second bite - nothing but pepper (spit into napkin). I pointed it out to the waiter, not because I wanted something free or a new meal (I was full and got my money's worth). But I was really curious what it was.

As we were getting up to leave the manager rushed out with a free 6 pack of wings as an apology (again, not what I needed, but it was well welcomed). Turns out it was breading... nothing but breading. Yeah, that explains what I tasted. He had also never seen that happen before - so don't worry - it shouldn't happen to you.

Overall, a great gimmick restaurant with the play on their name and the decor in each location. I won't be going out of my way to visit the Middleton location again, but the downtown Madison location is a great spot. I'll stick to that one from here on out!
Best wings,,, bartender Nancy is awesome
You know, as much as I want to hate this place...  as a liberal...  a former hippie...  as a person who was at one point a vegetarian for more than a year...  a practitioner of yoga for 7 years and counting....  I still just can't resist this place.   They're just a 1970 Dodge Challenger 440 at wide open throttle.  

That spicy burger of theirs is my fave. So freaking good.  So ridiculous, unnecessary, extravagantly unhealthy I'm sure, but so good.  God bless Amurrrricaahh!!!
I've always enjoyed the wings here and the onion ring tower was delicious and intimidating.  The waitress had a good beer suggestion which I have since forgotten but I will be returning the next time I'm back in Madison to rediscover that long lost ale.
My wife and I went there earlier this evening and I can say all the comments about the service is true.  Absolutely brutal!  We were seated quickly, but after sitting at our table  for 10 minutes and not one server came by to take an order we gave up & left to find some other restaurant that valued our business. Trust me, go somewhere else.  We went to Monks across the street and received very attentive service.
Had a great time here on a Saturday night!  Great food, attentive server, good beer and staff very friendly.  Had the veggie flatbread pizza, the whitefish and chips, and the fried pickle appetizer.  All were excellent!  The only drawback: Beer was a little pricey.  I would definitely go again.
This place is for dudes.  
In the nicest way, I am not into cars, bikes, wings, or sports as much as the rest of you are, and that's just fine by me.  
Every time I have visited Quaker Steak and Lube, the men in my life find this place exciting; the memorabilia, the menu, the WINGS, the beer, the sauce list....  So if you're looking to take your boyfriend or hubby out for somewhere he'll like, then take him here.
I've been for lunch, dinner, and bike night (Wednesday).  There's guys in jeans, dress pants, leather chaps and they all get into this place like no girl will.
Wings, boneless wings, breaded wings, grilled boneless wings, saucy wings, tangy wings, thai spicy wings, bbq sweet wings, buckets of wings and wingy wings.  We had an amazing burger, something southwestern sounding with jalapeno's, slaw, black beans, cheddar cheese and sour cream.  The waiter said it was his favorite and my hubby agrees he'll be back for another one. 

Outside patio is nice but the smokers catch me off guard every time.

Bike night is an interesting event, good live bands, lots of chrome, leather, and excellent people watching.  Don't expect to be seated or get your food right away if you're there in the midst of the event.  We waited for over 45 minutes for our food.  Hang out, drink a beer and take it all in.
Great wings!!!!!!!!!!! I love this place great people great food. bike night was great. Was here in  July 2011
If you are a car or motorcycle nut you would probably up this a star just for the ambience.  There were many motorcycles perched above the tables, hanging from the ceiling.  A little boy in the next booth asked his dad 'if one of the motorcycles fell - would we get hurt?'  I think the answer was - yes, but hopefully no one would be under them.  Well that started me thinking and I, of course, had to check out how they were mounted.  Looked pretty darn secure to me so now it was time to relax and play some buzztime NTN trivia and have a couple drinks and some appies.  

Our waitress said they are known for their wings and so we tried several different sauces with the boneless chicken breast tenderloins - very healthy - well, except for a sodium overload.  We also ordered some shrimp tacos which had three pretty good size deep fried shrimp along the usual accompaniments.  Quite tasty.  

I would go back if I were in the neighborhood for some fake healthy chicken wings and trivia.
This place was just amazing, the atmosphere was inviting with lots of car memorabilia and actual cars above you. This place is known for their wings, so I got their endless boneless wings (Thursday only). I was a huge fan of their Thai 'R' Cracker flavor as well as Louisiana Lickers. The service was kind and accommodating . As a Chicago land native I'm used to Buffalo Wild Wings...... Well no more can I eat wings there. This place was great!!!
First time to go here and pleasantly surprised. Great theme carried through the decor and menu. Had a great salad, excellent service from Justin. Would love to go back and try the wings, beer and burgers!
I've been to QSL many times since the last review; the past few visits warrant an updated review.

Most recently hosted a work-sponsored party, and things were FANTASTIC.

+ Very easy to reserve, plan, and arrange the event - from the General Manager to the managers to the employees - everyone was very helpful and extremely professional. Huge shout outs go to Sam, Caprice, and Ariana; they were so great to us. I can't recall the general manager's name, but he was invaluable as I was planning the event.

+ Garage area was perfect for our group - private, cozy, comfortable

+ Excellent selection of taps, with great happy hour prices

+ The "catered" menu was superb - tasty wings and other finger foods, all presented very nicely

+ Bartenders (Caprice & Ariana) were fast, friendly, and accommodating

+ They allowed us to set music style/volume to whatever we wanted

+ Clean-up and packing-up of the extra food was efficient and very helpful

I'm definitely a fan. If you're looking for a place to host an event - birthday party, showers, work celebrations, etc... I wouldn't hesitate to call and arrange something!
We're here in Middleton for Epic training and one of the guys in our group grew up near here so of course he wanted to take us to Quaker Steak and Lube.

 Having been moderately disappointed with the last few times I've ordered "hot" wings I was intrigued when I saw that they claimed the best wings and also had a triple atomic challenge. I was a bit suprised at the cost to attempt the challenge (13.99 for three wings and a t-shirt if you succeed) so I opted to just order their all you can eat special and maybe get a few towards the end to see what they were like. So after a few orders of variously spicy wings I ended up at the level just below the atomic. At that point we had a bit of debate at the table which ended up with my skipping the atomic and going right to triple atomic.

 The waitperson let me know that there was an additional charge which was fine and he provided me with a waiver to sign. With the "legal" formalities out of they way they brought out my last order of wings with the triple atomic sauce, and  they even threw in a bonus wing! With a small amount of trepidation, I sniffed the sauce for the telltale chemical odor of capsaicin extract which can give you some pretty nasty chemical burns. It seemed to be ok so while everyone stared, I dug in, carefully avoiding my lips. Finished the first and waited a bit for it to sink in... not bad! Good slow build on the burn and a LOT of complex flavors. It was apparent that whomever developed the recipe was a spicy food lover as well. I finished the rest of the wings and settled back to enjoy the endorphin rush. 

I even got a little bit in a togo cup for a fellow chili head back home. Wonder what TSA will have to say about that? Hope no drug sniffing dogs are injured in the the process.

So thanks to the staff at the Middleton Quaker Steak and Lube for warming up this guy on a cold January night. My daughter is super excited to get the t-shirt.
Quaker has the best wings in Madison.

A long time ago I used to be an avid BW3 person, then I was introduced to Quaker by the boyfriend (who used to work here in high school) and my life changed. LOVE this place. It is a total dude place, as the decor is car themed, but I love coming here. We always have a great time, and their specials are ever-changing. I have been here for AYCE, wing nights, and Bike nights. Each one is a unique and fun experience.

We used to go to the Quaker downtown as we could walk there, but we love the wings here so much that we drive out to Middleton regularly. The sauces are always being updated, but I would definitely recommend: Parmesan garlic, Arizona ranch, and any of the dry rubs. Their ranch is DELICIOUS. And their burgers are yummy, too! I have had the mac and cheese burger (good) and the jalapeno burger (AMAZING). I suggest you try the apps, as they are always a good match to beer at the bar. 

Overall, we come back here again and again for the food, the sports aura, and the unique experience we have every time. Definitely recommend for a meal with family or a group of friends, especially during a Wisconsin game!
A good place for kids, since the interior is similar to a pit stop or garage with a car/motorcycle theme.  I guess they do well on alcohol sales, because there are 2 distinct bar areas.  I was seated in Scotty's bar area, and he had me try a fantastic pale ale.  The food is similar to Buffalo Wild Wings, if you have ever been there.  It's mostly sandwiches, salads, wraps, and chicken wings.  On a day where the temperatures hit -5 F, the hot food and prompt service were definitely appreciated.  Sit in Scotty's section if you want some local knowledge or need advice on beer!
Best chicken wings in the United States. I have also had the burgers here and they are also delicious but the chicken wings are the hilight of this place. There are tons of different sauce choices to chose from to extremely hot to mild. This place has great food for the entire family. The bar is also perfect this place has plenty of tap beer to chose from and also plenty of mixed drinks.  I recommend trying the leaded lube n aid this drink  contains lemonade and vodka. This place is no doubt a 5 star place. I have been here many times. Just miss Brenda our favorite waitress.
I just got done eating at Quaker Steak and Lube, and I was very very disappointed. I recently saw this restaurant featured on the show Man vs Food and the food looked delicious mainly the wings. I'm a big fan of wings so I ordered a few wings with some coleslaw. I didn't have time to eat there so I placed an order for pick up. I was told the food should be ready in about 15-20 minutes. I arrived to pick up my food about 15 minutes after ordering and I had to wait another 15 minutes to receive my food. Once I got my food I opened up my bag and observed the carrots and celery in little plastic bags like you would find in a 4th graders lunch. There was no utensils or napkins which I discovered when I was long gone. Once arriving home I then began with the fries. The fries were barely warm and not salted. the coleslaw didn't taste like anything and the tasted old. As for the wings they were okay at best, the wings were cold. With my hopes high for a great lunch I was let down by disappointing food.
Wings very tasty, wish the breading was just a bit less but, they are not greasy and very moist, steak was awesome, daughter had ribs & reported they r gr8! Dont know why the bad reviews. I plan to return. You should too! Nice selection of tap beers!
one of my familys favorites always excellent service been here probaly been heren15 times only had one small issue got onion when asked without but was fixed asap good wings nice variety from so hot they bring you gloves for hubby to mild for me good selection of entree from burgers and sandwich steak pasta fish taco were very good i enjoyed the ribs hubby thought they were a little too sweet good apps liked boom boom shrimp and the pretzels good kids menu kids love the little cardboard cars they come in generally around 50 dollars before tip for family of 5
What a clever place. Delicious and quite entertaining menu with lots to choose from. The boom boom shrimp and lube burger were a hit among our table.  My family and kids loved it, but I really see the 60 something man in his Harley stage(my dad) loving this.  Service was a bit slow but it gave us time to check out all the bikes and cars on display.
I had a server in training, so it was a little trying.  I came here for lunch.  I ordered the buffalo chicken salad.  It was ok, but the lettuce was wilty and since I was hungry and my server didn't come by to check on me until later I ate it.  I did tell the server and he sent the manager to me.  We talked about the meal and he offered to get me another salad.  I was on my way out and told him it was a palpable for the time for me but to make sure to check the rest in the kitchen.  I'd come back, but maybe for something they're really known for instead of something with a small taste of it.
Last night for Wi vs Az basketball game I had gray wings and observed great bar tending by 2 female bar tenders. One trainer and one trainee.  Would have given a 4 or 5 star rating, but went back in today for Mi vs UK and the male bar tender  was terrible. put in wrong order for my wings and pretty sure he didn't give me the correct beer.  Tried to tell him but he didn't understand.  Pretty disappointing.
Finally a place that has some real hot wings! Triple Atomic is awesome and will make you sweat. Reduced my rating because the beer selection could use some help. Lots of taps but not that great of selection for a town that has some really good micro-brews.
Cheese Steaks!  That's what they do ... place looks like a bar (but no liquor offered) ... very clean ... very nice ... GREAT Cheese Steaks ... with Cheese Wiz and the buns rock!!!
Well I think I've had my sodium and sugar intake for the week. Great cheese steaks need great bread. And Corleone's delivers. I mean on the bread. Nice, soft and fresh. I have no idea if they actually deliver. Sliced rib eye meat, grilled onions and the sauteed mushrooms I added all held together by THE WIZ baby...I'm all about the WIZ. And I rarely drink soda, but was given a humungous to go cup and I filled it half with Hi C orange fruit punch (when was the last time ya'll had HI C?) and half with Sprite. Damn good. Damn good. Finished it all off with some decent fries and watched Headline News. Place was clean. Service was great.
I'm all for Corleone's. Great cheese steaks in a nice atmosphere. I usually go with the original with provolone. I know, you're supposed to have Cheese Wiz, but I'm just not into processed cheese. The service is great and the people who work there are always friendly. Thumbs up to cheese steaks from Corleone's!
If your looking to fill your stomach, Corleone's is a favorite of mine.  While it's not the cheapest, it is worth it.  great for lunches or after a long night.  

The first time I heard The Wiz it sounded like Cheeze Wiz but I was assured that it was much better than canned pressurized cheese...I was no mislead.
Yo, Youse guys better hit up dis joint if you know whats best for you.

According to their t-shirts, New Times likes it.  What other proof do you need?  Okay, okay.  I give it my stamp of approval too.  Here we go.

Great Philly's... They call 'em cheesesteaks, I call 'em philly's... Who cares.  Watch out though, they'll dump a bunch of cheese whiz on your sandwhich if you don't ask for provolone.  Oh, also... if you want peppers on your philly, you have to ask for it.

Great service!  We even changed our order at the pick-up window and they had NO problem fixing it!  Fries were great with the supplied... wait for it... MALT VINEGAR! Yay!!!!!!  They have state of the art ice tea machines that make you feel like a rocket scientist when you use them.  The provolone is mixed in with the steak before they put it in your buns (ouch!) so it is nice and meltilicious...

The decor is godfather meets rocky balboa with a twist of 1920's depression. Yes, yes... it IS industrial decor like all the new chains, but it fits!!!!!

Thinking of going somewhere else for a philly? Fogettaboutit!
After giving up on Luke's many months ago, I've been looking for a place to get my beef on. I'm not sure why it took me so long to build up my courage to try this place, but I finally ventured in today for lunch. While not the best sandwich I've had, this definitely fills the need. Juicy flavorful sandwich with super soft fresh bread. 

The place is REALLY clean. They've only had 2 major health violations in the nearly 2 years they've been open. Most restaurants typically have 2-3 PER VISIT. 

I had the 6" cheese steak with provolone and grilled onions. I loved that the grilled onions were thinly diced and not the typically stringy style. There was the perfect amount of them, not a heaping distraction from the great steak. 

The fries were perfectly crispy (slightly overcooked, which I love) and hot. 

The diet coke tasted great as well. 

All this for under $10? Not too bad. I'll be back for sure!
Their sandwiches reminds me of cafeteria food in Junior high school.   Best used for a food fight.  Save your money and go to chipotles next door.
My friend really talked this place up so I was excited to try it, but we both walked out disappointed. I had the Chicken Italiano which is marinated chicken with provolone, spinach, and grilled onions.  This portion of the sandwhich was actually really good, but the bread was awful!  It seemed like it had been pulled out of a freezer. My friend was also disappointed in his cheesesteak, inside and out. The fries were quite tasty though :)  For $9 a sandwich, give me fresh bread!
Go for the fries!! 

Use their coupon for the cheese steak. Because it seems like the gansta thing to do. 

So, we were mailed a coupon for a 1/2 sandwich with fries and a drink for $5. Sounds like a smoking deal, but the best part wasn't the sandwich. It wasn't the worst thing ever, but it was meh and lacked something. My sandwich was just laying there like a bored hooker. I snarfed the fries down on my drive back to the office and they really are good. Perhaps, if I return, stuffing the fries in the sandwich would liven it up? Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps.
I'm surprised at the bad reviews. I have eaten at the Camelback location twice and the Mill location about five times. Every time it is great. The bread is so good! Soft, tasty, etc. The meat is so flavorful and juicy! Every time it is good! I always get the original. I have eaten at Forefathers once, and I prefer Corleone's! Much more flavorful! My Sister disagrees, but my Husband agrees. I recommend Corleone's! It is the best Philly I have had! 

Oh, I almost forgot, the service! The service is amazing at Camelback, free extra cheese, etc.  The manager there is so friendly! The service at Mill has been hit and miss.

I gave five stars because it is the best I have had, but I have never been to the city to have the real thing, so I can not compare.
Went for lunch with 2 colleagues and we all ordered different sandwiches. All of us ate every bite and commented that the food was really good. Plus, as we went for lunch, we were in and out in about 20 minutes. And the fries are really good!
My coworker/friend and I visit this little "gem" only once in a blue moon just because of the prices.  If we could go based solely on the food, we'd probably be there at least once a week.  The original philly cheese steak sub with cheese wiz is to die for, but man are they overpriced!!  You can't get out of there without spending over $20 on two people for lunch... for fast food, I consider that a little on the spendy side.
Gotta try the Philly Cheesesteak wit Wiz. Yup- Cheez Whiz, the orange stuff from a can. It's a bit salty for my taste but not bad. I came here for lunch and against my better judgment, I went with the 6 inch....

Go for the foot long! (That's what she said.) 

I also wished they gave me more fries with my meal, those are good. As I was leaving, there was an after 4 pm special so it may be worth trying after dark because unless you want to spend about $8 on a so-so Philly Cheesesteak sandwich, then go for it. 

Overall, I would go again but not excitedly.
Not enough flavor to overcome the immediate guilt upon eating one of those sandwiches.  If I'm going to eat something that is going to shave a few months off my life expectancy I want the experience to be memorable.  And it was salty....like "Dead Sea" salty.

Maybe it's because I'm such a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I find the cheesesteak to be among the most overrated of the street foods.
I ended up here on a recent Friday by accident.  My first stop for cheesesteaks is now closed (apparently for awhile) so I was kind of rudderless.  Drove around for a bit until I saw Corleone's, and since I was in a cheesesteak mood, headed on it (it also helped that a sporting event that I wanted to see was on at the time and I knew they had tv's).   I'd also been to the Corleone's in Scottsdale in the past, and had remembered liking it.

I ordered the large philly (whiz witout) and no fries (though from the past, the cheesefries are great) since as a general rule (which failed this time), it's usually best to save the stomach room for the cheesesteak, rather than add on the fries. The food came out in a suitable amount of time, and I didn't think I was deliberate in eating it...however towards the last 1/4 of the sandwich, the meat/cheese was already getting cold, it was kind of weird.  Anywho, I ate the whole thing (note:  $10 is probably a little pricey, I think they must know this, as I got two coupons from them while there, one for $2 off next time, one for BOGOF).  

Fast forward a few hours later, and I'm at my desk with food baby from stuffing myself.  Stupid me for eating so much was my initial thought.  Except that my tummy was unsettled for the next two days.  Now...I can't say for sure that it was Corleone's...but I'm pretty sure, so not too pleased about that.  I mean, if the sandwich had been good, it totally would have been worth it, but it was ok, and not a great value.  Not sure if I'll be back.  2.5 stars, only rounded up because my prior experiences in Scottsdale were better than here.
I like this place, it's got good food that tastes authentic....or well, at least what I would think authentic would taste like. Their Philly Cheesesteak sandwich is really good and their fries are also quite tasty.

So why, you might ask, am I only giving it 3 stars? A couple reasons:
 - Although it is a good sandwich, I think it is overpriced. If you want to get a sandwich combo, you're going to walk out paying 13 dollars.
- The staff isn't particularly nice..they're not mean, but I wouldn't say they are nice.
- And not that they did this on purpose, but I walked in and used a coupon once (which wasn't that great of a deal), ordered food, sat down, and saw a sign offering a special for that day that was WAY better than my coupon. I really wish the guy who rung me up (who might have been the owner) had mentioned it.

Conclusion: This place isn't bad and some people may feel it's 4-5 star good, I just don't feel it's worth the price.
As a fellow CheeseSteak Lover, I have to try it when I see it on the menu.

Not a fan here.  First, if you want me to come back, Why do you nickel and dime me as a customer?  That's just bad business.  $15 for my meal?  It's fast food!

Anyway, I'll sum it up...  No thanks.
I'm from philly and know what I'm looking for in a cheese steak.. Corleone's nails it every time...High quality ingredients (worth a little more) and great service..only problem is that they now have great pizza too so what am I supposed to do? Keep up the great work! See you for this weekends email special as usual
Hands down the best cheesesteak in town, period. Even the two east coast guys I went with said it was as close as they had gotten from home. That says a lot coming from these goodfellas I was out with for Lunch today...
Great tasting Philly Cheesesteak sandwichs
Great Cheese Steak? Hardly, try to sell this is Philly and you would have customers out the door in a heartbeat. First, a cheese-steak need to have substantial roll. This one sogged out, they should use the real thing which is available through Sysco. An Amoroso's roll can stand up to all the juice. Second, this wasn't prime rib-eye, I don't know what cut it was, but is was tasteless. So was the rubbery provolone cheese. And last, it wasn't CLEAN. 
Order the rolls on-line and get your butcher to slice you some rib-eye, homemade is better than anything I've gotten in Phoenix in years.
My fiance has been talking about this place for the last few months. He regularly frequents this place for lunch with his co-workers and has been waiting for the day that I got to try it too. Well, the day came when he brought a pizza from Corleone's home for dinner. Short story is that I LOVED the pizza so much that I demolished 3 whole slices - and their slices are not small. 

I have yet to try their sandwiches which seem to be their specialty but the fiance loves them and he was right about the pizza so I'm sure I'll be happy once I get my chance to taste test.
Disclaimer: the only other Philly cheesesteaks I've ever had were at sporting events, carnivals or airport/shopping mall stands.
That being said, I was invited to Corleone's and was told I had to try the Cheesesteak since I never had an authentic one. I was not disappointed.
I ordered it 'onions and whiz wit' despite the fact that I usually like really good cheese. I am a HUGE fan of what I ate. The steak is really good rib eye; not some cheap, fatty mystery piece of cow. That's why you're paying so much for the sandwich. There is a row of condiments that include oregano and red pepper flake shakers and peppers in vinegar. I added those to my sandwich too.
The bread is fluffy and tender; easy to bite through. The meat is choppeed just right; it's tender and juicy. The Cheez Wiz... well, it's just good stuff in this sandwich. I never thought I'd say that, but if you haven't had it wiz wit, you gotta try it that way. You won't be disappointed.

The whole sandwich is an enormous order, but because I splurge on foods like this so rarely, I get the whole thing when I do.
Like others said, I think the price is a little high, but man, I love these sandwiches.
Corleone's is good. My favorite is the Chicken Italiano, but sometimes the chicken is too dry. The Original is great too. I like mine with provolone instead of whiz. Both the steak and chicken are lean and sliced thin. The staff is nice and helpful, but the prices are outrageous. Your receipt does usually have a coupon for $2 off your next order, but still...$9 for a half sandwich, fries & drink is a little much. The fries, though! Oh the fries...they are yummy!
I was not the one who ate here, i opted to go to Jimmy Johns next door, and according to my brother who did eat here, was the right choice. There were two orders in front of him which were already placed and it took them 10 minutes to then take his order of a Philly Cheese Steak, Onion Rings and a drink. By this time i had gone to Jimmy Johns, got my order, and walked over to CVS to pick something up, and walked back to Corleones to get my brother. We waited a few minutes and then his order finally came. I asked what his total was, almost $16!! They charged extra for Onions and Mushrooms (or peppers, can't remember) $1.49 each! These come standard on Philly cheese steaks and we know this because we lived in Philadelphia for 4 years with many real cheese steaks had that were WAY better and 2/3 the price!! My brother said it tasted good, but not for that price and he would have rather gone to Duck & Decanter, Wineburger (both down the road) or even Postinos just for some Bruschetta. If i were him i would rather just go up the road to the Rokerji's reverse Happy hour starting at 9 and get a glass of wine ($5), and their tip steak + Brei bruschetta bites ($5).
My husband really likes this place, he likes the #1.  I think the fries are good.  I have had a pizza silce, it was ok.  I also found the service slow and unfriendly.
Love the food, love the service.  I take co-workers there all the time.  Hate the parking at lunch time.
"OK-OK-OK!" 
If you are on a diet most definitely this is not the place for you! 
If over paying for a Philly Cheese steak, they call it "a large," I was wanting more when I finished my Sandwich, again not the place for you!!! 

However if you want to walk into an authentic Mafioso looking deli-restaurant with a sandwich, an epicurean delight, that will give you multiple foodgasms than "Yo, how you doin'!" 

All I'll say is that the smooth taste and texture of the Philly Cheese steak sandwich was incredibly flavorful, and beyond delicious! Enough to have your eyes roll back in your head and possibly shout "this is so f¢ing good!!" 

When you walk in this joint there is a large profile picture of Don Corleone, Marlon Brando, with the words; 
"Make 'Em A Sandwich They Can't Refuse!" 
Now that's a Slogan! 

They even have a real Pickle Bar with banana peppers, hot peppers, and homemade salt pickles. I loved it!!! 

"Bing, Bang, Boom!" I scarfed mine down and I wanted more.
I was craving a cheese steak and went to this place yesterday. One cheese steak was almost 10 bucks and I didn't get fries or anything with it (maybe that was extra) the meat in the sandwich tastes just like that frozen steakum crap you get at the grocery store and it was dripping with grease. Yuck! One of the guys behind the counter was kind of an ass too. I will never eat there again!
make sure you ask the guys at the counter for the $4.99 combo deal which includes a six-inch cheesesteak, yummy fries and drink. this deal is normally close to $10 so the coupon makes it a bargain.

their after 4pm $9 cheese pizza deal isn't bad either.

make sure you use the $4.99 for a dozen wing deal coupon too!
This place is okay. The food is nothing to write home about, especially if you're looking for a really Philly cheesesteak or some NY style pizza. There are better places to grub less than 100 feet away.  However, if you're craving what they're selling it's edible and at a decent price.
Great cheesesteaks sandwich. I always love a cheesesteak but I hate getting fatty meat so I'm picky about where I get them, not one bit of fat in my sandwich here. Oh yeah,  I love the wiz on my philly. My girlfriend got two slices of pizza and loved it.  After 4 pm the have a large cheese pizza for 8.99. We got one a few days later and we got it well done and it was delicious. The staff is nice a friendly and pointed me in the right direction after asking a few ?'s. They deliver but of course Im a about a mile out of range but I thought I would mention it. Ill be back.
Recently, for winning a sales contest among teams, my team decided to order Corleone's for lunch. With $175 to spend on food to feed 17 people, the feast was on. In the end, I think we ended up with 10 pizzas and upwards of 120 wings of various flavors. 

As we ate at work, I can only comment on the food and my review will reflect as such. First off, the pizza. Most of what we ordered was of the one-topping variety, but there was a Hawaiian mixed in there, as well as a pepperoni and jalapeno. For a New York style pizza, I thought it was good, but not great. The crust left something to be desired, as did the amount of toppings, but the overall flavor was pretty good. I would have liked to see a little less grease, but I suppose that is to be expected. 

The wings we ordered were regular, hot, bbq, and hot bbq. Out of these four, the hot bbq stood out the most to me. They had a nice balance between spicy and sweet without being overpowering. The chicken was nice and tender and overall I came away impressed with the wings.

Would I go back? Definitely. Maybe not so much for the pizza but the wings and sandwiches, though.
Good cheese pizza and the cops that go there as customers adds an extra feeling of safety.
I don't even normally LIKE philly cheese steaks- but the sandwiches here are AMAZING! They put cheez whiz on them. WHAT?! I know, sounds completely revolting, right? Turns out it isn't. I though cheez whiz was E-Z Cheez. Nope, it is something completely different. Combine that with the grilled onions, and perfectly grilled steak chunks? Hello taste bud meltdown experience.  

And the Cheez Whiz fries with grilled onions? HOLY Mother of God are those GOOOOOD! I don't even want to take a guess on what the caloric intake is on either- but if you don't care, or only want to eat once that week anyway- take a trip to Corleone's. You won't regret it. (Well, you may if you don't wear your stretchy pants when you go)
I have been going to Corleone's for a few months now because I wanted to try several things on the menu before I judge the place. Being a fan of Philly Steaks I thought this place would be good by the classic look of the place. 

I got the tuesday night special where if you get 1 large sub for 10 bucks (without a drink of fries) you get a small one for free. It was interesting because I saw a lot of people order a large sub, and they weren't notified of the daily special. So I ordered the regular philly steak with a small hoagie.  He asked me if I wanted mushrooms or peppers on my philly steak, and i said yes, and I didint know that was an extra charge. 


The Philly Steak was mediocre at best. They use low quality meat, and overcook it. The bread could be a lot better.  The guy suggested I put oil and vinger on the small hoagie I got, and I know why because it sucked! Covering it with tons of oil and vinegar is not gonna do the job if it's bad to begin with.

The only thing good here is the pizza and the fries. Stay away from everything else as it's also overpriced! $13 bucks for a philly steak combo? are you kidding me? Tell people about your specials, and stop penny pinching people for extra money. Tell me if peppers and mushrooms will be an extra charge. 


In my opinion if you are gonna eat this bad for this price it might as well be good!
I'm a Philly girl who is always on the hunt for a great cheese steak!  You'd be surprised how hard it is to find a great sandwich, I mean is there really some great secret in Philly??  I do have to first say that Corleone's is pretty pricey for just a sandwich and a drink if there are no specials.  However, they definitely have the best cheesesteak in Phoenix.  My search still continues but Corleone's is number one in my book so far.
I was told the Philly Cheese Stake Sandwich was the best in town by a person from New Jersey.  Maybe they are what Jersey people are used to, but they don't even come close to the same sandwich at Uncle Sam's.  I couldn't even find the grilled onions and the cheese whiz, just the sadly bland meat.  The fries were good.

The setting is noisy and has the feel of a college campus eatery.
I used to eat at Charley's for the Philly steaks until I tried Corleone's I fell in love with it. Until recently I requested mushrooms on my sub so upon eating the Philly I noticed they used CANNED mushrooms!!!!! Thats a disgrace to the original Philly!!!

 So I stopped going to Corleone's and went back to Charley's since they use fresh ingredients. Corleone's cost a lot more than Charley's however I'm not willing to pay more for canned ingredients, No Thanks!!!!
I like this place better than Uncle Sam's (heresy).

The biggest complaint here on Yelp is that it is a bit pricey, and it is compared to (say) Charlie's.  But the quality of the meat is very good.  Thin sliced rib eye, no gristle or fat, tasty.

And Uncle Sam's is about a buck and a half more expensive.  That evens out if you order mushrooms, which Sam's includes but for which Corleone's charges extra.

And I like the condiment bar.  A little garlic powder, some banana peppers, perhaps some oregano and/or parmason cheese.  Season to suit.

The price gets helped out with specials and coupons.  Your cash register receipt is usually good for $2 off your next visit.  They have specials for a six inch sandwich, fries and a drink for $5 (would be closer to $10 without the special). {Edit: that might no longer be true.]

I've not tried the pizza.  I'm not a big fan of NY style pizza, even though I lived in Manhattan.  Other's have given it thumbs up, though.

Something's broken in the stars ratings here.  I tried to give Corleone's four stars, but was only allowed two.
Would like to have rated the restaurant better, but unfortunately I cannot eat there as I am 5.2 miles away from Corleone's and there delivery radius is 5 miles. Nope, not kidding, called in for delivery, was asked for my address after a 2 minute wait, was put back on hold and the woman came back on the phone to tell me, "i am sorry, we dont deliver to your area". My response was, "uh, we are 10 minutes down the road, what is your delivery area?" Her answer "the delivery area is 5 miles, you are outside of it."

TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE, COMICAL REALLY.
Ex-East-Coaster that I am, I am always looking for a good traditional pizza and a Philly Cheesesteak. 5 stars for the pizza here - just like I used to have growing up. 3 stars for the cheesesteaks -- good but not great, and a bit overpriced. I prefer Uncle Sam's, just up the 51 a bit, but I suppose that's just personal preference. Service is solid; last time I came in for take-out they burned my pizza, so they made me a new one for free. That's how you treat customers.
I have been to Corleone's a few times and this is the first time I have had cheese wiz on a cheese steak. (I'm a native Arizonian, what can I say?).

It was awesome and I really like how thinly the beef is shaved. 

Lets discuss Cheeze Whiz Fries for a moment. They are amazing, however EAT THEM QUICKLY. If Cheeze whiz is left to sit it congeals and Im not a huge fan. However if you do eat it quickly while its still all melty its one of the best things you can put in your mouth. :) Your taste buds will thank you! (Thank you Ocean Spray Commercial)


Its slightly overpriced for my liking, but when you are in the mood to treat yourself and are in the area it can be a fun place to go grab a bite, and certainly something you should try if you have not had the opportunity.
Pizzas are good. And it ends there.  Service with a smile is an unheard of concept... I get the east coast "attitude" thing but i think here its more of "when is it closing time" for these employees.  I was charged for xtra toppings on my cheesesteak and when i got the sandwich... No toppings!  Then it was an argument with the cook so i had to bring my philly up to the line to SHOW him there were no toppings!  Overpriced... Bad customer service... But free delivery... U decide.
This is the best buffalo chicken sandwich that I've ever had.  The fries are remarkable.  This was my favorite place to eat while I lived in Phoenix, by far, and what I miss most about the whole state.  It's pathetic, I know.

The restaurant has pretty awesome ambience for a sports fan, big wooden tables and lots of screens playing ESPN or whatever big game is on.  I've come here for a couple games and stayed with friends to watch half a game.

The cheesesteak is fine (though I'd never choose it over the buffalo chicken).  I've tried "da Roc and Manuch", but it's just a bland marinara chicken sub.  The Godfather sounded promising, and normally I love italian-meat sandwiches, but it's just too heavy and the bread doesn't really work with this kind of sandwich.

Being my favorite place, I'm bummed to see so many poor reviews.  But they are mostly legit complaints.  The service can be pretty terrible, and it seems they only hire jerks to work the line.  The meals are expensive--it's like $12 for a meal with fries and drink.  But if you get the coupons and their occasional emails, it drops down to $5 for the same thing.  The delivery also does take a while, but whenever I'd have it delivered to work, I'd just make sure to order it an hour ahead and they're usually there when they say they'll make it.

Overall, it's a pricy place but you get what you pay for.  It's an original and unique place, definitely worth eating in at.
The sandwiches are good as is the pizza...although a bit overpriced considering the quality.
I absolutely love this place!  By far the best cheesesteaks outside of Philly...hands down!  The rolls are perfectly soft, the whiz is the authentic best and the meat is just right.  Super friendly staff, clean restaurant...and good pickles too!
Awesome cheese steaks and friendly service, what more could you ask for??
Midweek...don't wanna cook...don't wanna drive...who delivers?? CORLEONE'S!! The delivery person was a sweetheart which is the equivalent of having a pleasant waiter/waitress to start your meal experience. It sets the mood and expectations and well...it was yummy! 

If you order the cheese fries, make sure you eat those first since cheez wiz has a limited time frame for being fresh and hot. Once it chills, you end up with...well...goop. I love their cheesesteak sandwiches, this time the fries were a little overdone but still not too bad. 

For a $20 we ordered a couple of cheesesteak sandwiches and split a cheese fry, just enough food and it doesn't break the bank. Not bad for delivery!
After trying several cheese steaks in the area we found no need to continue our search the perfect, authentic "wit whiz" sandwich. By far the best this side of the continent
Delish buffalo chicken sandwich, the little joey's cheesesteak with cheese wis was amazing too. Will definitely try them again!
I haven't been to Corleone's in almost a year, but I was thinking about sandwiches and remembered how much I liked Corleone's, so this review is a bit overdue. 

First time I went I remember thinking "Cheez Whiz on a sandwich?" but I was told to try it before I complained and I did. I used that same spiel on my mom when I took her and she frowned at Cheez Whiz being on her sandwich. Needless to say, we were both wrong. The Philly Cheese Steak at Corleone's is amazing. They also have really good fries and that's pretty much the only two things I've ever eaten there in spite of having been there probably a dozen times. Even if you're apprehensive, go and give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
I love the Philly sandwiches!! The fries with cheese whiz are amazing too!!
YES.  

This is exactly what I was hoping for.  Just cheesy enough, just beefy enough, just greasy enough, just awesome enough.  (got the cheesesteak if it wasn't obvious)

Not mind-blowing, but that's kind of the goal, right?  Bread, wiz, steak and onions.  Exactly what the doctor ordered.  

Would definitely eat here again.
I like using this place for their slice of steak and maybe a drink for about $3.60 as either a decent lunch or  to take it home and have it with a salad for dinner. It's a cheap and quick meal and tastes really good. The fries are pretty above average too. The people who take your order behind the counter are pretty gruff, but they consistently deliver a good product and have seen them be accommodating to other customers by wiping down tables for them and apologize they were less than clean so that really impressed me.
They know one thing perfectly - the cheese steak. The meat, the cheese, the bread - all perfect. No odd variations. I hope they never change a thing.
Corleone's have great Philly Cheese Steaks but they will run you about $6.50 and if you add fries and a drink that will run you another $2.50 and it with tax you are talking about $10 for one person to have lunch.  They do have a great lunch special at this location two slices of Philadelphia pizza and a drink for $4.99.  I have yet to try that but from what I seen the slices are huge and are good ( per a co-worker of mine ).
I used to be a big fan but the quality seems to have dropped off a bit.
Almost like being in Philly.
had pizza and cheese fries here...so good!  Don't forget the cheese fries!!!  yum yum yum
Torn on this one because usually it is much better. However, this last time left me less than thrilled.

Came towards the end of lunch, the place was packed. There were a lot of campers, so really not a place to sit, and there isn't much room to start. Perhaps they had some sort of A/C issue because they had some huge...like HUGE fan/external cooling unit thing sitting in front of the bathroom hallway.

There were 4 people in front of us and it took about 20 minutes to get our food, not so good if you are in a hurry...and we were.  We ordered two cheesesteaks and an order of fries to share... fries were $2+ and barely got a handful, felt pretty ripped off frankly. Even more so after the wait when I took a bite to find out the fries were lukewarm at best. sigh.


I am hoping this was an off day and not a sign of change.  The food is delicious and the fries are (usually) worth craving... 

I'll be back, hopefully I will have a more positive experience next time.   And hopefully they open one in the SW Valley sometime, that would be cool ya know!
Great Pizza and Philly Cheese steaks. I'm a big fan.
Will NEVER be back.  Apparently rudeness is acceptable service.  My friend went in to pick up our pizza, watched the pizza jockey pull and stretch a pie trying to get it of the board and into the oven.  When the cashier was asked if that was our pizza, my friend was told "I'm not gonna tell you that" and refused to answer direct questions.  I guess they have enough business that they don't need my business now or in the future.
For a chicken cheese steak, a cold italian sub (hoagie), or a slice of great thin-crust pizza, this is my destination.  
They also usually have Tastykakes...from Philly....but don't tell, or they might run out!
If you like hamburger helper, order yourself a Philly steak with cheez whizz. Not only did my sandwich take an hour and a half to be delivered a fifth of a mile, it's contents were no better than re-heated, leftover hamburger helper mush. DINE-IN
Absolutely LOVE this place! Philly cheese steak is AMAZING & delivery is fast, good still hot! Eating as I type ;)
Ordered "the original" w/jalapeños - $10! Not even a combo. Only ate half. It was filling - but is the taste/quality worth the money? Nope. I'm assuming it has to do with location.
The look of the pizza was not appetizing. The cheese looked dry which is one of the reasons I didn't order it.
The inside was clean & organized so I appreciated that!
Good food but need to be able to use coupons you get from the email club through your phone. Went a couple weeks ago and love it and signed up for the email club! Got a coupon for a free small sub went back today and they said it had to be printed out... Expires today... Didn't say it anywhere on the email that I had to print out. Lame... People were friendly and the food is good but it guess I'll unsubscribe from the email list since you need a printer apparently to use any of the deals...who has printers anymore anyway? Lol
Long wait it took forever for them to come and take my order then it took forever for them to make the food they forgot the onions and no peppers this place isn't what it used to be :(
I'd like to give them no stars but I didn't have that option.  I ordered food for delivery once and they took an hour and a half.  They got lost and didn't bother calling me for directions even though I gave them my number specifically for that reason.  My food was cold and I didn't get my entire order.  They suck! Don't eat there.
Can't go wrong with their large $2 cheese slice. It was heavenly
Ordered an original with whiz. AMAZING. Every once in a while I stray from my paleo diet to indulge, and it REALLY hit the spot today. *BONUS My order was delivered in 20 minutes, the driver was very nice (and cute too).* I would recommend this spot for anyone craving a philly. Yay! You guys rock!
Corleone's on camelback always hits the spot. They goofed up on one order (delivery) and when I called to complain they said they would immediately fix it. Seems like it's well managed.
they have a heart clogging philly cheese steak  sandwich with wiz as they call it which taste damn good had the chicken philly as well not as good this place attracts alot of dudes also serve pizza and a varity of other sandwiches
I tried the pizza for the first time today. I had the $4.99 two cheese slice special with a drink. It's a decent value as the slices are quite large. However not much flavor to the sauce or the pizza in general. The crust despite being properly cooked with appropriate browning on the bottom just seemed to lack substance. It seemed to just disappear in my mouth rather than being chewable. It's a decent value for the money, the place was clean and the service was quick enough. I wouldn't go back for the pizza.
Service was awful. The food was ok.

I ordered their Italian hoagie which was probably my first mistake because they are known for their cheesesteak. 

I noticed I had been waiting for 15 minutes so I started looking to see where they were with my order. My sandwich was sitting in the back while some employee wandered around that was supposed to be making it talking about hitting on some girl and getting her name wrong. 

10 more minutes went by so I asked where my sandwich was at the counter and it had been ready to go but left it sitting back there. 

The guy who made it asked me if I wanted anything extra in apology but I just said no thanks and left. 

The sandwich kind of sucked. It was average at best and absolutely not worth the 30min wait
I come here quite often since it's close to work and not too expensive.

I love this place for a couple or reasons.  Consistency and a decent cheese steak.  I'm born and raised in AZ so I don't know what a "true" Philly cheese steak tastes like so for me this place is pretty darn good.  The bread is always nice and soft and the steak is great with the whiz and onions.  Their fries are always perfectly crispy and soft on the inside every time.  

They have pizza as well but I don't ever seem to be in a pizza mood when I go here so I've yet to try it.  I'm deducing a star on this because the chairs and tables are in some serious need of replacing and there is a lot of dust on the walls and upper ledges above the booth seating.  I've seen enough episodes of cooking shows to know this isn't acceptable.  

Great food though and I will continue to come back!
Call Corleone's only if you have two hours for delivery. The online order response told us 50 minutes. Horrible manager on duty. We called. Told us at 60 minutes the driver was in the car. Told us at 110 minutes that driver left 15 minutes ago. One of those has to be a lie, right?  Told us "Online says it's 50min but really it is 90min."  Food arrived 2hrs late. On dot. They never tried to update us or treat us honestly, just kept feeding us lines. Kept calling me "boss" which I wish were true. Driver was nice enough and hustled, said he wasn't even a driver but instead a cook. Don't know who to blame. But I know we won't be calling Corleone's again. Or going in person.
Having had authentic Philly cheese steaks, I can tell you this is spot on.  Best I've had anywhere outside of Philly.  My son says the pizza is awesome too but I haven't had that.  I love this place!  Only problem is that I have to go clear across town to get to it.  Wish they'd open another one closer to West side.
Excellent service. Cheesesteaks are delicious. Huge pizzas with taste to match. Reasonable prices for the amount of food you get. This place had not disappointed since the day I first found out about it.
Get chicken Philly with extra chicken, extra mayo and extra provolone cheese! Also try the meatball pizza, it's very good lol...
love these sandwiches. its a little pricey if you order 'normally' but there are all sorts of specials to help with that-get on their email list!. when you can bring that price down, what you get is one of the better sandwiches from a chain around. the pizza is ok, nothing mindblowing, but still better than the likes of Dominoes or Papa Johns. same deal as the sandwiches- if you order at the right time, you can get a lot of pie for your dollars (and if you are inebriated and/or have lots of hot sauce, you will like it just fine!)
I wasn't impressed. The meat on the Philly was flavorless they nickel and dime you for mushrooms, peppers and onions. The cook had a problem with his spatula when he wasn't cooking he was banging on the grill making music which was very annoying.
Slow service and 15-20 for mediocre philly cheese steaks.  Sandwiches and fries do not have a lot of flavor.  Also the televisions are blaring loud, if you have sensitive hearing beware.  Seating is limited.
Pizza is good, but not at all remarkable. Lunch specials are a good value, and Philly sports memorabilia is fun to peruse. United Mileage Plus dining participation is also a plus.  In the end, there are a plethora of pizza options in the area I like much better.
NEVER ORDER FROM THIS LOCATION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

never order from this location i ordered at 11:15am and it took them almost 2.5 hours to deliver my food and the food was stone cold and the drink was completely watered down from stitting in the drivers car for so long i will never order from this place again teh service is miserable!
A fast food review... GOOD FAST FOOD.

I honestly try to stay clear of places with drive thrus, but you can't pass up regional fast food that doesn't exist in your neck of the woods.

This chain only serves "chicken fingers" and its mainly based out of the south. The two closest to the west coast are both located in Vegas. They boast of the "fresh, never frozen" deal, and you can totally tell.

The chicken strips really taste homemade, the white meat is juicy and the chicken is dipped in batter by hand. They cook them to order so the strips come out fresh, hot, and crispy, seriously like they were made in someone's kitchen. The menu is limited (they focus on the chicken fingers) and meals come with crinkle fries, texas toast, and their signature dipping sauce.
Yeah... these were pretty good. I grabbed them on the way to a show on the Strip. I could've ate more... but thank god I didn't. I saved some room for a burger later. Wait... that's not a review of this place!
This place SOooo reminds me of Zaxby's in Georgia with their "sauce". I'm not really sure what's in the sauce other then yum. But it Is pretty fantastic. The chicken fingers really look like white meat chicken and not that processed stuff. It even tastes like the chicken fingers I make only the batter isn't littered with cayenne pepper. The meal is simple with the chicken, fries, coleslaw, texas toast, and fancy sauce. I actually like their sweet tea too. I'm not big on sweetened tea. But this is pretty southern authentic ;)
Because of Yelp I made the long trek to get these for myself and my co-workers for lunch today.  I'm super glad I did.

I got the Big Box special.  The chicken was supergood - nice and crunchy without being too much batter or feeling too greasy.  The chicken was plump and juicy and REAL.  I totally dug the sauce - it was a bit more on the tangy and peppery side than I thought it would be and was a nice surprise.  I didn't like the cole slaw, but that's no surprise since I generally don't like any cole slaw since I abhor cabbage in most of it's states.  The Texas Toast was aweeesome.

All in all, it was a little out of my way but it was totally worth it.  My co-workers made the mistake of getting a 25 piece tailgater thinking that the two of them could finish it.  All I know is that now I have stuff to eat tonight.
Yum. This is exactly what I imagine when someone says they're in the mood for chicken fingers. These little babies are perfect.  Real chicken, plump, tender, and juicy, with a light breading that's never too thick or too greasy. The sauce is pretty tasty, and they have sweet tea. I really don't know if there's anything else for me to say. Cane's rocks my socks.

The first time I had it, my dad's wife and I stopped by one in Baton Rouge after hitting up Target and Sam's. After my first bite, it was all I wanted to eat for the rest of my stay there. We ate them alone, as fingers, and we also made a wicked awesome wrap, with bacon, lettuce, tomato, ranch, cheddah, and the chicken fingers. I recommend trying that out, if you can order take-out from Cane's and make it home with anything left.
This place is great for juicy, large chicken fingers.  The Texas Toast is the best.  I wish the fries were a little bit better seasoned, but the sauce that they give you goes perfectly with the meal!  Sometimes they are busy and sometimes they aren't.  I want to try their lemonade next time I go.  I wish they opened up more locations...

UPDATE:  Their lemonade is nothing to write home about and isn't good enough for the upcharge, they get busy, and you may not get seating, but the food is still great...They are building a location at Maryland and Flamingo in front of Target...
Where the Chicken is Kickin', the sauce is the boss, and the toast with the most...or something like that. I always feel like getting RC's when I hear the commercial on the radio.

RC's is a good place for a fast chicken finger meal.  The chicken is tasty and crunchy, the toast is good, and the lemonade is refreshing-not too sweet and no funky aftertaste like Minute Maid.  I like the sauce.  I think they have sweet tea too.  I'd get this for a quick lunch on my lunch break.
Best chicken fingers, ever! Great Texas Toast. Droopy and pathetic french fries. Sounds like I need to try the sweet tea!
Seems a litle overpriced for chicken, fresh or not.  I think if you skip the value meals and just get singles pieces of chicken, it may be a little more worth it.  This place doesn't hold a candle to Buffalo Wild Wings.  BW3's has more sauces, more selection and better prices.  I'd say hang on to your $$ and go get a snickers bar.
dieci stelle.  Black Folks loves some Chicken Pollo....  I had just bought some Cowboy boots. Look for the Las Vegas Yelps.  I have  list.

To raise Cain:
      
 to cause a great disturbance; to make great trouble.

Ah this Las Vegas Eatery.... is Calming....  like eating some of Mom's Southern Cooking.....  

I was in the parking lot over...I bought some stivale/boots heche in Mexico.. in need of sustenance. Ho visto A drive thru..  Well  the wait was incredible.... I had only two which I devoured. I needed something inmy tummy...to fortifiy myself for ..to live.  

I see like the cross on the hill....Raising Cane. Named after Cane Corso  omg it is an Italian Guard Dog...  Cane Corso is the breed also

Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers is a chain of fast-food restaurants founded by Todd Graves and Craig Silvey on August 26, 1996. The restaurant chain offers fried chicken fingers as its only main course (hence their mantra of "One Love").

The Chicken is marinated overnight and then battered and fried...They must do it with care cuz ...they were alittle slow.  

I told Justin M...a very long Italian name...similar to Manacotti He is the Vice -President...  of something..  He gave me his card...  I just got back to SF. I cannot locate the card. but fear not...  Thank Yelp for the Review "Edit" button.

I ate the two and then drove back and parked...  I could not deal with Drive-Thru.  I ordered did not have enough money and had to go back to my rental and get my real wallet.. I order 6..... and eating is good in the Neiborhood.

Infodiva here....  Buon Anno 2008 rocks... I can't wait to see the nutrional info...  A girl has to watch her figure you know.  The coleslaw was bland. You need my mother's Coleslaw Recipies (Plural) She also substitutes some of the mayo with non-fat yougurt um um um.

I want some chicknen now! Cane...mio perro...  Ho cercato te piu tarde.
Maybe I'm missing something, but these chicken fingers weren't that great.  They were decent, but pretty plain and blah in my opinion.  Going to a place that makes it whole menu revolve around this one item, I was expecting some pretty darn good fingers that had some flavor, spice, kick, something to them.  Fries were pretty mediocre too.  The chicken fingers I got the other night at Jack in the Box were ten times more flavorful than these, not to mention cheaper.
After a long journey up Interstate 15, we arrived to the welcoming, bright lights of the Strip.  The first thing we needed to do was kill the hunger from the long road trip.  Someone suggested Raising Canes and promised we wouldn't be disappointed.  He was correct.  Tasty chicken fingers and the bread was good too.  The best sweet tea since I was in North Carolina.  Five days later, we had to return to this place before our journey home.
This place was simple, had great food, and a nice atmosphere for a fast food place. I'm from the South, and down there we have a GREAT chicken finger's place called Zaxby's...this was extremely similar, and very good. The homemade sauce is like a bbq, mayo, tangy, ranchy sauce, and goes great with the seasoned crinkle fries and chicken fingers. I loved that they had crushed ice and real home-brewed sweet tea.
I REALLY wish we had a Raising Cane's in California... it's simple, cheap and GOOD!!! Delicious, piping hot chicken breast strips and french fries, just begging to be dipped in their "secret sauce"...(Think thousand island dressing, with a kick)Their Sweet Tea is good too! and did I mention they have a drive-thru? While you're there, you might as well read the cool story about how they got the name "Raising Cane's"... not gonna spoil it for you, just gonna have to go and find out yourself...
i ate here once last new years, and the chicken fingers were pretty good, but the sauce that came with it was great. if i remember correctly, there wasn't much of a selection though. in the end, it wasn't anything too special, but i will grab something to eat here again. ::
Totally love this place!! The chicken fingers are the best you could ever have. Chicken Fingers juicy done to perfection! Canes sauce is a must on them..and their crinkled fries yummo!!! Texas Toast fluffy yet crisp! Their lemonade and ice tea is a refresher... Las Vegas is super lucky to have Raising Canes!!! 
If you are from out of town...I suggest that you stop by and have ya sum Raising Canes!
I love raising cane's! My boyfriend told me about this place, but I was kinda skeptical 'cause i'm not a huuuge fan of chicken strips... but... i tried it and now i'm a big fan! The chicken is super juicy, the fries are yummy, and i loveee their toast! But the canes sauce is what makes everything so amazing. Dip everything in there! I give raising cane's 4 stars just cause it's not the cheapest fast food place... especially considering the fact that it's pretty much just chicken fingers, fries & toast. But i still eat here everytime I'm in Vegas!
Great place for chicken fingers and sweet tea. I always sub the cole slaw with an extra piece of texas toast. Its true, "the sauce is the boss and the toast is the most." Great eats with quick service.
I ate here all summer long when i lived down the street. The place is great.  Small menu makes it great because they specialize in chicken and only that. OH THE SAUCE is addicting. The funny thing is when i've gone through the drive through some of the employees will play around. So me and my own roommate played with. :) 
The decor is oh entertainers of past with vegas flair and a cute pooch for what the name of the restaurant came from. Chicken. Bread and special sauce.

Infact the sauce alone.. Is so good. A little tangy, a little bb-q-ish. A little piece of heaven. So good that when canes comes to the work place everyone jumps on it. Well.. anything is better then employee food. But this is the holy grail. ANd if no chicken is left the sauce will go on anything, including the pb&j that is smashed in. :)
ive never wrote a review in which i felt there should be more stars for the rating! ive never been so speechless to write a review, like words cannot explain how great this place is! AND ive never bothered to write a review for a place that is located in a state that i dont even live in-- but this place is just that good :]

what can i say? this place is THE best place for chicken fingers. i live in california, but every time i go to vegas this place is an absolute must. the meals are huge! you can definitely share with with your friend one meal and be completely full. the lemonade and the ice tea will satisfy anyone's sweet tooth. the prices will also make your wallet pretty darn happy too, since im sure by now youre completely broke after all that gambling! :[ 

and even during my trip i make sure to tuck away $40 just so that i can take fifty chicken fingers to go & a quart of ice tea for my dad all the way back home to california :]
I can't explains why it's so good, but it is.  It starts with the sauce and finishes with the sweet Tea.  They serve nothing but chicken fingers, Texas toast, coleslaw and French fries.  Why this formula works, I will never know but it does.  You need to try it.
so... i thought that they were suppose to be selling chicken strips... not chicken nuggets. :/ it was great when it first opened up in las vegas, but it seems that the quality has severely gone down. should have seen my face when i first came back to vegas expecting the great chicken strips that i had left behind. i wouldn't recommend it as i would have before.
My first stop on my way in town for several years now.  This is the best chicken/fast food ever. I wish they had on in California.  So simple, yet so delicious.  What baffles me is how they can make such a moist juicy tender.  And it seams to be lean all white meat.  I love the slaw, the texas toast, fries and the sauce.  Another simple pleasure is the ice. I love th little tiny pellet ice.  Great to cruch without killing your teath.  :-)
My bro threw Raising Cane's as a recco to me when he found out I was going to Vegas. He said it was a good place for a snack, and he was right. 

Bf and I were faced with a dilemma: eat two buffets in one day or get a snack and then close out the night with a buffet. Me? I was down for the former, but he wanted to save room for Green Valley Ranch's Feast Buffet, so we chose to get a snack instead. We hit the location near the outlets, because that was closest to Henderson. It was 2 pm on a Friday and the booths were all full, but the tables in the middle were open.

They basically have chicken finger combos that come with Ore Ida-cut fries, 2/3/4/6-pieces, a piece of buttered-and toasted-to-perfection Texas toast, a 21-ounce drink (self-serve), a small container of coleslaw and a small container of mystery dipping sauce (looks like a combo of Thousand Island dressing with Ranch). The bf and I shared a #1, which was a 4-piece, it was about $7 and it was the perfect snack before a buffet three hours later. We added another soda for $1.59, and I like that they don't try to gouge you on the drinks just because the combos seem really affordable to me.

The chicken was crispy and moist, and it wasn't overpowered with batter. There was a generous portion of fries and they were fried to just the right touch of golden goodness. The slaw was tasty, as was the dipping sauce. Sweet tea is always too sweet for me, so I usually do about 1/2 sweet and 1/2 unsweetened for that perfect combo. I love that they used crushed ice and they serve Coke, not Pepsi. The place is clean, service is really friendly. Great place to grab a snack if you can't decide on what to eat and don't want to pay luxury casino prices.
The sauce, toast, and chicken were awesome. I love how the strips were not long and thin but were thick and juicy. The fries reminded me of the fries you got in elementary school cooked by an oven... not great. The house sauce went really well with the chicken and fries though. 

I want to go back again tonight but my gf is being wack.
Cane's is good fast eats that is easy on your wallet. This is usually one of the first stops that I make when I arrive in Las Vegas and it is sometimes is the last stop before I return to Cali as I like to order a jug or two of their sweet tea to take home. They have best chicken fingers, texas toast, and southern sweet tea EVER!  The only thing that I do not like at Cane's are the fries. I tend to order a la carte and get extra chicken and toast instead of the fries. When dining in I like to sit in booth between the superman and Jessica Alba posters! =)
I remembered reading that this franchise primarily serves chicken fingers so when I saw the sign I made a U-turn and walked in.  I bought two to go as well as a small container of sauce. The chicken fingers were light and flavorful.
I don't take recs on places to eat in Vegas.  I don't need them, I'm out here enough to find my own gems.  However, a dear former Chicago yelper told me this place was the totes.  I had always driven past it but chalked it up as another chain.  That's not the case, she said.  It's home to childhood memories of greasy eating and awesome chicken fingers.  She was completely right!  Though I definitely don't need another one, thanks for another grease pit to enjoy!

In-n-Out just might have some competition now.  Once i get off the plane, it's not so simple anymore; do i want chicken fingers or animal style fries?  It's so close to my parents' house that I have yet another option for food once the gambling hunger kicks in after a night at the tables.

The menu is simple: chicken fingers, and more chicken fingers.  I was baffled at how tender they can get the chicken.  I feel like i'm almost eating healthy! (operative word: almost)  The cane's sauce which I was specifically briefed on, was awesome.  What's their secret?  You could dip anything in that sauce, and I did.  The texas toast, fries, and chicken fingers all taste like little pieces of heaven when dipped in said sauce.  THE SAUCE!!!

The only problem?  Too many high schoolers.  Since it's next to a 24-hr smoothie cafe, this place is swimming with teenyboppers up to no good at night.  I felt like I was at the Peach Pit After Dark and Kelly and Donna were sitting next to us.  Or it felt like the Max, where Kelly, Jessie and Lisa were singing I'm So Excited as the group, Hot Sundae.  I could go on and on, but i'll stop myself.
My buddies were raving about trying this place when I went to Vegas. The first few times I'd see it but would never pull in. Finally I got a chance to go and see what the hype was about. The food was definitely something worth trying. They are know for their chicken strips and the sauce it comes with was addicting. I was a bit hungover eating here but managed to really enjoy it.
I am fond of a good chicken strip now and again. yet the cane's I had was crispy on the outside and a bit slimey under the crispy crust! It skeeved me out so bad, I will never go back. It would be nice it they has a "side" of strips you can get without the mounds of greasy soft fries.
Ill pass next time.
i guess lets start with the chicken! the chicken strips are FANTASTIC! they're moist, crispy and tender. the dipping sauce, WOW! I get the CANIAC combo when i eat there. its good for two. i love the TEXAS TOAST and THE COLESLAW. The slaw is the best I've had. its not too sour like most of the places that serve it. the fries were fries. they are they best when they cooked them a tid bit longer to give the edges the golden brown crunchiness.MMMMmmmmMMmM
OMG, this the the BEST freaking fried chicken I've ever had, and I don't even particularly like fried chicken! I went here twice on my last Vegas trip. That itself already says something. Especially in a place like Vegas with billions of restaurants I would normally like to try different places every time. This place was so good that I just had to go again. 

I HOPE HOPE HOPE that this chain can make it to California some day. If I had the money, I would be on that right now!
The Place: Clean, Casual
The Service: Inviting, Friendly 
The Food: Flavorful 

These are the BEST Chicken Fingers I've EVER Had!
Lightly battered, Juicy, NOT too greasy, & the Cane's Sauce kicks up the Flavor a Few Notches! The Sweetened Tea is HIGHLY Addictive!!!

Got the Caniac Meal $8.29 + Tax (6 Chicken Fingers, Crinkle Fries, Coleslaw, Texas Toast, & Large Drink)
Great chicken fingers the sauce is amazing!
What's this place? Chicken Fingers?

YES! It's so good. Yummy like umami good!

I never had chicken fingers piping hot from the deep fryer. It's finger-licking good I tell yah.

The Bread: I don't usually like having bread with my meals since it makes me full faster but how can you resist Texas Toast. Trust me, get 2 orders.

What to order: If you're petite, go for the 3 Finger Combo and add an extra Texas Toast. The combo comes with 3 chicken fingers, crinkle fries, Texas Toast, Cane sauce and a drink.

For you man-eaters, get the CANIAC: 6 Chicken Fingers, Extra Crinkle fries, Coleslaw, 2 Cane sauces, Texas Toast and a drink.

I don't understand why this place hasn't made it to California. Cane's will give Chick-fil-A a run for its money. Definitely the chicken fingers at Cane's are better, especially with the sauce.
Looking for good food that doesnt break your wallet like everything else in Vegas? Well, this is definitely the place to go.

Discovered this past weekend, I paid $5.99 for 3 chicken fingers, texas toast, fries and a drink.  Don't underestimate this meal, it actually will make you full. Included with the chicken fingers is their famous Cane sauce which reminds me of the spread at In-N-Out. So delicious, you want it in every bite. I even dipped the toast in it. Located on Las Vegas Blvd so if you're coming from California, make sure to stop by this place before you check into your hotel (and when you're heading back too). 

Really good, satisfying food. Will definitely go again because it's cheap and worth it! Better than Chick fil A in my opinion. Only because their sauce and bread makes them unique!
BEST FREAKIN CHICKEN FINGERS ANYWHERE!!! AND I DONT EVEN LIKE CHICKEN FINGERS!

The Texas Toast & Sweet Tea is a great pair.
Chicken Fingers are Juicy as hell.
Canes sauce is really great with the Chicken.

This is a must if you are in VEGAS. i dont think they have Raising Canes anywhere else. 

I recommend the Caniac. Its worth the $8. Their food is still good as left overs.

I ordered the 3 pc once and i finished it and was craving more chicken the whole time!!
This place is fantastic!!! Jim W, my incredible husband, eats there whenever he's in LV. He's told me about it and after a while, I started to think I needed to try it. So that was our first stop when we got to town.

Abby and I split a Caniac combo. It came w/one drink, six strips, fries and two pieces of texas toast. The fries were fine, the toast was really good, and the chicken strips were AMAZING! Who needs the rest. It's like going out for hot wings - all you need are the strips. And they serve them w/this weird sauce that no one can explain. Jimmy couldn't tell me what it was, but much more telling, the women at the counter - including the manager - could tell me either. But it was quite good. Abby and I both liked it. I can't tell you what it is.

But what I can say is GO TO RAISING CANE'S! You won't regret it. I promise. And it's not like patronizing a chain because it's local - it only has a couple of locations. Oops! I just found it it is a chain. Sorry. But it's an exception. Like Texas Roadhouse and Carrabba's. So go. Now. I don't care what time it is.

Are you still waiting?

Am I just wasting my breath here?

Seriously, I don't need to hear myself talk ...

I mean they're open until midnight - what time are you reading this anyway?
This is my favorite chicken strip place!! OMG I LOVE IT HERE!! I wish they had one in los angeles, so sad. But yeah everything here is BOMB!!! From their tasty toast to their sweet tea, OMG MADE TO PERFECTION. Can't leave out the chicken strip.. ooo la la.. i loveeeeeee it.. I think I want to move to vegas just for this restaurant. lol.. but yeah their sweet tea is better than mcdonalds. wayyy better. it has the right sweetness, delisssssssshh!! omg i just love it. LOVEEE YOUUU CANES!!
The draw here is that everything is nice and fresh! You can taste it when your eating that the oil they use if fresh. They ONLY serve chicken fingers and they do a great job on them. I am always pleased that I get exactly what I expect out of the place. They also have some sweet tea that is worth a try if you like that kinda thing. They cater for parties in larger portions all the way up to 100 finger tailgates I believe. You pay roughly $1 a chicken finger and the Texas toast is a epic good side to choose. Other Options are coleslaw and french fries. Overall the place is clean offers good service is open till 11pm and has exactly what they advertise! GREAT CHICKEN FINGERS!
My favorite place to eat in Vegas.  My wife's favorite too!!  We are so happy another one opened around the corner from us, i guess that means I'll have to go to the gym more though.
YUM!  

These are the softest, most tender chicken fingers I have ever had.  If there are any softer, more tender chicken fingers out there, someone please let me know!  Chick-Fil-A used to be my favorite chicken fast food joint, but this is hands down, 5x better.  

Texas toast is super soft and perfectly seasoned.  

The availability of sweet tea is always a plus!

The only downside for me are the fries...regular crinkle cut... I can live without them...just give me extra bread instead!

Service is friendly and fast.

This place will always definitely be my last stop on the way home from Vegas!
I attempt to be very conservative with 5 star and 1 star ratings, but I really can't think of anything I dislike when it comes to Cane's.
The chicken isn't too greasy.  It has the perfect amount of breading.
The texas toast is delicious.  Ask for "double buttered" for them to butter both sides.
The fries are good.  Not crispy, but not limp either.  Its cooked perfectly.
What it really comes down to is the sauce.  Its like thousand island but its got a kick to it.  I usually substitute my slaw for extra sauce when I get the combo so I have plenty for my chicken as well as for my fries.
They have really really really good fast food chicken. I love love love chicken strips.... and man... do I love love LOVE their chicken fingers. You must must must MUST dip it in their sauce.

Simple menu and great food!

Next time I am in Vegas I will definitely stop by this place. I really wish they had one in Los Angeles, siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh.
I guess as far as Raising Cane's goes, I'm in the minority looking at all the 5-star reviews this place has been receiving.

For the unfamiliar, this is a fast food joint that specializes in one thing, and only one thing - chicken fingers. That's about all there is to this place. All they have are chicken fingers, fries, bread, their signature Cane's sauce (and basic sauces like ketchup), and drinks. Nothing else. There is ONE KIND of chicken finger, so if you're expecting a place like Buffalo Wild Wings where you can go in and get your chicken cooked in one of 15-or-so types of sauce, go back to sleep. Variety is the spice of life, and Raising Cane's doesn't have it.

The staff here are always friendly and have a positive attitude, however I find it annoying the way they ask for your name if you're dining in (this is so they can call you up when your order is ready.) Can't they just give a number like other fast food restaurants? 

And then comes the biggest blow of all - the food isn't that good. These chicken fingers are so oily inside that the outer breading practically hangs off of them. I have heard of people from the office I used to work at getting sick here, and after having tried these fingers, it isn't hard to see why. The fries are nothing worth writing home about, and I think they could easily have come out of a frozen Ore-Ida box. The so-called special Cane's Sauce is just fry sauce with a few extra spices thrown in (and it isn't special and unique in any way when you consider that the Chicken Now place in the nearby Outlet Mall has practically the exact same sauce.) 

For your chicken needs, go elsewhere. This place has a limited menu, lackluster food, and nothing that really makes it stand out. Nearly any other fast food restaurant has better chicken products and more menu selections.
EVERY TIME I'M IN VEGAS - I'VE GOT TO GO TO RAISING CANE'S!!
and the question I leave with...

"why isn't there one in the bay area?!"

Brief Summary
- Fast Food
- Limited Menu, but good at what they do
- ONLY Chicken Fingers
- get the CANIAC meal
- why isn't there one in the bay, dammit?!

OK so first off, I was born and raised on fried chicken. All my Filipino family loves fried chicken. My favorite is Popeye's because that's what we have out here in the Bay. NOW if there was a Raising Cane's in my area, I'd be there! 

They ONLY make Chicken Fingers. Which is basically a smaller chicken strip. They're super juicy, fried and crispy. And you dip them in the special CANE sauce. I don't  know what it is about the Cane's sauce, but it's really good. I'm usually a bbq or ranch fan but man give me some Cane's special sauce and I'm good to go.

I like their simply wavy cut looking fries. They're NOT cris-cut frieds but they're pretty simple and I like that they're simple. Not overly salty and not overly crispy.

I love the TEXAS TOAST. My family is a big fan of carbs especially bread and rice. So the texas toast is somewhat similar to Sizzler's garlic cheese toast minus the garlic and cheese. I don't know it's nothing super special but it's tasty.

I usually get the coleslaw too with my meal. I've always loved coleslaw, and I wouldn't rate Cane's coleslaw as the best, I say it's decent and it tastes good. With all the food in my Caniac meal, it's a good contrast to the fried and toasted.

What do I drown it all down with? oh yes, SWEET TEA. I love tea, especially sweet tea. Which is why cane's is so great. It's simple and it's to the point. It doesn't cost an arm and a leg but you get so much food. Caniac is like 8 bucks.

For those picky and people with their noses up *ahem*, expect a simple and tasty meal. If you want a whole bunch of selection go somewhere else. I don't know why people always try to expect a lot out of a simple place like Cane's. They're good at what they do and they stick to it! Why not be good at one thing instead of being mediocre at a whole bunch of things?!

I love Cane's and hope they open one out here in the Bay Area. It would make a killing where I live. I've been to this location and another and I loved this one just a tad bit more. The people were super friendly and it was pretty busy but they keep everything going and get tables cleaned pretty quickly.
I agree with Daniel D.

EVERY TIME I'M IN VEGAS - I'VE GOT TO GO TO RAISING CANE'S!!

enough said!! everything here is great!!!
I am sad. Oh, so sad. 

My friend had been telling me about how good Raising Cane's was ever since we began the drive up to Vegas, and she talked about it all weekend long: they have the moistest chicken fingers, their sweet tea is the best out there and has such a clean taste, their Texas toast is out of this world! Needless to say, my expectations were pretty high. 

Well, we ended up going to Raising Cane's on Sunday afternoon, right before our drive back home. Why we decided to do this, I'm not sure, but thinking back...wow, we were stupid! Anyone who has been through 48 hours of Vegas chaos should know that you probably won't be feeling too great by the time you're through. I managed to take a bite or two of everything - yes, the chicken tenders ARE that moist, the toast IS that good, and the sweet tea IS that clean - before I started feeling nauseous. After about 10 minutes, I had to admit defeat; I closed the lid on my "Box Combo", laid my head down on it, and waited for my friends to finish.

Sad, sad day. Raising Cane's...please open in California!
A good clean fast place to go especially for lunch.  I always get the box with chx, toast, fries, slaw and sauce.  They keep it simple with "one love"  not trying to serve everything in an inexpensive fast food restaurant.  I know very few people that dont care for Canes but they are the same ones who like and or review Subway, Wendys and BK...too funny.
It would never occur to me to order chicken fingers under any circumstance, but my wife practically lives on them.  So, a couple of years ago, we discovered Raising Cane's, and we do not EVER leave Vegas without stopping at the one near the Las Vegas Outlet Mall a couple of miles south of Mandalay Bay.

They basically serve chicken fingers and a chicken sandwhich with sides such as crinkle-cut fries, cole-slaw (better than KFC), and their Texas Toast for which I would make the drive to Vegas anytime.  The dipping sauce is what, for me, makes it great.  It is some kind of spicy cajun concoction.  The chicken fingers literally fall apart in your hands they are so tender.

Anyone want to become rich instantly?? Open one of these bad boy's in Orange County!
My first encounter with Raising Cane's was in Louisiana and when I came back to the West Coast, I was literally on the hunt to find this place but never did I accomplish! That was, until my trip to Las Vegas baby! I love this place, everything is fresh and never frozen! Their sweet tea is tasty! Too bad this place just has to be so far away from me, oh how I miss you so.
After the concert, I came home. I was starving since the last time I was around 1230 pm. We ended up eating Cane's Chicken Fingers. Boy were they good. Got a pan of chicken fingers and a pan of french fries for $23. Not bad at all. We ate every last piece of chicken fingers right along with our dog. It was um um good. We are planning on staying at the Southpoint Casino for the 4th of July and guess what we are getting for dinner? Cane's for sure...
So for tonight's dinner, we had Cane's Chicken Fingers again. It was delicious once again. After leaving Town Square, grandma, Lil sis, and I did some shopping and were trying to figure out what to eat for dinner. Grandma said "What about Cane's?" And I said, Hell Yeah. From there, we were driving on South bound Las Vegas Blvd toward the Las Vegas Outlet. As we approached Cane's, the drive thru was long, therefore, we decided we were gonna go in. We ordered a tail gate of 25 pieces of chicken for $23 plus 8 personal sized containers of the Cane's sauce, a pan of fries for $7.59, some individual coleslaws that were a dollar something, and three large lemonades. The total was about $44. The food was once again scrumptious and was washed down by the lemonade. It was um um um good.
Raising Cane's is like Chic-fil-A. They didn't invent the chicken finger; they just perfected it. (Well that's close enough).
Wow went here for lunch and it was really good. They do chicken and they do it well!
Differently worth the stop, very good chicken and fries. 
Looking for something quick and cheap, this is your place!
the best chicken finger place i ever went to. my homie told me i'm gonna love their secret sauce, and i DID. thanks to him i'm craving for it right now. the sizes of the chicken fingers are humongous. it's that sauce that will make you fall in love with it. you guys have to try out this place. i know i will when i come back in Vegas
Raisin Cane's... I wish I never had you because ignorance is bliss.
BRING ONE TO SOCAL! 5 Stars for doing what you do, really really well.

These tenders have the crust and texture of a crunchy thick juicy piece of fried chicken, but... it's chicken tender? Definitely not like your typical breaded chicken tender.

They only have ketchup for your fries and their secret sauce for the chicken, but their sauce is all you need, I would get extra.

So now you already have a reason to come here... but wait! 
DON'T FORGET THE TEXAS TOAST, IT'S UH-MAZING! 
I always get extra toast instead of coleslaw. It has the softness and slightly sweet taste of a sesame burger bun but they cut it in 2inch thick fluffy slices and toast it on a griddle with garlicky butter. 

ALSO, I normally don't like sweet tea, but there's definitely something special about their's.

Every time I've gone there, I've had excellent service. 
This is always a last stop on any Vegas trip for me. No matter how hung over I am or how drained, I will eat it there or get a Caniac box for the ride home with a giant sweet tea. Even after a 4-6 hour drive home, it's delicious.... if it lasts that long.
Hands down, best chicken fingers ever.

Seriously...these are not your average chicken fingers with processed meat and fake flavors. These are real chicken breasts fried, and they taste just like fried chicken.

This place doesn't offer much else - you can gets meals that come with coleslaw, french fries and texas toast...but for me, the chicken was the star. I didn't eat the rest of the sides.

Oh yes, they have sweet tea. And very clean bathrooms.
Some of the best fast food chicken I've had. Good portions and a decent price.
The moment I ate my first piece, it was love in my tummy!  O-M-G the Texas Toast, the chicken.... I devoured everything in my box, and I wanted more.  The only thing that sucked was that we wanted to get some for the ride home, but they were closed early for a company picnic.  But the next time I go to Vegas I will be a returning customer!
we call it the crack house because they have to be putting something in it to keep you craving for more. Unbelieveably delicious. I'm about to run out right now and get me some more. love love love my caniac. One love. xoxoxo.
I don't get it. I'm a chicken strips fiend and this was average at best. "Texas toast"=Hawaiian sweet bread. Sweet tea=Lipton w/sugar. I was so excited, not to mention, very full from a heavy lunch. But I had to have it. I had to experience what all the hype was about. Alas, I learned it was just that. Hype. It's ah-ight. But I wouldn't go there again. Yes, the chicken was moist breast meat, but the batter, which should have been crispy, was soggy, crumbly and surprisingly flavorless. The magic sauce that everyone raves about? It was some mayo-like, chipotle concoction that added nothing to the overall strip. Even the fries where nothing to write home about. The Texas toast brought back memories of eating at the Sizzler as a child. It was squishy, buttery and toasted and the best thing I had here. So disappointed.
Okay  my first negative review. Seriously I don't know what people are seeing in this place. It just specializes in Chicken Fingers if you want a light snack! So it is great for you Chicken Fingers Lovers only. Ok sure the Sweet Tea is a unique thing. I rather buy the Texas Toast loaf of bread in the supermarket and eat that instead. I've come to learn some people taste buds are way different or haven't been around too much to explore different restaurants out there in the world. There are much better fried chicken chain-restaurants out there  which is much more fulfilling and worth while. Positive thing I can say, it's a nice clean building and was kind of empty when I went in.
Texas Toast! Texas Toast! Texas Toast!! (oh and the chicken's pretty good too!) 

It's a suprisingly yummy alternative from your regular fast food chicken places. Delightfully crisp chicken and wonderfully buttered texas toast. The food came out pretty quick which is a plus.

The sweet tea was yummy. Just the right amount of sweetness.

Sorry KFC but you have another competitor.. cause this place is also finger lickin' good!
SWEET TEA!! SWEET TEA!! SWEET TEA!!

Came here randomly and was very excited that we did order food and not only the sweet tea. We ordered The Caniac:6 chicken fingers, fries, coleslaw, texas toast, yummy sauce and a large drink. Chicken fingers are great! Very light on the batter and the chicken, not dry, and was not overcooked aka extra crunchy too! The dipping sauce is crack! Its like a mix of thousand island and bbq sauce.. HEAVEN! Texas toast: buttered on both sides and toasted to perfection!

The sweet tea is good by itself. Think of McDonalds but 10 times better! Our friend reccommend to buy the gallon. Which we did! Who would have thought? Buying a gallon worth of sweet tea at the drive thru. Yes, it comes in a gallon size container. Im glad we did cus it lasted the whole weekend!

I would make an effort to come to on of their locations in Vegas. It is worth trying. Plus sweet tea in the Vegas heat..is refreshing!!

Make a location in the Bay Area..please!!!!
Great food and great staff!

(make sure you order extra sauce ;) )
I came to Raising Cane's for a quick lunch on the go. I hate eating in my car but...so be it. I ordered the Three Finger Combo: 3 chicken fingers, fries, Texas toast, sauce and a drink. The chicken fingers were huge, but they were also the most tender, juicy, well cooked chicken fingers I have ever had from a food establishment with a drive through window. The sauce was TDF! I was super satisfied with my choice to eat here and I will definitely come back. 

I don't have kids yet...but I just had a though: Raising Cane's chicken finger quality FAR exceeds any other fast food place, and I would ACTUALLY feed my young kids these chicken fingers...as opposed to the other "mcmystery chicken" places out there.
Fat ass, fresh ass fingers, sauce kick's ass. Super good. very clean place. That's all 4 now.
Love the simple menu (chicken fingers, fries, toast) the special sauce is the PREFECT dipping sauce for the meal. I enjoy this place for a little more than the casual fast food.
Raising Canes is a great addition to any city. And Las Vegas is the first time I've seen one.  Maybe it's only in LV?  I dont know. 

I used to hate on this place, only because I knew they just served regular ol' chicken fingers.  Until I actually tried it, and I was an idiot for hating on something I never even tried.  Never will I do that again.  The chicken is cooked to perfection, juicy, tender, crispy!  The fries are ok, it doesn't wow me, it just goes good with the fingers, but so does the toast! Buttery goodness.  And you gotta get an extra side of cane sauce, I dip everything in it. And the food too.

An then the sweet tea, oh the sweetie, oh the sweat tea, oh the sweaty... Free refills on them by the way.

It is true what they say; the toast is the most, the sauce is boss, chicken is kickin, the napkins whats hapnin, the straws the laws, the fries got size, and so on and so forth.
Although I've been a frequent patron of the Saks Fifth Outlet in the same shopping center for years, I've only recently tried Raising Cane's, mostly because I haven't quite bought into the Chicken Fingers concept.  Call me a health snob but I don't like to eat meat I don't recognize, and chicken fingers would rank #1 in this department.

My fiance is much less picky with fast food philosophies, and since Raising Cane's is so well-loved with Yelpers, I was convinced to give it a try, at the potential risk of sinking my teeth into Mystery Meat masqueraded as Chicken Fingers.

Well, the reward for my bravery was quite satisfying.  The chicken fingers tasted clearly to be good-quality chicken meat (more like pulled chicken, not minced chicken), moist, tender and flavorful.  The batter was also among the best, crispy without being too greasy.  The sauce is so delicious that I'd like to make this offer: if any Yelper knows the recipe to this sauce, please private message me for a bid.

I washed down these yummy chicken strips with the best sweet ice tea I've ever had.  I only speculate that it has to be made with real honey for that lingering subtlety of syrupy sweetness.
I wanted something fast for lunch and was @ The Outlet Mall so I grabbed some chicken fingers to take home.
The service is very fast and friendly. I ordered a typical combo plate that came with chicken,fries, cole slaw and a chunk of texas toast...and lets not forget the most amazing sauce for dipping those fingers!!
Me and my little guy made a picnic in the living room and pigged out. He loved dipping the fries in the sauce! LOL
I will never again go to KFC!!
Cane's Sauce, chicken strips, texas toast, fries, and sweet tea..That's basically all you really need right there! Every thing is so delicious and satisfying that it'll make you want to crave for more!! I usually like to get the Caniac box so that i have left over's for later and it's just like having two 3 finger combo's in one.

I really can't express how good their food is all through words so I suggest you take my word for it and try it! It will definitely not disappoint! 

Gosh, I wish I had some right now... LOL
I can't really figure out why this place is so tasty.  Basically everything you can order is brown in color and is composed of pure fat + carbs.  Oh that's why it's so good.  This is the kind of place for a late night belly filler where you need to ignore your health.

This is likely also a good place for the weekend visitor from LA to stop by on their drive back.  It's just a few short minutes from the strip to the South and has a drive thru.

The chicken fingers are juicy, flavorful, and the "Cane Sauce" is uniquely sweet, tangy and practically drinkable.  I was tempted to order more, but one little tub was enough for 3 chicken fingers.  In addition to this, the fries are a bit on the soggy side, but the Texas toast is firm and slightly crunchy.  In fact, this is how I imagine Texas toast should be like.

Considering all the fat and oil in a simple 3-piece meal, I didn't feel it seeping out of my pores like some fast food makes me feel.  It wasn't a pick-me-up or anything, but it didn't put me to sleep right away either.

Worth a visit if you want something quick and yummy.  Still, make sure to go on a jog later and burn all those calories off!
No flavor chicken fingers. The fries are kinda Ore-Ida busch league. I'm not into carb gorging, so I didn't eat the texas toast. Here's what really got my goat, only 2 sauces! You heard me right, just honey mustard and gross 'Cane's Special Sauce' (and they charge extra for them). How in the flying f#%&* do you open up 'Chicken Finger' franchises and NOT have Ranch, BBQ, or hot sauce?!?! That has to be the most moronic, piss-poor decision in the history of American fast food.
Awesome chicken strips. Fresh white meat chicken coated with flour batter, fried to a crispy perfection. Dip the strip into the original cane sauce and you've got one heck of a meal.

I ordered the Caniac combo which comes with 6 strips. The cole slaw is just ok. Fries are good. Texas toast is buttery and large. But the stars of the show are definitely those hot, crispy strips!

Place was clean and service was very friendly. I ate at a location in Dallas last year with my brother and was equally impressed there as well. Seems like a good franchise.
Chicken Strips that taste like real chicken. At first, you wonder, how come they taste funny? but that's because that is what chicken taste like! They are not over salted with pretend chicken extracts and MSG flavor, and are fried nice and crispy.

I normally don't touch french fries; but the sauce made them edible! (that is a HUGE deal!)

I'm very impressed by this place, good job Raising Cane's!
Best chicken strips I've ever had!  The sauce, fries, and chicken strips were very tasty and addicting.  If food was an addicting crack, the chicken strips and fries here are it and you can call me a chicken strip crackhead!   For some unknown reasons, I had such a bad craving for the food here that I came back 3 times during my one week vegas stay.  The price was reasonable and service was quick too.

ps. us Californians aren't deprived of anything...you're just a fat food hater.
I LOOOOOOOOOVE chicken strips/fingers/nuggets.  Raising Cane's is quite an experience.  Best fast food chicken strips hand down.  I wished we had some in Orange County.  It sure beats eating that crap at KFC! 

Heres the breakdown...

Chicken fingers: thumbs waaaaaaay up.  The chicken was moist and tender.  There was just enough coating and just enough crispy-ness to the outside.  I can eat 10 of them just by myself!! The special dipping sauce makes these fingers unbelievable. 

Texas toast: thumbs up!  Crispy and buttery outside.. soft and fluffy on the inside.  You can taste the artery clogging butter on the toast! YUMMM

Sweet tea: mind blowingly good.  So good that we had to grab a jug of the ish to go.  My bf wants to stop by Cane's on our next vegas trip and get jugs of the tea to mix with our booze!

Fries:  good but i've had better.

Verdict?  The chicken is damn tasty.  It may seem pricey but its a lot better than going to the strip and having dinner somewhere.  If you're looking for a good place to go after a drunken lunch on the strip head here for some meaty goodness.
Yummm! That about sums up my experience at Raising Cane's. Not much more to really say other then this place has really good fried chicken. It's a shame that none have opened up in California yet, but with chicken this good, it's definitely just a matter of time. 

However, before I rave about Raising Cane's, I feel that I need to respond to a negative review about the place from a certain Elite '11 member from Henderson, Nevada that yelped how Raising Cane's is "really expensive" for chicken fingers and that the 5 star reviews awarded by reviewers were mostly from "Californians who are deprived of food that doesn't taste like absolutely nothing". Come again? Those darned double negatives can be so baffling.

In regards to the price, Raising Cane's flagship combo is the "Box Combo", which consists of four generously proportioned chicken fingers, French fries, a slice of toast, a side of coleslaw, a side of sauce, and a drink that costs $6.79. Hardly a wallet buster! 

Moreover, compared to KFC' similar combo meal, the Variety Big Box Meal, which consists of a drumstick, a chicken strip, popcorn chicken, two small sides, a biscuit, and a drink that costs $5.99, the price difference of $0.80 seems hardly expensive, let alone "really expensive". And seriously, this member has probably never been to Chick fil-A where a 4-piece chicken strip meal costs $6.49. 

And the audacity to imply that Californians do not know what food tastes like and that California is the land of no seasoning is a gross misstatement. Seriously, apart from the Las Vegas area, the state of Nevada is nothing but a large sandbox with its total population (2.7 million) being less than that of the city of Los Angeles (3.8 million). Additionally, many of the restaurants along the Las Vegas Strip are spin-offs or branches of restaurants that were started by renowned chefs in California. Therefore, I really think the Elite '11 status of this member should be revoked. 

Anyways, back to Raising Cane's. The chicken is au natural and is made from premium chicken that isn't frozen. For a fast-food restaurant this is a rarity. It's one thing to say your chicken is 100% chicken, but to also proclaim that your chicken is never frozen is a testament to the freshness and quality of the food being served. As for the breading, the spices infused with the seasoning yelped of Southern flavoring. Trust me, I've been to the South (Alabama, Texas, the Carolinas), and for a fast-food restaurant, this is as close to authentic as you will get for $6.79. I literally enjoyed every bite. In fact as I ate, I ended up taking a huge ass bite of my lower lip. Yet despite my bleeding and swollen lip, I continued to inhale my chicken fingers like a whale pausing only to catch my breath and to dip my chicken into Cane's special ketchup/mayo/pepper/spice sauce. 

As for the coleslaw, fries, and Texas toast, they were okay, but I honestly didn't give a shit because the chicken was so "finger-lipping" good!

In regards to the drinks, Raising Cane's has your standard fountain drinks. But the real highlight is their sweet tea, which is really sweeeeeeeeeeeeet. While I'm sure it contains buckets of sugar (hence its sweetness), what kind of hypocrite would I be if I were counting calories at a fried-food restaurant? 

So, if you too would like to enjoy being a glutton for a day, hop into Raising Cane's to indulge in really good fried chicken... and definitely be sure to wash down all that yummilicious fried goodness with Raising Cane's sweet tea.
I'm not a really big fan when it comes to fast food but hands down to this place. Their chicken fingers are so moist, tender and juicy with a tangling natural chicken flavor. Their soft pillow like Texas toast is to die for. I felt like I was in chicken paradise for a moment till my finance 'accidentally' took a bite at the last piece of the chicken finger. Staring at his satisfying grin, I had to question his explanation.
Anyway this was a great eating experience despite the complain coming from my tummy after all the fries glided in my stomach.
***** SEX SUBSTITUTUE ******

I don't ever get tired of this place.  Secret Sauce is the boss -  the TX Toast, sweet Tea, and the chicken strips.......i want this on death row.

It's the seasoning in the strips and the sauce...you get that southern Nawlins feelen.   

This place needs to be 24/7
This place puts Wing Stop to shame. They may only have one flavor, but it is the flavor of AWESOME! I make sure to stop here every time I am in Vegas. Absolutely worth the short drive south of the strip. Please open one in So Cal.
If you are tired of KFC, Popeyes or Church Chicken and you are heading to Vegas. Go check it out and you might have the same feeling i do everything taste better when it's fresh.
Love it! The only problem we have found with the Cane's on Las Vegas Blvd is it is hard to find a seat to eat inside ((always so busy)), otherwise everything else is fantastic!
Top 2 chicken places ive ever been too,
the texas toast was perfectly toasted
the cole slaw could have a little more milk in it
be prepared to be uncomfortably full, i couldnt help myself when eating these chicken fingers, i just couldnt stop!

best bet is, take the number of chicken fingers you 'think' you can eat, subtract 1, and order that dish.

youll be one happy camper!
Very good
Today was my second time eating at Raising Cane's and I can certainly say, "Yum, I'll be back". I don't do much fast food and don't do a lot of chicken out, but I have been impressed with the taste and quality at this place. I get the three piece meal, which is more than enough food for me and it's a great value.  

It was a little too crowded today at lunch (I'm sure not for them) for us to sit and eat there, but I had no problem taking it and eating in my car...that's how good the food is. The service is always friendly. All I can ask for now is that they open one around Eastern and St. Rose Pkwy...they would make a killing!!! This is the place to go for fast food!
Love the chicken, fries and sauce - yum!
Went Yelping for a quick cheap bite since it doesn't seem to exist on the Las Vegas strip. This place came up and me and my boyfriend went for it. Definitely no regrets there. Here's why:
-There was a line but it moved quick.
-Orders came out speedy quick as well.
-Toast-- Yum for bread lovers. The slight sweetness of it really offsets everything else.
-Chicken-- Pretty damn good for chicken fingers! Lightly battered, crispy, and moist. Made the fries an "ehh" for me. And I love me some fries. Oh and I almost forgot about the coleslaw. Cuz it really didn't need to be there for me.
-And it doesn't even burn a hole in your wallet.
Definitely a revisit whenever I'm in the area.
They do make amazing chicken strips, I must say. I wrap em in the Texas toast, than dip em in their sauce. The fries are just ok. They're like Chinese food fries here in NY. Thick, crinkle cut. No me gusta. Oh, the ice tea. Its crack! In a good way. Get the sweetened ice tea. If your eating fried chicken & fries, u might as well get the sweat tea. This place is perfect for kids. Straight up child menu.  Chicken strips, baby!
This place is amazing...everytime I come to vegas I make it a point to eat there for lunch at least once.  YUMO is the way I describe that Texas toast and chicken fingers...cant forget the sweet tea.  If you want to save some of that cash you bring to Vegas then this is the place to eat. ;-D
Not worth the price..just down the street you can get better fingers cheaper..
I heard about this place when I was watching a TV show about CEO's who go undercover to do go deeds (no...it wasn't Undercover Boss). The Raising Cane's CEO/creator and his wife went down to Louisiana to see where some of their fortune could help out. I thought that was pretty cool even if it was for publicity. So I thought I would give it a whirl. 

My monkeys, mom and myself all rolled in and each ordered a combo (I think I got the box lunch and my mom got the smallest one). Oh Dear Lord! The strips were soft, the fries were crinkle cut and perfectly crispy (just like I like them), the cole slaw wasn't too soupy, the Texas toast melted in my mouth and THE SAUCE. Their sauce should be a 5th food group. I put it on everything (strips, toast, fries, fingers). 

Their sweet tea and lemonade are quite tasty as well and very refreshing. Will be a loyal patron of Raising Canes because of their genuinely friendly service, great food and nice place for kids.
Its chicken fingers so I thought how hard is it to make them right.  Not only did they do it right; they did it SPECTACULARLY.
First off, I have had better chicken fingers elsewhere. I've had better fries, sweet tea, and everything else this place serves. 

However.

Cane's puts it all together and pairs it with this SAUCE that I'm sure is just Thousand Island with some black pepper but It makes everything taste better. But then again that is the major flaw of Canes as well in that It needs this sauce to really cross the threshold of beyond "average" because without the sauce, the chicken fingers are quite bland and have very little flavor (tasting somewhat like Church's Chicken) despite being juicy and fresh-cooked to order.

The Texas Toast is what does it for me though. I love that bread and it's perfectly grilled every time! The Fries are average fries, there to look pretty and munch on after you are done with the toast and chicken.

The price is right though and the service is fast. Can't complain too much about this place, and the ambiance of the actual restaurant is good for just sitting and conversations. 


And the mascot is a DOG WITH SUNGLASSES so that bumps the star count to 5
"Cluck Cluck Chicken Chicken What Meal You Be Picken". that's what you can expect to hear pulling through the drive through.  I always go with the box combo, 4 fingers plus fries and coleslaw with a jumbo slice of Texas toast and their secret sauce.  Sweet tea is a must for my wife but I have also been told the lemonade is outstanding.  Great spot for a fast food meal sure to please your taste buds every time
The chicken fingers taste just like it does at other Raising Cane's. Fresh food and french fries and the sweet tea. Friendly staff BUT they need to stay on top of keeping the tables clean because i had to wipe down my own table.
The sandwhich combo is amazing and a great deal compared to other fast food chicken sandwhiches.  You get more chicken than anywhere else and you can't beat the Cane's sauce.  Who cares if the combo is about 1000-1200 calories? :-P
When I first heard about this place, I was reluctant to try because chicken fingers are one of my favorite foods. However, I finally gave in and decided to check it out, and let me say, I have been eating here at least twice a week since. The chicken fingers and fries are great, but what really makes the experience amazing is the Cane's sauce. It is so good I almost want to dip everything I eat in it for the rest of my life. The sweet tea is consistently amazing, something I appreciate because places like Lucille's and Memphis BBQ struggle to keep their sweet tea consistent.

This place is definitely worth giving a try, and if you're a sauce person, ordering an extra side of Cane's sauce will probably be necessary.
pretty good food with generous portions!! Sweet tea is great and overall experience is great!
Texas Toast and Cane's Sauce. Really, that's all you need when you come to Cane's. Something about the buttery, crispy deliciousness of the Texas Toast with the creaminess to the ambiguous Cane's Sauce (similar to a Thousand Island dressing with far more pepper) - it's euphoria in your mouth.

As for the chicken fingers, they are definitely better than what they used to be. When Cane's first came to Vegas, the fingers were dry and the downfall of the place. However, they have most certainly improved - moist and perfectly fried. The fries are decent, just sub-par crinkle fries that I tend to not even order. The slaw is good, but nothing extraordinary. 
Then there's the tea - a bit too sweet for my liking, but always consistently good. 

But I'm telling you, the toast and the sauce. All you need really. If anything, get the chicken on the side.
Last trip to vegas , was on the way to the airport, Sadly on my way back to reality , I wanted a quick snack , I remembered Dena A. raving about this place . So a quick drive thru  was in order . The 3 finger combo was just what the Doctor Needed. Nice Kick to the chicken , Texas Toast was Excellent , some fries , and A diet coke . Go to go . Had that sucker gone before I was  back to drop off the Rental car.
I'm really jealous that we don't have this in Southern California! I really enjoyed their Chicken Fingers! Their Chicken is so moist and juicy in every bite. They're definitely bland without their signature secret Cane's sauce, it's a simple recipe and it was fun breaking down the ingredients but it would be wrong for me to tell you what was in it, even their employees are sworn to secrecy. It was so good, I almost forgot that I was eating fast food! The fries were okay because they weren't fresh but frozen bag and my least favorite item included. The cole slaw was very good, dressed well and perhaps made fresh daily. The texas toast was seasoned perfectly, toasted nicely and soft outside. I didn't get to try their lemonade but their sweet tea is good but go easy on the ice. Their ice melts so fast and then becomes less sweet.

I really enjoyed the look of the restaurant! Elvis, The Rat Pack, Led Zeppelin, Muhammad Ali and other classic american icons grace the walls. I couldn't get enough of the decor nor the food! I've heard so much about this company but was skeptical about the fact that they're a fast food joint and I was proven wrong.
After reading the Yelp reviews, I was expecting a bit more. Here's my take on the 3 Finger Combo:

- chicken strips: definitely moist / juicy and cooked to order so not sitting under a heat lamp as they advertise. I was expecting a bit more crunch and batter
- sauce: great sauce, although not the orgasmic experience a few mention, but indeed have to have it with the chicken fingers
- fries: equivalent to Ore-Ida; can't beat the In-n-Out fresh fries: you can tell the difference
- texas toast: mine was a less crunch like they took it out 10 seconds sooner than it should

Kids did eat everything on the kids meal so give Canes credit for that.
I'd never heard of this chain until coming to Vegas.  It was right next to some outlets, too, so it was a perfect spot to grab a quick lunch.  The place was hopping!  My friend and I shared the Caniac, which came with six pieces of chicken fingers, fries, cole slaw, texas toast, a drink, and two containers of their special sauce.  I think it only cost about $8 - cheap.

The chicken fingers were pretty good for a fast food chain but what I really enjoyed was the Texas Toast!  It was soft yet sweet.  Delicious.  I also liked their sauce - it tasted like a blend of ketchup, mayonnaise, soy sauce, pepper and sugar.  It wasn't quite as sweet as I had expected (it has a color similar to Thousand Island but it's definitely different) but it went well with the chicken.  Food came out quickly, too, and the crinkle cut fries were nice and crisp.  

Great little fast food joint!
ridiculously good for under $10.
I love canes, but sometimes the people they hire can hurt the business. Did you know Canes offers military discounts? I use this discount often, but when I went to use it at the rainbow location the staff member forgot and didn't even bother to apologize or correct her error. I called and let the manager know but never heard back.
Please hire better customer service staff! Your food is to awesome to lose customers due to workers.
Always enjoy this place and this location has some of the fun-est friendlies staff ever, they actually seem to enjoy their job and it shows.    Stopped here while we were next door at tropical cafe for a geocaching event (google geocaching if you're wondering, we're a fun crazy group..well some of us are) and decided instead of eating there we will indulge in some of the AWESOME dip sauce.  Chicken strips are always crispy on the outside and juicy in the center, our only complaint is the bread wasn't as delightful as normal just a bit greasy.
This is one of many food options at the Vegas outlet mall. The usual suspects were all present and I had never heard of this place before so we stopped in. I was hesitant at first because of the concept...just chicken strips..but boy was I pleasantly surprised! 

First of all, the atmosphere was great! Lots of movie posters on the walls and plenty of pictures of Cane. The staff was lively and the place was packed for lunch. We ordered the standard offering of chicken strips, fries & Texas toast. 

The strips were marinated and very tasty even without the sauce. It is the sauce that puts this place over the top. I will definitely try to make a return trip next time I'm in Vegas!
Did you go to an SEC school? Do you remember Guthrie's?  If you have fond memories of both then Raising Cane's is just the spot.  The fries, fingers and sauce are all the same, the only difference being the toast is more "Texas" than at Guthrie's.  Also, the tea is a lil less sweet that the sweet tea at the Auburn Guthrie's which is fine actually.

Nice, clean, open space and friendly staff - definitely will be coming back!
my vegas trip is never complete without a taste of canes before i leave! i LOVE their chicken fingers and their sauce. the fries are sooo delish! the service is usually pretty good. great fast food joint to get away from the strip! =)
I landed in Vegas around noon and needed a quick bite to eat. This place didn't disappoint. I ordered the 2 piece combo which came with a piece of the yummiest texas toast for $5.99. Great service? Yes. Cheap & quick eats? Definitely. The BOMB sweet tea? Oh yeah!

I'll definitely return.
I really wish they had one of these in the OC/LA area. But I guess that would be bad because I would eat here everyday, if that were the case.

I always make it a point to stop here on the way in to Las Vegas and on the way out. I love everything about this place, from the sweet tea to the amazing dipping sauce!

The food is always fresh and comes out piping hot! The prices are great and the 6 piece combo is definitely enough to split between two people (but add an extra thing of Texas Toast because it is just that amazing). 

 You will not regret eating at this place.
If you have a bunch of kids or picky eaters, then this is the place to go.  I would give it a 5 star based on this only.  However, since the fare here is fried and breaded, I have to lower this due to fitness and health reasons for kids.

Ok, I do admit I liked it regardless.....

1.  Chicken Tenders - Very tasty, tender and the right size. Juicy and piping hot.

2.  Fries - Great when hot, however if you order to go and bring them home, they need to be properly warmed up.

3.  Sizing - They have all sorts of sizes for the appetite and the prices are reasonable.  Several times I have ordered a tray of the tenders and the fries. I usually go for the 25 piece tenders and find them just not enough...

Clean and Easy toilets, great parking, and fantastic service. 

GK says, for fast food, this is a great place to go.
1 Star for the mixed up order, slow service and poor customer service received here.

Wanted to try this place out, and ordered the 4 strips in the store to go. I waited a few minutes and noticed that they served about 6 cars in the drive thru before asking where my order was. The guy told me it would be right out, then the next orders that came out were for others that ordered way after I did. I went up there again to see what the problem was, and the female drive thru person with the dirty black sweater, glasses and a headset said my order would be out in 4 seconds. I said yeah right, 4 seconds are up and it came out close to another 4 minutes later. I basically wasted 15 minutes of my life in this hell hole. The food wasn't all that either, more like Raising cr@p to me...
Great Texas toast, incredible dipping sauce, fries are so so, the chicken is always cooked right, and the fresh lemonade is worth the visit alone. Walk-up service, employees have always been polite. Bathrooms have always been clean.
The food here is great and all, but I need healthy options for when I'm dieting, and this place has NONE.
Everything they have is breaded, fried, or dripping with saturated fat!
It's truly built for fatasses, and people ignorant of their organ's inability to regenerate, but I have heard nothing but ravings from fans, so I thought I'd give it a go.

Ordered the smallest thing: 3 pcs, fries, texas toast, with soda. I was completely stuffed full of carbs by the time I finished. I even won a free chicken strip coupon...and gave it to my sister, who is one of the raving fans.

BFG's is far more superior...bur what do I expect? Cane's a chain.
Cane's: give me more options and I'll return, I'm a gemini for christ's sake.

I'm not saying don't try it-variety is the spice of life, and a lot of people LOVE this place like a brother, I'm just not one of them.
Please build some RAINSING CANE'S franchise here in So Cal. 

I had an awesome late night 11pm drive-thru experience here. 
Ordered THE CANIAC COMBO which was A LOT OF FOOD (1st STAR).
It had 6 chicken fingers, fries, coleslaw, 2 Cane's sauce, Texas toast, and large drink.

The service wasn't as fast as expected probably because THE FOOD WAS HOT AND FRESH when it was served (2nd STAR). The drive-thru SERVER WAS REALLY FRIENDLY AND ATTENTIVE (3rd STAR). The chicken fingers were JUICY, TENDER, AND TASTY (4th STAR). Their sauce tasted like bbq sauce but we a tiny different kick to it that makes it uniquely delicious. 
COLESLAW AND TOAST AREN'T USUALLY INCLUDED IN A CHICKEN FINGERS/STRIPS MEAL but they do at Cane's (5th STAR). 

DEFINITELY A MUST-GO-TO RESTAURANT WHENEVER I VISIT LAS VEGAS!!
one of the best $7meals ive ever 
 had.   Chicken was great, fries amazing.   Loved it.
Warning: It is ALOT of food.

Crispy Chicken Fingers.
Warm Soft Buttery Toast.
French Fries.
Cole Slaw.

the sauce... Cane's sauce. I don't know what they put in that thing, but man it is so addicting! I always smother the left over fries in the sauce, it is that good!

Drive-thru is also convenient. Set up like fast food, but the quality of a sit-down restaurant.
I can't get enough of this place.  I would hear people complain about this place only having one sauce for your chicken.  Well, there's a reason there is only one Cane sauce, because it makes you whole plate taste better.  I dip everything in this stuff.  well everything except the slaw!  The menu is simple and the chicken is always fresh.  The employees are always helpful and smiling unlike unhappy McDonald employees.  This place is the best! Cheers!
Proud to be a Caniac!  "Where the sauce is the boss and the chicken is king!" You must order an extra Cane's sauce with every combo.. it's terribly addicting.  And the toast?  Seriously?!  Oh, and don't forget the large sweet tea... oh how sweet it is... 

By the way, it also helps with the recovery after a crazy Vegas night ;)
In Vegas and we were looking for a quick bite to eat, decided to have fast food but wanted something new, so we decided to drop by Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers and I ended up loving it!!!

So good, so affordable, and so fast; the chicken fingers were so tender and it did not appear greasy whatsoever. I've been here a couple of times after the first time and my usual order is now the Combo Box (which I share with my husband) - comes with four pieces of chicken fingers, fries, coleslaw, texas toast, one Cane's Sauce, and a regular drink priced around $7!

The combination of chicken, slaw, fries, and toast together satisfies me in all ways; the texas toast is by far the best toast I have ever had, really! The outer part of the bread is golden and crispy, but once you pass that outer layer, the middle part of the bread is so soft and just literally melts in your mouth. Love it!
I can't believe I'm giving a fast food, chicken strip joint five stars!
I feel...I feel...good about it. 

I mean, come on, for just a few cents over six bucks you get 
This box http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3vxIqhm2jCVjkUWtmDvTsw?select=orF-6gO8zteljlzAFq-Oqg
Filled with some of the best fried chicken strips (5 strips) I've ever had http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3vxIqhm2jCVjkUWtmDvTsw?select=4wdej6Xl7xL5BL8w3dsEbA
Plus fries and Texas toast http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3vxIqhm2jCVjkUWtmDvTsw?select=K8h0AZmAa9S5SC93VmpVjQ
And Cole slaw and an amazing dipping sauce http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3vxIqhm2jCVjkUWtmDvTsw?select=5OyWMqG6JdeX0AgfE8yNOw
And this gigantic sweet tea http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3vxIqhm2jCVjkUWtmDvTsw?select=Vhnh9U2Q_Xh9N8aanZf6Zg

In all honesty, Raising Cane's does serve up some of the best tasting chicken strips I've ever had. And definitely the best I've ever had from a fast food joint. Every strip is fresh and prepared after they're ordered. They're super crispy on the outside and juicy in the middle but the best thing is there is zero grease on these strips. The fries were also nice and crispy on the outside and fluffy in the middle. The toast, slaw and sauce were all amazing too. Oh, and their sweet tea is perfect. Not overly sweet. Perfect. 

Prices are dirt cheap and service is fast and friendly. 

Majors thanks to Dru "DirtySmoke http://www.dirtysmokebbq.com/" C. for putting this place on my radar. You're right, Dru, it was amazing. 
Check out Raising Cane's for yourself next time you're in Vegas. Trust me, it's worth leaving the strip for.
my boyfriend and i were going to vegas for the weekend. from the moment we left california, he would not stop talking about this place. we arrived around midnight and that was the first place he wanted to go to before we even checked in to our hotel... i agreed and thought to myself, this place better be worth it because i'm crazy tired. we went through the drive thru, ordered a 6 piece caniac to share and sat in the parking lot to eat. he made me take the first bite and to my amazement... OMG! it was freakin' good! the best chicken tenders you will ever have at a fast food restaurant. the chicken is real, for one...but besides that, it is juicy and tender with the perfect amount of breading to make it crispy. 

needless to say, we stopped by before we headed back to cali... raising cane's is a must try!
Raising Cane's is simply amazing. Best fast food joint and will definitely satisfied your chicken strip craving.
Heard such great things about this place.  We had time to spare so we exited early and went here for a late lunch.  The chicken fingers are really tender and moist.  When I think chicken fingers/tenders, I imagine an overly breaded piece of nothing that is dry and stale.  Not here.  Not at all.  This was nicely breaded and the chicken was amazing.  Who said tenders/fingers are for kids?!

The best part was the sauce.  Most of their meals comes with one or two, but I ordered an extra for 30 cents or something.  I guess the other best part was the freshly brewed sweetened tea.  Brings me back to when I used to live in the South and where sweetened tea is their specialty.
Oh Raising Cane's. How I have missed you so.

I'm currently living in Northern California, but used to go to Raising Cane's quite often when I used to live in Vegas. I miss their delicious dipping sauce that comes with the chicken fingers. I miss their Texas Toast. And I definitely miss their sweet tea. I always had to mix their sweet tea with regular tea because it was a tad bit too sweet for my taste buds. But I still miss it!

It's been a while since I've had it last. But I enjoyed it so much that I just had to express my love for it through this review.
I LOVE this place! So much that I want to own one here in Cali! Every time we go to Vegas we have Raising Canes!!!! The chicken fingers are so perfect and even the Texas toast hits the spot.

The employees are always pleasant and it is probably b/c they get to eat texas toast and drink sweet tea all day long. 

You should totally check this place out whenever you can!
Succulent and fresh chicken tenders that were not overpowered by heavy breading. The cane's sauce was sweet and peppery - delicious! Don't forget to ask for the Louisiana Hot Sauce - that really brings everything together. 

Delicious crinkle cut fries! Just as another had suggested. I devoured all the fries. 

Coleslaw tasted fresh and not overbearingly heavy on the mayo.

Overall, excellent chicken strips, but I can't do too much fried foods anyway without getting an upset stomach, so this will be saved for my once in a while fried foods indulgence :)
We ate here tonight for the very first time. I'm a big fan of chicken fingers however I usually end up really sick after eating them because most of the time chicken fingers are very greasy and have a really bad after taste, so needless to say, it's been pretty long since I've had chicken fingers. Let me just say that I've not burped up any funky tastes after eating here, or burped peroid for that matter. I was very impressed by the fact that the outside was crunchy and the inside was juicy and moist and it was cooked perfectly! The sauce is ok however I don't like mayo based sauces and I like my fingers plain with bbq sauce or louisiana hot sauce. The fries were good but I will say that I have had better fries at other places. The texas toast was a great compliment to the fingers, grilled but soft and not slathed in oil or butter. I didn't eat the cole slaw because well I just don't like cole slaw. LOL. Overall, I think it's a good value for the amount of food you get, the menu is no-fuss, kinda reminds me of In-N-Out Burger with long drive-thru lines, a small menu and friendly workers.
The best little chicken finger place in Las Vegas? It's Raising Cane's chicken fingers. They only have one thing on the menu but its way worth a try! When first trying Cane's I was a little skeptical of the fact they didn't have anything else on the menu except fingers and fries and the fact they didn't have ranch dipping sauce. However after trying their signature Caniac meal I knew why they only had one thing on the menu, because you wouldn't want to order anything else anyway! The Caniac comes with 6 chicken fingers, french fries, grilled texas toast bread, and Cane's special sauce. The Cane's sauce is hands down the best dipping sauce I have ever had and the Caniac is more than enough to fill me up and I can eat! If you are in Vegas and are having chick-fil-a withdrawals, unfortunately Vegas has yet to embrace the king of chicken, Raising Cane's is a quite capable replacement and you might head home wishing that there was a raising Cane's in your hometown instead!
It's chicken fingers, fries, coleslaw and Texas toast. Nothing else. They just take those same things and mix them around a bit. BUT if you think that's a bad thing then you've never been there. It's simple, good, inexpensive food in Vegas. We loved that it was piping hot, fast and served with a smile. No need to study the menu... Want 2, 3, 4 or 6 pieces? Want coleslaw or not? Thats about all the decisions you need to make. We liked it and will probably have more before leaving Sin City.
Only in Vegas can there be a restaurant dedicated to chicken dishes!  Their chicken fingers were quite good and for the price it was a whole lot of food.  Definitely worth the drive just off the Strip.
This is my all time favorite chicken fingers! So far this place has the most delicious juicy crunchy tasty chicken fingers I have ever had! You can tell it actually came from a chicken breast! The menu here at Cane's is simple, you want chicken fingers with fries, coleslaw, Texas toast, or as a sandwich? Why complicate things? At least everything on the menu is good even the drinks! I love their sweet tea, and also their fresh squeezed lemonade, made fresh from real lemons everyday, (which by the way is not refillable and cost a few quarters more). Their secret ranch/ketchup/pepper dipping sauce is pretty bomb too, and if you want extra it's .50c more too, but hey am not complaining coz I LOVE their food! Also if you read up on their history it's pretty interesting too. So definitely try this place out if you haven't yet you are definitely missing out.
BO-RING!

I don't get the Raising Cane's love.  I don't.  I used to go to Raising Cane's when I lived in Texas and I've been a few times here when I'm sick of everything else.  I could make better fries in my oven.  The chicken is okay, but I'm not blown away.  I HATE the Cane's sauce.  HATE.  I wish they at least offered BBQ.  If I know I'm gonna have to eat here because my fiancé has a hankerin' for some mediocre chicken strips, I always bring a bottle of Sweet Baby Ray's in my purse.  Some people around us (and the workers) usually laugh or make fun, but by the end of our time dining there, a few people also ask for a squirt of the good stuff.  

Plus one star for excellent iced tea.
Best fast food chicken I have ever had...super cheap and filling. My meal was 3 pieces of chicken, fries, damn good toast and a drink. All for less than $6. Can't beat that!
Oh Cane's....I am in love with you! 

I ate here for the first time only a few short months ago and I can't believe I never discovered this place sooner. Every time I come in (which lets face it, it's at least once a week) the staff is always friendly and the service is quick.

For $6 I can get 4 hot, perfectly seasoned chicken fingers, a whole lotta crinkle fries, the most amazing, buttery Texas toast I've ever ate and to top it all off... I get this blissful little cup of Cane's sauce, which is to die for. Really, $6? Best value for the quality of "fast food" you get...I can't even get out of McDonald's that cheap.

Hold up....let me circle back for just a moment. Did I tell you home much I love the Cane's sauce? I dip EVERYTHING in it (including my fingers!). You only get one with your meal but I am willing to sacrific my coleslaw side for them to throw in an extra one for me. Plus if you need more, they're like 19 cents. Big whoop. 

This place is what dreams are made of ;) Swoon!
What's so special about this place? The sauce is okay, but Chick-fil-a has more choices of chicken and sauces. The "texas toast" I got was not even toasted.
4 strips, slaw, shoestring crinkles, smokey ranch, and texas toast = less than seven bucks.  Chicken strips were absolutely delicious, not overbreaded and not greasy.  Great, great, great for the lunch the day after partaking in the consumption of high octane beverages!
Looking for cheap and good food after a long weekend in Vegas? Well, this is the place you're looking for! 

I got the three chicken strip combo that came with a drink, fries and buttery bread! OMG...the bread is delicious!! You have to dip the bread in the sauce they give you. It's amazing...TRUST ME, YOU WON'T REGRET IT! And the sweet tea is just perfect too! It goes great with the whole meal! 

I'm definitely going back when I'm in Vegas again!
The chicken is soggy. The fries are soggy. Everything is deep-fried and horrible for me.

So why do I find myself here at least once a week? There's something that keeps drawing me back to Cane's. Maybe it's the sauce. Maybe it's the super-moist chicken. It's probably not the always-friendly and borderline overly-enthusiastic employees, but they're certainly a nice bonus.

Once I dip the chicken (and the fries, and the toast) into the Cane's sauce, any complaints of sogginess go out the window and all I want is more sauce. The fresh-squeezed lemonade and reasonable prices ($6.29 for three fingers, fries, toast, and a drink) are also appreciated.

Even though nothing really stands out as mind-blowingly good, I find myself addicted to this little fast food chain.
not chick fil a but close to it- the sauces is good
If you are looking for fresh and juicy chicken strips, this is the place.  Great customer service and they get your order done quick.  Make sure to get a combo that comes with the toasted bread, so good.
The chicken strips were really good but the sauce they provide to dip sorta sucked. Maybe I can try it again next time I'm in Vegas...
Where's the ranch?!
Came here before work for a quick bite. I ordered the chicken sandwich and three extra fingers on the side plus a medium drink. The total was 10.01, I gave the cashier a 10.00 dollar bill that I had on my hand ready thinking that it would be enough. She stood there waiting for me to come up with the missing penny, I gave her another 10.00 dollar bill and she gave me my 9.99 change back, I took the four pennies and placed them on the side so the next person that needed a penny could use them.
 When I got my chicken I realized there was no dipping sauce so I went back to the counter and asked an employee for some ranch for my chicken, the guy looked at me like I had asked for something no one has ever asked for and said " we don't have that."  can I get some BBQ then? " we don't have that either. "  you mean. You're out of everything? " No. we only carry our special sauce " ( ok, now that you made me feel stupid for asking for something weird like ranch dressing in a chicken finger place ), can I have some of your special sauce, please? " sure, that'll be 31 cents"  by now I'm wishing I would've stopped at a 7/11 and got a freaking hot dog, but luckily I had change thanks to employee number one. I handed him 35 Cents that he then handed to employee # 1 (cashier), she was busy taking someone else order so she sat the money on the side and took the four cents that I had previously left and gave them to me as change. WTF!
 And now that my rant is out of the way, here's my review........

The Chicken is good and BYOD.
     ( bring your own dressing)
The Cane's sauce goes great with everything -  fries, chicken fingers.  Love the toast! Love love the sweet tea! However, this location is very busy as it is in a tourist-y area -  being on LV Blvd and in the same shopping complex as the outlet mall.  If you prefer a less busy location, try the ones that are more local!  They have several close by.
What's not to like about this place? 

The menu is super simple; you order pretty much based on how many chicken strips you want. Their "Box" combo includes 4 chicken fingers, crinkle fries, a thick slice of Texas toast (buttery, garlicky and grilled), coleslaw and a cup of their lovely sauce, plus a drink. 

I love the following: the crinkle fries, since no one has them anymore; the chicken, which is crispy without being bready, moist without being soggy; the coleslaw tastes nothing like the slop at other chicken places; their sauce is to.die.for.; and they use crushed ice in their drinks, which I love, but I'm not sure why.

Tips: you can purchase extra sauce, but it you sauce properly, one cup should do it. If you bring your dog through the drive thru, they'll sometimes give you a dog biscuit. Any business that has a soft spot for my pup is a good business!
Box combo is a perfect amount of food. 4 fingers, slaw, fries, Texas toast and a drink for around $7. Fresh cooked to order non frozen chicken fingers!!!!!
Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers and Texas toast are De.Li.Ci.Ous...especially after a night of partying it up on the Strip.  One of my faves is that they sell their sweet tea in gallon jugs so you can enjoy more of it at home.  Is there a RC location in California yet?
My bf was talking this place up so much, just had to try it. And I totally see why! The food is delicious!

At first I was expecting something along the lines of KFC. But this was WAY better. Their special sauce, which seems like mayo + ketchup + pepper, doesnt taste like much on its own, but with the chicken, omg Im drooling just thinking about it. The chicken is nicely breaded without being too thick or greasy, the krinkle cut fries arent greasy either and have a nice crunch, the toast is thick and fluffy and nicely flavored without being greasy either. You might be able to tell Im surprised by the lack of grease. 

Other than the food, the place was a little messy, but it was pretty busy and they seemed short staffed. But totally willing to overlook that with their awesome food! Cant wait to go back the next time Im in Vegas!
I keep being dragged here. GRRRRRR!!!!As much as I want to dislike it, it's good. The sauce is yummy, the chicken (it's chicken strips what do you want?) it hot and tasty, the bread is nice, the fries are basic.
Normally when I think of chicken fingers, I think of over-battered insipid dried pieces of chicken just short of reaching jerky status.  And this is for the chicken fingers that I considered pretty decent.

Raising Cane's chicken fingers completely shattered all my preconceived notions of what great chicken fingers were.  So moist and hot, they should come with a disclaimer, as the hot steam escaping from your first bite will surely burn you.  I doubt that one can even find chicken fingers so good in a sit-down restaurant setting.  The dipping sauce that it comes with is ok, akin to a peppery mayonnaise, but left me wishing that I had one of those little travel size Tabasco sauces.  Next time I will get it to-go or bring my own sauce.

All of this for a price that even a college student would consider a bargain.
On a recent Vegas trip with my friends, we all got to select an activity that everyone must go to or do.  Mine was to go to Raising Cane's because I like chicken fingers and the last time I had them was over a year ago.  

This Raising Cane's is located at the Las Vegas Outlets, so you can only imagine how crowded and busy it can be.  And if you think the one on Flamingo is a better bet, think again, it's just as crowded. We came during the lunch rush, it was also Labor Day too.  They also happened to have an event going on, a race car driver was there and they had a giveaway for a ride in his car.  I shared with my boyfriend, we ordered the Caniac which is 6 chicken fingers, Texas toast, coleslaw, fries, and a drink. Just as I remember it, tender and juicy.  As some may have said before, be careful on the first bite, these things are HOT, not spicy but temperature.  I think they cook the chicken to order.  I really like the sauce, it's peppery with the right amount of tangy-ness.  I think that's the whole reason I go!  If you haven't tried the sauce you should, because I didn't at first and didn't like the chicken, but the combo with together it tastes amazing!  The fries are standard, tastes like the Ore-ida brand.  If you like sweet tea, the sweet tea is good, especially with during the hot Vegas weather.  I like that they service the drink with crushed ice, I like it better than the cubes.  Personally, I don't like the toast, I feel it needs something else.  Maybe next time, I'll spend the sauce on it to see how it tastes, maybe that's what it needs.  Enough of this fatass talk...

The service is good, everyone there is so nice.  You get greeted when you enter and when you leave.  I can't wait for my next Vegas trip, because Vegas locations are the closest locations to CA!
Cane's Rocks!!!!  My family and I eat here at least once a week and it is consistently wonderful.  The employees are usually younger, college or high school kids who seem to actually love their jobs.  Great energy, great food.  The dipping sauce is fantastic.  Get the toast buttered and toasted on both sides, makes all the difference in the world...and of course dip it in the secret sauce!

Love the fries.  Always perfectly cooked so they aren't crispy or soggy.  Just right.

Even my picky little eaters (ages 1.5 and 3) will devour Cane's.
Stopped by to pick up some drive through the other day.  The staff was above and beyond the most friendliest.  I was very impressed with them.
Cane's one love is Chicken Fingers. And they prepare them like nobody else. While I miss Chick-Fil-A, Cane's takes care of my chicken cravings in Vegas quite well. A Box Combo, add an extra side of their famous sauce, and a large sweet tea that is some of the best sweet tea I've found beyond what I make myself...and you've got a surefire lunch or fast dinner that always satisfies. Add in always friendly customer service and you can't go wrong by stopping here.
Eh.  It's fast food.  Not sure what the hype is all about.
This has been on my check list for some time and I finally got to try it!

Crowded location since its next to the shopping outlets but fast service and clean!

Moist, flavorful chicken fingers that aren't overly battered.
Cane's sauce is comparable to Chick-Fil-A sauce but with pepper added. 
Texas Toast: Yum!
And can you say all you can drink sweet tea?!?

Definitely stop by if your in Vegas.
About as boring a meal as you can get without dozing off into your plate. Bland, plain and tasteless. The only part of the meal with any flavor was the large piece of salty bread. Avoid.
awesome chicken. Very fresh fast food
My review will strictly be on what I ordered:

The Box Combo - Shared this with a friend and it was the perfect amount.  I'll start with the chicken fingers.  Obviously freshly battered and fried which makes a huge difference in the overall quality of the product.  Moist, tender, crispy, and simply seasoned.  The Canes sauce goes heavy on the cracked pepper, which I didn't mind at all.  The fries will crinkle cut fries which I think are fitting to the type of meal that is being served.  The coleslaw was pretty standard and on the sweet side.  The toast well...... I mean who doesn't love a warm, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside thick piece of white bread with butter slathered on one side? YUM!

OVERALL:  Pretty good place for what it is.  You don't find places that focus on chicken fingers so it's a great alternative for those who aren't so much into the 93457203975209384 burger joints in this country.

Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
my friends were raving bout this place.. it was just ok for me.. the bread was fresh warm and not too sweet.. the chicken.. i admit it's better than kfc.. but we went back 3 times within 2 days!
I LOVE CHICKEN FINGERS! I could probably eat them every day of the week! But sadly, that dream is not going to be reality anytime soon!

Reading some of my other Vegas Yelp friend's reviews, I bookmarked this place in hopes I could talk Minh into going before we hit up the outlets, which by the way is in the same area as this place!

Don't look for anything fancy here; it's just a good ol' drive thru fast food joint. Except when you walk in ::drum roll:: its clean smelling and clean looking! All the employees are actually happy to be working and even greet you! 

Since we were having a late lunch, we decided to share a meal and went with ordering:

The Box Combo:
Four Chicken Fingers 
Fries 
Coleslaw 
Cane's Sauce 
Texas Toast 
Regular Drink

There is plenty of seating inside, we found a booth but wasn't 100% clean. Maybe we sat down too quick. An employee was walking by so I asked him if he would not mind cleaning out table. Instead of the rude yeah okay. He was nice about it and even said sorry that the tabletop was not totally clean. 

Our number was called and Minh went to go get our food. When he got back to the table, the box was huge. The smell was inviting and the taste was the best! The chicken tenders were lightly seasoned and juicy! I had a bite of the coleslaw and that was pretty darn good too! Texas toast was out of this world yummi (I paid dearly for it over the next couple of days since I cannot really eat bread anymore) but it was worth it! Light and buttery this toast was thick!

The Cain sauce had an interesting taste; it was a unique and went well with the fries (which were not oily) and the chicken strips!

Raising Cane's was built from a dream one guy had. When others turned him down for loan he didn't give up instead he hustled and built his dream on his own. Todd Graves story is amazing along with his dog who the business is named after! 

I'm hoping that they will bring this urber rad fast food joint to sunny California soon, otherwise this will be on my list of must have again before we go shopping!!!
Decent place for chicken strips. Fast, friendly service.
The closest I'll get to Chick-Fil-A in these parts.  Decent food.  The highlight is their amazing sauce.  I don't know what's in it, but I will eat it on EVERYTHING - chicken, toast, fries.  Oh man oh man.  Parking kind of sucks since it's in a busy area and I have no experience with the drive-thru.

Sweet tea is overly sweet... I usually mix half sweet tea, half regular tea + a packet or two of Splenda.  Meh.

Service can be slow but at least the food is fresh.  Every now and again their chicken just tastes slightly off - I can't pinpoint why, perhaps different quality batches that come in - but the fries and toast are consistently good.

This location is kind of close to where I live, but not close enough to make it convenient.  Also, the boo isn't too fond of it so I don't really go here that often.  If I am ABSOLUTELY craving southern-type chicken and have some extra cash, I may venture this way.  That's a big "may."  Honestly, I'd probably just go to any fast food place that was closer and end up spending less in time / gas / food.
Chicken is good, fries were better. Would have liked to have some ranch but they only allow you their own sauce. Bread was not seasoned, was bland.
The sweet tea and lemonade here is amazing. Don't forget to get extra dipping sauce either!
During a recent trip to Vegas, we ate at Bachi Burger, Border Grill, and Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace.  But the meal that we probably enjoyed the most (and was by far the least expensive!) was the quickie breakfast of chicken fingers and crinkle cut fries at 9am at Raising Cane's.  Chicken fingers and fries at 9am in the morning you ask?  HELL YEA!  You know that something was really good when you eat it and 3 hours later while driving down the freeway, you keep on thinking about how good it was!  Why don't we have chicken fingers like these in California?!!
This is a must have every Vegas trip now. Got hooked after the first time I stumbled upon this place. This location does seem to get busier than the Flamingo location since it's in the outlet mall shopping center. Not your typical chicken fingers as they are fresh and not overly battered. Batter often flakes off since it is light and just enough. Fries are thinner crinkle cut and crispy. Service is normally excellent, though did have a bit of a wait when I ordered a jug of sweet tea once, but that was a rare exception. Always friendly employees. And if you like sweet tea, they have one of the best.
Love their food, especially their sauce! Best place ever...we stop by every time we visit Vegas...wish there was one in California
Well, I'll give this place stars for frying-up-to-order chicken fingers, food came out nice and steaming hot and prices were really cheap!  It was the first time in awhile we've paid under $15 for a complete meal for two! Other than that, food was ehh okay for me.

FYI: So you kind of know where I'm coming from...I really don't eat at any fast food places, some as long since 1998. Only reason why we were here was 1. Mr. B. is a fan of this place and  2. Everything in the proximity of the outlets were all fast food and 3. I'm fasting for Lent and it's was no red meat Friday.

I ordered the smallest combo offered which was 3 chicken fingers, fries and Texas Toast and all I could think was it was super starchy! Lucky Mr. B ordered the larger combo that included coleslaw.  Since he doesn't like coleslaw and I hardly eat bread, I made a trade.  His coleslaw for my Texas Toast! I think it was a good trade! The coleslaw was nice and cold and crunchy..the dressing was a bit runny though.   Since I limit my intake of starches, I skipped eating the fries too.  Not a fan of the crinkle cut type anyway.   Chicken was good though. Good sized and pretty meaty and the batter was perfect golden brown and didn't fall apart when you took a bite. 

This place was pretty small  but easily accommodated everyone even though it was pretty busy. Set up: order and pick up your food when it's ready kind of deal. The employees here though brought out the food to the tables when they had time to.  Also one assigned to bus tables so the place was pretty clean. This place is one of the better alternatives for fast food and I would eat here again if I had to.
I am just happy I didn't get food poisoning this time!!!
this is going to be a super short review...because it is what it is a fast food restaurant that sells chicken fingers. 

The things that popped out to me was one the sauce made everything dope...the freshness of the fried chicken fingers , and the toast. We don't have this in California so i wanted to jump at the chance to try it. 

It was good i have to admit..this is a spot if you're in a rush to get the funk out of dodge or  need a filler for one of your meals in the day or something to fill up your tummy from a night of galavanting in a city full of alcohol. 

I'm a little disappointed that we don't have this in cali...but Bombskis nonetheless

thanks Nicole and Jay for the heads up on it.
You can't go to any UNLV sporting event without hearing about Raising Cane's so I finally decided to try it one day.

The first time I had it, simply amazing.  Now that I've begun to eat a little healthier I find that i feel really full right after and than lose energy a few hours later.

I enjoy getting the sandwiches and the Cane's sauce is very unique and gives the chicken just a tiny kick.  For whatever odd reason I also think the ice cubes here are cool, well they aren't cubes but almost perfect circles or hail stones for your soft drink.

Raising Cane's gives you a reason to root for the Rebel's as you get a free "Runnin Rebel" combo if they win (so expect a lot of canes in the winter, not so many during fall football ;) )
A reasonable restaurant with kind Waitresses. Thank You, Samantha!
We just had lunch here and the chicken fingers and fries were fresh and delicious. The friendliness of the staff is worth the 5 star rating alone, and even the customers in line to order were friendly and helpful.  The restaurant was spotless inside and out, as a matter of fact, a young man cleaning the windows gave us directions to nearby coffee shops. We were impressed by the food, cleanliness but most of all by the staff, these young workers really set this place apart from other fast food chains and we will be sure to stop in on our next trip to Vegas.
I'm not really a big fan of Raising Cane's, but my friend wanted to meet here for lunch earlier this week so I thought it'd be nice to try something different in the area. 

We arrived during the peak lunch hours and the place was packed. Despite the long line, the cashiers got the line moving quite quickly and were busy bussing tables to get them cleared for new customers. I was really impressed by the good customer service and teamwork I witnessed at this location. 

We got our meals quickly and happily ate our chicken fingers while we chatted. I'm still not a huge fan of the food, but I do like the sauce and Texas toast they serve with it. 

The manager even came by while we ate to check on us and make sure everything was ok.
Meh.
We were starving in Vegas and nobody wanted to go to a buffet...bastards.
So we drove down the boulevard and stopped at the mall lot to see what we could find. 
I was like, "that place looks busy, we should go."
Anyway, we went in and it was bustling. Not gonna lie, there was a ton of ghetto going on from a whole lot of directions.
But what can I say, I'm kinda hood too and maybe felt at home.
The register dude was nice. 
Ok...so it must be amazing cuz hood people know what's up with chicken right?
Well, not so much...honestly, it mostly tasted like floured chicken which I know that's what it is....but maybe add some flavor?
The fries were those crinkled fries that tasted like the ones we'd get in elementary school, not bueno.
The cane sauce, which they're stingy about, also not very good either.
Las Vegas...do you have a Popeye's????
Can't ever go wrong. 

Fast chicken fingers!

Food is always excellent. Always a handful of staff making the somewhat seeming long lines, shorter. Though most are adolescent and teens, looks like they train very well. 

I'd frequent if there were more locations :)

Check out their catering menu too for those events you may throw at home. 

a bajillion + for SWEET TEA!
We visited raising canes based on all the great reviews on yelp and we were not disappointed. We found a new favorite place to eat in Vegas!  chicken fingers are awesome! staff is friendly ...cant go wrong with this location!
I don't get it.  these fingers have zero taste.  I do like the fries and texas toast.  one star for each.
This place is so good. Too bad there isn't one in California. And the guy who I believe is the manager is great and welcoming!!
Found this place going from the strip to the mts.  Great chicken place. Chicken was fresh and crispy.  Everything tasted good and seamed reasonably priced.
sauces are great friendly staff good food!!!!!!!
Love this place...
I'm from California i come here every time, whenever I go to vegas. 

Their chicken strips are delicious, it is soft and tender. Also, their toast are really good with their special sauce. Love this place!
Best chicken fingers in town.  This place is just spectacular, but don't tell your doctor you went there.  :)
I stumbled upon this place while outlet shopping....LOVED this place.  

This place was busy but not crowded. Staff was friendly and treated you like a member of their crew - very refreshing and welcoming.  Chicken fingers, fries and Texas toast are excellent....and the secret sauce was out of this world.  Sweet tea definitely hit the spot  - especially on a hot Las Vegas afternoon.  Before leaving, I ordered a gallon of sweet tea (knowing I could not have anything like this in California.)
This place is bomb. Their sweet tea is like crack - delicious!

Please come to California!
This is a tradition go to spot for me and my friends everytime we go to vegas, for fast food this place REAL good! 

I always get the 3 piece chicken combo, it comes with 3 pieces of chicke (hence the name) french fries, and garlic bread....First things first....the chicken: best thing about the chicken is that the batter they use doesnt taste fattening, its a thin light batter with just the right amount of crunch too it. Next is the garlic bread: The garlic bread is a must get! Its got a nice fluff to it alongside a nice crisp on the outside.

One of the most important things to get is the dipping sauce! Its hard to explain what it tastes like but im gonna say its like a lightly peppered bbq mayo sauce with a hint of smokiness too it...its a must get when coming here. Id recommend getting extra if you wanna dip your fries, garlic bread, and chicken in it...which is what I do.
Raising Cain is the "In-N-Out" of chicken fingers.  On many a trip to the outlet mall of Vegas, my wife and I always noticed a huge line up of cars at this place called Raising Cain.  So, this trip we decided we needed a carb fix and checked out the reviews on Yelp...and decided that this was the place we needed to finally visit.  Well the trip was worth it!  There are basically 4 selections to choose from and they range from a plate with 3 chicken fingers to 6...or a sandwich.  Fries and a drink included for a very reasonable price.  The chicken fingers are like nothing we have tried before...lightly breaded, deep fried, tasty and not greasy at all.  In fact after ordering "The Box" (4 chicken fingers, coleslaw, fries and a drink)...I really only needed one napkin.  My wife thought the chicken fingers were great but commented that the crinkle cut fries were more like the frozen fries you buy in a bag at the grocery store.  I have to agree...they were nothing special.  The much raved about dipping sauce was also very good.  A slight zing and mild black pepper taste added to the wonderful flavor of the chicken fingers.  The coleslaw was also tasty.  The restaurant was clean with ample seating...and the staff very friendly.  When we finally headed out the door a friendly staffer said to us, "Bye and have a great day".  How often does that happen these days.  The chicken fingers I rate a 5...but the fries lower my overall rating down to a 4.  Great place to go when you need a quick carb fix!  We will be back!
Love this place!!! They open at 9am. This is great for my husband and I since we work the Graveyard shift and want "lunch" food and not "breakfast" food :)
Love the sayings such as the sauce is kickin etc..
We always get the Caniac which includes 6-7 chicken strips, texas toast, fries, coleslaw and two dipping sauces.
One of our cats Pumpkin wont leave us alone until we give him a nibble of the chicken!
We will always return
Two words = crack sauce!

I love Raising Cane's and I don't even like Chicken tenders! Ha! Unless of course it's from Raising Cane's! Chicken is so fresh and you can totally taste it!

1 star = for all the cool combos, 3 finger, the box, and even one with 6 fingers. Can't go wrong with these options w/ different hunger dependencies.

2 stars = crack sauce. I don't know what's in it, but it's bomb! Not too tangy!

3 stars = Texas toast! What? Seriously so good. It doesn't even have to be super toasted, it's good warm and soft! Yum!

4 stars = Crinkle Fries. Shoots! All my fries are crispy. I can't be more happier than that! Love them!

5 stars = The story behind this place. Check it out:
http://www.raisingcanes.com/our-story

Hands down, a Las Vegas staple for fast, fresh, and great tasting food!
went here on a sunday afternoon and it was crackin! 

I personally like KFC better for my friend chicken fix, but this place was decent. It's basically a fast food joint with the standard chicken fixins. cole slaw, fries, fried chicken, chicken burgers, chicken fingers, etc. 

BUT! they have this sauce that looks like thousand island mixed with something spicy. this sauce also may have crack in it because it's so damn good. the sauce makes their dishes awesome!
5.0 STARS

Location Overview:
Although this is the "closest" location (still pretty far) for any Henderson Residence, it is well worth the drive. The location is in a good area. This Raising Canes is next to an outlet mall and other food places. The location is good. No bad area other than the highway which is about half a mile away. A little congested with traffic but decent movement.

Customer Service:
I have gone to this specific location numerous times and I have always had great customer service. The employees show nothing but courtesy welcomes and a good experience. 

Food Quality/Quantity:
The quality of this food has been more than perfect every time. I have never had any disappointing feelings towards the food quality at this location. Everything comes out hot and ready to eat. The quantity is more than enough. I have seen a 3 piece combo meal fill up a grown man and he is plenty full. 

Side Notes: It does take a little bit of extra time for the food to come out. This location is almost always busy with customers.
I came here for the first time last weekend while I stayed at my friend's house nearby.  It is a good "fast food" type spot.

Yay:
-Sweet tea: theirs is one of the best I've ever had! I like that they sell it by the jug.
-Chicken Fingers: moist, crispy, and juicy.  Nothing like a chicken nugget where it's a bunch of mushed up chicken parts.  You can tell it's real chicken. It wasn't oily either which is a huge plus. The combos come with coleslaw, fries, and texas toast. Yum!

Other:
-Fries: I love fries but I felt like theirs needs some kind of seasoning.
-Cane's sauce: I don't know what it is... I don't know if I like it or not but I think the chicken would have been good with ranch or gravy instead.
What can I say?  
Its Cane's!

Love it.  Standard, and similar to the other locations. 
Delicious.  Friendly staff.  

Winner. :D
I have a child so I've tasted a lot of chicken fingers all over the place.  I must say these are the best I've ever had anywhere! You can taste the freshness! I love the crinkle cut fries but the styrofoam to go container they put them in tends to make all the food soggy by the time I get home. LOVE the texas toast!! Yummy, love this place! I count myself lucky if there's only 4 or 5 people in the drive through!
I like this place. A little pricey. But it is way better than the other typical fried chicken places. The chicken looked like chicken and tasted like it too. Closes commercial chicken you will get if you dont want to make it yourself.
Love this place! Try not to go here too often but I can't resist. Especially after shopping at Belz for awhile.

It gets pretty busy at this location around 12 and on so get here early or possibly be prepared to wait around for a table. What can I say about Raising Canes but the fact that they have really great tasting chicken fingers. If there were a chick fil A nearby it could be a tough decision. 

The dining area is decent sized and they have movie posters, rebel memoribilia, etc as decor. Customer service was very friendly and at times they have promotions with UNLV sports.
Good quality fast food!
Amazing food. Nice employees. Even when its busy which is pretty much always you still get your food pretty fast.
The sauce is the boss and the chicken is ALWAYS kickin. Canes is such a great spot. First had it in their home state on Louisiana and was so excited to find that there are locations in Vegas. The service is always great. The sweet tea is a must. And theres nothing wrong with goin a little overboard and gettin a caniac! One recommendation, if your not high on coleslaw, with the box combo, you can change out the coleslaw for another Canes sauce.
Tailgate platter when feeding kids and their friends. Always consistent anf better than feeding them nuggets.
AWWWW YEHHHHHH IF YOU LOVE SOME CHICKEN FINGERS THEN THIS BE THE PLACE RIGHT HEREEEEEE.

The place size is average, but you don't really have to worry about finding a seat. A table usually opens up every few minutes. Just order at the counter and wait till they call you up!

To be honest the chicken fingers and fries aren't spectacular nothing really taste worthy. But their texas toast is what makes up for it. When that warm crunchy bread hits your lips and you take a bite out of it, you'll just know...that this is not game. I don't know how to describe the flavor but it's just so damn good! I also love love love getting their iced tea! It's always on point and if you have a sweet tooth this is the perfect drink to go with your hot meal ^^.

Pro tip! You can substitute any of the items in your order for another item! I usually exchange the coleslaw for another toast :)

If I could change anything about this place it'd be the prices for their cane sauce. They  charge so much for such a small sauce -__-
Their chicken is to die for; delicious and moist. So yummy.  I'm not a fan of the toast like everyone else but its ok. Try combining the hot sauce in the canes sauce. Soooo good. :)
Great chicken fingers! Sauce is delish and lemonade is the best.
I love Vegas, I find such great food and Raising Cane's is the newest of my finds. Had to go to Target and found this chicken finger gem. If you are a chicken finger person, you will be hard pressed to find better for a fast food joint!
Ahhh...Raising canes - the Chick-fil-a of Las Vegas. I do miss thy scrumptious chicken fingers!  Esp now that I see in my email that I am entitled to a free box combo with the purchase of another one..shniff.  Too bad I cant be back there til June. sigh
Good food and good service. I gave Cane's 4 stars only because they do not offer sauce other than their own sauce. I like my chicken with bbq. Food was tasty especially like their texas toast. 
 Have been to this location at different times of the day and although usually busy you can get in and out quick.
 The folks working the drive through are good for a laugh with their greeting. The meals come with fries and slaw, not being a slaw guy I double up on the fries or toast depending on my mood. Would recommend this place to my friends any time.
I love this location. Been to the Raising Canes in St Louis and I love that no matter which location you go to the quality of the food remains the same, great!
I love this place! Believe it or not, Raising Cane's is #1 on my list of what to do when I go to Vegas (twice/yr). Isn't that hysterical? I love their food, from the chicken to the bread and dipping sauce. OH, and their sweet tea! Thank you RC, for your recipes, wonderful workers and amazing food! 

I'll be back next time . . . . (I should probably open one in So. Cal!)
This is a simple chicken strip place, and they have a great recipe along with Texas toast, fries, and sweet tea.  I admit that I have a soft place in my heart for fried chicken, and the reason why I like this place is that they have one main entree and they've got it right.

The place gets a good crowd going constantly; every table was full at 3 pm, which I consider the non-peak hour.  The restaurant is pretty clean, too.

Oh yeah, I like to mix the Louisiana hot sauce (ask for it, it's behind the counter) with the dipping sauce to give it a little zip.
I love this place my girlfriend took me here one day for the first time and ive been hooked ever since this is my go to place. The sauce is really good as well as the chicken tenders they were fresh and had a really good taste to it and omg the fries were soo good that I was eating my girlfriends extra fries if you havent tried raising canes yet I recommend you give it a try you will be hooked as I was when I was first introduced to it and the customer service is excellent to can't stress that enough.
Today was my first time at a Cane's. I have been having a craving for fried chicken. I read some reviews on Yelp and decided to give this place a try.
I was not disappointed. I got the box? Chicken strips, coleslaw, Texas toast and crinkle fries.
The chicken was moist and tasty, the coleslaw was perfect, the toast was great and the fries were hot and fresh. The sauce was also very good, I dipped my fries in it, and wiped up the toast in the last of the container.
I will definitely be back!
Service was also very good, went through the drive thru.
I had a good experience at raising canes.  The chicken fingers were delicious and the sweet tea was spot on!  The place very clean for a fast food restaurant and the service was good.  I recommend giving it a try!
First timer at the place. Quick service, friendly staff, and clean place.  Simple menu and reasonable prices for a fast food place.  Food came out quick.  Chicken fingers were awesome.  Lightly seasoned breading. Fries were okay, somewhat dry and cold  but not greasy.  Texas toast was great. Sweetened tea was refreshing. Not a huge place and there was plenty of parking.  Located south of the strip on Las Vegas Blvd.
I love the simplified menu.  You know your going to get great chicken every time.  The only draw back is that the restaurant is super noisy and super busy any time of day.  The drive thru is typically very long but they do a great job of getting the line moving fast.  I like how they have people walk through and pick up your tray after your done, it shows they care about the tidiness of the restaurant.
The service was excellent. Food was hot. It was just your average chicken restaurant.
Chicken strips!

Heard a lot of people rave about this place, so I had to give it a try when I came to Vegas, and it was pretty good. This location was pretty busy since it was near the outlets so it was a struggle to try to find parking, but finally got in, the service was pretty fast. The menu had some pretty good combo deals I went with chicken strips, fries, and toast deal and it was pretty good. The chicken strip was flavorful, the fries weren't too salty, the bread was my favorite part of the meal, yummy! Also the canes sauce really is crack, make sure to put it on everything, yum!

Overall, for a fast food joint, this place isn't too shabby; for a quick tasty bite in Vegas, id be back here for some chicken strips and toast :) 

Happy eats, loves! ^_^
Love this place! The chicken is always fresh, restaurant always clean and it's the closest one to the strip! And that sauce...
Some of the best chicken finger around!
Chicken strips southern style.   Love the chicken, the sweet tea and the sides.    Price is right at ~$7 for the combo.     Ask for packets of hot sauce.   As far as the chicken goes, it's better than KFC (better quality chicken)... different than Chick-A-Fil (less spices).      I think it's worth a visit if you're in the mood for fast food.   Nothing you should go out of your way.
Found this place on yelp when I hit "breakfast". Well it is a chicken fingers joint and they open at 9am so I guess it's considered breakfast.  But thank you Yelp for this as I have been to vegas numerous times, but never knew about this place. Who doesn't love chicken fingers, but many places will sell the already made and processed ones, but this place is legit.  The fries are great, coleslaw is delicious,  and the chicken fingers just melt in your mouth.  Try it for lunch or as a snack....I got the "the box". They also have their own sauce and its a combination of thousand island and something delicious.
First off, I love the ambiance. I love that they incorporated a lot of southern interior design from their walls to their floors. 

If you are new, I suggest you get "The Box Combo." It includes all their goodies: 4 Chicken Fingers, a side of fries, coleslaw, their infamous Cane's sauce (which I think tastes like Thousand Islands with some seasoning), Texas Toast, and a drink of your choice. 
Also, if you've got a big appetite, I suggest you get "The Caniac Combo." It is exactly what it sounds: 6 Chicken Fingers, extra fries, coleslaw, 2 Cane's sauce, Texas Toast, and a large drink! They also have a kid's meal. 


Service are super friendly. Love this place!
Great fast food with an awesome staff. Super busy but the cleanest dining room I have ever seen with crowds like that.
Raising Cane's lived up to the hype: it's good fast food, served in a casual atmosphere. It's much better than the rest of the chain restaurants in the area. I love the Box Combo: four chicken fingers, a pile of crinkle-cut fries, coleslaw, Texas toast, and a drink. The famous Cane's dipping sauce is addictive and is a perfect accompaniment to the chicken fingers. Although I didn't care for the coleslaw, the fries and Texas toast were just fine. 

The restaurant is clean and the servers are friendly. I'd recommend coming here with the family after a trip to the nearby outlets or you can go through the drive-thru on your way out of Sin City.
Can't get chicken strips anywhere else. Fast fresh and fantastic.
love me some caines!!!!
I love this location the most!!! Every time I go to the drive-thru, the guy workers always flirt with me. Lol. Like I don't even do anything or say anything and they're already hitting on me :)

This one day, I drove into the "pay-window" at the drive thru, the guy reviewed my order to me and mentioned the price that I owe. I gave my card to pay and when he gave it back, he asked if he could ride in my Benz & asked if I had a boyfriend. Hahaha. I laughed! Then he was talking talk-story with me for a bit while I waited for the car before me to drive away. He was like, "So how's your day going...Miss Beautiful?" Then more talk-story again. The car before me was pulling off, so he ended our conversation by saying, "well if you want, you can hit me up next time, okay?" And winked at me. LOL!!!

This location NEVER ever messes up my order, which is a big BONUS! They also never take long for me to wait. I think the most I waited was 4 minutes, which is nothing, because that's super quick! I always get my food really fast! Plus, the food is always fresh!!!! Like it's still hot and just cooked, which I love!!!!
Bye bye KFC, hello to Cane's!  This place is in a different league - chicken fingers are crisp and delicious, not slimey. And fairly priced at $5.99 combo. I'll be back again
I give this place a 4 1/2. 
The chicken here is SO so so good. Honestly...if you don't like it I think you're completely insane. Some of the best chicken I've had in my life. And that sauce. Omg their sauce is delicious. I always need more than one because I can't stop eating it. The bread is super delicious too. 
It's also a great price. Absolutely love this place. 
The only thing that confuses me is that I have heard so many good things about the tea. I think the tea is so nasty. Everyone seems to like it. Not sure why it taste so bad to me.
MUST EAT, whenever I am in Vegas. 

I crave this stuff and it never disappoints.

YOU HAVE TO dip your bread in their sauce!!
BEST CHICKEN FINGERS IN VEGAS! I went here for lunch with my old friends and they make the best secret cane sauce. I got the Caniac it comes with a bunch of Chicken fingers fries and even toast! but the best thing you should get at canes is their SWEET TEA! if you want a quick chicken fix! please head to canes! price is great and the atmosphere is clean and friendly
Raising Cane's is the best thing ever and I love coming to this place. The food is by far amazing and I love how they are very fast and efficient with your order and service. I hear they are opening up one on St Rose Pkwy right by my house and I am super excited for that to happen. They have the best chicken tenders, in my opinion, and they have the best sauce as well. That Cane's sauce is to die for and I love using it with your chicken, Texas toast, and fries. You can't even beat their prices at all. They give you about four chicken tenders, fries, Texas toast and a drink for about $7. That is a pretty amazing deal to me!
A must have if you're in Vegas! As a Californian I'm not sure why we don't have this deliciousness! Only sides are fries slaw(I subbed this out for extra toast) and Texas
Toast but really that's all you need.
i usually write long reviews but all i need to say is once i found this place while living in texas. i went from weighing 220 lbs to 300 lbs. let that sink in on how great this place is!
01 Jun 2014, 12:00p

Was looking for something quick to eat, but didn't want to go to any of the fast food chains we have here in LA.  I decided to check out Raising Cane's since it got good Yelp reviews.  Not having paid much attention, I realized after I entered that it's a chicken strips place.  Not really knowing what was best, I decided to order their most popular meal:

The Box Combo

I wasn't quite sure what Cane's Sauce was so I was game and decided to try it.  Had to get Sweet Tea with my combo and a little taste of the South that I like to indulge in when I can.

My order was to go and I dove right in after returning to my hotel.  The chicken strips were a little different than what I would expect from a fast food place, even a diner-like restaurant such as Denny's.  I could immediately tell these were white-meat pieces of chicken.  The batter wasn't anything special, but I appreciate the fact that they don't use formed chicken.

The fries were crinkle-cut which is also different from any other fast food place I've tried.  The Texas toast was probably the best part of the combo.  It was very soft inside and just slightly toasted enough to create a "skin".  The cole slaw was pretty good, too.  Needless to say, I pretty much devoured the entire meal as I was fairly hungry.  The sweet tea was just sweet enough, but not overly so.

I would make a trip back to try some of the other combos, but as with most other fast food, I would probably choose a healthier place like Subway first.  The staff was incredibly friendly, though!
Simply satisfying.  Delicious chicken strips and sides - FAST service and everyone friendly as can be.  The only slight is the high carb menu - Texas Toast and Fries?  More slaw then. Otherwise,Highly Recommended.
A Box with extra sauce, cuz it's the Boss. With a sweet tea. YUM. 100% fat kid approved.
Thank you fellow Yelpers, you guys were right about this place!
I used my Yelp app to locate chicken fingers. Brought me on over to Raising Cane's! 
I now understand why everyone talks about having to make a stop here. Amazing and crispy chicken fingers. 
Prices are amazing and the dipping sauce is delish! 

Do yourself a favor and order more than 3 pieces. You are going to go back and order more so just order 8 and you should be alright! :)
I love this place. Sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea 
sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea 
sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea!!!!
I know this is a fast food restaurant.... but I LOVE Cane's! Great food! 

Although I never finish it all, I always order The Box, so that I can have a taste of all the good food- it comes with chicken fingers, yummy dipping sauce, fries, toast, coleslaw, and drink! I appreciate the fresh brewed iced tea!
Excellent chicken strips, great sauce...very reasonable
I can only give this place 3 stars; I don't know if it's the night manager or the lack of attention on the night shift crew.  My daughter & her bf went to this place & this is the SECOND time this place has screwed up our order....this is not rocket science yet they can not seem to get it right.

If you ask for unsweetened it's like they don't care, they just give you what they want in the drive thru.  I really don't understand how you can screw up unless you just don't care enough about your job and the customers you are serving.

I don't like giving bad reviews but this is twice now.  Last time it was the number of pieces were shorted, tonight the drink order was wrong.  Is this what things are coming to, you have to double check the drive thru window.  You only handle one ticket at as time going out the window it really should not be that hard to pay attention to detail.

Next time I guess the stars will drop to 2, then this place will be off my recommendation list not because of the food but because of incompetent leadership and workers...
Man, this place was the bomb. Can you say Mango Habanero!, These are one of the hottest ones but damn are they delicious. Me and my brothers went there. We ordered 4 different kinds (they have 14 flavors). We got Caribbean Jerk, Hot, Asian Zing, and Mango Habanero. We all loved the Asian Zing also. The Caribbean Jerk were ok, kinda had a after taste. The Hot were also ok, nothing special but still delicious. Please if you like to drink up and watch sports this is the place. A bunch of big screens all over the walls. Oh yeah they also serve ribs, hamburgers, sandwiches, breast bites, etc. Just go and let me know. Peace
Great family and adult bar.The environment is overall very friendly open and smoke free. Any and every kind of sports event will be on one of  their 8 billion TVS. Crowd is diverse, from guys night out to family lunches and dinners. On Friday and Saturday nights, after 10, a younger crowd (under 30) frequents the bar, but nothing too crazy. Beer is decently priced, especially the tall boys, and the food is a little high, but very tasty! I have never had a bad time there.
Do you love sports and trivia?  Do you have a burning love for wings?

I have just the place for you...

Buffalo Wild Wings.  And that's just what they have - wild wings.

My favorite day here is Thursday.  Thursday = 50 cent boneless wing day.  I love boneless wings.  They are tasty and not as messy as traditional wings.  The ones here are great because they are nice and crispy (see FRIED) on the outside and hot and juicy (see MEATY) on the inside.  A perfect combo to match with one of their many sauces.  They even have a page in their menu with the sauce listings and descriptions.  They also list them in a heat-o-meter style so you know just what to order to suit your spicy taste.  You + a buddy + $15 +Thursday at BWW = 4 flavors, 24+wings, celery, ranch, bleu cheese, and enough wet naps to clean up even the messiest wingstravaganza.

If you are more of a traditional style wing fan, hit up 40 cent wing Tuesdays and chow down on all of the wings you want.  They also have a karaoke night and other gimmicky feature nights, but the wings are where it's at.  They have a lot of beers to choose from, but the selection is a little lacking for a gal who likes an amber ale.  Most people would (and should) be satisfied with the selection - especially for a chain establishment.

As for the sports, it's a good place to watch.  They have several (6 maybe?) gigantic projection screens so no matter where you sit you can see your game - as long as it's something reasonably popular.  Don't be tryin' to see your exhibition game when some national contest is being decided.  They also have about 30 other TVs showing other sports and the trivia game being played.  The place is family friendly, but I find that this is the type of place where parents just let their kids run amok (see ARCADE GAMES).  Leave 'em at home please - for me?
My biggest issue with this place is the location.  I don't live out there... but a couple of friends do... so...

$.40 WINGS ON TUESDAYS!!!!!!!

The place is huge.  They have huge TVs.... I can see where it would be a log of fun if there was a good game and a bunch of friends.  There is plenty of beer, and CHEAP WINGS.   So, after work, I wandered (more like drove for ages even though i work on the west side) over for CHEAP WINGS.... Life is good with a table, a beer, and CHEAP WINGS.  Did I mention the CHEAP WINGS?
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!! I just moved out to East Mesa and will miss it. The wings and service are great. Back when I lived in Cleveland we called it BW3'S BABY!!!
You have to understand, I have this love/hate relationship with my stomach. I have a masochistic addiction to terrible, terrible food. And BWWs is the culinary dominatrix of my dreams.

Buffalo Wild Wings will punish you. The queso dip will dominate your GI tract. The hot sauces will humiliate your palate. The potato wedges will whip your insides to a frenzy (ok, that one was a stretch - you try keeping an S&M food analogy going more than three lines).

Oh BWWs, I kneel in supplication. Your hot wings deliver, your popcorn shrimp are awful/wonderful, and I dream about your queso dip when I'm away. I even love your pathetic attempt at nachos. Oh I know the pain will come, but I'll take it. You're cheap and dirty, just how I like it.
The service is great. Unless you come on a game night. Or your friend asks the waitress for her phone number.

The food is fab. And by "food" I mean wings. Nothing else counts. That's why I can't really dock them for having shrunken, misshapen potato wedges, watery coleslaw, bare bones ribs or tasteless nacho chips. It's a wing joint. It would be like docking points from a pizza joint for having a dried up hamburger. Check the sign, buddy. If it says "Buffalo Wild Wings", then chances are that's the only safe food to eat.

The atmosphere is dull and lifeless. Unless there's a game going on. And then there's too much atmosphere. If you're lucky the screams and cheers of the other diners will drown out the fact that your food is like a half an hour late and your sprite needs a refill.

The price is appalling. Unless it's a Wing Tuesday or Boneless Thursday. In which case it's only semi-appalling, if you have no bones with paying extra for a cup of ranch or bleu cheese. Look, not to be a pain in the ass, but you have vats of them in the back. Maybe if you had a little man sitting there in the back heaving and hoeing to pump that artery-clogging goodness in its tiny plastic cups, then I wouldn't mind so much. But I shouldn't have to pay an extra 50 cents because you can't afford to offer 40 cent wings or 50 cent legs three times a week. Take a fucking economics class, you bum.
I have been here about 4 times , usually when I have a coupon. We have been with the kids (both teens) and we have never had a bad experience. They can be a little stingy with the sauces...like we all asked for ranch and was brought one little container...oh well.

Their wings are tasty and they have a good variety. I had a great time playing the trivia and totally kicked ass !!! I won a round and decided to stop while I was on top. 

Everyone here has always been friendly and will definitely return .
After reading the other reviews, here are some things you need to know.

- There are many different sauces for the wings. If something is too hot: get a different sauce the next time.
- This is a sports bar. It's built around sports, wings, and alcohol. It is NOT a romantic spot, a high class restaurant, or a place to have deep conversation. On the other hand, if you want to watch a game, play trivia, and hang out in a loud bar, you've found home.
- The staff at this location are friendly and professional, and work their butts off. Any bar that doesn't let me go thirsty has earned my business.
We've given this BWW franchise several tries and each time they've bombed. Very disappointing considering the other Buffalo Wild Wings in the valley are good. Mismanagement plays a huge part - the staff seems unhappy, management is defensive and rude. The atmosphere at this location is lousy. The wings are tiny sample sizes compared to other BWW locations (and overcooked every time), salads are smaller too. Five out of five times they've messed up our orders - both dine-in and takeout. We won't be back. Worst review I've ever given and unfortunately well deserved! :(
I've been to a few Buffalo Wild Wings before but I don't remember the food being this good! We started out with nachos with chicken for an appetizer was super yummy! The cheese and chicken was fresh. The tortilla chips fresh and thin! I had the buffalo child ranch wrap! It was great and super fresh as well! The waiter was prompt and overall a good experience!
I took my wife and the girls last night to happy hour at Buffalo Wild Wings. The place was very crowded and loud.  The waitress was not that friendly and started by asking for my i.d. along with my wife's.  I find this somewhat irritating since I am in my mid forties and it is obvious that I am not under age.  We service was good but not exceptional and it matched the food.  Nothing special!  I think if you look around you can find a better deal with better quality food.
As a follow-up to my previous review, there's one other helpful hint.

We used to go to BWW for the UFC events. However, UFC100 was the last one we'll see. We arrived 2 hours in advance to find people saving seats in the bar, and unable to get a seat in the dining room. In the end, we were seated with a bunch of teenagers in a large booth.

If I arrive two hours early AND pay a cover, I kinda expect semi-comfortable seating. We won't be back.
Love this place! Good food friendly staff and love all the tv's, the atmosphere is great!
We LOVE BWW!! My husband is from Canada and before he moved here, he always talked about how much he missed going to BWW. The wing sauce choices are great because there is such a variety, everyone will find something they love. My personal faves are Parmesan Garlic and Asian Zing. 60 cent boneless wings on Thursdays is a great deal. For those of you "offended" by being carded, don't show up. They card everyone. Get over it. Only downfall: Happy hour beer prices are only for draft beer. Draft beer makes me sick so that's a bummer. They do have $4.00 margaritas though, so that makes up for it. Also, on Thursdays they charge for ranch or bleu cheese to go w/ the wings. Whatever. They're still the best!!
I admit that I only usually come here on Tuesdays cuz that's when they have their special on wings. I LOVE eating wings and I totally fell in LOVE with the SALT & VINEGAR flavor...oh man! That is what I'm talking about!!!

This place can get crowded and service is not as great due to crowds, but it's alright.
Went to BWW for the last UFC fight. There were five of us in our party and we chose to sit out on the patio. The service was incredible and when the sun went down and it got a bit chilly, the staff brought out gas heaters which made a huge difference! The food was wonderful as always and we had plenty left over. Also, to the reviewer who suggested people leave their kids home: Might I suggest you choose a location where children aren't allowed such as the bar area in Native New Yorker. Wild Wings is a FAMILY restaurant. That doesn't mean I condone allowing children to "run amok," however, unless you are in an environment that is specifically for those "over 21," children will probably be there.
I have been this Buffalo just a few times. However, I always enjoy my time here. The fact that they stay open late is a definite plus. Recently I made a trip here for my sister's 20th birthday celebration. Her friends, being the sneaky snakes that they are, got the waiters to bring her a peice of cake and sing to her (which is something they don't normally do). She loved it. The entire experience was great. The waiters are friendly and the food was really good. Usually I order the medium boneless wings and the southwestern dippers to start off with. I can't say much for their alcoholic beverages, despite the fact that I am now 21, I've never gotten a drink there. The happy hour menu, is pretty legit.
The food is good....selection is ok.  The service is good. It is WAY loud ALL of the time.  I understand that it is more of a sprots bar kinda feel but not being able to hear the waitress was a little frustrating/
We will go back I am sure of it.
Great staff.  Fast service.  Able to handle a crowd.  Largest B-Dubs I've seen.  I Like It.
We have eaten at Many BWW's for years and this location about 5 times in last 10 months...

Two complaints:  Noisy (we go for wings, not sports bar atmosphere...so try to hit off times)  and COST...wings are getting outrageous...we spend $30-40 for dinner for two without alcohol.

Service is great.  Curry wings are to die for.  tons of flavors.  Manager took awesome care of us when half our wings came out cold on one of our many trips..

even in the busy times, we have never had a bad or inattentive waitress.
We'll continue to go as often as our budget and waistlines can afford tit:)

.
Typical sports bar with a clean and open atmosphere.  Found a great seat quickly off to the side of the busy bar where I could people watch.  My server, Ennio was johnny-on-the-spot with a menu and drink suggestions. He even suggested waiting a few more minutes for the 10pm happy hour!  I gratefully accepted and respect him for informing me!  He came back promptly at 10pm for my order.  I decided to trythe the Parmesan garlic chicken wings, a shot of Di Saronno liqueur and a tall Blue Moon with an orange slice to wash it all down!  

What can I say! Everything was superb! The Parmesan garlic wings where cooked to perfection, the garlic parm sauce was OMG delicious! Not to garlicky with plenty of the wholesome Parmesan cheese flavor!  Celery sticks arrived but sadly, accompanied by a teeny weeny ranch sauce which was much to scrawny with only a half shot or so of ranch dressing for dipping. I definitely expected more dippy sauce for a half dozen wings and a load of celery sticks.  A place like this should know better than to go skimpy on sauce! Shaaaaame!  Hahaha!  Over all, I thoroughly enjoyed the food, drinks and atmosphere. The staff was fully attentive and happy to serve.  I'll be back with friends for sure.
It's closed! They didn't pay their rent"
They are closed now. They forgot to tell their employees that they were closing so when people showed up for their shifts the following day, they showed up to a locked door. Now thats Classy
Way to go not letting employees know...that's awesome!
Not impressed with the food at all, chicken was dry. Was offered outdoor seating with misters but they forgot to mention being surrounded by smokers and the misters weren't working. Manager did his best along with our second waitress, but I won't be returning.
My 5 stars is for the fact that I passed by the location last night and THEY ARE RE-OPENING!!!  No word on when...but there is evidence outside that they are already working on it and the sign just says "OPENING SOON!"  Thank goodness!!!!  The food may not be the greatest, but this place became a favorite hangout and "neighborhood watering hole" for friends and I! Not many sports bars like this in the West Valley.  I no longer have to have a moment of silence and "pour one out for the homies" every time I pass by! Now I can smile and start the countdown to OPENING DAY! Hope it's just in time for football season!
They just reopened.  Tons of TV's, lots of waitstaff, nice clean place.  Wings and beer are relatively pricey (best is 60 cent wing Tues with $5 22 oz drafts).  

Native New Yorker actually has better wings but this is a newer restaurant with a lot more HD TV's and room to move around in.
My husband and I have been there twice and each time the kitchen has gotten our order wrong. The first time I figured it was because the restaurant had just opened and the kitchen was new. Now this second time they got our order  (6 Asain Zing 6 BBQ traditional) wrong (they gave me 12 zing) and we got the mis-ordered wings free. Also we got the wings (the BBQ) that came out free because it took a long time. Now to top this experience off when I started eating I found a hair beneath the sauce of my BBQ wings and no it was not mine. The only bright side I can say are the servers are excellent the kitchen it just a sorry excuse. Until I hear the kitchen has gotten their act together I will not be going back.
I love the remodel! Food is great as always, can't wait to come back this Sunday. Staff is friendly and their are a ton of TVs. What more could a man ask for?
Been here a couple of times.  This place is ok.  Service was good.  I had the chili cheese fries.  They were so bad.  I also had a whiskey and coke.  I can't really say much good or much bad about this place.  It was really really cold inside, though.
Was happy to hear BWW re-opened at this location in Glendale.  We met several friends there to watch a football game and enjoy some food.  It was ok.  The service was slow, had to keep asking people for refills, food was average.  

We/ve always like the wings at BWW so those were good, I tried fried pickles for the first time and enjoyed them.  They brought the wrong order for 3 people in our party of 7.  Waitress gave my hubby a beer, he took a sip from it and told her it wasn't Blue Moon (like he ordered).  She said "Oh, it's a Michelob Utra!" They proceeded to ask a couple of other waitresses nearby if they were waiting on an Ultra.  She went to hand the beer to another waitress (to give to another patron).  I practically jumped out of my seat and stopped her...I told her AGAIN, my husband took a sip of it and realized it wasn't Blue Moon...you can't give it to that person!  She gave me a glare and told my husband he shouldn't have sipped from it if he didn't plan on drinking it.    I told her that she brought him the WRONG BEER....I told manager on duty what happened, between the beer, waitress trying to give to another patron after sip was taken, orders messed up with 3 at our table, etc.  We were not happy with this visit AT ALL.
Came for a munchies ...clean, friendly staff.....except the service was slower than slow.  We ordered our drinks and had to ask for them a couple times.  While our waiter was running around trying to get all his tables tended too, one waitress was just standing at a booth chatting away like she had no care in the world.
Absolutely LOVE Buffalo Wild Wings but will never return to this location. Went for dinner on a Sunday n I was pretty patient considering they were slammed cuz football. Waited about 40mins for our food which came out wrong n I had ordered 8 boneless wings n received six. Service was terrible. Manager took 20% off our bill, but was rude n server appeared confused about it. I will drive 30 mins to a different location. Highly disappointed.
I'm glad they reopened.  Good service, good food.

We're not really sports bar people but come here b'c the wings are dee-lish.  There's plenty of tables and booths and TVs though.
I'm a fan of Buffalo Wild Wings; but my last trip left more to be desired.  Most visits have been generally great experiences, unfortunately my non-meateating friend was served a 100% beef patty, not the blackbean burger he ordered.

My Spinach-Artichoke Chicken Flatbread was delicious.  They have delicious options aside from their wings.
We ordered the 24 wings (8 honey bbq, 8 lemon pepper, & 8 hot).  It is nice that they can split up the wings that way and everyone get their own flavors.  I loved my lemon pepper wings.  YUM!  I ordered and shared a flatbread pizza:  Garlic parm chicken.  Right on!!!  

The served was ok.  We had to ask for refills.
Seriously love this place. For the people who complain about any wait on food or a table, you can SEE how many people are sitting in the restaurant. Go to Little Caesars down the street on a Friday night if you want your wings in 2 minutes. 
I'm so happy this location reopened. The TVs are great, you can easily watch like 3 games at a time from the bar tables. 
My husband and I are treated like regulars whenever we walk in. The wings are awesome- order them crispy and wet for the perfect meal.
Food is great but service for food and even drinks takes FOREVER make sure you have No plans the rest if the night when coming here as you will spend most time waiting for service.
I love their tortilla chips & salsa!  Try it next time you're there :)
Watched a colts game here while in town. Place was crowded as hell, but some nice dude let us sit with him. This is the nicest bdubs I've ever been to. Tons of big screens and a cool layout. Food was good but typically overpriced. They (and this goes for the whole chain) need bigger restrooms.
Excellent service....drinks full the whole meal, suggestions for a new sauce when i didn't like the one i ordered, with no hesitation....good food too. Definitely coming back!
Jasmine was our waitress. She is AWESOME! Unfortunately, it's still loud, crowded and overpriced. I give Jasmine 5 stars but the atmosphere dragged it down to two. Also, I had played several songs on the jukebox. During the middle of one of them, it shut off and skipped to my next song....which stopped and went to the next one..I couldn't figure out what was going on until I saw a server with a remote control in front of the TouchTunes machine, skipping through the songs I just played. I went up to her and asked why she was doing that. She told me they were just random songs that plays automatically. I told her that, actually, I had played them. She said that another customer had requested they play something else. Newsflash***It's a machine where you can put money in and choose what you want to hear just like I did!!!!! They couldn't get it to go back and replay the songs she skipped and the manager didn't do a damn thing to correct this. It's certainly not a huge deal, but I thought it was a bit ridiculous that they just randomly decided to do that....
Honestly, this place is just not cutting it, even after their renovations....
I don't care if anyone else gives this less than 5 stars because I freakin' love it!  Their Asian Zing boneless wings are what my Happy Hour dreams are made of.  They have great seasonal beers on tap throughout the year as well.  I'm a huge fan of their buffalo chips as well with chipotle dry seasoning...but ask for them well well well done, or they'll come out super soggy.  Mmmmmmmm.

I wish it wasn't so loud in there, but it is the best place to go for Happy Hour on Fridays.  Ask for Chris...he is my favorite waiter there by far.  Most of the them are great, but I have had to deal with one who came to our table once and then took way too long to come back and get our order or bring our food.  My other complaint, that won't stop me from coming, is their hostess stand.  You could stand there for hours with 2 hostesses right in front of you and not be acknowledged...not even a, "We'll be with you in a second."  Nothing.  Most of the time I just bypass them now and tell them I'm going to the bar and listen to them stammer as I leave them in my dust.
We normally go to the other wing place in town because it's closer to our house but decided to give this place a shot since we had not been in since we moved to the area. We were hoping for some great happy hour specials, but it was only so-so. They seemed a little understaffed as we were halfway through our wings without plates or even a boat to put our bones in. The wings were ok, but I think I prefer our normal spot more. 
The positives were the normal décor which is fun and they had several large TV's. The staff was friendly just slow. We may come in from time to time, but probably won't be regulars.
This place is always great! The servers are so friendly and remember us whenever we come back in. They're wonderful and patient with our 2 year old daughter who tends to throw food and scream when she's angry. The Honey BBQ and Asian Zing boneless are so good! FRIED PICKLES! Amazing. 
We go every Sunday during football season!!
We came in as a 5 person group at 545, we didnt get seated till 630. There were multiple groups of people, some with more than 6, seated before us. This is Arizona in the summer and they offered to seat us outside, in the sun, with no air conditioning. Terrible service
went here last week and the server was very rude and when I talked to her about it she acted like she didn't care.   I guess I can spend my money other places.
maybe we ordered the wrong things.... 12 boneless, nachos & a black & blue burger.  burger was ok. boneless chicken was like the frozen stuff you buy out of the grocery stores, bleh! and my nachos would have been ok if it was prepared as I asked!  it was a to go order so I asked them to separate the wet toppings on the side for me so I could put it on when we got home so it wasn't mushy... we had mushy nachos. gross.  the were generous w/ the military discount tho I'm not sure we'll be back.
If your namesake is wings, they should be awesome. And at BWW, the wings are merely mediocre. They do offer a wide range of sauces but nothing stood has stood out so far in my experience. They offer all-you-can-eat wings on Thursdays during lunch but their idea is to wait the customer out - we were there for 75 minutes with a very light crowd and we only got to re-fill our baskets (4 wings at a time) three times. That's barely passable service.

In terms of their drinking selection, BWW is really missing the mark. They understandably are catering to the sports fan crowd but to make it synonymous with only mass produced beer is terrible. There are so many craft options they could incorporate, especially local in Phoenix, and they really could do better if they aspire to be a go-to bar.

There is nothing wrong with BWW, there are just so many other good options, especially for their price point.
Best wings in Avondale!
We visited twice in a week, the first time was fight night so it was busy and loud. Overall it was positive, food was good, Mariah served us and did a great job. The only negative would be the front door hostess isn't the fastest at acknowledging you when you come in.

Second time was a Friday about 4 it wasn't to bust yet, but the food was good, Jess served us and did a great job as well, manager walking about asking of everything was good, which is always good. The only negative again is the front door greeting or hostess just isn't what it could be. 

I would visit again.
All I can say is okay food and TERRIBLE customer service at EVERY location. I think it's in their handbook that they have to be slow and mess up your order cuz even getting a glass of water takes about 10-15 minutes!!!!
Not too bad of a place to watch games but don't expect too great of service especially when busy. The food is so so and they will charge you for extra sauces so use them wisely. Other then that it's a good sports bar to go to
Bad food horrible service if your a women and theirs some kind of big event going on. I will NEVER be back here again. I rather go to Apple Bee's and deal with the long wait.
Food is good but the service is awful!  Every time we want to go there, we always think of bad service!  One time they took an hour to serve us and it wasn't even busy!
Bad food and bad service.  Been here twice since the reopening and likely wont be back.  +1 star for the TVs.
As expected of any Buffalo Wild Wings, this place was on par with all other places. We spiced it up this time and tried the Pepper Steak Wrap, along with the Mango Habanero, and Carribean Jerk. Would definitely do the whole combo again, although the Habanero killed my taste buds for awhile LOL

Get here early on special event nights! BWW doesn't charge covers for UFC fights, but the place starts getting packed during prelims. And then...I heard they also ran out of chicken, whoops :P
The wings are substandard, service was okay. There are so many better places for wings. I don't understand why this place is popular, my guess would be the TVs.
Wings were good (not better than others) Service was good except :::: Like the airlines they are nickle and dime you.  They ask :"carrots or celery ranch or blue cheese" . What they don"t ask is you will pay for them.... $.60 each for 3 celery stocks and a small cup of dressing.  It add over $4.00 to our bill.  Sorry Buffalo, on to the next hunting grounds.   Did I add, too loud to talk.
I really want to like this place since it is not too far away, it's big, has lots of TVs and is a reasonably good place to watch a sporting event. 

Unfortunately 10 wings for $11 in a cardboard tray that are average at best, never hot and never extra crispy as ordered just doesn't cut it. 

Every time I have been here, I order my wings extra crispy and they come mushy and never hot and crispy.  I have never had this problem at any other sports bar or restaurant I've gone to.  

Since wings are the main thing they do, you think they would have it down but they definitely don't.  Having lots of commercials and a large selection of sauces doesn't mean your wings are good.

I get they are trying to cut costs by putting them in cardboard trays, but they are more expensive than any other sports bar and not as good, so I just don't get it.

I have been here half a dozen times since it re-opened and every time I kick myself on the way out for coming here.  I usually don't come back for months and then see the commercials or someone's going there etc. and come back and it's always subpar!  A couple of times the service has been so poor I have almost gotten up and walked out.  

I don't plan on coming back unless I can ever get hot and crispy wings or have a family member friend who begs me to go here.
They are so nice and attentive here. 
I like wings, beers, food, and good company.  So I have no complaints!
The food was fine, so I have no complaints there.  However, the wait time for food and drinks on this visit was just insane.  After being at our table for ONE HOUR we still don't have our food.  People around us have arrived, eaten, and left since we got here.  This is my first visit to this location, and I don't think we'll be back.
You can't go wrong with Buffalo Wild Wings. Beer, Wings, and over a dozen flat screens on which to watch sporting events. The only thing l will say, is that it sometimes gets too loud and it's hard to carry a conversation.
I came here to watch the St. Louis blues play and with in seconds of me sitting down one of the managers came up to me and said the game would be on the big tv directly infront of me, without me having to ask at all.
Between the servers talking crap about patrons or the servers kids running around my table and honestly its about the homeliest staff ive ever seen i cant go back. The servers need to shut up and the person who hires needs to be fired
We came in to watch March Madness basketball. It took 15 minutes to receive our beer order. It took another 20 minutes to receive our appetizers and one last 20 minutes to receive our entree! Every time our waitress came by she would say "it will be right out". Obviously she is using a different definition for "right out" than we are.
Over-priced and overrated. Somewhere along the way, this chain started prioritizing the gimmick over the food.
Honestly, I expected better.  It took a while to get seated even though tables were open, the service was not so great, and it took too long for our drinks to arrive...our food made it to the table first.  Just not my favorite.
My family and I went here for dinner,  and one star overrates our experience. We were seated right away, but after 15 minutes of waiting we had to go ask for a waitress to serve us. We waited a long time for our food and had to ask for silverware. Finally, we were overcharged. The waitress double charged us for the wings we ordered. So, we had to wait another 30 minutes to get our bill corrected. The icing on the cake was cold food.
WINGS BEER SPORTs, Iove that they Newcastle on tap. BWW has nba league pass so u can watch ur fave basketball team play, just ask the captain. Try mango habanero flavor wings, chili con quest for appetizer. Then if u have the balls do the blazin challenge. The only thing I don' like is how small the men's restrooms r. Almost 11every dude is drinking . That means they need more than two urinals and one stall. Hence four stars not five prefer bww than native and hooters.
I wasn't expecting anything amazing because all their food is frozen but I waited way too long for undercooked wings. And it's also freezing in there!!
Pretty disappointed that they don't give ranch with wings any more.  They wanted to charge 60 cents per container...not sure if this is a new or temporary policy... Either way, it sucks
I have visited this location many times however my most recent experience was horrible. It started with their signs on the door stating TAKE OUT ONLY ENTER THROUGH PATIO. The wording was a little off and confusing. We read it as take out orders are to enter through the patio. We walked in to the restaurant to discover it was all closed off. At first we thought they were closed and only accepting take out orders. Then we saw people standing by the patio so we walked back there. We stood in front of the host podium where there were 3 employees and a security guard who were all carrying on a conversation about one of the girls who was pregnant. Never were we greeted. We had to wait until their conversation was over. Then we asked if they were open (since the wording on the signs was vague). Instead of saying yes she immediately asked how many people we needed a table for in a rude snappy manner. Clearly there were only 2 of us there with a little baby. So she had someone bring us inside and the guy brought us a high chair as we requested. Well then we were told we would need to put the high chair on the inside of the table and not in the aisle. Understandable but the place our table was located when the table behind us was sat the man behind my son was backed up to the high chair causing barely any room. If the position of the high chair was such an issue why didn't they put us at a normal table. Our server was very sweet and nice. Seemed she was fairly new at serving but she was always smiley and kind.  I have always ordered the Cajun Quesadilla and enjoyed it however this time the chicken was very sparse in the tortilla and there was a weird taste to the meal over all. 

I would recommend BWW to anyone however I feel the tactics of this particular visit were sub par and need to be reviewed. Also, do not try and visit this restaurant when there is a big fight on PPV or a big sporting event because you will not be allowed in unless you are there for that event.
I've been to this chain many times mostly in California. Food is always decent but a tad over priced. This location has terrible service! Host didn't say hi when I walked in nor could she quote me a wait time "because people might stay to watch the game"... Ya think? There's only 100 TVs in here! Ha. After we were seated, we received warm bottles Coronas. When our food came, the order was wrong on both our meals. When my 60 year old father was complaining to get our order fixed the server kept calling him "Bud". Excuse me... but when did it become okay for kids to call their elders anything other than Sir or Ma'am?
What a down slide this place has taken! Use to be a great place to go. Now the beer taste like they never clean the lines food is so so. Only good thing I'll say is they do have good sauces for the wings. Other then that went downhill fast. Even the shirts they wear now look crappy and dirty! Prices seem to have gone up and with decline of everything else how do you justify?
I like Buffalo Wild Wings, but this one in particular I despise. I walk in, full staff of employees just standing there looking at me. I don't get a hello or a welcome to bww and the girls just didn't seem like they wanted to attend me, if that's the case then what are you doing there?!
Love my B-Dubs, but this one is exceptionally hit-and-miss

First, I'll confess that I'm a fan of B-Dubs. The dry rubs are my faves-- Salt and Vinegar, Chipotle, Desert Heat... Mmmmm.  Second, this location is so convenient that I'd probably keep going there unless they literally harmed me somehow.

That said, this is a frustrating location to eat at.  One day, your chicken is moist, the seasoning is plentiful, and your server nails your order.  The next visit, your wings and drumettes would more accurately be called "bony meat crisps", it looks like seasoning is on  war time rationing, and your server convinces you that s/he has a form of spongiform encephalitis by successfully getting every person's order at least a little wrong and by taking two McDonalds visits to bring the food out.

At least there's a little adventure in each visit... Oh, and lots of TVs to distract me.
The food is okay and I'd actually give 3 or 4 stars if their service wasn't absolutely dreadful every time I come in! 

The first 2 or 3 times I went, I had to wait forever for the server to take our drink order. Then I had to wait maybe 10-15 minutes to get the drinks, and then wait like another 25-30 minutes for our food. I thought maybe its just cause its a little busy? The next couple times I had exactly the same experience, only it was not busy at all!!! 

Their servers takes forever to greet us and take our drinks. Once they give us our drinks, they just leave right away so then we have to wait for them to return and take our actual order, which means we have to wait even longer for the food.

I'll probably stick to the Westgate location seeing as how this location's service completely sucks!
Love their boneless wings - Asian Zing but always have horrible service.   We frequent this one a lot as it has been the closest one to is till the Westgate facility opened.  Last visit took an 45 minutes for our food to arrive, asked the server for sweetener for my tea and she forgot 3 different times to bring it.  After that we didn't see her so we had to ask another server for napkins.  When it came time to pay - we asked for to go containers and she brought us lids for our ranches. That gave us a little laugh.  Manager came by to ask how we were and I had to ask him for Togo containers.  He brought them and the server came by 5 minutes later with more containers and looked completely puzzled as to how we got some.   Think I will make the drive to another facility next time.  The three stars are slowly because we like the wings.
I think it was the guitar playing chicken that caught my eye as I drove by.  Then it was the "Now Open" sign.  New business?  Figured I had to try it.

Rock-n-Roll Fingers is a SO cool concept.  Chicken fingers, waffle fries and Texas toast - that's pretty much the menu.  The Chicken fingers may be fried or Buffalo style - but they definitely won't be from frozen chicken.  They use only fresh Chicken breasts - no skin and no bones -  and they fry only in Canola oil to make for the least unhealthy fried chicken they can.  They have about 7 different dipping sauces - from Ranch to Thai sweet chili  - though they are known for their Special Sauce.  It's a secret recipe, so of course I had to try it.  Pretty dang good.  I also loved the BBQ which was more tangy than sweet and went perfect with the chicken.  

As for the chicken - have you ever had chicken so juicy that you though it might not be fully cooked?  Maybe it's just because I grew up eating overcooked food, but every once in awhile when I get chicken cooked so perfectly I have to look to make sure it isn't pink.  It was SO juicy I was really shocked.  And though fried, it wasn't a thick and overly crispy batter - just enough to seal in the juices while leaving you with a tender and flexible piece of meat.  The waffle fries were out of this world.  The Texas toast was SOOO good!  

When I got back to the office I was super excited to learn two things.  This is an independently owned business - this is their first location.  And even more cool - they have gotten a perfect score by the Health Department more than six times in a row.  Wow.   

So you can eat some really great food and support a new local business for a $5-7 lunch.  Not bad.  Not bad at all.
So, after reading Kristin's glowing review, I decided to give this place a shot.  They're on my way home and I've had a craving for chicken fingers ever since I left Texas, where Raising Canes is huge.

Let me first talk about the good.  If you're from the south and miss Raising Canes- this place has their schtick down perfectly.  The flash-fried chicken fingers, the squishy fries, and of course, the special sause.  PSssst!  The special sauce is 50% ranch and 50% barbecue :)

But I didn't have a very good experience and it all boils down to management.  I ordered a "regular plate" which amounts to 3 chicken fingers, fries, toast, and 1 ramekin of sauce.  This amounts to about $7.00.  Did you want a drink with that?  That's another $2.  Personally, I always take water.  The counter-jockey, who very well may be the owner given his age and demeanor, informed me they were out of water cups and I would not be permitted to use one of the cups they give to those who shell out for soda.  No problem.  I was walking home, so I had my water bottle. 

 So, rude owner aside, we're still doing good here.  Owner appears to be the only guy in the place because he leaves the front counter, picks up his cell phone and begins calling people while preparing my order.  At no time did he A.  Thank me for my business.  B.  Wash his hands or C.  Tell me whether my food would be right out or if I should have a seat.

After about 5 minutes, owner reappears with my food and plops it down on my table.  As mentioned earlier, the food tastes pretty close to Raising Canes, so if you're looking for that ridiculously hot greasy fried-chicken + sauce thing, they've got it here.  As I think about my french fries, I realize there's no salt to be found in the whole restaurant.  I scour the booths, I check the counter, nothing.  I see the owner sitting on a chair, still on his cell phone, and wave as if to get his attention.  He waves me off as if to say, "I have no time for you" and keeps blabbing on his cell phone.  

Dirty hands, no condiments, no customer service.  Three strikes, you're out.  

I will not be back.
I do not have to even think twice when I say that Rock-n-Roll Chicken Fingers is one of the best places to eat in the Tempe area.  Ever since the first time I ate there a few years ago, I have always had an amazing experience.

First off, every meal is cooked with care, and is treated as though it is the most important plate there.  Nothing is slopped together like your average fast food joint.  The service is far from average as well.  

The owner of the restaurant is always friendly with every customer that walks in.  I always feel welcome and important when I come in.  

It may not be the biggest food chain around, or filled with several employees, but nonetheless, the food always makes my mouth water, and the owner cares about me as a customer.  This is how every restaurant should be, and I commend them for their hard work.  I will continue to eat here, as well as refer all of my friends to eat there.  

Please join the Rock -n-Roll Chicken Fingers family like I have!!
This is one of my favorite places to eat chicken fingers. The chicken is great (get the special sauce!) and tastes really fresh.

The owner (mentioned Chris' review) is a cool guy who seems to really cares about making great food. They've received really great health reviews lately so he's apparently gotten his act together on that end.

One interesting thing is that every time I go, it's never the same experience. One time they don't have waffle fries, the next time the toast is different. Last time, they didn't have bags for our take out order.

I never see that many people at this place although I've only been in the summer. I hope it stays around for a while.
Saw the other reviews so I decided to give it a try.

The first thing I noticed on entering was the sign over the jukebox saying they had perfect health inspection scores 11-times in a row and the owner told me it was now up to 12. Anyplace that keeps their kitchen and restaurant that clean is good in my book.

Ordered a large basket with 3 chicken fingers, fries and Texas Toast. Probably because I had my 2 1/2 year old son with me, the owner added an extra few fingers to the order - very nice of him.

The food was very tasty. Crispy skin and juicy chicken. I usually don't like thick french fries but these were very well done.

The owner also mentioned to me that the food was cooked in Canola oil and had no trans-fats and no cholesterol. Definitely made me feel better about eating deep-fried foods.

All in all, I really liked the place and will definitely return.
OK, just ate RnR Fingers again tonight and it made me think of writing a review on here.

First off, let me just say that I love their &quot;Secret Sauce&quot; and their fingers are pretty darn good.  I always get a sandwich and a few extra fingers and a ramekin of sauce on the side. 

Why do they only get 3 stars then Hotchy, you may ask. Well it all falls down at their service. I have been in here a bunch and the owner is consistently rude, never smiles and god forbid he says more than 2 words to you! His brother, who opened the place but disappeared from the restaurant awhile back, was a much nicer person.  I firmly believe that if you don't have a social demeanor you should not run a restaurant.

Second: $2 and change for a large soda???? Dude that stuff costs about 10 cents! I understand you have to cover costs but come on!

Third: The use of Styrofoam. As an independently owned business these guys can make an effort to beautify the world and try using recyclable products even a little. HERE READ CUPS. I will pay a little extra for the soda if it came in recycled cups.

So there you have it. Go there for the fingers, but leave quickly because of the service.
Rock n Roll fingers is at least a weekly treat to myself. As the other reviewers have already pointed out, their health department scores are no less then stellar, and the service is exceptional. Every time I have been there, I have been warmly greeted by the owner, and we are now on a first name basis, so the people claiming he is rude is somewhat odd to me.

Back to the food. This is some of the best fried chicken I have ever had. Its always juicy, tender, and freshly made. I love buffalo sauce, so I always end up getting ranch and buffalo on the side, but the special sauce is also great.

I highly recommend this place to anyone that is looking for some of the freshest fried chicken around. If you like buffalo chicken like me, its a defacto standard for great chicken and buffalo sauce.
I have been going to Rock and Roll Fingers for about 3 years.  Its located near the ASU campus but it seems many college student don't know about this hidden treasure.  By far the best chicken in Arizona. It is always tender crisp and not to greasy.  The owner Allen is a real nice guy and often makes small talk to returning customers.  I love the 60's rock posters on the wall giving it that old diner feel.  As you wait for your food which is usually delivered by the owner himself, there are checkers and backgammon to pass the time.  I always bring my visiting friends to Rock and Roll to show off one of Tempe's truly great eateries.
All my friends love RnR but I am always disappointed. I cant place my finger on why I don't enjoy the food, but I don't. This being said, since so many people I know love the food here, I would still recommend it to someone looking for chicken fingers. The staff is really nice and the atmosphere is cool. It just is not my cup of tea.
I don't like rock and roll, and I don't like a plate full of fried food... but this place was pretty awesome.  The options for anything other than fried chicken is very limited, but we decided to just get four specials.  A plate full of fries and fried chicken breast strips, plus sauces.  

I loved the house special sauce.  Couldn't put my finger on exactly what it was.  Thai Basil sauce was okay, the rest were typical and nothing special.  Fries were fine.  The place was spotless, and the guy working was really friendly.  He thanked us a few separate times, and seemed sincere.
I used to live by Rock-n-Roll fingers about two years ago, and even though I moved downtown, I still find myself drawn back to this place.  The concept is simple - pretty much just chicken, and a few other sides you'd expect from a chicken place.  Only thing is, their chicken is amazing.  Based on the fingers alone, I would say I haven't had better in AZ.  The best part is that they always seem to make them up fresh when you order.  This results in a little bit of a wait (5-10 minutes), but having fresh chicken fingers is worth it for me.  As far as sauces, I tend to go with the House sauce.  It's a little bit like a Remoulade sauce - not really sure what it's made out of, but it works well with the fingers.

The only negative to this place is really just a comparison to itself.  When they first opened up, they had unbelievable waffle fries.  Unfortunately, somewhere along the line they decided to go with regular fries.  The ones they switched to aren't BAD, but compared to the waffle fries they just don't cut it.  If they switched back to waffle fries I would definitely bump to 5 stars.
I don't eat fried chicken very often, but this chicken fingers are very tasty. Not like other franchise fried chicken. I did not get fries and got extra chicken fingers. 

The place is small, but the owner Alin is awesome man. I was very much focusing on the chicken and sauce. Haven't tried all the sauces, but will give them a shot. 

Some people tweet on social network about the tasty Chicken meals. Even news crews were there as well. Now the only place you can find their coupon is http://www.smartlocalshoppers.com/store/view/promotions/1054/

The owner will even give more free stuff if you show the coupon on your iPhone or smart phone. So you don't have to print and bring in the coupons. 

I would recommend everyone to eat at their restaurant. The chicken fingers are too tasty to resist! Best Fried Chicken in Town.
I consider myself a fried chicken connoisseur.  I make it often and whether I use panko, breadcrumbs or corn flakes, I know what is good.  This place is good.  As mentioned in an earlier review, they make each order fresh.  If you can manage to wait 5-10 mins (I call ahead) then you are in for a treat.  Not too greasy, perfectly crispy all white meat chicken fingers served with a variety of sauces.  I go for the buffalo and bleu cheese sauces on my chicken finger sandwich.

Also, the owner of this joint is obsessed with providing great customer service, a clean place, and even discounts if you refer a friend!

If you like fried chicken...fingers...check it out.
This place is awesome..  Best chicken fingers in town!

Owner is a great guy..  Bring a friend, get a free chicken finger..
Brak absolutely loves chicken fingers.  R&R is a nice joint.  As billed, classic R&R serenades you as you dine.  There are lots of posters and actual album covers making up the decor.  The place has gathered something like 13 straight "gold star" county health inspection reviews.  This is a GOOD thing and I'm glad the owner is proud of it.  Nice not to have to worry about what's going on behind the curtain.

Prices aren't cheap but they're very reasonable for what you get.  Fingers of course is the focus, as well as lots of available sauces.  This can't be a very healthy meal, but it's sure tasty.  The fingers don't taste like frozen chain restaurant fare, which they aren't.. and it makes a huge difference.  Texas Toast is a fine complement, and the fries are good too.

Brak gives R&R Fingers a solid 4-star rating.  The only reason it doesn't get a 5er is that Putsy's in Tempe, when it was still open, was even better.  Damn, this is making me hungry.. I think I'll motor on over to R&R right now for a nice crispy lunch.  Mmmm mmm.
This place is great!!! all of my friends love going here for lunch.... if your in the mood for some really good chicken fingers, this is the place to go! The plates are served with french fries and a piece of Texas toast which is very good.  They have a good selection of sauces. I recommend this to all my friends and to everyone that comes into Tempe, AZ!
If you don't like Rock-n-Roll Fingers, I don't like you.  Period.  The owner rocked, he used to hook us up with an extra finger all the time!!  For all the shitty food in arizona I had to endure with, this place was a shining star!  Living back in New York, if I am ever cravin some chicken fingers, I know my hunger will not be succesully taken care of b/c their is no Rock-n-Roll substitute.
This place is delicious. The chicken finger sandwich is huge and the veggies on it seemed very fresh and crisp.  Great fingers, great sauce, good place to eat.  The owner was very nice and I felt very happy to help him out.  It is a small business, kind of hard to find (next to FYE), but this is way better than any drive-thru place.  Go check it out.
I was so excited to learn about Rock-N-Roll Fingers after many months of not having my favorite place for chicken fingers in business any longer (thanks, Halley)!  Little did I know that my old favorite place for chicken fingers got most of their ideas from Rock-N-Roll Fingers...  The chicken is moist and tender and perfectly cooked - I love that the breading is minimal on each piece.  Sauces are very good - there are several to choose from. The website shows waffle fries as the standard side, but we received regular fries perfectly seasoned. The Texas toast is really tasty...bread is not usually my thing - I ate mine and could have eaten another piece.

Go check it out and take a friend.  I'm spreading the word to all the people in my office who used to go to the old favorite...this will be our new favorite!

Alan, thanks for the hospitality on our first visit!
Best chicken fingers I have ever had no questions asked. Always hot and fresh, good quality chicken, great sauces, and good prices. 

I can't say how much I crave these fingers somedays without my mouth watering. They are nice big strips of quality chicken that has never been frozen and is always fresh. They are lightly breaded and cooked and never greasy. When ordering i usually come with a friend and we do the special deal where if you get the 3 strip box which is 3 strips, fries, texas toast, 2 sauces and a drink you each get the 4th strip free all for about $10. 

The fries here are great and well seasoned and perfect for dipping in sauces which i think there are about 7 of but i always go with 1 special sauce and 1 buffalo as they work well together. I can heat my mouth up with the buffalo and cool it down with the special sauce(great on fries).
The texas toast is awesome and has a ton of flavor and just melts in your mouth it is so good.

And to those guys out there thinking 4 strips, fries and toast that won't fill me up i need 8 strips think again as these are big and meaty strips not the tiny little things from McDonald's or Burger King. Usually we all end up with some to take home or force feed that last strip down just so we don't have to stand for another box.

The best part is the owner is always there and truly appreciates your business and always makes sure to thank you for coming in. You can tell he takes pride in his place and it shows.

Tips: They are closed Sunday and Monday and there is like a .50 cent fee for credit/debit because the card companies were giving the owner the shaft on fees.
5 stars all the way! Probably best chicken fingers in town! Get the box deal with toast, fries, chicken fingers, delicious! Many different sauces to choose from! Also, when you bring a new customer (friend) with you, you and your friend get an extra chicken for free! :) Chicken is always super juicy and steaming hot on the inside, I don't know how the owner does it, but it's amazing, every time! The only thing that sucks are their inconsistent, and always changing, hours of operation, so make sure you call, or check online first before you head out.
Rock-n-Roll fingers surprised me. Me and a friend were going to try the place out and thought it was not going to be what we expected. 

The chicken is very fresh very juicy and one of the best tasting chicken strips i have ever eaten in my life. Worth every penny. 

If you don't go and at least try it once, your missing out on some really good chicken.
Glowing reviews made me try this place and I'm convinced that the people that wrote them are some how affiliated with the owner. Yelp reviews have been very helpful in the past but these ones are a true conundrum. This place is NOT good. I LOVE chicken strips and this place had some of the worst ones I have ever had. My girlfriend and I both agreed we have ZERO desire to return. 
The service was friendly and the place was clean but the chicken itself was terrible. To try and explain... have you ever bought chicken from the grocery store that was tough for some reason? It was if they had bad chicken and then they threw it in a fryer with no batter or seasoning on it. They had a tough exterior with no tasty crispyness to enjoy. Bad bad bad. Try to support small business peeps but when Chick-fil-a is waaaay better and it's cheaper, why bother with R&R?
This place is prime example of mom and pop.  I can definitely see the hype people make of the chicken fingers.  They are great.  Not to soggy but not frozen crunchy.  Be prepare to wait a bit to get your food because it's made to order and not fried until you come in. If time is an issue, call ahead.  I recommend the chicken sandwich, it's amazing.   
The other thing that I don't like is that it seems they don't have waffle fries like they used too and just use regular fires now.
Let's reverse the trend and go with "BAD" first, followed by GOOD.

Two things keep this place from garnishing 5 stars:

1.  The chicken fingers are sometimes actually a DIFFERENT STYLE from the last time you ate there.  That happened to me.  I took my kids there, and the strips were PERFECT - thick and meaty, crunchy, not too salty, completely awesome.  THUS, I bragged to my co-workers and took them.  THAT TIME, the strips were actually a DIFFERENT strip - not nearly as thick, with less meat, more on the "flat" style of strip.  That bothered me  - a lot.  After bragging that this place had the "best chicken strips EVER" we got there and they were fairly pedestrian strips.  Not good.

2.  They charge a fee for paying with plastic.  I know, they have to pay fees and they are just collecting their fee in advance, rather than pay it out of their own pocket, but it's still an annoyance.  Better to add 1 cent to every item and get your fees back that way I think.  It just leaves a bad taste in my mouth paying a fee for using a card.

Now, the GOOD:

As many other reviewers have stated, the strips (when you get the GOOD ones) are totally delicious and completely awesome.  They WILL rank with the best you have ever had unless you were raised by a chicken chef.

The point of this place is Chicken Strips.  If you love them, and get the good, meaty ones, enjoy.  

The fries are above decent also.

Just don't pay with plastic, and HOPE the strips are not the flat ones, and you are in business.
I have a feeling that this place probably appeals to individuals with more of an East cost experience with chicken fingers (though I could be wrong, but I will explain). As others have noted, it is family owned, not a chain, and the owner is extremely polite and that is god thing. I ordered the  regular chicken fingers plate with fries and a piece of Texas Toast and got an extra chicken finger because I was a new customer. For the sauces, and there is a number of selections, I got the blue cheese sauce and the house specialty.

Being more used to Texas style chicken fingers I tend to like a think coating of batter (like chicken fried steak, dredged in an egg wash, and then flour and preferably twice). These seemed like they were just dredged in seasoned flour and then fried. So, fries were okay, Texas toast is like a thick piece of garlic toast and well, it was basically cooked chicken that you could dip into the sauce. Honestly, I think the chicken fingers from Popeye's are much better. 

If you like the style of chicken fingers they offer, then great but not really my thing, though I give kudo's to the owner for providing great service.
This place is fantastic! Its a small family run place that specializes in chicken tenders and that's about it, but what they lack in menu diversity they make up in quality.  Either in a salad, on a sandwich made from buttery Texas toast, or just on a plate alone the chicken tenders are moist and extremely delicious. They are never frozen, chicken breasts, lightly battered and made when you order them. Along with the tenders you get to choose from 8 different sauces. You get your typical ranch, buffalo, and mustard dipping sauces. But its their special sauce stands out as the best compliment to their chicken. Because its family owned it can be a bit pricey, at about $10 for a regular plate and drink, but the pleasant service, great food, and casual laid back atmosphere make up for it.
I don't know why I have a tendency to forget this place exists for months at a time. It's not that I don't like it or that I don't eat chicken tenders. It's really a shame too as this place is locally owned(the owner takes all the orders and is a very friendly guy). 

The fingers aren't your mcdonalds fair. They have less breeding and are more of a homestyle than fast food. They chicken flavor is allowed to stand out more than the breading which I like. Plus they are much meatier and fresher than most (not mistaken they are never frozen). They are more like thirds of a breast than a little slice. I get full on 3 and some fries but the box deal with 4 strips, toast, fries, w sauces and a drink is the way to go to have a few leftovers.

If your looking for good chicken tenders this is the place to be. Good food, local owner and a filling meal.

Oh and fyi there is a charge for using credit cards so try and bring cash if you can.
I don't eat meat anymore but man am I going to miss this place. Best word to describe the food would be yum-a-licious! The freshest, most tender, moistest chicken fingers you will ever have, along with a ridiculously nice staff and clean restaurant. I would definitely recommend the regular box: three chicken fingers, waffle fries, texas toast, and sauce. They make it when you order it and the food is so delicious! The chicken has a very light but flavorful batter and the chicken is just rockin' good. Try it please!
"Chick-fil-a is waaaay better and it's cheaper, why bother with R&R?"

...because not everyone likes eating chicken that tastes gummy.

This place is really good, but the only thing that bothers me is they close too early.  I wish they were open maybe an hour or two later, or open for lunch on Sunday.  I've missed getting to their restaurant for the past 3 weeks now because sometimes I'm not ready to eat before 7pm.
It's really simple: if you want chicken fingers, eat at Rock-N-Roll.  There really is no equal.  High quality ingredients, a delicious light batter for the frying, and just about the tastiest special sauce you can imagine.  And really, get the special sauce. I know they have a bunch of others, but in your heart of hearts you know what's right.

You can even get the fingers buffalo style--I usually go half that way, half normal--which pairs with the special sauce quite well.

The guy who owns and runs the place is great, too, and gives out a free chicken finger to you and any new person you bring to try it out. 

Clean restaurant, copious amounts of food, and the best chicken fingers I've eaten anywhere--how in the name of all that is good is this place so overlooked?
Tried this place for the first time on Friday. At first, I decided to get the two finger meal with a drink, but the owner convinced us to upgrade to the  special. (I hear he is pretty good about doing this to everyone!) The food came out quickly and was very hot. The chicken fingers tasted really good and I love that he serves waffle fries. Who doesn't love waffle fries? The amount of food was too much for me, but for th price you can't complain. The restaurant was very clean, but I have to say that the decor is dated!! I do feel that the owner should consider a different type of decor to make this place really stand out. All in all, it was a good lunch and I would definitely recommend this place to others. :0)
Update:

Solid 4.5 stars.

Have gone back 7 or 8 times total, and after my review mentioning the "alternate strips," they have served nothing but the GOOD ONES.

Maybe they had to use a different source that one day, or I got a bad batch, or whatever.

But since then, the strips have been PRIMO and everything there is fresh and fried heaven.

Go try it - you'll like it !!!
I dropped by here before going to the grocery store and I wasn't disappointed.

Their specialty are the chicken fingers, being my first time here I ordered a regular plate which consists of waffle fries, 3 chicken fingers, and a side of sauce to dip the chicken with. They had all kinds of different flavors but I went with their special sauce which is kind of a mayo and ketchup mixture with seasoning.

I originally thought that I wasn't going to be full with just waffle fries and 3 chicken pieces but when my food got to me it was a heaping plate of waffle fries, a texas toast, which was a buttered sourdough slice, and 3 generously sized chicken breast tenders. The waffle fries were good, reminds me of Chik Fil A if you've ever been there, I didn't care too much for the texas toast but I did take a couple bites, but the chicken was delicious. The breading was not too overpowering, it didn't take away from the taste of the chicken and the sauce went well with every bite. The chicken was extremely juicy and very tasty. 

So give this place a chance if you enjoy homemade chicken tenders.
I entered the restaurant and went to the counter to order and the owner was really friendly and wanted to get me the best deal... I ordered the Regular Box (Three chicken fingers, larger waffle fries, Texas toast, and a sauce I bought an extra sauce and they tossed in an extra finger...  I got the Special sauce and the Thai sweet chili sauce the owner told me to dip in both and it was really good... This was one hell of a good meal best chicken fingers I have had in Arizona and real deal waffle fries the whole meal was so good... I spoke with the owner for a bit and he was a down to earth guy running a family owned business so go support the a local business  owner and get a great meal well doing so.
Really really delightful experience at Rock-n-Doll Fingers.

I never have too much luck with Yelp 4+ star place. If I was able to try it the first time, they were likely shitty; or if they were awesome, I would likely not able to enjoy them the first time I visit. This little place falls into the 2nd category.

Drove there once, missed it due to the "family emergency".

Luckily I live somewhat nearby, so actually went on purpose again on the way home. Totally not regretting it.

First of all, this place was so grassroots looking that it so not appeared to me to be a fried chicken finger place, and looked almost slightly suspicious. I had to stare at that "open" light (because of the sunshine) for 5 sec and debating if it was open at all (on the other hand, I went in at a somewhat awkward time).

The place is small, but very neat. And the cashier (I assume his the owner) was so POLITE! He thanked me like 3 times during my ordering process.

Got a regular box to go, very reasonable price regarding the portion, food was ready pretty fast, and I received another appreciation from him. :)

Immediately my car filled with the delightful smell. Ran back to try the chicken, Wow, I am not really a white meat person but it was warm, tender, juicy and flavorful! (I actually got four pieces) Since I did the to-go, missed the crispiness of the chicken and the fires. The fries could be better since I didn't care too much for the season on it (wasn't very evenly sprinkled). I could tell the toast was really good bread, but too much butter and bit too salty.

The food is qualified for 4 stars but the service totally scored! Keep your awesome service and fingers, and work a bit more on the season sprinkle part lol.
This little joint serves nothing but chicken fingers, waffle fries, and texas toast (among a few other things) and they do it WELL!  The place is decorated with a bunch of old rock n roll memorabilia which I think is really cool and he even has an old jukebox in there!  The chicken fingers are in one word : AMAZING.  They are very lightly breaded and fried in trans fat free oil (I know still not the healthiest thing but they are GOOD) and they are moist and tender and juicy every time.  The waffle fries are the best compliment to the fingers and the selection of homemade sauces can't be beat (special sauce highly recommended)!  Overall this place is where you want to go when you are craving some of those delicious little chicken fingers that everyone loves!  Family owned and operated!  Oh and little tip, try to call to see if they are open, sometimes when business is slow they close early ;-)
I'd love to give this place more stars but with the limited menu, chicken    fingers, waffle fries and a salad as the whole menu I just can't. A good place for kids who like chicken fingers. Both bathrooms were out of service but i am sure that was a temporary thing.
I have to say I was quite impressed with how simple yet fantastically yummy my meal was. 
Chicken fingers, waffle fries, Texas toast, and some sauces to try out (house, bbq, thai chili, buffalo). The chicken fingers were cooked just right. The breading and seasoning were on point. As I do not like overly breaded or seasoned chicken strips. The meat wasn't overcooked at all. Each piece tasted different becuase I kept trying different sauces. I was told by the owner to double dip them in various combos and was quite pleased with how good their sauces tasted together! The waffle fries were good, fresh out the fryer. And the Texas toast was a nice compliment to the meal. 
Will I be going here all the time, no... Why? Only because I am trying to lose weight! Will this be the only place I go to for yummy chicken fingers and delicious sauce? Hell yes!
Great fingers, special sauce is tasty, guy behind counter is very friendly.  Decor is too kitschy
I came in for the first time today and was happily greeted by an employee who was so nice and offered much feedback on the food they offered. The food was fresh and I was ecstatic to see that the chicken fingers were not overly breaded. It was cooked perfectly and the sauces complimented the chicken very well. (I got an assortment of sauces.) 

I will definitely be back the next time I have a craving for chicken fingers.
dude these chicken fingers are the bomb. I would go back in a heart beat. I got regular fries though, and im not 100% sold on them yet. I would rather have some waffle fries, but... what are ya gonna do.


P.S. their special sauce was pretty dope. 5 stars.
Very impressed by this place!  Plenty of classic rock and roll nostalgiac decor throughout this small place.  Very generous size portions, reasonably priced, and great customer service.  
On a side note, the bathrooms have a sign that says "out of order", but they really aren't.  Apparently he liks to keep them clean, and has had problems with the younger crownd trashing them.
Alright, I found this place through Yelp and I am SO glad my fellow Yelpers came through for me on this.

When I pulled up to this place, I wasn't expecting much at all. They have chicken fingers, fries, and a special sauce that is to die for.
Honestly, the portions were huge for the amount you pay and everything is cooked to order. 

I was so happy and I cannot wait to go back again. I LOVE this place!
This place is amazing! Friendly service and just plain great chicken! Definitely going back
My second visit to Rock n' Roll Fingers was just as awesome as my first. 

Two words come to mind when I think of this place:

Fresh & Flavorful

Seriously, everything is awesome here and I can't imagine anyone disliking it. Nearby? Stop in, you won't regret it.
How have I not reviewed Rock'n'Roll fingers yet? I come here every other week, and have never been disappointed. I always get the regular plate with the BBQ sauce.

- The chicken fingers: I read elsewhere in these reviews that they aren't "crispy", and that is absolutely correct! They AREN'T crispy. They're breaded and fried, but in such a way that the chicken is so moist, so fresh, the breading is simply there for a bit of texture.

- The fries: they could easily be frozen fries, but you know what, they're delicious and go perfectly with the fingers. They are seasoned as well, which helps a ton!

- The Texas toast: ... it's Texas toast. What more needs to be said? YUM!

- The sauces: While they push their special sauce, and the special sauce IS good, I just love their BBQ sauce. I don't know if it's in-house or not, but their fingers just go so well with the BBQ... and that's saying a lot since I'm more a chicken+ranch kind of girl!

This place isn't gourmet. This place isn't fancy. It's a bit cheap on the inside, and has small games at the booths for entertainment. It's a bit pricier than you would expect, but you also get a heaping plate full of food. The folks in there are friendly and recognize familiar faces.

I say disregard the few negative reviews here. If you like chicken fingers and fries, you will leave 110% satisfied. I promise.
I was searching for a place to eat for lunch and came upon Rock-n-Roll Fingers on Yelp.  The restaurant is a small little shop that only sells chicken fingers, but what they lack in variety is aggrandized in taste.  The chicken fingers were perfect: not too much breading, not too much salt, very juicy and a large size for each chicken piece.  They offer multiple sauces to go with the chicken.  Such examples include Thai sweet, buffalo, honey mustard, bbq, and a "special" sauce that I have yet to try.  The buffalo sauce and the bbq sauce were both pretty good.  The bbq sauce is more on the tangy side rather than sweet.  We had the standard cut fries, which were your basic standard cut fries, albeit dusted with some seasoned salt.  

Service was warm and friendly.  They are currently offering a new customer special where if you bring in a new customer, or if you are a new customer, they will give you an extra chicken piece.  

One thing to note is that if you use credit card, they will add on 75 cents to your bill.
The secret sauce is amazing. The chicken is high quality and tasty. The owner, Alan, is a nice guy. Always makes sure the customers are happy and you can tell he actually likes his job. I have been eating here for about 3 years and have never had a bad meal.
This place rocks!!
Yup. Pretty awesome. I mean... if you want chicken fingers, this is the place to go...
Best chicken fingers in town! Rock n roll themed; records on the wall, rock n roll music playing, games like checkers battleship on the tables to play.
Delicious chicken fingers and awesome service! I ordered a 50 finger party platter for a work party and everyone raved about them. It's really good quality chicken and  the dipping sauces are delicious - we got special, ranch, honey mustard and buffalo.  They also made us the platter last minute and it was very affordable.
Stopped by here after leaving the airport on a long flight from Atlanta.  Wanted something quick and found this place hide high reviews in our area.  

We ordered 3 chicken fingers plates with drinks...came out to about $31.  Owner was very cool and asked us how we found the place, I guess he could tell we were from out of town.  

About the food, I didn't eat much because my stomach was a little upset, but my girlfriend and daughter ate all of their meals.  They are both "dippers" so they had a blast trying all the sauces out.  I think the owner threw in a couple for free.  The food was hot, chicken tasted fresh (I think I have made similar at home though).  Fries were less than mediocre, definitely frozen, didn't have that fresh potato taste.  It is a decent place to eat but since I don't live in PHX I doubt I will return.

I also wondered why both restrooms would be out of order too...
Juciest white meat I've ever had. I was incredibly surprised by how juicy it was. Great sauces. I will be back.
We just recently moved in the area and was searching Yelp for restaurants in the area. I had never heard of a place that just did chicken strips. Sounded really good and had good reviews. We first went during spring break and they were closed for the spring break week. So I was bummed but understood. The next week we went again. The man taking care of the front was very nice. I liked how the place was decorated with rock n roll stuff and playing great music. They even had travel size games at the tables to play while waiting for your order, which did not take long at all. It was our first time so we got sum free strips and dipping sauces! The chicken was very good! So fresh tasting! The fries, texas toast, and dipping sauce were very good also. I'm definitely gonna make more trips back :-)
RnR Fingers is the real deal. 
I saw a couple of reviews comparing it to Raising Canes and I just want to say that recently The Phoenix New times put the two establishments head to head in an all out chicken finger battle to the death, and RnR Fingers emerged victorious. 

I'm not from Tempe. I don't live in Tempe. Heck, I'm not even really a big fan of Tempe. But my boyfriend used to live in Tempe and we were in the area and he asked me, "have you ever tried Rock N Roll Fingers"? I was intrigued. I love chicken fingers. I love almost anything that comes with sauce for dippin'. We were starving so he suggested we go in for lunch. 
We were greeted warmly by a guy who I now know as the owner. The owner was friendly and he and my boyfriend cracked a couple of jokes. Their little chalkboard special was a free chicken finger added to your meal for bringing in a friend or new customer. I had no idea what their portions were like, and since I was so hungry I opted for the extra meat. You get 1 free sauce with your meal, so I got the bbq and paid 50 cents extra for a cup of the house special sauce.  
We sat down at one of the tables, and played a game of connect 4. 
Then our plates came out. Holy Moly! The plate was HUGE! The chicken fingers were plump and juicy and the batter that they use was crunchy and delicious. I really loved their special sauce.  Hungry as I was I couldn't even finish the whole thing. I ended up taking 2 fingers and most of my fries home with me. I left feeling happy and full. The owner wished us a good day and thanked us for coming in. I have been back to RnR fingers many times since then and it was all because our first experience was so good. Each time I have been back the service and food quality was just as good as I remember it being on my first visit. Consistency is a thing I think a lot of restaurants have a problem maintaining, and because of it they lose customers. Rock N Roll fingers keeps it real, each and every time.


Look dudes, I have been to Raising Canes. It's good. I'm not going to sit here and pretend I don't like it just because I'm writing a glowing review for RnR Fingers. But If you want to compare RnR fingers to it's main chicken finger competitor, here's where Raising Canes misses their mark:

1. Sauces- You have ONE option for dipping sauces? Seriously? Oh, I'm sorry... you also have ketchup. Cool. NOT! Raising Canes gives you the option of special sauce, special sauce, special sauce, or ketchup. RnR Fingers has at least 6 different sauces you can choose from. 
2. Service- RC is a revolving door of young kids who don't care about their jobs. At RnR fingers, he is passionate about his business and is genuinely grateful for your patronage.
3. Consistency- Each experience I've had at RC has differed from the previous. Either my food didn't taste the same, the portions were different, or the service was lackluster. At RnR fingers I have had the same quality food and service each and every visit. I know what I'm getting when I walk in there, and I like that. 

My only criticism (if I'm going to compare the two) of RnR fingers is that RC has better garlic bread. Not the garlic sauce itself, just the bread. It tastes more like fresh baked bread than the texas toast you get at RnR. But I don't go there for the bread, I go there for the chicken. And the Chicken is delicious.
Great place. A Friend at work suggested it and I was surprised at how excited my fellow foodie got about chicken strips. I mean they are just chicken strips right? WRONG! I was amazed by the quality of the chicken. Thin layer of breading and really high quality chicken cooked in clean canola. The owner operator is super friendly and cool, always takes a minute to sts. To be honest he could use some counter help.
Wow!!! This chicken was cooked to perfection, best chicken fingers I've err had!!
I went here yesterday for linner with the BF  after trying to go here the day before and finding they were closed an extra day for memorial day....boo! Anyway, we both got the small plate but were each given an extra chicken finger. We waited a long time for our food....too long for chicken fingers in my opinion, especially being that we were the only people in the restaurant. The food was decent, I tried the buffalo and sweet chili sauces...the buffalo was good, but could have been a bit spicier, the chili was not my fave....too goopy and sweet. The chicken was moist, but didn't have a lot of crunch. The fries were just regular fries (no waffle!). No Texas toast. I just felt like, although the food was alright, it isn't anything that would make me want to return....I can just go to Chik Fil A and get tastier chicken. Sorry guys!
Oh god. The fingers. I award stars based on the context of the restaurant. For a fast/fried food place, this place reigns supreme. I found it on Yelp and I'm so glad I suggested it to the office because holy crap can Alan fry up some chicken. 

I love that the breading is light and simple; you're not eating through eight inches of batter. You get right down to business. Meaty, delicious, tender, fresh business. Their chicken is never frozen which goes a LONG way when it comes to quality frying. It's flavorful and fantastic. And whatever their special sauce is (I've heard it referred to as "fry sauce" by Utahans?) really works.

The texas toast is a great touch and the fries are above average, though I'm pretty sure they're frozen and doctored with a bit of seasoned salt kind of flavoring.

Overall, the price is right, the location is CLEAN (and apparently habitually so if you see they've aced their past dozen+ inspections) and the service is friendly, even if Alan is run ragged a bit during the rush.

I wish they were open past 7pm, and I've been hit by an odd day off here and there but we keep coming back because it's just freakin' delicious.
I was referred to RnR Fingers from a buddy of mine and had to try their chicken. The Chicken, Texas Toast and waffle fries were amazing. I don't mind spending extra if I know that I'm getting good food.

The owner (think his name was Al) was very polite and thanked me for my patronage. The place has a nice charm to it and wish the Owners nothing but the most success. 

I urge all Yelpers to support local businesses and try out RnR Fingers. They truly appreciate your business and have some amazing food.
These are hands down the best chicken fingers I've ever had. Get the "special sauce." Get a second; it's worth it. They use a recipe developed in Alabama. 

I live in the northwest valley and I'm kind of glad. Because if I lived in Tempe, I'd be 15-20 lbs heavier because I'd be gorging myself at this place once a week.
I love this place, best chicken fingers in Arizona!
The food is good but the hours are so weird it's not even worth it after countless times of disappointment. Now that it's summer the owner limited the hours even more. Idk how he even makes money..maybe hire more employee's.. The owner is nice sometimes but there has been way to many where he acts like your bothering him by ordering and then it's like he feels bad and is overly nice when your food comes out.
Best chicken fingers I've had.  Other options in the Valley can get close (i.e. Raising Cane's) but this place is unparalleled.

This is a really small place, about as local as it gets - so feel good about spending your money here!  Talk up the owner and bring your friends - he'll hook you up with extra sauce or an extra finger.
I came into this place with high expectations. Boy was I disappointed, over-priced chicken fingers. Felt like chicken tenderloins that were put in oil. For the price, not worth it.
Rock n Roll Fingers is one of a kind. Honestly has the greatest chicken fingers I've ever tasted. Juicy, crunchy, and absolutely to die for. The waffle fries are really unique too with a special seasoning the owner dusts on all of them. The Texas toast is nothing short of great either. The owner is very friendly and usually hooks customers up with an extra finger or sauce if you bring friends. He's always really grateful for your business because it's a family owned business.

Not open on Sundays: so don't expect to go here for a hangover cure. 

Bring cash so you don't have to pay an extra 75 cents to use your credit/debit card.
I normally don't write reviews, but when you have a small business that honestly appreciates their customers and provides good food, I had to break my silence.  

Our team at work today was looking for something besides the usual sandwich routine for lunch.  We didn't have a lot of time, so I opened yelp to search take-out to see if it generated any ideas.  That is when I discovered this hidden oasis of fresh chicken fingers!    

I had high hopes, as I would have been irritated if we received the run of the mill "nugget.". Well, this place did not disappoint.  My co-workers all commented on how fresh it all tasted and loved the seasoning on the generous portion of waffle fries along with the wonderful piece of Texas toast that was also included.

To quote my co-worker, "we will need to make this our go to spot for chicken!"
Great chicken fingers, tender and right amount of crisp. Owner could not be nicer and the sauces are great too
Yum! 
What a great local place. The restaurant is family owned and operated so the service is friendly and warm. 
The chicken fingers are dipped in a great batter and servers warm, I suggest the buffalo and special sauce. Then you also get a big piece if Texas toast! 

This is exactly how chicken fingers are supposed to taste. I can't wait to come back. 

Check this place out you won't regret it!!
This place is awesome. It has good music and great food. The chicken fingers are huge. They're nice and crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The Texas toast is awesome as well and the waffle cut fries are always good. 

The special sauce is good on chicken or fries. I normally get buffalo style fingers so I get ranch for them. My coworkers and I heard about this place from another coworker and gave it a shot. Do the same and you'll be happy you did. Make sure to get the word out about this place since the city doesn't really allow them to put put A-frame signs on th street to advertise and it's not that easy to notice while driving by. 

The place has only been pretty busy one of the 4 times I've been here. Every other time there was plenty of seating. I would assume there is normally plenty of seating and that all the tables being full only happens from time to time during the week. 

The only thing I would change about the place is change out the coke for Pepsi (I'm a big Pepsi fan). I can't complain though because the food is great, you get what you pay for and that is an awesome meal that is different from the normal fast food burgers a lot of my coworkers want for lunch.
this place is wonderful. it's family owned and usually stays open til 7. on occassion, there will be a wait, but it is SO worth it. i am obsessed with chicken fingers, and these BY FAR, have got to be my favorite in tempe (yes, even above the beloved tenders at four peaks). i would recommend getting your tenders buffalo style with the sweat and sour sauce... but i've tried all combos, and they are all delicious, it just depends on what flavor you feel like that day. I LOVE THIS PLACE.
I moved to Tempe about 8 months ago. Previous to moving, I researched good restaurants in the area. Rock-N-Roll Fingers was among them with an excellent rating. So I tried it out and it is as good as everyone says. The chicken is crispy and meaty, the fries and well seasoned and the Texas toast is by far the best out there. This place is perfect. Also the main guy who owns it is awesome. He too is from Chicago like me, so we have a good talk every time I am in there. He also usually gives me an extra finger and more fries, which is awesome. Overall, I recommend this place to everyone, sure its not super healthy, but its super delicious and worth it. Will be going back there constantly!!!
Way better than Raising Cane's. 

My boyfriend works at Raising Cane's chicken strips and one day we found out about this place, and wanted to compare the food. We walked in, and were greeted by the owner who took our order and asked if it was our first time. We told him it was, and he recommended the special, which came with 3 tenders(i'm pretty sure), toast, waffle fries and your choice of sauce.They have their special sauce, ranch, barbecue, a tangy sweet/sour sauce, and a honey mustard sauce to chose from. We both went with the special sauce to compare it to Cane's. 

When we sat a the table to wait, there were mini Connect4 games there waiting for us to play with while we waited for our food. What an awesome idea!!

We got our food fast, and it was hot! Our plates were loaded, and it looked and smelled delicious. The owner gave us each two extra tenders to try on the house, which were dipped in wing sauce. They were out of this world. He also gave us one of each kind of sauce to try. Rock-n-Roll Fingers' special sauce tasted almost identical to the sauce at Raising Canes, but it was a little thicker in consistency, and just tasted better. The regular chicken tenders were heavenly! I prefer their breading to Cane's, as it was lighter and crispier, and the chicken was wayyy juicier here. The waffles fries were to die for, and so was the Texas toast.

If you're a fan of Raising Cane's, you have got to try Rock-n-Roll Fingers. You will never eat at Cane's again. You don't need to take my word for it, go try it for yourself!
Better then decent chicken fingers.  Small place with no atmosphere.  The coating on the chicken is light and not greasy.  Special sauce really good- better then I thought it would be. Waffle cut fries are tasty too with seasoning salt.  Definitely worth a trip.
Good portion, hot and fresh, chicken was juicy and very tasty. The large plate should come with two sauces.
I came to this place, because I had chicken strips on my mind all morning, and came here after reading all the great reviews. I LOVE chicken strips, I think I could live off them. So I came here, the place was small, (which is good) and was helped by a guy who was very nice. He explained to me that is family owned, and how fresh the chicken was. At this point, I couldn't wait to get to my food! I ordered the regular box buffalo style, and he even threw in an extra chicken strip! He also gave me extra dipping sauce (thai chili) which he said goes good with buffalo. I ate my meal and it was like heaven in my mouth. The chicken, the fries the sauce, the service. Everything was excellent! I just wish they could stay open later. Great Place!
Great food and great staff!
Chicken's awesome here! So moist and tender. Their Texas Toast and fries were so crispy and very good. I deducted 1 star since the service was very slow. The place only had one guy running the front and cooking up the food. But no matter, I'll definitely be back.
I've said it b4 an ill say it again, some of the best chicken fingers I've ever had, I love this family owned chicken place!!!! Rock and roll fingers ROCK!!!
Rock-n-Roll fingers is one of the best places in town if you ask me.   It's some of the best chicken fingers that I've ever had - not that I''m an authority or anything, but these are my favorite.  The chicken strips are super moist but not soggy, and they are usually BIG.  Two of them plus fries is more than enough for me usually, and it costs about $6.  

One of the best parts about this place is the owner.  He's almost always working the cash register, and he's just a super nice, hard ass working guy.  He's always been pleasant to talk too, and he makes you feel like a regular after just a visit or two.  He'll even dip one of your strips in the buffalo sauce if you want just one thats spicy - I recommend it!  

All in all its good people making great food.
Awesome flavor found in big juicy chicken strips coupled w/ an order of fries and you can't go wrong. Awesome little joint!
Overly priced for chicken fingers which are  nothing great at all. Canes for the win.
Chick-Fil-A is one of the fast food chains I will on occasion patronize-A.  You know why?  Because when I have some of their nuggets or strips and a fry I don't feel nauseous and greasy and heavy like I would if I had gone to BK or MCD or most of the other chains.

And I really like the waffle fries.  If only Chick-fil-A had some cheese sauce for the fries.  Yum.

The quality has been consistent.  So, while the food at Chick-fil-A is kind of bland at least it's decent and doesn't make me feel ill.
I like Chick-Fil-A but it's too expensive for fast food. There isn't anything about their food that makes me think a single chicken sandwich should be that price. Their fries need a ton of salt for me to enjoy them. I'd be lying if I said that their chicken wasn't good but I rarely come here unless I have one of those GET A FREE SANDWICH coupons. Otherwise I always feel like I'm getting ripped off.

Also 

PS: Chick-Fil-A, being closed on Sunday does not make this Utah. You're still in Arizona where employees usually don't mind working on Sundays and customers get frustrated if a place is closed all day.
Lot s of Chick-fil-a stores around and all have the same food which is very good. BUT this one on Stapley has got to be judged by the perfect service and their great people. Even when the place is packed, you will be eating within 5 minutes and they will even bring it to your table. When you are ready to leave, they ask if they can take your take tray for you and are always cleaning and getting ready for the next customer. AND they will come around and ask if they can refill your drink for you.
IT DON'T GET ANY BETTER THAN THIS.
My assessment--chicken is chicken but the PEOPLE MAKE THE DIFFERENCE HERE! Ted Christy is the owner!
South of hwy. 60 on Stapley at Inverness. I moved into an office right behind them and love the location.

BOB  STEPHENS
I honestly don't like to write reviews about fast food places, because really, for the most part you get what you pay for, and there's nothing extraordinary, or un-extraordinary about the food usually...its just a quick easy fix.

That being said - really not impressed with the Chick-fil-A on Stapley. I went through the Drive Thru tonight - Friday night around 9:30. There's literally no one inside and only one car in front of me. And yet they had me waiting at the window forever for my food. Most fast food joints - you're in, you're out, done deal. Not the case here, at least not tonight.

I finally got my food, and the fries could barely pass as warm. I thought maybe the wait was because the guy was doing a new batch of fries, but no, these were quite stale, no salt, and pretty much cold within a short time.

The soda - Diet Dr. Pepper - was watered down. 

There were like 8 people behind the counter just messing around not doing anything.

And it cost me over $7 for a crappy meal. Lesson learned, will not be returning there.
Chick Fil A is one of my favorite fast food places. Their regular chicken sammiches are off the hook, their slaw is perfect with the right amount of creaminess, and their waffle fries are different but delicious. Plus their sauces are out of this world! I love the polynesian or chick fil a sauce to dip my fries in. Also terrific is their chargrilled chicken sammich which is also one of the healthiest fast food entrees around. Make sure you get the honey BBQ sauce to go with it. Whenever I need a healthy lunch, I always go here. I also love that you can get other sides besides the fries like fruit (the fruit cup has good fruits in it too like apple, strawberries, grapes, oranges), salads, etc. And how could I forget their oreo shake. Out of this world. This is the only place I get shakes from. 
About the only thing I have not cared for is their chicken salad sammich. It has egg in it which is a bit odd and just doesnt taste very fresh. Other than that, this place is great. 
I have never had any issues with service at any of the locations. The food is a bit overpriced but its better quality and tastes a lot fresher and lighter than other fast food chains.
I do want to add one more thing: I am pretty sure that someone that worked for KFC early on before they become big formed Chick Fil a because their chicken breading tastes almost the same and the slaw is almost identical. Coincidence? I think not!
I don't understand low ratings for a chick-fil-a. They make the same thing everywhere and it's consistantly the same and good. Love it. Never had stale food or unfriendly service.
Always good for fast food...drive thur was very quick..  love the ketchup packets, I don't understand why every place dosent use these amazing packets
Rarely eat at any Chik-Fil-A.. but when i do it's always good.

Now theres a chikfila less than a mile from my office, so i decided to stop by for lunch today. Got the 8 piece chicken nuggets- my first time ordering them, my only complaint is that they are kinda smalll.. but really good! next time ill get the 12 piece

love their waffle fries.. i dip them in mayo too.. yum..

No drink cuz i have a can of Rootbeer in my office waiting for me..

total meal was $5.02 not bad... i know chikfila can be expensive but if u have your own drink it can be a $5 meal.. You can make it happen :)

the best part, FRIENDLY service! I was greeted by the mop guy with a smile and a "how are you"-  i'm from NYC, no one says HI there.. (now u know why i moved to arizona in September)

The guy taking my order was cheerful too, he got my food in a Jiffy! KUDOS
Best fast food chicken nuggets.  Period.  

I love this place.  I've picked up food for the family from this location at least 2 dozen times, and they have never messed up my order.  On top of that, service is always speedy and friendly.

As far as fast food goes, it's tremendous!  Not sure how they make their chicken nuggets and patties (and probably don't want to know), but they always taste great.  Love their Ice Dream cups, also.

One minor complaint:  the fries are hit or miss in regards to seasoning.  Sometimes, they put salt on the fries.  Other times it tastes like no one did.  It's a little annoying.  But that's the only complaint I have.  I love this place.  One of our favorite options for family food pick-up night (Thursdays in our household).
I'm giving it 4 stars simply because it's Chick-Fil-A. All Chick-Fil-A's should have at least 4 stars.  Unless it's a complete shithole, which I've never seen.  Nice staff, quick service in the drive thru.  Will be back.
This location is quick and just like other locations, very friendly. Did you know they have spicy chicken?!  Discovered this recently and...wow!!!  Sooooo good!!  I'm craving it all the time now!
I love Chick-Fil-A... the spicy chicken sandwhiches, the lemonade, the soup, the brownies... So I am a bit biased due to it being one of my mom's favorite fast food joints and a special out of town treat growing up (we didn't have these in my home state of Washington!). There's just something about chicken, pickles, and mayo that works. :-)
Sometimes you just end up at Chick-Fil-A. Sometimes it's the best plan. Not necessarily that you're craving gourmet chicken (because gourmet it ain't) but because it's close or convenient or fast or cheap or whatever.

What they are doing right is reaching out to the community and making a local presence. They seem to focus on being a good neighbor. And all the moms I know swear by the place because it's good for kids. They have those adhesive placemats to keep junior's food off the table, they've got toys, and big playplace, and even a stool in the bathroom so kids can reach to wash their hands.

The food? That's not even a close second. I had a wrap that was grocery story quality at best. I may have ordered wrong, but the chow is pretty forgettable. Maybe nuggets next time?
Chick-fil-a employees are always so friendly. Love eating their original chicken sandwich. Sometimes I get the nuggets with the buffalo sauce. The waffle style fries were great and the catsup packets are so convenient to use.
This location is great. The staff here is always friendly and helpful. The chicken is always served hot and fresh. The best white meat chicken I've seen at restaurants (dine in or fast food) in a while. 

Try the popcorn chicken with waffle fries and Chick-Fil-A sauce!
Pricey, but the food is worth it!
All things chicken; save the cows!
Overall very good food, excellent service, but I think I paid $10 for 6 oz of grilled chicken. . .
Oh yeah! Free boardgames to play while you eat.
Every single time I've come to this location, they forget my salad dressing. How hard is your job? Really? This is the closet location to my parents house, where I take my son swimming often during the week. It's 20 minutes away. We got all the way home and once again, no dressing. Must be my fault for continuing to come to this location and expecting someone to do their job correctly.
I love Chick-Fil-A.  Best chicken sandwiches anywhere!  They don't have them up in the northwest, so my wife and I always go out of our way to hit one up when we are in the area!  The people are always friendly and the food is, in my opinion, the best fast food available.  I also love that this place is closed on Sunday's (except when I'm hungry) so that workers are guaranteed an opportunity to spend time with family, etc.  There aren't many companies in corporate america that would do that!
This was my second experience at Buffalo Wild Wings. I am not a raving fan, but the place is alright. If you are looking for beer and greasy food; this is the place. They have some great sauces for their wings. 

They also sport plenty of TVs so you can catch your favorite sporting event.
Was there several times for lunch but never really convinced. Today they saw me for the last time. I wanted the Jerk Chicken sandwich with the special sauce: "Now stop snickering, it's really good" says on the menu. But it was an awful mix of tastes (salty-cajun-cinnamon-bluechease) that collided in my mouth..I couldn't down it. They offered to replace it and I ordered another chicken sandwich which came very late (my buddy was done eating long ago) and I had a hard time to find the chicken (takes magnifier glasses to see it in the sandwich) and so I left hungry., grrrrh

In general the place is way overpriced for the food quality they offer. Even the beer is expensive and I assume the place lives from the people that work close buy and don't want to drive to far away.
We have large group gatherings here often for sports watching and for wireless/laptop meetings. This place is just ok, but it's close to work, the wait staff is friendly, and all is well. They're even good with my 4 year old running around.
Decent selection of beers on tap, including Rogue Dead Guy Ale, there are some late evening happy hour prices on drafts too, if I remember correctly.

The surroundings are nice, very spacious.  We had 4 people and ordered 50 wings (grilled) which turned out to be a pretty good deal.  They let us mix and match 4 different sauces too, so that was cool. 

Friends of mine told me that the wings here sucked, but I enjoyed them.  The service was good, no complaints.

Karaoke starts at 10pm Friday nights.
ick. i wanted regular bbq wings with regular bbq sauce and they put hot sauce in the bbq. the vinegar  on hot wings gives me a headache so i can only eat bbq. she kept trying to tell me that i wanted them medium heat.. i dunno.. not going there again i dont think.. at least not to eat
My favorite place for wings.  Every one of their 15+ or so sauces looks delicious, unfortunately I fell in love with four flavors and just can't bring myself to try anything else!  The WIld is the 2nd hottest sauce they have and isn't a tripe dog dare type of hot, but packs a punch for those of us who love really hot stuff! 

Honey BBQ is my wife's favorite and my 2nd favorite behind the Hot/Wild.  It is the perfect mix of sweet and bbq and the chicken is always cooked perfectly.

The pick up service is always fast and they are always friendly.  I go there to pick up wings before almost every Bears game during the NFL season.  It's the best!
Walking in, I could tell this is my type of place. There is a casual atmosphere where you can enjoy hanging out with friends and enjoy some food/drink or watch a game. There are many large and smaller tv's to catch the game. The NFL package is offered here..

Tuesday is .40 wing night. You must order in 6's, 6, 12, 18 etc and you can mix/match your sauces.

As for the wings, the wings were very good, but not the best I've had. The wings do rank towards the top. There are several flavor selections to choose from starting at the very mild to the very hot.
Most other places I've had wings (minus Hooters), the customer was provided a side of ranch, bleu cheese with your wings. At BWW, they charge you for your first dressing. I think you should get one side free and if you want any additional dressings, then you charge. I feel that is more than fair.

There is a monthly beer special of 23 oz of beer for $3.25. October is Coors Light as I found out last night. A pretty good price for really 2 beers. What I could tell, there is a decent amount of beers to choose from on tap.

Someone at my table ordered fries. I had a few and although they weren't great, they weren't terrible either, just average small cut fries. To me, they reminded me of Dairy Queen fries.

The service was very good and the waiter was very attentive to our needs and without asking split the check up for our entire party. A nice touch.

I'm sure I'll be back enjoying some wings and a beer or two.
Wow, what a disappointment!  
First... I'm not a beer/sports nut, so big downside there. I was impressed by their beer selection & prices seemed very reasonable.

The wings... you call yourself a wing place and serve up this slop??? It tasted like a bag of wings from the freezer section at Fry's!  Yea, the sauces have an ok variety, but it mostly seems to boost up the male testosterone by how hot you can order.

No presentation of food, mediocre service, uninspiring corporate wings... all in all, my impression was some corporate accountant put these places together... not a foodie.  VERY limited bar if you don't go for beer.
Hands down the best wings in Arizona. The place gets pretty packed during high profile sporting games, so its a fun environment for people who love the energy.

I'm a huge fan of the boneless wings. BBQ Hot and the Caribbean Jerk are my personal faves, but with over 15 types of sauces to choose from, you be the judge
I wasn't going to write a review for BW3s since we ended up not dining there the evening we stopped in, but I felt compelled to warn others about special event nights there. 

We happened to swing by for a birthday gathering when we were informed of the special event night for boxing. The price was going to be $10 a person whether you were watching or not. I get that, and we all understood and then promptly stepped to the side to discuss another place to go.

However, I was extremely dumbfounded when a couple walked in with their infant baby...INFANT BABY and were told the total cost for them to watch the event would be $30 ($10/ea). They seriously *charged* for the INFANT BABY!! Ridiculous. Makes me sad because I really heart BW3s most of the time.
I so wanted to try a Buffalo Wild Wings but for the longest time, there wasn't one close to where I live.  So...when we were in Mesa last week, we seized the opportunity to try it.

I had heard good things about Buffalo Wild Wings thus I was looking forward to trying it.  So, sadly, I must say that I was disappointed.  I ordered the spicy garlic wings but what I got looked and tasted like ordinary buffalo wings.  They had no garlic flavor what so ever.  It's a good thing I only ordered 6 wings!  My husband, who isn't a fan of wings, tried their burger and pronounced it to be *meh*---pretty forgettable.

After reading the reviews here, I'm glad we went for an early dinner.  When we went on a weeknight, we were the first dinner customers of the evening.  Service was friendly and prompt.

Still...if I hear that my experience wasn't par for the course, I would be willing to try it again, but not in this location!
A group of friends and I go for Buzztime trivia and Boneless wings on Thursdays. On Tuesday and Thursdays they have you can say sales on wings. Tuesday if you like bone in Thursday for boneless. One down fall for those days is that if you want ranch or blue cheese it cost extra because the wings are cheap. The other days the sides are included.

The choices of different flavors are good as well as the variety of appetizers. They happy hour is excellent with cheap appetizers and four dollar margaritas. You do have to be aware of any sport games that are going on or special events because it can get crowded.

Over all good trivia, good food, good drinks.
The flavor was good on the sauces but where are the chicken wings? I got wings the size of quail wings and charged like they were!
We go to this location on a once-a-month basis. It's clean, fun, and the food is predictably good. There's always a good atmosphere. Having a two year old in this restaurant is definitely NOT a problem. The noise level from the tv's and sports fans drown out any temper tantrum my child's going to throw. I recommend the booths, which are practically sound proof, if you're not planning on watching a game and want to chat with your table. The only reason I'm not giving this location a five is the service. Most of the time, they are fantastic, but there's two problems. I rarely see the same waiter twice, which I think is weird, but also about every other time we've gone there the service has been a 5 out of 10. Things like drinks not getting filled, and considering we're eating hot wings, drinks are pretty crucial. Luckily, this past Wednesday we had a phenomenal server, her name was something like Erin. Can't quite remember. If you can get her as your server, it'll be a great experience.
Your typical Buffalo Wild Wings franchise.  TV's are placed well, and no bad seat in the place.  Drink specials most of the time, and they show most UFC and boxing PPV's.
Nice enough atmosphere, but poor service on a Friday evening especially since the place wasn't crowded... I guess that should have been a clue !
Anyway, the hot wings had a nice bite to them... finally, something flavorful and hot enough...
By far the best wings I've ever tasted!!!

This was first time I've ever been here and it did not displease. Our waitress was very helpful and let us try out some of the flavors before ordering. We ended up getting the 50 piece with 5 different flavors. I was surprised to find that the salt and vineagar tastes extremely good! Desert heat was my first favorite! The next time we come here I am going to try the Mango Habenero. We didn't get it this time casue my fiance doesn't like spicy things too much. 

I can't wait to come back and try out some more of these amazing flavors! And the burgers ;-)
I attempted to go back to BWW y with my Brother in law who wanted some good wings. We showed up and the location is now closed! WTF? FAIL!!!
For quite a few years, before we relocated out of the area, this Buffalo Wild Wings was our hangout spot of choice. We never recieved anything but world class service, the food was always top notch and the atmosphere as a whole was awesome. This was like Cheers to us, everyone knew our name and were always glad we came. I recently returned to the area for a weekend, and was quite broken hearted to see our old hangout spot, one which brought us so many great memories had closed it's doors forever. I won't forget the good times I've had at BWW on Grove Avenue. This place truly started my affair with Buffalo Wild Wings as our restaurant of choosing.
Dominos hot wings are my favorite wings! Normally I have a really great experience and am super satisfied, but this location is terrible! I ordered wings from them and they were dry and had almost no hot sauce on them. Also in the past I have gotten pizzas from them that should have had extra cheese, but the cheese was barely speckled on! At least they replaced my food both times for free, but really they should be able to do it right the first time! This is the only location I've ever had problems with though.
Dominos has come a LONG way! Their thin crust veggie pizza is SO YUMMY AND HIGHLY addictive!!!  It's a nice treat on occasion!! :O)
This Dominos location has never disappointed us.  The freshness and quality of their pizza is always spot on- not to mention their customer service.  They are always quick to deliver and friendly at the door!
With the new low prices comes cheaper ingredients. The flavor is NASTY! When I asked for my money back, they gave me attitude from someone named Parland
We just went and got one of the new $7.99 pizzas-after reading the other review-I thought well it might be the last.

OMG-we loved it and we will do it again.  We all thought it was great!
Dominos.com says the store is open until 11 o'clock. I called at 10:45, waiting on hold for 15 minutes, and nobody picked up. What gives? Also, the website won't let you place an online order if you live in Tortosa. Yet they will deliver when you call. This is been an issue for years, and I've asked them to fix it several times. Their only solution is to have you place a take-out order online, and then call them and have them change it to a delivery order.
I love the sandwiches here.  I don't think I've ever ordered the pizza.  My order is always correct and ready when I arrive.

There is no dine in option.  Carry out and delivery only.
THE second worst-tasting pizza I've ever had, the first being Basha's deli pizza which actually made me sick. The only reason I didn't give it one star is that I managed not to vomit after eating a slice!
Bad service

After 20 minutes trying to order 2 pizzas off of the Dominos' website. Every time I tried to make my order it would reset and make me start again. I called the manager of the store to tell him about the website. His reply to my complant was basiclly what ever. I have 3 hungry kids screeming for pizza and no sorry or comp. anything.

There are a lot of places to eat and pizza (fast food) shouldn't be this hard.
The team at this location is always professional, courteous and on top of my orders. I order large quantities for work and have never received the wrong order, a messed up order or had any challenges. They are always accommodating of any special requests and pick up times. This is the place to feed the masses at great prices.
I order from here every week. They do an awesome job. Occasionally my pizza is a little cool, but I never have a mistake. They just hired a new guy, Sean, he's young but has an amazing attitude and work ethic. I would recommend this location.
We ordered some pizza, sandwiches, cinnamon sticks last night. 

From start to finish, it took about 20 minutes to make and deliver in total, awesomely quick!

The pizzas looked good and tasted yummy but the toppings were a little on the skimpy side.  :(

Haven't tried the sandwiches yet (having for lunch) so I'll update the review later for that. 

The delivery guy was SUPER nice! We live in a gated community and our place can be hard to find but our driver was able to find us like a champ and he was such a nice guy. 

This place isn't  my first choice for pizza but it is a nice backup place for quick and yummy delivery :)

BTW-The website DOES let you pick which location you want to order from so I don't know what the last reviewer is talking about..
Had the sandwich for lunch yesterday. Was such a sad looking sandwich. 

The top and bottom bread touched each other from lack of ingredients and was SO SKIMPY. Tasted yummy but bread alone does not make a sandwich.

Everything we got from here TASTED good but the serious skimping on ingredients is a bit frustrating especially when you're not getting what you paid for.
Been ordering from this location for the past year or so. Today was the first time I ordering the pan pizza. Gotta say, I loved it! the only disappointing part was the chicken and red bell pepper pizza that I ordered. There was very little toppings on this, whereas the other pizza I ordered, a pepperoni and mushroom pizza, had just the right amount of toppings. Like I said, the chicken/bell pepper pizza was a complete disappointment. But because the staff her is always friendly and they have yet to mess up my order, I won't be knocking them a star...this time.
Pizza is always pretty good and timely. I order late night because I work nights. But this is the second time I've ordered chicken wings and they are 2 for 2 as the worst wings (hands down) that I've ever eaten. Fatty, soggy, barely able to calls themselves chicken...wings. If you're looking for "food" just order anything except the chicken wings. They make the least pickiest of eaters (me) want to ralph.
just got my pizza and its hot and suppppper goooood. Jason was friendly and professional. thx jason
Went there one night since everybody was wanting chicken. Ordered 2 12 strip meals. First had to wait for 25 mins in line on the drive-in. Then ordered. They took the order wrong. Left us waiting for another 25 mins on the side curb to get the correct order. I think I will stay away from kfc. Food was so so ...
One of the worst KFC's in the country.  Always getting short changed on the cole slaw.   6 piece bucket had a back bone as one of the pieces.  Previous orders were never right.   Buy at another location and not this one.  We're moving and hope the KFC is better.  Eat something else.  Will not be going back and will buy our chicken up in the valley
I have no idea how much the new commercials for boneless chicken is costing but perhaps if KFC wants to sell it they should prepare it.  

I am new to Maricopa and it was parent day at the school. I thought I would surprise my step daughter with a fun chicken lunch.  I pulled up to the drive through and nearly ordered a chicken breast meal when I saw the boneless chicken on the menu. Recalling the ads, I thought I would try this.  I ask to substitute a boneless breast for the regular one.  I am informed this cant be done.    Of course it can be, but they won't. So, I order the boneless meal and figure I will order an extra side. After ordering, I am informed there will be a wait as they have to cook it.  Hmmmm.    It is lunch time. If you have none ready then, when would you have it ready?   I changed the order BACK and ordered a kids meal as well, with Mac and cheese as a side. 

Woman waiting on me is chatting with someone else when I pull up.  I assume I am not important to her.  That's fine, she didn't impress me much, either.

The lid is not placed on the kids meal correctly and I end up with it spilling out in the bag on the way to the school.  Then I get to the school and there is only one fork.  I guess we are supposed to share.  Promoting family unity??

By far the worst KFC I have frequented.  Training of employees is desperately needed.  Perhaps a manager to be in charge of the employees and might be placed on the wish list, as well.
the manager MUST go! all other times i get all dark, i get all dark meat, but when that manager (tall dirty blonde haired moron) works, tonight was training night for a new employee, he throws in white on bottom of bucket and fills the rest with dark, approx. 2-3 in a 10 piece bucket, wow i thought i was the only one dissatisfied!  good chicken though when it's fresh, he likes to hold as long as no one complains....
This is by far the worse KFC I have ever been to. No matter what I have ordered it takes for ever. The food taste old! We need corporate to come revamp the staff and retrain on the cooking or they won't stay be in business much longer.
Went to KFC for a late dinner with the family last night and even though the sign says the lobby closes at 9pm, they had most of the lobby blocked off with chairs so no one would sit where they cleaned already. There were only 4 booths open. We waited forever to get our food and when we did get it, it was horrible!  I am pretty sure they just gave us all the left overs.  The hush puppies were as hard as a rock! The piece of chicken in my sandwich was so small and old it was embarrassing! It was served cold too.  There were 5 of us and we all had old bottom of the barrel food.  The coleslaw dish was half empty.  This is the worst KFC I have ever eaten at.  The bathrooms were filthy too. It's a health hazard to eat there.
I absolutely LOVE this place.  The wings are delicious, and aren't too pricey.  The staff are always nice, and the wings always take only 14 minutes i think it was to make.  It's never busy in there, you're always in an out with no problems or worries =]  Love this place, and I drive from 23rd ave and the 101 to this location just for their wings.  Yes it is that good =]  Lemon Pepper is my absolute favorite!
Been there couple of times... Once tried the atomic wings ...One of the spicest wing i ever had...Infact was not able to eat more than two bites.. The nedium ones are good ... There is not much service or ambience..Its located at a small place next to frys and people usually tend to miss the spot due to that...The attendants are very cordial..
Great wings and great service! I would definitely return.
Finally found my wing place in Arizona. Good sauces top great wings. Made them all drums like we asked.
Only thing good is the garlic parm  wings. There's not a lot of meat on them and all the other flavors are disgusting
Was craving wings and decided to drive a bit to get them.
They are good, but I find the rubs a little too salty. 
Had the Louisiana and Parmesan Garlic.
Ate the Lousiana, not the Parmesan Garlic.
The parmesan cheese smelled like an spoiled dish rag. You all know that smell. 
Stunk my vehicle up all the way home. 
Tossed right in the trash. 
Will NOT be going back.
Does the staff not have any olfactory senses?
It's gotten better but is still an average wing. The rolls however are a must try.
The mango habanero wings are freakin awesome. Not impressed with the fries at all. 

The staff are very friendly...
My Wing Stop experiences are satisfactory but seldom go the extra mile. The wings are good, but they don't really seem much better than wings you could get anywhere else. The wait is always long, which is understandable but annoying nonetheless. The fries are decent and are usually the best side to get, because if you try ordering veggies the portion size will disappoint you. The prices aren't great, but Wing Stop is worth visiting occasionally.
OK I am a sucker for wings.  I love them all unless they are afterthoughts like at many pizza joints.

Wingstop gets my votes for multiple flavor choices and the fact that they cook them after you order them.  Sure it takes a few more minutes, but you know they are fresh and crisp.

At this particular location they were very friendly and courteous.  The interious has an airplane motif, but otherwise it is non-descript.
For being a place that does JUST wings and 1 other item , im not that impressed .. just ordered the 40 piece family meal deal and got 4 different flavors. Bbq, Louisiana rub, original hot, and mild. ALL were just okay nothing I would ever crave again.

 BUT there seasoned fries were the best fries  I have had in my life!!! I will go back JUST for fries ... 

Service was great and place was really clean so yes I would recommend this place if your in there area .
It's always empty in here. Probably because the food is so bad
Ever since I had my pizza thrown at my feet and change thrown to my face from the Manager of this restaurant in 2008, I have since never ordered a pizza from Domino's. 

That happen when I commented on how my friend felt uncomfortable of the way she looked at him. Then came flying pizzas and flying money, yeah fantastic experience
Always get fast and friendly service and food is always good. My go to for delivery or a late meal
We went here because I was craving the stuffed bread with bacon, cheese, and jalapenos.  It has been a few weeks now, but they were super busy, super friendly, seemed short staffed and still got our food within a reasonable amount of time.  Would have been all stars but my bread was a little overdone.
People say Wingstop is so great, but I went to this one, and I'd have to say I don't get it.  Neat decor with the oldschool flight theme, and cozier less terribly noisy environment than BWW.  Wings were large and meaty.  But sauces just weren't very interesting.
Does this shirt make me look fat?

It must because the folks at this place wanted to make sure I got my walking in today.  I brought some employees over here for lunch and every time one of our food items came out they would set it on the counter and call my name.  We ordered together, so maybe our food could come out together?

Jim!  *walks over to counter, "Here's your drinks."  * walks back to table , Jim!  *walks back to counter, "Here's your strips." *walks back to table, Jim!  *walks over to counter, "Here's one of your fries."  *walks back to table, Jim! *walks over to counter, "Here's one of your wings." *walks back to table, Jim! *walks back to counter, "Here's another fry." etc.  And each time I'm being given my 1 or 2 items on a tray.  I've got 5 trays at the table now...Hello?

The wings and strips were pretty good, a couple of the sauces needed more punch.  Not bad overall.

*Drives back to office.

Extra! Extra!  Update 6 hours later:  the Garlic from the Parmesan Garlic Sauce hangs around for quite awhile.  *best Homer voice, faraway look*      Mmmmm Garlic.
I had such high hopes for this place.  I see them sporatically all over the valley, and assumed they were a half decent place to get wings and a beer.  I still think that, but my stomach does not.  I was dissapointed with my experience here, and for now, am scratching any plans on returning.

I wanted to try something different for dinner last night, something new.  I didnt want fancy, or to blow a lot of money, just something out of the norm.  I swung by wingstop after feeling like I needed some chicken wings, and not from Wendys.  lol.  So, I ended up here.

I walked in and the place isnt huge, but seats quite a few.  Studied the menu, asked a few questions, and ended up ordering the 3 peice chicken wing combo for a reasonable price.  I went with the BBQ flavor.

So, the food comes out like 10 minutes later.  I couldnt even finish it.  The fries were so salty and tasted weird..they were spicy I think?  My toungue didnt know what to do!  The wings were doused in BBQ sauce!  I mean buried!   It was like they went to Wendys or McDonalds, got some BBQ sauce, and poured it over the top of the wings, and wala,BBQ chicken wings.  It was just to much for me to finish.  It was to much with the sauce.  Even after I scraped some off, I still couldnt down the rest.  

My stomach gurgled the rest of the night.  It didnt like what I fed it.  I woke up in the middle of the night wanting to hurl, but ended up not doing so, thank goodness.  It was to much for my tummy to handle.  :-(

I don't think I will be back any time soon.
I visited Wing Stop again after 9 months or so. It was as good as I remembered only less so as in it wasn't that good last time and was less good this time I tried the Cajun sauce and I don't really know what it is supposed to be but it was kind of hot and kind of buffalo sauce and kind of jerk-herby and hard to pin down like this sentence it was a little aimless in it's flavor and just didn't do much for me so this was probably my last visit to Wing Stop.  Yup.
Funny story..  

For years I thought this place was somehow related to Pizza Hut, but I guess there's is called something else.  I hear they get that all the time.  Finally, I decide to go inside because I'm hungry and I guess pizza hut wings would do.. 

Soooo glad I was wrong.

Wing Stop is a place that specializes in just wings.. win? I think so.  They have about 6-8 different flavors if I recall, but my personal favorite is the dusted Garlic Parmesan.  I can easily put 10 away. 

Now the way th ey do their wings is they dont do dozens, but instead they offer them in 10s and for an additional 2.95 ask if you want 5 more? clever huh?  I usually end up doing that.  

Oh don't forget to try their french fries.. holy crap..  they are fresh cut fries that are actually sweet!   de-frigging-licious.   My girlfriend always gets them with a side of hot cheese sauce.  I end up eating a few, walking away with a big smile.

I'm noticing the bad reviews here, but I personally have always been happy here.  

Why not 5 stars?  Because they're not the best wings Ive ever had.  That's a toss up between Native New Yorkers, Oregano's and Zipps wings.  These guys are up there though.
I have lived in Chandler for 3 years and for the first time 2 weeks ago, we decided to try it. We got half of the house recipe wings and half of the hot. The beans were great and the fries too! Only disapointment was the dinner roll, yes the dinner roll. The photos looked nice and fluffy and buttery, ours must have missed the butter and were kinda burnt. Not enough to stop us from going back. I will give the free pass on the bad batch of rolls!
This place is good but they are really slow. I thought it was just the last couple times I've been here but it's every time. Expect to wait 15 or 20 minutes at least for your wings. Fries and garlic parm wings are my favorite on the menu.
Dad's dinner secret.
 
Avoided this for years because I thought it was Pizza Hut's wings but 6 months ago we check it out and it's a winner.

My kids love the teriyaki wings but my favorite are the Hawaiian WIngs. The fries are great and a Dos XX while I wait for takeout is always a good thing :)
Some of these reviews kill me.  People go to a wing place and order chicken strips, or get some random sauce they didn't like and blame the restaurant.   

Now for what to expect:  I never have/will order anything but a chicken wing from this place and I'd recommend you don't go here unless you want a chicken wing.  Also, it is more setup for a smaller lunch/dinner crowd and I imagine they get most of their business from take out orders.  Lastly, they cook the wings to order which take 15 minutes to prepare.  'Nuff said.

Now I have 3 reasons I love this place.  First, their wings are cooked to perfection.  They are juicy and cooked just enough to have that perfect crispness one should except from a chicken wing.  I've never had them screw it up the many times I've been there.  Second, their fries are delicious.  They remind me of boardwalk fries which you don't get around here much and they put what I think is a salt/sugar seasoning on them which is excellent.  Last but not least is their sauces.  While oddly bright red their regular hot flavor is well done.  The garlic parm is simple and delicious.  And my favorite and the most unique is lemon pepper.  It is oddly tangy and I can't figure out how they do it.

They aren't cheap but I think you get your money's worth.
The Wing stop I would not stop just keep driving... The wings were ok and I think a bit over priced for what you get some wings... I am sorry when your bill is almost $20 dollars for wings and fries it better rock. I would have enjoyed the fires but they were super salty this is one stop I will not make again.
Wingstop is my only stop for wings in the valley.  I like the lemon pepper wings, although they are a bit salty sometimes.  The sides aren't that great so I stick with only wing take out orders, done in about 15 minutes.  The fries are strangely dark brown and tend to taste like chicken.  The price is about $2 more than I would like to pay but I keep going back so price is not that big of a turn off.  

Give the lemon pepper wings a try, you will love em.
I like wings.  I took the kids to eat here - 3 of the 4 - and my girlfriend.  We all ate for less than 30 bucks, with food to spare.

3 flavors in the family pack was good.  4 wings for each of the kids, two separate flavors, and hot for us.

The place is kind of small, so none of their tables seat more than 4.  That was ok though.  I have no complaints about this place.  When I want wings, this is one of the places I like to go to.
If you have not tried the Lemon Pepper wings and the fries here, you need to stop whatever it is you're doing and go to Wingstop NOW!!  A friend of mine always used to get them and the idea of lemon pepper just didn't appeal to me but one day I felt like something different so I decided to try them.  Once I did I was mad at myself that I hadn't done it sooner!  The wings are perfectly crispy, the balance of flavors between the lemon and the pepper is mouthwatering and the fries are some of the best I've ever had with a sort of sweet and savory seasoning on them that I can't figure out but I'm obsessed with.  The one thing I will say is that if you like your fries crispy you'll need to order them "well done."  If you don't they're still good but a little too soft for me personally.  I also love that they have Strawberry Fanta, it just tops off the perfect meal.
I like the wings.  The fries are ok too.  I just want more sauce choices.
My husband and I went to Wingstop for our first time tonight and boy do we regret it! The wings and fries were horrible and the sauce left a nasty taste on our mouths. We had higher hopes for this place and we are not going back again.
OMG!!!!! As an unofficial wing connoisseur, BWW was the front runner - not any more people.  I ordered via their app for take out - yes their app which is SUPER convenient and my order was waiting for me when I got there.  Their wings are Atkins friendly and most of their sauces too.  Thier wing prices are also less than BWW.  Mmm Hmm. So we ordered the 30 wing count with 3 different sauces, 2 orders of celery only, and 2 orders of blue cheese.  The sauces were really good - the cajun - buttery spicey goodness.  Totally cravable.  Their blue cheese dipping sauce, REAL blue cheese and NOT runny watery grossness.  Ya know, sometimes it's the little things that make me HAPPY.  They have many sizes of wings especially if you want to get some for a party.  They are also known for their yeast rolls which I've had pre-atkins and those are heavenly.  Wingstop is our new go to for wing cravings!!!
Two co-workers and I went here for lunch craving some wings. We were the only ones there the entire time. Thought that was a little weird being that it was around noon. My bill was $10+ for a 8 wing combo.  I got Hawaiian and BBQ. The Hawaiian tasted like pineapple, not good. I get that pineapple goes with Hawaii but not on chicken wings. One co-worker got the same thing and thought they weren't good as well. The other got hot and Louisiana rub. He said the rub tasted like crawfish. Fries were pretty good but super salty. I guess I see why nobody was there now.
I love wingstop. The wings are so good and crunchy. Just like they should be. Go light flavor with some on the side for max crunch.
Walked in and all three employees were in the back sitting on the food prep counters... Fries were not bad, but a little undercooked and the Louisiana rub had so much seasoning/salt I could blow it off every wing and it was just over powering! The teriyaki and BBQ sauces were both good but all the wings were over cooked. I will not go back here..... I'd rather pay a little more for Buffalo Wild Wings!
I have been here about 5 times, on Wing Tuesday.  I give five stars mainly because of the wings.  From Buffalo Wild Wings, to Hooter's, to any other wing place I've grubbed at, Native New Yorker kills them all.  They may not have as extensive list of flavors as Buffalo's, but the quality is far above.  Their wings are breaded, which is my favorite kind, and every wing that I've ever placed in my mouth from there has been juicy and perfectly cooked.  No dry bones, no undercooked drummies, no 'bottom of the bin' batches.  
The asiago wings are something on a whole different level of chicken wing.  I usually order about a dozen of these, and then another dozen broken down into the other various flavors they have.
The service each time I have been there was awesome.  Twice, our server waived the 'gotta buy a drink to get the discount' thing.  It usual takes a while for our orders to get ready because there is usually so many of us, but no one's food has ever been cold.  We get prompt refills, napkins, extra sauce or whatever else we request.  Friendly.  
The atmosphere is great to me.  There are so many HD tvs around that you can see something of interest no matter where you're sitting.  I even requested that the channel be changed to a different game once, and they did it right away and with a smile.
I love this place, and would go there even if it wasn't 'Wing Tuesday'.  It is a wing lover's paradise.
Wings in Buffalo aren't usually breaded. I can't stand breaded Buffalo wings. The sauces were good, I can't deal with the breading. The redeemer for this place is that they serve Roast Beef on Kimmelweck. I did not try it, I am sure it was decent though.
Not impressed at all ! Food was marginal at best. I had a patty melt that was dry and flavorless, very few onions and barely any cheese. My wife had a similar experience with her hamburger. Service was average. Had an appetizer, Artichoke dip that was not memorable. Not worth a 2nd trip.
Just under .40 Cents per wing, Tues-Thursadays with a drink! wow what a deal.

A nice excuse to hang out with friends to enjoy great finger food.  I also like the different layouts of the many locations.  I'm not a big yelper of chains but heres another one that is worth the typing.  

These guys also claim that they were the first to bring Award winning Buffalo wings to Arizona, the website states it, so it must be true.

Enjoy, 
Kevin
There are many different locations, and some are better than others,  but still good just the same.  The layout is both dining and bar friendly, and some have outdoor patios for smoking and such.  Great place to watch a game, play trivia, or hang with friends.
Friendly staff,  fast service (even at their busiest)  I think NNY has the best wings and sauces period.  Great beer selection,  great menu selection,  and I have never had a bad anything at NNY.  The food here is what every bar and grill should strive for.
There are times when you need a fried chicken fix and over the years KFC is the place I turn to most often.  I always get original recipe and usually mac and cheese and cole slaw.   I have been to this location a few times.  Here the entire kitchen is open and they always seem disorganized.  In the dining room one of the trash containers was full to the point stuff was spilling out on to the floor.  One patron had to call her friend on her cell to ask at the counter for toilet paper.  I am sure I will go here again in the future because there are the closest KFC to work but I am glad I don't need a greasy fried chicken fix often these days.
Yes, I am yelping KFC.

KFC gets a bad wrap. What's better than a good old fashioned bucket of original recipe chicken. Hit the spot for that hangover. Mmmmm good, grease dripping off the elbows!

BOTTOM LINE: I'm good for 10 more years
Always on the slow side. I'd agree with Sott W. - they just don't seen to figure out how to make it work. They are busy, but not effective at all. It can take quite a while to get your food.
this might be the worst KFC in the world.
Avoid this store at all cost. Seriously, if you are dying of a horrible disease and the only known cure is eleven herbs and spices, *GO TO ANOTHER KFC*
This small surprise of a find really made me happy. Originally I had gone to the shopping complex for Euro Cafe...it is closed and it looks like there is a frame store in its place.

It is located on the northeast corner of Longmore and Southern directly behind McDonald's and right next to Life Uniform.

BTW -- What is it with strip malls with strip malls behind the strip mall? Also, what's up with the inability to properly NUMBER a freaking building? The numbers here are hidden so well, you practically have to run into the building with your car...even though it won't actually guarantee that you will find the number.  URGH

Anyway, I digress...sorry! For a scant $10 I was surprised to get a 12 inch philly cheesesteak with fries and a drink.

The meat was lovely and not mega greasy like some other Philly Cheesesteak places. The cheese also wasn't added on top as an afterthought, either. They had taken the time to actually blend it with the meat, onions and mushrooms -- heavenly! The result is something that doesn't stretch for miles on end after you take a bite, only to sloppily land on your shirt or even worse, drop food onto your lap or plate. The fries were not dipped in salt like Two Hippies. They serve Coke products -- boo, hiss!

The owner (or I am assuming he is the owner) and I were talking about Euro Cafe...He said it's been closed for over a year. He said I should try the Gyro next time...and I will.

Decor is scant, but functional...and it is wonderfully clean. You won't feel like you've stumbled into the kind of place that will make you feel sick after the first bite - I loved it here.

I really hope this place does well. I have my reservations because of where it is located - behind two fast food restaurants and a strip mall that's about 20% empty. I wouldn't have found this place if I hadn't pulled over to google Euro Cafe on my phone.
Gosh am I picky!  Shawn, my main cheesesteak taste tester and consultant representing the 16 year olds of America, would perhaps give this one a four star.  I took off points for size of the roll to the quantity of meat, and the absence of provolone when I ordered.   I also take marks off for being closed on a Sunday...Sometimes you need a cheesesteak after worship.  Just saying.
Despite the hours and the cheese preferences, this place is in my opinion not as good as Cordeleone's in Tempe, but is certainly worth stopping at to get a taste of the ole neighborhood east.  The average cheesesteak lover will find this perfectly acceptable and will not blink once while smelling all the grizzle on the grill.

They even have Tastykakes...a personal favourite of mine and I think that I heard rumour of soft pretzels being murmured as becoming available soon.  I also liked seeing all the old Philly paraphenalia all over the place.
I had the philly cheese steak and it was FAN-F*CKING-TASTIC! I ordered a side of ziki sauce to dip my fries. This places is small and hidden but makes a filling lunch that's for sure. Don't judge this book by its cover.
Their Philly Steak sandwich, meat and cheese in every bite, honestly very tasty! As a disclaimer I have never been to Philly so I cannot tell you how authentic this sandwich is, but honestly I do not care because it is that good. 

The restaurant appeared very clean and picture my surprise when I asked for ketchup and they reached in the refrigerator and handed me a chilled bottle. Wow! I thought I was the only one with OCD to the extreme that the thought of using a ketchup bottle that has been sitting out, for who know how long, is so disgusting and that is the norm at most places, but not here.   

This place is well hidden behind a Mcdonalds, so make sure you get the address and set your GPS for the next time you find yourself hungry and in Mesa.
I had half of a philly and all I can say is I wish I had gotten a whole! The half just teased my appetite making me want more, so it was definitely a good sandwich

If you're not looking, you'll definitely miss it. They do charge extra for toppings such as cheese, mushrooms, peppers, etc...

Overall it's a good place to try out if you're in the mood for a philly and the owner was nice.
**3.5 stars**

This place, surprisingly is not half bad!  Its a cute little place at the very end of a very sad empty strip mall, but it holds it own with delicious food!

I cruised in here last night to try something different.  They have a variety of menu items, from Gyros, to burgers, along with some wings and Philly steak sandwiches.   Heaven to me!

I went with a Gyro, and it was surprisingly tasty!  Plenty of seating here, with TV's and a menu to make most happy.   Great hours too!  Aside from being in a sad empty strip mall, go check this place out!
Delicious, had the philly max, combo was around 8 dollars. Pepperchinis top it off perfectly. Defiantly recommend if in the area.
So when I first drove up to this empty stripmall I thought oh this isn't good.. But went in and had one of the best meals.. I had their special 5 inch Philly sandwich with mushrooms and onions & cheese, it came with 4 wings and fresh cooked fries and a med drink... The staff was very nice  and we will be coming back again!
Found this place when I got lost in Mesa, I went in starving and the pleasant service was almost as big a relief as the amazing sandwiches. I ate one while the nice folks working there gave me directions, I was so grateful I bough sandwiches for the rest of the family and a few for experimentation later. Two of the sandwiches didn't survive the trip home because they're just THAT good. Don't hesitate to drop by if you're in the area because it's worth the trip and worth going out of your way to enjoy.
It was my first time here & I've gotta say i was very impressed with the food. I got a BBQ Philly & honey hot wings. The Philly was juicy and full of flavor. The wings were good but i would have loved them even more if they were actually spicy. They're more like honey wings. Will definitely be back.
My family loves this place, too bad it's so far away from us in Gilbert. We always get their large philly cheese steak subs to go and they're still hot even after a 15 minute trip home. Only downside, their subs are extremely greasy, so you'll need a couple napkins indulging in this fatty sub!
Went for lunch here today. I got the Philly Max with fries and a drink. The sandwich was delicious - just the right balance of meat, cheese, onions, peppers, and bread. The prices were very reasonable, and I got a good amount of food. The man at the counter was very friendly. I will be going back there again.
This is my sister's restaurant, so I am a little biased but the food is great and the owners are great!!! :) I recommend the wings, Gyro, turkey BLT, or cheese steak.  I also love the zucchini sticks.
Great place.  Hard to see behind Carl's Jr. on Southern Ave but is Worth finding!
Great food, great service, this will become a my new bi weekly eating joint.
And they deliver.

Had the Philly Max and am in love.
Friend had a craving for a Philly Cheesesteak, so away we went on the hunt. Ran across Philly Steak & Wings and thought we'd give it a try. I used to know the family who ran this place. They had a great lil place on Broadway between Stapley & Mesa Dr. called "Max's Cozy Kitchen".  BEST sandwiches ever; and really nice people. They decided to move over my MCC, and it went bad from there.  I really don't think it was the food, but the location stinks. This area of Mesa is a pit these days, surrounded by vacant strip malls and skleezy people.  Appears the family has sold.  The new management is seemingly keeping the philly steak sandwiches same and they were very good.  I wanted to try the wings, because if you're one of my followers, you'll know I'm in search of the best wings and pizza in Arizona.  The wings here were gross. I'm pretty sure they were pre-cooked and just reheated in the microwaved in some hot sauce.  They were dry and tough. The sauce was pretty good (Frank's Hot Sauce), but it didn't cover the strange taste of the wings.  The combo came with fries which were decent; crispy. The ketchup squirt bottle had a nasty crust-ring of ketchup visible just under the cap which REALLY turned me off, as it's a pretty good indicator of their lack of cleanliness. Too bad too, cuz I really liked the sandwich.  Think I'll keep hunting.
Random stop in this pretty empty stripmall led me to try the cheesesteaks here. It is a decent deal at 9 bucks for  a 10 inch combo with fries and a drink. The fries are standard bag variety, but served very hot and salty. I usually ask what kind of meat they use, but forgot and this wasn't ribeye. The food was servicable, but nothing memorable and I only finished half of the thing. There were alot of onions and sweet peppers and white american cheese was used, but meat quality took it down a few stars. It's ribeye or bust usually for a top notch cheesesteak. Get the 5 inch sandwich if you find yourself here and I don't know how you possibly would end up here. I had a friend staying closeby which is my excuse.
My fiance & I were looking for a delicious sandwich spot, so hit up Yelp for recommendations & ended up here. I got a Philly with steak, white american, lettuce & tomato. It was super yum! The meat was well done like I like it, thin, not super fatty, and seasoned well. The bread was unbelievably soft! Like crazy soft. The veggies were fresh, no brown lettuce or unripe tomatoes.

My fiance also had a Philly sandwich...I forget what it was called. It had steak, white american cheese, green peppers, banana peppers (although I could've sworn it was jalapenos), mushrooms, and maybe something else.

Inside isn't anything special. A few basic tables with chairs, a tv, and a sweet mirrored wall to watch yourself, or others if you're into that sort of thing, eat. The gal behind the counter was super nice & accomodating. There was a table of business dudes, and one other lonely fella there when we werethere around 1:00/1:30ish, so we definitely missed the lunch rush. By the time we sat down after getting our drinks and napkins, our food was ready and delivered to us at our table! Gotta love speedy food delivery when you're starving. 

All in all the Philly's were super dericious, not super greasy. We split the frys that came with his combo. The large sandwiches and half an order of frys was enough food for my fiance and I, and we both left with full tummies. It was about $15 for both of us, which isn't bad considering feeding 2 at a fast food restaurant is nearly that much. Can't wait to go back. Now that I think about it, maybe I'll hit em up for lunch today!
Cool local place to get some tasty Philly Steak Sandwiches and then some when shopping around the Fiesta Mall area in Mesa. Nice clean and tidy restaurant with super friendly service and a yummy menu to satisfy your hunger. You may even see the local law enforcement eating lunch while you dine which I always enjoy.

They offer several versions of the Philly Steak Sandwiches as well as Hot and Cold Subs, Gyros, Chicken Wings, Salads, Burgers and more. Hot Dog!

I like my Philly Steak with Cheez Whiz or White American depending on my taste for the day. The Philly MAX comes with onions, mushrooms, pepperoncinis, sweet peppers and a cheese of your choice and is what I like to order. It's hard not to resist some crispy fries covered with Cheez Whiz and maybe some bacon added for an extra buck. They also have several other options for sides such as onion rings, fried mushrooms, zucchini sticks, curly fries, popcorn chicken, mozzarella sticks etc.

Located right behind that Carl's burger dude off Southern in a somewhat dilapidated strip mall due to the economy. No worries. Definitely worth a visit. See ya there next time. Thumbs up!
Great cheesesteak place with surprisingly good hot wings. Definitely a must try spot. Just wish they had extended hours.
This place was "ok" I ordered the number 1 the half Philly cheesteak sandwich with fries and a drink. The total was almost $9. The fries were great. They gave a lot and were good and crunchy. The sandwich on the other hand was completely bland with little flavor. It was mostly bread a huge thick bread to make it look like a big sandwich. I added mushrooms for an extra charge and it was like they didnt even cook them, almost as if they microwaved them and slabbed them on. The fries were good but definitely not enough to make me come back again!!
Being from the East Coast, I was looking for "hole in the wall" restaurants out here in Arizona.  Scottsdale doesn't have too many mom and pop shops so I had to drive around the areas that are more profound of mom&pop shops.

I drove down Southern and was about to hit up McDonalds until I saw this place right behind it.  Gyros is one of my favorite hot meals but what attracted me was the Philly Cheese Steaks they were advertising.  

I went in and it felt like the restaurants I would walk in my home state.  The food smelled delicious and the prices were the average price.  They have a really good selection of food even though their advertising scheme is Cheese Steaks, Gyros, and Wings.  Customer service is a plus and they had our food out in average time.

I ended up ordering a Gyro combo and my nephew ordered a Burger combo.

I'm not a picky eater, so when I dug in, I ate it and thought of the gyro being a good gyro.  My nephew however doesn't really approve of hole in the wall restaurants, but after taking a bite of the burger and his fries, he actually likes the spot.  Me and him will definitely go back in the near future.
Still have never been let down with the quality and taste of all the food here. The hot wings are always made perfectly, and are noticeably bigger than most restaurants. The cheese steaks are wonderfully delicious every time, and I was even totally surprised how good the salad was. The staff are always very friendly, and phone-in orders always seem ready by the time I can get there. Great local spot that deserves lots of success.
10 inch sandwiches extra meat loaded, cost me 20 bucks, not worth it.
This lil hidden treasure (emphasis on hidden) is totally DELISH!!!  We had cheese steaks with provolone and mushrooms; I was secretly very pleased to see that they even offered cheese whiz (for those looking for the TRUE Philly style cheese steak); the rolls were fresh and tasty and the meat was seasoned almost perfectly; I am from the East Coast and quite close to Philly, so, was accustomed to a bit more grease and pepper, but, otherwise......AMAZING!!!  Oh yea, the fries were also really hot and crisp!!!  We'll be back!!
Kind of a pain to get to with the construction.  The guy taking the order seemed very inefficient and confused.  The Pilly Max cheesesteak was AMAZING.  I loved the bread and the gooey cheesey mushroomy steak on it.  I would order it next time with just cheese, mushroom and meat though as the other flavors got old as I was eating the huge thing.  Fresh brewed iced tea was a huge plus.  My kids shared a huge turkey and avocado sandwich.  They thought it was just okay, same with the fries.  We took it to go and it wasn't super fast but not to slow either.
Pretty great food. I will be back.
Very pleasant place.  Food is very good, generous portions, and the staff is quick and courteous.  Highly reccomended.  Quiet atmosphere and very clean.  Chicken wings are very tasteful and the Philly Cheese is super.
We eat here frequently for lunch- I haven't had anything  bad here. I crave the Philly cheese steak with everything- it's amazing. I have recently discovered  the gyro platter which is delicious and on the healthy side- that is until I add the mozzarella sticks
or fried zucchini- yum!!
Love the Philly cheesesteaks and the chicken gyros. Best zucchini sticks ever. They're always hot and amazing. My boyfriend and I get this for dinner often. It's pretty cheap and a little hidden gem. It's too bad that there's street construction everywhere. But I would definitely recommend it to anyone!
Impressive cheesesteaks. We don't live in the area but were visiting this part of town and decided to stop here for dinner because of the good reviews. We were not disappointed. The wings were spicy and good. The cheesesteaks were delicious. I had mushrooms and onions on mine while my husband had everything on his. Super good. We will definitely be coming back here the next time we are in the area.
It's so easy to miss this place as it is tucked in behind a McDonald's, but that's what we call "a hidden gem" in the biz... "the biz" being the business of finding rad little tucked away restaurants that serve good food. 

I've eaten here twice over the last few years, and it didn't really register with me that it was the bomb for some reason... it was good, but I guess it was because it wasn't my neighborhood place back then. We recently moved closer to it though, so last night my girl brought me home a full cheesesteak. It was indeed "the bomb," and I realized that I should have put it on my list of great cheesesteak places a lot sooner (I don't have such a list yet, but if I did this would be on it for sure).

The meat was tender, seasoned well and cooked perfectly. Most cheesesteak places use roughly the same meat and cheese (in varying quantities), but beyond that, the differences will come down to how well they cook and season the meat, and what kind of bun they use. Here, they use a good ratio of meat to cheese to bread. Not too much cheese so that it's all over your hands and everything else - just enough for flavor. I might have to try it with a tiny bit more meat next time, but really it was plenty. Every bite was perfect end to end. The bread they use was soft and chewy. Some places give you dryer or harder bread - I prefer the softer stuff because it goes along better with the savoriness of the meat.

The few times I've been in there, it has been clean. The owners and staff are always really nice. I've tried talking them into doing delivery, but I don't think they're set up for that. Having eaten from here a handful of times now, I'm realizing that it's also been consistently good. 

It's pretty safe to bring your friend from out of town who claims he can't get a decent philly and act like you've got the angle on the best kept secret in Phoenix. The truth is, there's nothing magical about the cheesesteak in general. It's not tough to make, and as I said the ingredients are roughly the same everywhere you go (like, the meat is probably literally the same product from the same distributor). It's easy to mess it up, but it's also not terribly complicated to do it right. 

These places that brag about being the most authentic or legit or whatever are just blowing smoke. Also the idea that you can only get a good or authentic cheesesteak in Philly is absurd. I've had a few (one from the most famous place actually in Philly), and they're all about the same. I guess some places just achieve the highest level of greatness one can achieve with these simple ingredients, and then it just becomes a pissing match over who is more authentic or who is more from Philly or some other thing that doesn't matter. 

This place serves among the best cheesesteaks in the Valley, and rivals the best I've had in Philly or anywhere else. I live closer now.... I'm going to get fat.
The only place I'll go to get a Philly Cheese Steak!! I don't add any sauce because it's already sooo good and flavorful! I just get steak, cheese, and onions!! Mmmm!! Went yesterday for lunch and then back again today for lunch!! GO if you haven't!!
No Round Table Pizza in AZ!!!  I was a big fun and I still miss their pizza a lot.  Domino is okay but not enough toppings and sometimes they forget to put on 1 or 2 toppings.   I only buy on Tuesday,  buy one large pizza get one free.  It's a deal.
It is fun ordering your pizza online and watch what stages your order is at.  =)  I was too lazy to cook dinner and I just felt like pizza today.  I have not had Domino's in ages.  They commericals on TV got me thinking about their pizza (I guess it worked on me).  

The ordered my pizzas online with the Tuesday coupon (Buy 1 large pizza and get 1 large free).  It is a good deal compared to the other coupons.  The pizza was here about 35 mins.  They looked good, smelled good, and tasted pretty good.  The toppings were kind of the light side.
The service was fantastic but my order was very lackluster. I ordered wings due to the hoopla they're making over the new recipe. The skin was soggy due to it being over-sauced or maybe that's just an error on the part of it being cooked. Since there was so much sauce I couldn't taste the "new recipe". I guess Domino's still hasn't gotten it right on their wings or it's just this Domino's.
The pizza from this location is consistent and predictable.  Probably not going to win any gourmet prizes, but it is hot, tasty and delivered timely.  I don't know who is looking for more toppings - we've never noticed that to be a problem at this store.  The price is very fair and who couldn't love the website?  So much better than phoning it in.
My ultimate Go-To if I'm feeling lazy and don't want to cook dinner. Try ordering a pizza with white sauce, chicken and parmesan-asiago topping. Delivery is fast and you can order online with coupons! The delivery people are always super friendly.
This review isn't necessarily for the food...we've always found it consistent, and we keep ordering it, so we obviously enjoy it.  

This is mainly for the manager, Robin.  Last week, we had a problem with a delivery, and when I called to speak to someone about it, he took care of it immediately.  As well as taking care of me this week.  This is first-rate customer service.  We are good customers (especially during football season), and will continue to be.  

Thank you, again!  By the way, everything was as delicious as it always is.
I order from this location frequently.  Their food is consistently good, their delivery drivers courteous, but what really makes this place is their customer service.  They forgot one topping on a pizza on one order. It was a simple mistake, but when I contacted the manager, I was treated more than fairly with a sincere apology and a sizeable credit on my next order.  This is one place where good customer service still exists and I appreciate that.
I would just like to say how impressed I am with the outstanding customer I received. Not only did the store fix the problem from the order the night before, they brought lunch for everyone. WOW.  Thank you very much management team for your excellent communication and thanks Brandon for explaining what had happened the night before.  Customer 4 Life!
I have always favored Dominoes Pizza over the rest because of the seasoned crust. I usually hate the crust, but when I tried Dominoes it was the first time I have ever enjoyed eating it!!! My favorite pizza is light cheese, extra robust sauce, triple pepperoni, triple tomatoes, and feta cheese!!! Also Robin, the manager, is great to work with when you have a problem!!! If I could give more stars, I would!!!
I always get good service with delivery. One time it took a little longer but they provided me with a free soda. The pizza always tastes great.
Can't beat their Tuesday night cheese pizza special.
My dad used to take me to sardellas after going to the dentist. Always good memories here. In glad to see they are be arching out. And the pizza is good too!
Great atmosphere. Great Staff.  The food is excellent.

I enjoy the water feature inside the restaurant, and the music they play over the speakers is positive and encouraging music.
Good wings.  A person who worked there recommended the Gold Fever sauce.  I must say I was not disappointed.  It was spicy, yet tasty...  two things I like when I eat wings.  Too bad I don't live closer or else this would be a good place to go when I have a wing fix.
Mostly good but often we ask for 'naked' wings and they are overcooked. This happens even after asking them not to.
While the staff was very nice, the food was terrible.  Too much flavorless sauce, too much cheese (which is quite a feat), and the dough tasted worse than my elementary school's cardboard pizza boxes...
Tough call with the 4 or 5 star rating.  Let me explain.

I would give this Sardella's a five star rating due to my most recent experience.  Every year my family goes to this Sardella's to celebrate my wife's and my birthday with our immediate family (parents, brothers, sisters...) and there is usually enough room somewhere to fit a party of around 10-12.  They are very accomodating.  This recent trip we were enjoying our pizza and wings when one of the employees brings us an order of their cinna-bread which apparently they made in error so they simply gave it to us on the house.  We were very gracious as we were just finishing up the pizza and wings and had not ordered a dessert.  One bite of this cinna-bread said it all.  It was over the top, doughy, sugar laden, cinnamon sprinkled, crisscrossed icing heaven.  The entire family was overwhelmed with its taste in a good way.  Let's just say I recommend it.  

I give the four star because I simply can't give 5 for one experience but if there were a 4.5, I would solidly put it there.  The pizza is always good and the wings NEVER disappoint.  The people who work there are great and I have never had a bad experience with the service.  Ingredients are fresh as pizza joints go and I have been told by my family that the salads are fresh and tasty.  I have no clue because who eats salad at a pizza place like this?!  Great food and family times.

Where is that 4.5 star rating?!
This at one time was my favorite place for wings.  I LOVE the flavor of their mild sauce.  So about 3 years ago I would have given this a 5+ stars but now its hard to give 2.   The reason is I often find feather nubs on the wings....NASTY!  The wings also now have a lot of crushed or broken bones.   They must have changed their vendor for the wings and I really wish they would change back cause I do miss that sauce.   I even dip my pizza crust in it! 
I have always gotten take out so I cant review the employee's attitudes but they are nice on the phone.   When I pick up the place is always busy but clean.
Chicken Pomodora,
Best item on the menu !!!

No matter what part of town, the Consistency is Incredible.
Mixed it in with their web deal off of FACEBOOK ,
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sardellas-Pizza-Wings/308665297989?ref=ts&fref=ts

Great Food & beer delivery = Mon Nite Football
perfect service and pizza!
On a whim, my son wanted us to stop by since this is "the pizza place of choice" for his school.  

In two words "IT SUCKED" 

The worst pizza I have ever had. Why won't YELP allow fo no stars?   It was dry, so thin, had no sauce and was overcooked. We like our pizza on the "rare" (whiter cheese) side not burnt with big air pillows of nothing.  This is Sardellas.

I should have swung by the grocery store and picked up a TOMBSTONE pizza or Costco to get a better pizza.  Not even on a drunk night would I go to this place.  Worse than Dominos and Pizza Hut.  If you are that hungry, go up the road to Burger King.

Even with all the coupons we had, it still wasn't worth it.  Thankfully my kid gets it for free at his school so we don't have to visit this place;  but one has to wonder if getting this pizza is a reward for him or a punishment?
You can't go wrong with bread, cheese and sauce in most places.  It's definitely not the best I've ever had, but everyone has their own preferred style of pizza.  Being from jersey, I like thin pizza with the air pockets and homemade sauce.  This is not that... But the place is clean, people are nice,  service was fast and it still asked great!
Great pizza!  Just wish they were a bit thinner.  Love the people there.
Pizza and wings were okay but I ordered the special last night (Sunday night football opener) so it was very busy.  I expected to have to wait but they said to pick it up in 15 minutes but I came in and waited almost an hour.  I got frustrated but at least the game was on TV.  The place is nice inside but the ranch is not home made and the wings were average at best.  I am just not a big fan of Sardellas but I wanted to give them another chance last night.
Mostly good but often we ask for 'naked' wings and they are overcooked. This happens even after asking them not to.
We are the "luxury nails bar" right next to sardellas and all the times that we have ordered from them, their staffs are extremely friendly, they provide excellent customer service, the food is always ready on time and delicious, we are happy to have them as our neighbor
I went with my cousins, my lil bro, my aunt and my mom. We got amazing service. It's hard to find a place to take four high energy boys where we can get great service, good food, and a great value too. I got a deal that included a large pizza and chicken wings. The pizza dough was well proofed with cheesy goodness and tasty sausage. The pizza isn't fancy or fusion. It tastes like good American pizza, the kind the ninja turtles would stop fighting the shredder over. And the wings were so tasty. And the were all wings and no drums, which any wing enthusiast would say are the best because they are most moist with more meat on them. And the ranch sauce was good too. I would normally save a five star for a restaurant that likes to push the culinary limits, but this place knows what they are doing and they are doing it great.
We always get the pizza and wings when visiting this establishment.  Great wings and crispy pizza.  When your here try the pizza fries, they are awesome
I use to be a BIG Sardella  fan and the staff is always wonderful.. I ordered 4 pizzas for two growing boys.  When I got home from work there was 3  1/2 pizzas left.. I could not believe they would send pizza out looking the way they did.. Hardly no cheese and the cheese was burnt again.. I was told a while back they had a problem with their ovens.  I guess they are still broken.  Sorry I will not be coming back too many strikes.
:(
Yummy!!!great wings and pizza. Prices are very wallet friendly . Customer services rocks!! And the deliver beer!!!
RUN FAR FAR AWAY! TERRIBLE!  If I could give negative stars, I would. I ordered a pizza, the BOY answers the phone in a hurry, didn't ask how I was going to pay, didn't take my credit card info, didn't verify my phone number, told me it would be 15-20 minutes, I asked if he needed further directions for the driver b/c its in an apt- he said no, AND told me it would be $15.90-something. The delivery driver ended up getting lost b/c the guy had the wrong address, 42 minutes later the driver arrives after I gave him directions, he expected cash which I did not have. I wanted to pay with my card. The driver left the pizza with me and goes back to the store. The "manager" calls and wants payment; I have no problem with that, BUT when I told him what all happened, he TOTALLY froze stuttered his words and was completely USELESS! Its absolutely pathetic that this KID is a manager. Its like Fisher Price opened a pizza shop and hired him. He has NO idea how to talk to someone.  OH! and he gave me the wrong # to corporate... coincidence? --- and my pizza was cold. ugh. 
Harold, the delivery guy, was super awesome guy. He owned up to the mistake, apologized, offered excellent customer service even though it wasn't his mistake. Nice job Harold! 
Now waiting on a call back from corporate and the district manager. 
Dear Donavan, Your management skills, or lack they're of, are some of the worst I've ever experienced. I would almost rather pay your college tuition than for you to ever handle an adult situation again. Don't ever EVER lie to a customer. You will always get caught... sorry had to call your corporate on ya. Shouldn't have done that, sir. CHEERS.
Sadly, this pizza was not very good. I got pulled in by their great advertising and I'm sure there are good Dominos out there but this store isn't very good at all.  

Why I gave 3 stars:
Pros: Effortless ordering online, prompt delivery, Our 2 year old really liked the pizza crust where he usually only eats the cheese from pizza.  That was amazing. He also didn't mind the spicy sauce.. which I thought was way too spicy.  Go figure.  Last pro is that it was the $10.99 deal... so delivery, etc. including tip was $17.00 for a large.  

Cons:  The pizza (for me) was just bad.  I didn't know which sauce to order so ordered what it defaulted to, and as I said, it was tangy spicy.. which didn't taste good but the baby liked it!  Also, the pepperoni was mushy and not very much of it.. and there was probably a total of 2 mushrooms that were sliced to be about 9.   I really was looking forward to that "brooklyn pulled" crust but it just wasn't happening.

Oh well.
This was such a sad experience. I used to like Dominos a lot. Since there "new pizza" has come along, I will not order again. My boyfriend who will eat almost anything...especially pizza, stopped after 1 piece and said it was disgusting. He HATED the cornmeal all over the bottom of the pizza. He said that it was gross and annoying having it all over his hands while he ate. He also did not like the garlic crust. I like the flavors of the crust because they taste like their breadsticks, but did not like having to touch it the whole time I was eating the pizza. The cheese was sparce, and the pizza way dry. I babysit a little girl all the time, and Dominos was her favorite, and now she won't eat it at all. I also think that it was rude how they put "Papa Johns, now who's your Daddy" on our pizza box. First of all, Papa Johns is my favorite fast food pizza. I think it's funny that Dominos has had to copy them with garlic sauce, and now they are trying to claim that their new pizza is better. yeah right. Dream on Dominos! Never again!
This is an EXCELLENT Domino's store delivering a tasty product; in a timely manner.

While visiting Phoenix, I've ordered delivery from this store several times over the past few months. This Domino's is located about 4 miles from where I am staying. Month after month, this store delivered all Internet orders exactly as ordered and within about 30 to 40 minutes after pressing the enter key on the keyboard.  Plus, you can track the order on-line to know when the product left the store.

The pizzas have always arrived hot; crispy, and the delivery drivers have always been very polite. The drivers often bring extra napkins, grated cheese packets or crushed pepper packets (nice touch).

I've traveled extensively for the past three years and have stayed in many cities; using various Domino's across the U.S. The 3510 Bell Road Domino's has been among the best in terms of service and quality of product delivered.
Normal Dominos food, not great, not horrible, better than Pizza Hut.  I did get a little irritated about the facility calling me after placing an order for 7 pizzas.  They didn't call to verify the order, what they called for is to tell me that how I should have called them to give them a heads up about the large order.  I agree, however, when I order online, I am not sure what location is going to handle the order until the order has already been placed.  If it's that big of an issue, Dominos needs to flag you directly on their website to do that.
What a joke this place was. Dominoes has decent pizza but the staff here tonight sucked bad. First couldn't make a pizza that had one slice with only cheese for my kid. Then when I got there to pay I couldn't pay with a $50 bill. Then the guy says well "you can run next door to get change". Hahaa what service. I know it's only dominoes but how about this is US currency and you should run next door since you don't have change.
Been here a few times, it's not bad. Decent delivery.

Certain menu items they should drop, but it's not the fault of this store.
DISCLAIMER- I normally hate chains and fast food and don't even spend energy on reviewing them. But this particular Dominos deserves a fair 3 star review based on the following-

technology- its pretty damn cool you can order and customize your pizza online and then watch a time line of it getting made. Seeing all the options on a screen in front of you really gives you the chance to play around and personalize your pizza. Then there is a little time line that lets you know when the pizza is getting assembled, baked, then ready for pickup.

crust- they actually have a pretty tasty crust. Its buttery and garlicky.

value- coupons for 7.99 3 topping pizza? I can find change all over my house for that!

Are the ingredients of the best quality? Of course not. Is the service amazing? Hell no.

But is it A-OK especially for a super lazy night when you are broke? YES!!
Ordered online, and estimated time ready was off.  Waited an extra 20 minutes past estimated time.  Pizza and wings were good, cashier was friendly.  Not bad.
Ok Dominos you have come a long way!!!   I am SO happy that you have gourmet and gluten free pizza.  I was scared to try it as most gluten free pizzas are not that great.. I ordered the 5 cheese Wisconsin on a gluten free crust and it was awesome.  You make feeding two boys easy.  Thank you..   Oh and I love your online ordering and I signed up and you can see who makes your pizza and what process in creation it is very cool.   Nice job for a chain...
Me Likey Wingy!

I have not been to this new location yet. 

The old location was a pit. a hole, the ghetto of restaurants, this location was filthy funk nasty! But dammit the wings were outstanding! 

There were plenty o night I would travel down 7th ave to McDowell to retrieve a dozen of these delectable delights! The fries are good too! 

Now that they have moved I need to check out the new location. In it's place there has been erected yet another chain restaurant. Pei Wei and Starbucks together. WTF??? Can I get a Rice bowl and a Latte? : P
By far THE BEST wing spot around! Don't let the building sway you from the great food inside. It's definitely one of those 'dive bar' sorta places, but the price is great for what you get.

They have a 2 dozen wings + basket of fries for $15 and $1.50 draft pints. C'mon on now- that's a friggin deal.

The wings are pretty big and the sauces are amazing. Now I love hot, and I'll tell you the 'HOT' tingled my lips and burned my mouth but I couldn't stop lol. The Medium is a bit spicy but really good and their house bbq wings are tasty as well. They have Medium and Mild for you wimps, haha jk. And Suicide and Atomic for you brave ones. There's actually a side note to the 'ATOMIC' wings; "must show proof of insurance before serving". Classic!

Nothing on the menu exceeds $6, ranging from Salads, mozzarella sticks to burgers and philly cheese steak sandwiches. The place is ran by a cute couple and their sons, nice family owned restaurant . 

Now if any of you are brave to try the ATOMIC- I've gotta know !
The definition of a dive.  The atmosphere is not all that inviting, but you get what you pay for.  I had the Texas dog and fries.  I probably should have had the wings because people seem to rave about them.  The dog was pretty good but but I would've used more chili to dip my fries in!  

The jukebox is eclectic (gangsta rap to norteno music) and you're likely to hear them play back to back.

I may have to go back for the wings!
What I like about this place is that it's very obviously family owned.  Each time my co-workers and I come here (which is a lot of times) I notice that it is the father or the son that rings us up.  I think there might be two sons, but I'm not positive.  Usually, the same person that takes our order cooks our food in a tiny, exposed kitchen, and there's just something kinda cool about that.  The older Asian woman, who I assume is the cook's wife, is often sitting at the bar with her laptop and gets up periodically to help her husband (or who I assume is her husband) in the kitchen, and bus a few tables.  It's nice to go into a restaurant, even a little dive down the street from my office, and experience a nice, well lit family place.  I also appreciate that they have the news on most of the TV's, not some ESPN bullshit, and that it's CNN and not Fox.

The other thing I love about this place is that I can get a 16 oz beer for 2.50 which is a totally perfect lunch time beer.  It's not a pitcher, it's not a tiny glass, it's a perfect cheap beer to drink on my lunch hour even when no one else wants to drink (which is most of the time cause they're like "ohhh you're an alcoholic, we don't drink on our lunch hour blah blah").  

I always passed this place and always wanted to go in, not only because I heart wings, but because there's a big picture of a buffalo on the outside and that's just awesome.

As far as wings go, I can dig the ones here.  I order the Atomic cause I'm literally insane about hot food, I love the delicious pain of the heat and I'm always trying to find the hottest stuff around.  The Atomic don't disappoint, yet I would say that the Long Wong's suicide are way hotter, but that's not a complaint really, since most people are sane and don't enjoy scorching their mouth in hopes to FEEL SOMETHING.  This is why I'm on Prozac. 

I usually don't order the wings here, not because they're not good, but because sometimes I feel weird eating saucy meat off a bone in front of my co-workers.  Like, I have to be fucking you to really show you that side of my disgusting self.  So I've tried a few different things.  I've gotten the mozzarella sticks a few times and they're pretty awesome as far as fried cheese goes.  The fries are also always awesome, made fresh and hot and perfect and not all fancied up or done down, just fried potatoes made to order like it should be. 

The worst thing I got here were the chicken nuggets.  They were obviously frozen, kinda spongey, kinda gross.  Yet, the next time we came here the nuggets were OFF THE MENU, and in their place were NEW CHICKEN STRIPS.  Which, naturally, I ordered and were totally better, crispy, juicy, a little spicy.  See, family places like this, they consult, they think, they know when shit sucks, and they fix it.

They have a lunch special which my co-worker orders EVERY time; six wings and fries and a drink for about seven bucks. 

Buffalo Brown's can be a little off putting at first.  It's pretty much always empty and the few employees (the family) don't exactly seem totally stoked about your presence, but they always deliver on quality and service.  Also, there's a jukebox and a pool table in the back and while on most days neither of these items are in use, in fact they seem dusty, recently we were winging and beering here when a couple of people started blaring some hip hop music in the tiny, Asian family owned wing joint and it seemed bizarre, but oddly cinematic. 

I think I even saw the straight laced Asian cook bobbing his head a little.
Very good wings - right up there with Long Wongs, maybe even a little better. The wings are crispy and very saucy - I went with the medium, which had a nice flavor without being overpowering at all. I'll probably give the hotter sauces a try, to see what their definition of "atomic" really means.

There's plenty of other lunch stuff on the menu, so if everything's as good as the wings, this is definitely a place I can see myself going to every week or two.
Wings were over sauced, buried to be exact.  For hot sauce it had a good flavor.  I asked for a dry rub and was told they did not have one nor would they do anything but put sauce on.  

Pricing is cheap.  Service was good.  If you like lots of sauce on your wings this might be your place.  Not much for atmosphere, but it was a Thursday night.  It s a large room with a one large tv and one very small tv.  Liked being able to sit at the beer bar.
My friend brought up wings the other day, and I have thought of nothing else since. I caved today and decided to try this place out, since it's down the road from my office and they had good reviews. I placed an order to go - a dozen BBQ wings and zucchini (they were out of mushrooms - first bummer of the experience). They told me to head down in 10 minutes, which I was impressed by...I figured the wait would be much longer. I drove over, paid, and was out the door very quickly with my much-desired wing fix. I got to the office and had a couple - they were good, a LOT of sauce but they were a little crunchy, which I like. Tried the zucchini and was disappointed to find them covered in bread crumbs rather than batter (maybe this was my fault, I read the menu pretty quickly and wasn't paying much attention). I ate another wing and it didn't taste that great. Was pretty much full after that and went back to working...I don't know WHAT the deal was, but I got reallyyy sick about an hour later. Safe to say I won't be coming back any time soon.
Good wings. I liked how they were served on those plastic Chinese dishes. Burger wasn't that great but overall it was a nice place. Really friendly servers.
Do not go here!!! The wings here gave both my boyfriend and I food poisoning! The decrepit conditions should have been a red flag along with the staff that so very obviously hate their jobs and have no pride in their restaurant. If you are opposed to vomiting all day do not step foot in this ghetto, disgusting establishment!!!
It was a dive atmosphere (which I like). I played a round of pool... Wings had too much sauce on them and the tenders are the frozen processed kind. I asked to substitute for the popcorn shrimp and they told me they were out. Long Wongs is way better. I wanted to try this place for the first time. It'll be my last
The kid that is here disgusted me with his "I hate my job" face. Anyways, The burgers here are pretty good. Fries are also good. Got to put a little salt on them but that's ok. The Ranch was just water. Had no taste whatsoever same with the carrots they were old and chewy. The buffalo wings were O.K. doesn't fill you up just sort of like a snack. It's inexpensive but the amount of food is not worth it. Won't be coming back.
Great prices, incredible food, fresh ingredients. My girlfriend and I tried this place since it's close to her house, and we were so amazingly surprised. The atmosphere is that of a mini-sports bar, with arcade games in the back for kids and TVs around the walls.

The pizza was incredible. The wings were amazing. And the cook came out to introduce himself and chat with us about the food and what we liked or disliked about it. We will most definitely be returning in the future.
One thing I've discovered about Long Wong's is that the quality and service depends a lot on the location.  For instance, the wings at the Scottsdale and Thomas location are different from the wings you'll get at the Two Hippies location which are also different from the ones you get at my regular spot, and the one I'm going to talk about; the Stapley and 60 restaurant located next to the giant laser tag arena.  If you're thinking that maybe I've eaten Long Wong's wings and then played laser tag, you'd be right, I did, and it was awesome.

This location is cleaner and larger than most, and though it doesn't have the Ms. Pac Man game like the Scottsdale and Thomas location, it does have flames painted on the walls and flat screen TV's which are almost always tuned to Fox News or some sporting event I don't care about. 

Another thing that has always intrigued be about this location is the walls.  The high walls are covered, mural style, with flames and boxers.  Yes, giant poorly painted flames and then black dudes boxing each other.  Why?  I don't know, and neither will you.

Sometimes my comrad and I will eat in, taking advantage of the beer special which are 2 dollar draft beers, all day, everyday which, by all accounts, wouldn't necessarily make it a "special" despite what the signs will tell you.  Long Wong's is really about the wings.  Most days I come in there is a line of people, all of them ordering wings, dozens, buckets, family packs, tearing at the bones, contemplating which flavor to get, licking their fingers.  I've only tried a few things off the Long Wong's menu: the wings, the fries, the hot dogs, and the burgers.  Seemingly there is a lot of other shit on the menu.  That's not important to me, the wings are the only worthwhile thing as most of the other items are reminiscent of slightly higher quality fast food with lettuce that is usually wilted.  Long Wong's carries a variety of wing flavors; teriyaki, asian garlic, Cajun, mild, medium, hot, suicide and my flavor of choice: SUPER suicide.  I think there are more.  I don't even know if "asian garlic" is really on the menu but it seems like it would be.

The thing about Long Wong's wings is that grabs me is that they're mostly heat.  It's not the flavor I love, it's the back of your throat, back of your tongue, lip burning heat.   I'm a sucker for the heat or anything that make me cry (like my life).  They serve the wings with Ranch, not Blue Cheese which seems more appropriate for these wings anyway.  The Ranch is good there too, not over done or spiced up by something, just a thin, normal, restaurant Ranch which they don't charge you for like some places.

They are horribly liberal with the sauce, dousing your order of plump wings in a thick, orange sauce touched slightly with chili seeds.  These are, by far, the sauciest wings I've had.

After each bite of a Long Wong's wings it looks like you killed a bunny or some other small, cute animal with your bare hand.  The sauce gets under your fingernails and the burn stays on your hands even after a run under water.  You must scrub, with soap, to rid your skin of that unique wing smell and the stain of the orange sauce.  Don't do anything sexual after eating Long Wong's wings for at least 12 hours.

There is one thing about this location which I go to that, for some reason, always seems to put a damper on my wing eating, beer drinking frenzy.  That is the grey, mustached owner who always seems to be annoyed by all the service he's getting.  I imagine this guy to be the owner based on assumption and his naturally ownery vibe.  

Long Wong's on Stapley and 60, despite the Angry Successful Business Owner, is one of my favorite Mesa spots and is a true testament to what good, true take out wings SHOULD be.  Even if you don't like them hot you can appreciate the honey bbqs or the Arizona chili flavor or even the blue cheese ones.  Plus, a 7.99 combo that gives you a dozen wings, fries and drink is, like, super reasonable especially considering the quality.  I have grown fond of the new, exciting fliers placed up periodically in an attempt, I assume, by the Angry Successful Business Owner to become even MORE successful, thus more angry.  Lately I've noticed they're doing karaoke on Friday nights and 25 cent wings on Tuesdays.  Long Wongs has helped me come out of the closet as a wing enthusiast so no longer will I hide my bones in my top nightstand drawer.  I will proudly leave them chewed and dried up for all the world to see and get grossed out by.
Best wing place in Mesa... hands down!
Best Wings EVAR!

First off, I have a problem with wings that look like they came off a chicken who was given steroids everyday of it's life.  I also have a problem with tiny wings that barely have any meat on them (I mean who wouldn't).  At Long Wong's the wings are a happy medium.  Good amount of meat and the sauce is BOSS!!  

I've eaten at LW twice and both times was amazing.  This time we ordered the Mini Bucket (25 wings) and split the flavors: Medium and Spicy Honey BBQ.  Our friend ordered the hot.  The Medium sauce was very tasty with some bite and the Spicy Honey BBQ was on point!  So rich with the perfect balance of sweet and spicy.  I tried a Hot from my friends plate and actually liked the Hot better than the Medium and I'm not spice junky.

We also ordered a side of fries to round the meal out and there was nothing special there.  They weren't bad, just ordinary.  Had a little seasoning on them but they were best enjoyed with ketchup and after you fill up on wings.

When in Phoenix and want wings this is my default.  Only complaint:  A place that sells spicy spicy wings should not be charging 50 cents for a darn soda refill.
I'm not a fan of wings or fried food, it was the only place open at 9:30 on a Sunday night, I got a salad, it was nothing special, most everything they serve is food-service that they just throw in a deep fryer. Not my type of restaurant, but for a divey sports bar is okay.
What a dive!! And I liked it. 
I couldn't tell if the place was even open it was so dark from the outside. You walk in and there are a few tables and a walk up counter to order. We (husband & I) were hungry so we ordered the mini bucket of 25 wings all hot and crispy.  I didn't know what the crispy was but I'm glad we ordered it the wings were really good. We also got Longboard (I think) IPA on draft which was very good. The men working there were all very friendly and nice - great service.

There are more tables in the back (where we sat) with TVs and a small game area. 

Before eating the wings I decided I should wash my hands. Probably not the smartest thing as the restroom was disgusting! They have two restrooms both unisex I chose the one in the back for washing up after the meal and it was much cleaner.
I love wings.. this place was just a-ok.. I would pick Buffalo Wild Wings (BW3) any day over LW's

It's cheap here tho 12 wings for $6.99

The wings were a hit and miss (mostly a miss) in my lunch today. (first time here) 

Disappointed since the reviews were GOOD so i had faith in this place..

The owner was nice and friendly not miserable like one other review said..

Dont think i will be back unless im craving wings (its right near my work)

Also puzzled that they only serve carrots and ranch with the wings.. Where did the celery and blue cheese go? (i requested blue cheese and they charged me 49 cents.. oh well so much for Long Wong's)
When you're visiting PHX stop at Long Wong's.  Great special on 12 wings with salad and a drink for 8 bucks.  When I lived there I ate their every month!  Check it out
Worse customer service ever. I called on Sunday around 4 in the afternoon on 10-23-11. Guy answers " long wongs 60 & stapley " I say " hey just need to place an order for pick up" the guy says " hold one" 15 minutes later still holding. After 20 min I hang up call back guy answers " long wongs 60& stapley" i say "hey man just need to place that order for pick up " and the guy hangs up on me. I will never spend another dollar at this place
I heard a lot of positive things about this place, so I decided to see what all the hype was about. I was very disappointed with everything. The wing sauce was mostly oil and didn't taste good at all. Save your money and don't eat here.
we used to go to the Chandler store until a recent trip yielded bad food and VERY slow service.  
W found this one and I talked the wife into lunch,  MUCH BETTER!  fast service. Owner Mike helped us and food was awesome. Wings were good size and had plenty of sauce on them.  Shop Was clean and we both ate wings and soda for $19
we'll be back!
Best wings in PHX area.  Large Pizza and Wings Combo can't be beat! The decor could be better but u won't care as soon as u start eating. This is the best of the Wong's chain. I live by Lake Pleasent but whenever I'm on this side of town I almost always stop in here and over-indulge!
This place was very dark inside, I realize that this is just the take out / lunch area and I didn't see the bar/resturant part.     But,  I don't understand why my boneless wings don't come with sauce on them. Instead I got a side of sauce of the honey BBQ to dip them. I would have to say that that theirbwings are not as good as Native NYR.
Been away from the valley 15 years, really miss this place! Yes this location is small and dark. Yes, the wings are still delicious and cheap! So is the beer. No the wings are not huge, they're also not $1 each! Service was fast and friendly. For me, you just can't beat a dozen spicy Bbq and curly fries at Long Wongs!
Oh how do I crave the food from this Long Wongs. The wings flavor is amazing and their fries are very tasty. I will say that they have the best ranch dressing I have ever had.  I crave this on the weekends a lot, that's how good it is.

I was going to give this a 5 star because the food is tastes great but recently the size of their wings has decreased immensely. They used be big and have lot of meat on them but now they are small with hardly any meat. Last night was the smallest i have ever seen a wing. Super small, I was amazed that they would even serve them as a whole wing it should have been 2-3 wings = 1 wing.  I wish now i had taken a picture of it. Oh well.
Stopped in for bite to eat, first off its like a maze to get in the place, I find the entrance, there is a check out there, one small fuzzy computer montior, and a regular size tv. I see no menu board, and grab a menu. I order a hot dog and fries, total cost 3.98. Ill be honest, the place looked on the dirtier side, I wait for ahile, maybe close to 20 minutes, well the fries, where on the under cooked side, and the hotdog, was ahhhh. Tasted like an oscar myer.  Over all I can't. Say any thing other then what I had, I'm sure if I was a kid under 12, I would love it.
I wish I could post a picture on here! We ordered wings to go tonight and when we got home and opened the box they were the scrawiest shriveled wings ever. I took a picture of them next to a quarter and they were the same size!I called them and I was told that " I'm between a rock and a hard place in this is what my vendor gave me". Then I said maybe you should give more wings and he said "then I will lose money" except for he pays for the wings by the pound not by number, he wouldn't be losing any money, he's making money by selling these small scrawny Wings it the same price he was selling the normal Wings . Terrible customer service. We will not be back!
If Im in the mood for wings, I come here. You can't beat their dozen wing, fries, n drink combo. They have some really good subs also. They could upgrade their tvs tho, and play the ufc fights.
We come to Phoenix once or twice a year and I've always wanted to try this place.  Needless to say it will be one & done for us.  We purchased, two adult burgers (w/fries), 3 kids meals, onion rings, stuffed mushrooms, & 3 large sodas.  Total was $45.  My wife's comment: "freakin' rippidy rip off"... The inside of Long Wongs was very dirty, it looked like it was on a once a week cleaning and it was day 6!  It had that slight greasy grime on the tables, chairs, arcade games.  As for the good, you pay for  drink refills which is rediculous nowadays let alone for a "wings" joint.  Both the adult burgers were very weak, hardly any specialty toppings to give it a specialty flavor and way too much bun for the small preformed frozen patties.   Flavor was nonexistent.  The stuffed mushrooms tasted like they were dropped straight from the freezer into he fat fryer - worst I've ever had.  The onion rings were the best part and the only reason this place got one star. As excited as we were to try this place we were severely disappointed.
I absolutely love their wings! The sauces for wings and their prices definitely knock out the competition. The staff is usually busy and I never wait much longer than what's expected! The size of the wings seems to be an issue with some, but to me they are the same size most places have for wings. I would definitely recommended this location to anyone!
First off this is not the original long wongs, how do I know this, because one I know the franchise owner and two because my father designed the original logo. This owner is very naive and claims he designed the logo because he put flames around the original logo. 

No here's the objective view of this particular  Long Wongs. Usually I just pick up a combo of wings and fries. Prices are reasonable however if you do get wings your mostly paying for the excess sauce they put onto the wings. Fries are ok nothing really special, Burgers are meh, the only reason why I go to this long wongs over the one on Thomas is because of the proximity. I'm not afraid to say I go here just because it's close by, however there other places to go to like Native New Yorker as well as Buffalo Wild Wings right around the corner.

Over all it's an ok place to dine nothing really special decor can use some updating. On a personal note this owner isn't even paying any franchising fees or anything plus some of the staff is rude at this location
Wings are small but cheap - $27 gets you 50 wings (2 different flavors), a large ranch (I don't know the exact size) and fresh, crisp carrots. Mild was very mild, medium was somewhat mild, so next time I'll order hot, or some of the other flavors. Not the best wings I've had, but not bad considering the price. For this area and for the price I recommend Wings Express (Main off Stapley), and a little further away is Wingstop (Riverview).
Man I really love this Long Wongs. I've been to a lot of different franchises but I think this one is the best. The wings are amazing the burgers and sandwiches are great and the pizza is really good as well. 

The atmosphere in this one is not so great though. It's not a great place to eat in at. The TVs are super tiny smaller than than a iPad and it's dark.
Bad visit at this joint.  Wings much to small, dry but not over cooked, warm beer in the bottle.  Tried a cheese steak.  Burnt onions and peppers, steak dry over cooked.  Best Wings for me #ZippsSportsGrill.
Found this review in my drafts... It's been about 3 years since I went there.. Who knows if it's eve still open...was gonna delete but after reading it I remembered how mad I was and decided to post!

Worst customer service ever!  Called in to go order 30 minutes before got here to pick up and waited for 45 minutes for my order... Guy at counter either hates his job or just doesnt care about anything... People in and out never once did any staff  say hi or how can I help you and everyone had to wait at the counter for him to return because he was never standing there... Never to return...
I've been to this Long Wong's a few times and have enjoyed the experience. Great wings, chill atmosphere with cool airbrushed flames on the walls, and friendly customer service. You get great food at a great price at this Long Wong's! Love this place!
Horrible customer service. Place looks old cheap and dirty. We had a large party so we were putting tables together and the guy working there said that if we were going to move the tables that we had to put it back before we left. The guy even had the audacity to come check after we left trying to look all intimidating. Won't be going back ever. In case this helps it was a big guy with bradded hair that was the rude one. We were a large party of paying customers the least we ask for is to have decent customer service.
I love the wings here. They are the right size and price. Especially when you buy the buckets. Medium and honey BBQ are my favorites.
My BFF and I were walking in Christown Spectrum Mall last night when we came upon Wingstop. Leaning over the bar that separates the mall from the restaurant, we decided that one day we'd return for beer and wings. But, mostly for the beer and to people watch...because that's what one does at CS Mall. After parting ways, I decided to give Wingstop a shot and was pleasantly surprised. 

The restaurant was nearly empty when I walked in at 8 there was a young couple with their baby cart on a counter and a lady with a Wal-Mart shopping cart with her purchases (including a case of beer). Wingstop doesn't have a huge menu but they have the basics for survival: wings, fries, beer. With nine sauces from which to chose---Atomic, Cajun, Original Hot, Mild, Hickory Smoked BBQ, Lemon Pepper, Garlic Parmesan, Hawaiian and Teriyaki---there's a great variety of options. I sampled the Atomic and instantly knew that my mouth and stomach would hate me if I selected that sauce. Instead, I ordered a 10 piece boneless combo and Pacifico. I was given the option of two sauces---Original Hot and Garlic Parm, in this case---and a dip, blue cheese. After being informed it would take about nine minutes, I took a seat to take in the scene. 

First, I have to say the customer service was incredible. It's truly appreciated when young people exhibit even mediocre customer service skills and the crew here were solid. 

As for the food, the wings were very good. The Original Hot are your basic wing sauce, nothing too fancy; the Garlic Parm was great with a generous sprinkling of parmesan cheese. The fries, as the website state, are fresh-cut and you can tell they're not processed in the normal fashion of fries, which is a good thing. You can even request more of your sauce or another from the list in which to dip your fries or wings. Sweet! The only complaint I have is the paper towels are only one roll located at the front counter. I guess I can understand keeping costs down by limiting the amount of waste that could happen, but wings can get messy.

Tuesday nights they have a $2 beer special: all beer is only $2!

By the time I left the front dining area had filled up a bit more, an encouraging sign. If you find yourself in the CS Mall area, stop on by. Entrances are from the parking lot and the mall.
My friends and I went in Wingstop at two minutes to midnight thinking these people are going to hate us...they close at midnight. We were surprised. We offered to take order to go, and they were so nice. They told us to take as long as we like..so we kind of did. We ordered the lemon pepper, which was off the charts amazing. We also ordered the hot, which was good. The BBQ was amazing. These are the best wings in town. The ranch was homemade, and the fries had what tasted like sugar on them. They also have pitchers of beer, which is probably last thing we needed...but we had a driver. The staff was so friendly. They offered to package the wings we had left to go. To our surprise when we got home they had given us extra dinner rolls, ranch, beans, and potato salad. This place is awesome. Been to other Wingstops, which are wonderful...but the staff killed it tonight...and the food rocked..
I never ate here until last week. I'm picky on the wings, for me they have to have the right sauce and enough meat. Well I came here and ordered the bbq boneless wings and they are bomb! I mean good! The fries are okay too but I think they add sugar on them and that's weird. Other than that it was good. I also tried some of the hawaiian flavor wings but I didn't like them. They kind of tasted like the chinese sweet and sour chicken.
Best wings I've ever had are here. They have loads of choices in flavor as well as strips and sandwiches. Reasonably priced too. Been to this Wingstop many times with no issues whatsoever. Usually get the 30 wings, fries, and veggies. I think it's $24.99. Give or take. Love this place.
Normally good wings and plenty of different sauces to choose from.   A wing order will usually take 10 - 15 minutes.  So if a worker says that "it will be 5 mins," you can be sure that they are pulling old wings from under the lamp to serve.  (usually during slow times)

A wing that has been sitting under the lamp for 15+ mins will be dehydrated.  And unless you like dry and crunchy wings, you'll have to remind them to cook it fresh.
Who said that KFC is the only chicken in town that is finger licking good? I have to say that is not true. The finger sized chicken wings either bone in or bone out are the best finger popping chicken I have ever had. The freshly made never frozen chicken takes a while to cook but is worth the wait. I believe there are 12 different flavors to choose as a wing sauce or seasoning. My favorite is the Lemon Pepper. Taste like home cooked fried chicken with some good ole seasoning. The fries freshly cut from real potatoes are a great partner in crime to the mouth. These tasty skins are packed with seasoning in every bite. 

The Resturant offers meal deals or individual food items for sale. You can purchase party platters for big football days when friends and family come. 

This location has its liquor license so you can purchase ice cold bottles beer besides soda. 

The Resturant has late hours and a big screen TV. Place to take the kiddos too. Plenty of food fun here...
Who said that KFC is the only chicken in town that is finger licking good? I have to say that is not true. The finger sized chicken wings either bone in or bone out are the best finger popping chicken I have ever had. The freshly made never frozen chicken takes a while to cook but is worth the wait. I believe there are 12 different flavors to choose as a wing sauce or seasoning. My favorite is the Lemon Pepper. Taste like home cooked fried chicken with some good ole seasoning. The fries freshly cut from real potatoes are a great partner in crime to the mouth. These tasty skins are packed with seasoning in every bite. 

The Resturant offers meal deals or individual food items for sale. You can purchase party platters for big football days when friends and family come. 

This location has its liquor license so you can purchase ice cold bottles beer besides soda. 

The Resturant has late hours and a big screen TV. Place to take the kiddos too. Plenty of food fun here...
I've heard a lot of good reviews so I went and tried it out. The place was clean and good service. I wasn't a fan of the wings they are more on the slimy side. The French fries had good seasoning.
Wing stop is delicious! The chicken is always cooked perfectly and super crispy. This wing stop in particular is very stingy with their wing sauces though. A lot of the time there just isn't enough sauce making the chicken some what bland depending what flavor. The French fries are seasoned very good, yet are disgusting due to the lack of crisp or crunch. They are extremely soggy and mushy. Even when asked to make them extra crispy they fail and are just as soft. I go to this location a lot because it's the closet to me, I haven't had such issues at other locations. The customer service here is alright, nothing great. The employees look very sad or like they don't want to be there. And there are often little mistakes such as forgetting the drinks, side sauces, incorrect change back, and wrong type of wings (boneless or bone in). Overall wing stop is great with their chicken, just this location makes me second guess since all the aspects besides the chicken are poor.
Never been here before although I've known of it for years. Today my biz partner and I will try the Blazin Wings which are supposed to be hotter than the devil with chlamydia. We will see. I will report soon.

Ok I'm back. The Blazin wings were good but not hot enough for me. The mango habanero was delicious. Desert heat a close 2nd.  I have came, I have conquered. Respect my gangsta.
Ok ive passed this place is a whole bunch of times but have never went inside , tonight I was ready to get my mouth set on fire so if I went all out I started with the blazing wings ,the mango habanero, asian zing, and topped it off with desert heat 

If your not into really hot spicy food do not even attempt  to do what i just did. I started with the hottest 1st and I took a bite into the blazing wing it was perfect it made my baby lips tingle and set my mouth on fire what I was able to take it like a man . And proceeded to eat about 4 more back to back w no problem, since my mouth was on fire I washed it down w some blue moon beer . Perfect combo, I moved onto the mango  habanero and was no problem I really like this one as a fav, next was asian zing little mild for me but flavorfull and desert heat was perfect to end everything , I all the wings and it left me wanting more so I ended up ordering another ten more different type of wings I will say that I will be back to satisfy my spicy mouth hunger but I know my butthole will hate me in the morning
Slooooooooowwwwww.  I tried ordering online so the food would be ready when I got there, or shortly thereafter.  WRONG!!  I actually waited an additional 40 minutes after I arrived.  

I love Wing Stop, but this location needs improvement in a very bad way.  I will have to find another location for my fix.
Food and service sucked !!! 
So to begin with the cashier was very quiet and hard to understand. To add on, she kept picking up the phone and interrupting my order as I was ordering. She managed to get my order. My friend orders and is interrupted as well. To make it even more annoying the cashier gave her the wrong change and was 10.00 off . To top it off, it wasn't even a busy day. 
Takes about 20 minutes to get our food, chicken is dropping in oil not crispy and out fries were soggy and bland. 
I would never go back, might as well set my money on fire
i love buffalo wild wings!  they have a variety of different sauces to smother your chicken in from flavors like bbq, teriyaki, hot and carribean jerk!  there is something to please all palettes!  they also serve burgers, ribs and sandwiches here.  the full bar is also nice if you want to get a beer to go with your wings.  my favorite thing is the chicken tenders in the spicy garlic sauce.  yum!  i wish there was one in california that wasn't in the boondocks!  i would be here once a week..
2 years or so ago I used to frequent this BWW.  It was close by and the bartenders rocked.  When my favorite bartender left I didn't come in as much.  With that being said out of the 6 or so BWW I have eaten at in Vegas this is still my favorite.  The wings usually come out hot and I have not really had any problems with my simple order.  

I order the same thing every time 12 wings 6 hot and 6 spicy garlic with potato buffalo chips cajun style.  The most frequent complaint I have is they forget to put the cajun spices on the buffalo chips, but this happens far more often at other BBW...

It isn't as busy as some of the other BWW, but the food is better.  So if you are going for the party I would not recommend it but if you want the best BBW wings in Vegas check it out.
I was worried because I was in North Las Vegas and thought I would have trouble finding a decent place to eat.  Luckily for me I found Buffalo Wild Wings.  I am thankful that they have expanded out west so much recently.

Like everytime I got 8 boneless wings and buffalo chips with cheese and cajun spice.  Lately I have been getting the desert heat dry rub.  It is a promotional optionn and a nice change from the normal.

As usual the food was good and the atomosphere it nice.  The free wifi allowed me the chance to get a little work done while I was there.
I don't know what happened since the 2009 reviews but this place is Ghetto.  Worst Service in the world.  I know numerous people who will never go there again.  They drive further away to other BWW to eat.  Agai, it's not the food, it's the lack of service.  So sad.
I'm not sure what I expected for Buffalo Wild Wings, but it was not what we got; from this location any-how. I expected a modern looking dining establishment all about the Buffalo Wings. I did not expect a totally nondescript pub scene. I guess I expected celery crudité with bleu cheese dressing on the table. I did not expect an electronic trivia game with a console at the table (sort of what TGI Fridays does; in fact it may be the same network). I was thinking this would be the place for a young crowd; and while there were young people there it was also an older crowd.  So many things I expected, very few 
expectations met.

What does it mean when I cannot determine what type of décor the restaurant designers were shooting for? Were they trying to make a unique statement? If so I have no idea what they wanted. If they wanted to be a sports bar they sorta succeeded at that, the monitors were ubiquitous. If they wanted to be a pub, I think they kinda covered the walls with pub'ish sort of stuff. If they wanted to make their customers comfortable they failed utterly with raw wood benches for the booths and chairs around the four-tops; however if the strategy was to get people in and out of the place they accomplished that. The course seating arrangements meant that I could not sit for long; but on the upside for Buffalo Wild Wings it means that they can clean up all the spilt sauce with no problem.

The food, yeah what about the food... There was nothing wrong about the food (although interestingly enough we were not attracted to the Buffalo Wings at all) but there was also nothing so unique about the food that made me go "I got to have it". What my wife and I both ended up with was the "Burger Beef Stack" which fell into the category of "what's not to like" (it was like brisket with an onion ring between two burgers on a bun, so what's not to like); however we both would have like to see the burger a bit more on the medium (or god forbid the medium rare) side, it would have made the whole thing taste better. For the potatoes we both chose the "chips" which were rather good. The food was all about "what can we do with prepackaged food", from the burgers to the desserts. With this attitude it is no wonder there is nothing spectacular here, but also nothing so wrong that it is offensive. I will however be eating wings and some of their like 20 sauces on the next go round (which should give you a clue where this review is going.)

The staff was well train if a bit on the over anxious side. I do not know what it is lately, that servers have to be so annoying and look for the tip so hard, but it seems to be the case in more and more establishments. Here is a clue for all you servers out there; like children, servers should be seen and not heard. It should go something like this: We see you when we are seated for drinks and specials, then we see you for our order (and give us about 5 minutes at least). Our next interaction should be when YOU serve us. Personally I do not like this idea of team service, others bringing out the food and then having to ask "who gets the Limburger and Goat Cheese salad". Other interaction should require little to no interaction. I expect you to refill my beverage when it gets low; I expect you to clear plates when I have signaled I am done by putting my silverware and napkin on the plate, or moved it to the side. When refilling water or iced tea, I expect you to lift my glass off the table and fill it over the floor where if it spills it will NOT get all over the table or customers. Optionally you can set a "Drink Back" on beverages that call for free refills (be remember to clear the empties when you have the chance). Otherwise I do expect a "check up" about half way through the meal and then after the main service with a dessert inquiry. Finally, serve out dessert and/or check promptly so we may leave when we desire. In the case of Buffalo Wild Wings, where the seats are so uncomfortable, the sooner we can leave, we will, and leave the booth open for no one to fill. The fact is the more attention you give us beyond a reasonable measure is just annoying. As customers we want to talk amongst ourselves, have a conversation.

But I must say someone is one the ball with this place, it is the first place that has enticed us into dessert in a long time; and I know why. Serving size. All the places around now seem to think the more the better when in truth the right amount the better. If you serve me a two pound burger, what are the odds I am going to be peck'ish enough to order dessert and up my bill by another $10? The amount of food served here was just right and I wanted a dessert to "Fill in the Corners" as JRR Tolkien once put it.

What it all comes down to is quirky but acceptable experience that I will visit again, probably soon. I will be back which should say more for the place than the whole review.
One of the best spots in Vegas to get some wings. They have a variety of flavors, garlic parmesan and mango habanero being my favorite. Buffalo Wild Wings or BWW as I like to call also has a bar for those who like to drink, a great place to eat with the family. Here in Vegas it's open 24 hours for those with late night appetites. They also show free PPV's like UFC fights.
After the location on Craig's got too popular, this was the one that we went to for MNF.  The service is just as good, but less people in the way.  It's a little bit smaller, but if you can get to the back corner of the bar, and have that big screen for your group, you're set.
What can I say... 45 cents chicken wings tuesdays! gotta love it! 20 naked wings with a side of honey bbq sauce.. yummmm... I go to bdubs are least twice a month, if not more. Never get fed up or tired of it. I love wings :)
So... where do I start?

Came here 2 nights ago... with a bunch of guys of course.
They all had beers... me on the other hand... well I don't drink... which leads to me to review on the food and service.

I ordered one of their wraps... it took over 30 mins to arrive after placing my order. Why did it take that long to get to me? My friends said they messed up on my order... oh and the worst part after the long wait... It didn't have any flavor and the taste was horrible! I had wedges with my wrap... and that was decent. 

I suggest only coming here if you're a guy looking for a casual sports bar to have drinks with friends... and don't order any of the food items. My other friend ordered a chicken sandwich and it looked really scary... he didn't want to eat it but he was really hungry.  My other friend ordered the nachos... from my view... it looked really cheap and horrible. No good quality here when it comes to food.

Parking wasn't a problem. Seating wasn't a problem. Very casual. 

I would never be caught in a BWW again... first and last visit for me. Can't believe I spent 2 hours in here. yuck.

NEXT.
The 3 stars are for the food ONLY!
Get it to-go or suffer through the wait lines on any sporting event day because they don't take reservations ahead of time, and the shoddy excuse for service.  Oh did I mention you REALLY shouldn't order water because it takes like dirt and smells like chemicals.
I used to love this place but now I cant even bear to eat their wings. I guess if i go here again, I'll order something else besides wings. I'm not sure what they did, but their wings have been stale, overcooked, and old lately. I'll pass. I dont know if its a new cook there, or they changed something up or what... I think I'll give other wing-places a shot.
I use to stop in every once in a while for a grilled chicken wrap and a game of Golden Tee after I would get off work.  I would even call in an order for take out here and there.  The bar is always empty on grave yard when I would go in.  Old bartender was nice, but the new one looks like he is always busy, even when no one is there.  I called in my order last time and it couldn't have been more wrong.  Once I get home, I refuse to go back to fix the problem.  I just won't order food anymore.  Not to mention they did away with the grave yard wing special.  I will stop in for a beer and game of Golden Tee, but that is about it.
I love this bar. They know me here and they know what I want when I walk in.
Theres always great food and drink specials. Great atmosphere for girls night out or for friends to come together for the big game or big fight. Wings are awesome of course, and I love how they will bring you any kind of sauce you want to try! Service has been good to me so far, except for one occasion where the waitress literally had us get our drinks from the bar instead of bringing them to us :/ kinda rude!
I used to LOVE this locaton since it was right up the street from my house but they either have changed the mgr or the cooks something! it just doesnt taste the same at all and they dont seem to coat the wings well bonless wings like wing stop.  I hate to say it but will not order wings from here for awhile til i actually hear good things and see a change.
Just like any other B Dubbs location this one is fun for friendly get together to have some beers or any other drinks and some amazing wings.

Happy hour specials from 3p-7p and 10p-6a from Absolut specials to Jack Daniels. Of course we all know about the Tuesday and Thursday wing specials I'm sure we all take advantage.

The staff is very friendly and if you go there often they'll definitely remember your order down to the T on every visit lol. The only problem is that everybody and their mama go to this location so you're bound to run into anybody you may be avoiding lol.
I love the buffalo chips and cheese. Make sure you get them extra crispy. Its always fun and the service is good if you get the right person. The bar isn't to packed during the week. Also, they have a new flat bread pizza Spinach and Chicken SOOOO good.
Bad food... Wings are oily and cold!
The food is super good, the wait is super bad!
OMG. Don't bother frequenting the Buffalo Wild Wings on Centennial. We sat in the lobby area between the doors for our 10-15 min wait. No big deal, but the hostess "forgot we were out there". Nice. She takes us to a table, points & walks away. hmmm...ok. (We saw her do that pretty much every time she seated somebody). We sit for another 10-15 min before anyone comes over. Another 30 min later (& after the appetizer gets there), then my drink comes. No napkins. Finally the waiter takes our order. Other people come in after us, get seated first, get thier food, eat & leave & our food STILL hasn't come. Waiter disappeared. About an hour & 1/2 into it, we ask for the manager (who hasn't been seen at all up to this point). She checks on the food & disappears, too. We get up to go pay for what we DID get & are told that she can't do anything and has to get the manager. Really? She's not able to ring up drinks and one appetizer? I told her she better get on it because I would like to pay our bill & go to a place where we can get DINNER. Our waiter comes up front & says the manager is boxing up our food. FINALLY, the manager comes back out (without any food) & says our tab is good, she won't charge us. Gee, thanks. Never again.

We started going to this location after the service & food went downhill at the Montecito location on N Durango. Thier portions suddenly got a LOT smaller & food was way overcooked. The female bartender there was too busy flirting to serve us when we sat at the bar.  When she finally did come over, she was obviously annoyed by our mere presence. 

I don't know what is going on with this chain, but they won't be getting any more money out of us.
Crazy place with big screen TVs covering every game.  Loud crowds, a buzz in the air, its a fun place to hang out, have a few beers and eat some wings.  There are many different wet sauces and several dry rub choices to pick from.  The "hotness" ranges from mild, just barely a burn to the hottest habanaro sauce.  

Wings are cooked as ordered, takes a while to get them but service is quick, the staff is friendly and the atmosphere is fun.
If I could give this place zero stars I would. We have eaten here twice recently, but only because my wife is pregnant and has fried pickle cravings. The food is atrocious, from the wings, to the sandwiches, to the burgers, even the mac & cheese in the kid's meals. The wings are supposed to be the main attraction, yet they were a strange color and cold as if they had been sitting out for a while, not to mention the taste was bland. Even frozen TGIF wings that you can buy at the grocery store are better than these. My sister had a burger which was black, thin, rubbery, and just plain disgusting. I had pork sliders which were as dry as a bone, even with BBQ sauce on them. My son had the mac & cheese kid's meal. The mac was cold and hard and stuck together, the cheese tasted horrible on it. He loves mac & cheese and would barely touch this stuff.

The waitress (same woman both times) was a snaggletooth with a mouth full of decaying, yellowed teeth and she reeked of cigarette smoke...kinda makes you lose your appetite. She brought us the wrong thing a couple times or forgot to bring certain meal items.

Overall, I would highly recommend staying away from BWW. Awful food, crappy service.
This is the place to be on UFC fight nights because they put out extra tables so you can watch the fight for free!  The service can get tricky since it does get really packed and busy.  If you are planning to watch the fight there I suggest going early and just hanging out.  Other than that the wings are great just like any other night!
I had AYCE bone-in wings for 14 on a friday afternoon during a lunch break.

- difficult parking. bunch of uhauls take up space.
- lots of TVs! you watch olympics, basketball, mma, baseball, practically anything!
- slow service. very important bc i only have a 1 hour lunch break. 1st wings (10) comes out in 15-20m. it was fairly empty too when we were there. 
- comes with french fries and 2 sides of ranch
- every other order comes with only 5 wings. took 10m to receive.
- compared to chicken bonz, lemon pepper is not as salty, which is a good thing
- spicy garlic is pretty salty. expect an extra water refill. 
- in 30m, i was able to take in 25 wings. not bad. 
- that comes to about 50cents a wing. ehh, alright..
This place is alright.

Great place to watch football with the kids though =)
I don't live too far from here and actually tried to avoid eating here for a couple of reasons;

1.  Poor customer service at the Bullhead AZ Location
2.  Rude employees at the Encinitas CA location

Not this locations fault for me to not come by.  A few people out here swear by this place.  I reviewed a couple of Yelp reviews and you get mixed reviews.  I might as well test them for myself.  Besides, it was 4 hours since my last meal, I was starving like a mad man, and driving on Centennial Parkway.  Didn't want Roberto's, McDonalds, and was in the mood for IN-N-Out (surprisingly). I gave them a shot and here we go.

-Not busy considering it was Saturday night and a couple of games were going.  I am assuming that like most BWW, gets pretty busy during UFC and NFL Games.

-Ambiance:  Actual a chill type bar and restaurant.

-Customer Service and Staff:  So far, the best I've seen at a BWW's.  Tons of staff everywhere.  All were friendly.  Greeting on the way in and way out.  Food ordered and received quick. Waitress and bartenders always checking up on me. 

-Food:  Had their Boneless Garlic Chicken and Buffalo Ranch Chicken.  I was never a fan of BWW's wings or even boneless chicken, but their Buffalo Ranch Chicken was pretty good.  Next time I will probably ask that the ranch and sauce is on the side.  

-Price:  Cheap, in my opinion.  Bill was less than $10.  

-Drinks:  Didn't have any, but who is messing this up.  Only poor customer service and outrageous prices can give drinks a poor review.  Based on what I noticed, BWW Centennial delivers.

Will I come back?  Probably will during NFL games and hang out with the homies.  Regarding food, there's enough of a selection to find your needs.  It's basically a sports grill, so expect tailgate type fried food.  The staff at this location has brought me back.  

PS:  Honey, school tomorrow.  Get your homework done and go to sleep early. Love you.
absolutely horrible. i live very close and used to go here quite a bit but i finally had enough and will not be back. the service is completely terrible. we have literally waited over half an hour for service on multiple occasions.  i can't count the number of times i've sat way too long with an empty drink, both at tables and at the bar.  it doesn't matter if they're busy or not, the service is always horrendous. once we specifically asked to be seated in the one good server's section and they wouldn't accommodate us even though there was plenty of room. every person i know who has been here (which is a lot of people) have had the same experience. it's a shame because it's one of the only places around that isn't full of smoke and they show all the games, but i'll just be staying at home from now on.  absolutely do not recommend.
Food is always way over cooked or makes you sick. Health Inspector needs to do a field day here.
Amazing honey BBQ sauce.  Wings wet and crispy.  Great atmosphere.  I can't imagine going anywhere else for wings.
Nice.love bdubs. Forever
I recall when the first location opened on Craig rd., it was great and this became home for dinner, lunch and sometimes in the morning after a graveyard shift. Now the staff on Craig Rd acts like they do not want to be there and can be rude at times. It's not just me but I hear this around the area from others. I have since moved near the Centennial location and had the same experience. During my first visits I loved the place, staff and people were great. Now that management has changed a couple of times the place has gone downhill. I can really tell the difference since Bobbi was the manager here and now. Staff is slow and appears to be there just to collect a pay check; no one has a welcoming attitude. Yes they greet you when come in but it feels like they are greeting because that is the rule. My first sign of the decline was when I waited 40 minutes for an order of wings from the bar. I showed a manager the time stamp on my order receipt and all I got was a, "oh okay,  I'm sorry" and he walked away. As of this past Thursday (July 9, 20130) I have decided to stop coming here. I ordered six wings, spinach dip, two beers and two scotches. I noticed on the other side of the bar a customer complaining to the manager and the bar tender making a drink near me with an attitude saying, "whatever" and other employees coming in the bar area trying to see what was going on. That was really nothing compared to a couple of hours after I got home. My stomach was cramping all night and the next morning and I was running to take a crap every hour or two through the night. That was the last straw; a place I once loved has gone completely downhill. Now I understand why PT's down the street has all of the business.
Although this is my favorite wing place, this location has got to be the worst. The parking lot is jammed packed and has tight spaces. This location is small and very dark inside. No music no friendly people kinda freaky. I recommend going to the one on Craig Road.
We sat for 10 mins in the bar booths... No one came... So we moved to the dining room .  There we sat for almost 20 mins and still no one approached us. We watched 3 tables sat after us get greeted.   Servers were standing around chit-chatting.  The manager was busing tables instead of greeting.  When there was plenty open tables.  We visit often sometimes just 1 but up to 12 of us.  I even asked to be helped.  Still no one.  We left and more than likely not return.  This caused the loss of loyal customers.
We just left and did not get fed.  The wait staff is just that they make you wait.  We sat there for over 7 minutes without one of the 5 servers that walked by us.  They did not say a word.  I asked for the manager and she came by and took our drink & appetizer
order.  We got the appetizer (without napkins or silverware) before we got our drinks (sodas and water).  When they came and delivered the food we were missing 1/3 of the order and what we did get was reheated and inedible.  We still did not have silverware.  After we waited 5 minutes the server stopped by to say she was sorry for the mix up.  It was too late, I asked to see the manager one more time as we were leaving.  The manager did stop by to apologize for the night.
We selected the wrong place to celebration our daughter getting her driver's license.
We may try another BWW but we will not go back to this one.
Horrible service at the bar. Bartenders are oblivious to customers  needing drinks. I sat here for 30 minutes with a menu in front of me and not once did I get asked If I wanted to order food.
Love this place. Awesome food and good people
The food was fine but the kitchen was way to slow. It took 40 min to get the food after we placed our order. The Togo meal took just as long so I know it wasn't a fluke.
Nice happy hour deals, but I like to sit at the bar and watch a game and to get served there is nearly impossible! Every time I've been here the same female bartender fails to acknowledge me for 10 minutes and then fails to acknowledge me for another 30 minutes after I received my first beer. Good food but horrible service.
Rachel makes it 5 stars, even on a super crowded n crazy UFC night like tonight! Great food, even better service. Not too much room to move around ounce it gets crowded though.
I was debating between 1 and 2 stars; I'm trying to find some reason not to down-grade it.    Service was terrible!  Wait, wait, wait, wait.  It seemed like that's what we did for the entire 1 and 1/2 hours we were there.  Waited to get our orders in, waited to get drinks, waited (1/2 hour) for food to arrive, waited to complain about the order not being right, waited (12 minutes) for a missing order of french fries, waited another 15 minutes for our check.  I couldn't wait to get out of there.  It's not like it's gourmet food served with fine linens.  It's fried chicken served in small cardboard trays, for crying out loud!  The food was good (when it arrived) but it was way overpriced for what you get.  It was like fancy Chicken McNuggets with "Special" BBQ sauce... Won't go back.
Great burger and wings as always! But customer service could have been better.. I had to wait a while for the food and my beer but otherwise than that good
Literally walked out after waiting 15 mins for a waiter/ess and we got nada! The bartenders kept looking over at my bf and I, yet no one came to our table. Thumbs down BWW... 3 bartenders and the manager and still no service.
I don't know why we bother with this location, you'll wait at least 10-15 minutes before they approach you for a simple hello and drink order. Go to Craig location instead.
The food at buffalo wild wings is awesome. The only problem with this particular one, is the service. The only times we have been there, which are a handful of times, it either took forever to get our food...or they forgot us. We don't order anything special, it's famous for wings, so we order wings. The two times that were the worst go like this. First, it took 1 1/2 his to get our food. People that came in after us had come and gone. Second, the waitress didn't even put in our order. We sat there waiting for an hour, seeing others get their food, and finally asking what is taking so long. The waitress told us that she hadn't even put in our order. She apologized, which is fine, it happens...but to have such bad customer service multiple times at the same facility is very bad for any company.
Great Service, I Came To Watch The Game And Have A few Drinks, it Wasn't Crowded It Was Just Enough People, Great TV Views At The Bar Area, Will Come Back
I have to give it 4 on beer selection and screens for football. But every time I go there me and my wife fight. It has a weird vibe for a date. It's to dude I think and chicks somehow get squirrelly in there. I know I do ok. Lace is great for bee and wings with dudes though. Kinda like clear frat party ish
Food is good and this place is pretty convenient for us. We're here every couple weeks. Service is usually pretty good. Can get a little busy at times but what else would you expect. We won't be coming here nearly as often though. Just found out they switched from Coke to Pepsi. Doesn't work for us. Would still recommend for the food.
Blah.....its been 5 years since my last visit to a BWW .....I remember why. The chicken was ok at best and service a step below the chicken. The dry "rub" was not rubbed on.....more like poured on. The beer was cold and a good selection. 
 I resisted coming here due to BWW's stance on guns and probably won't be coming back anytime soon.
Yes, I'm giving Buffalo Wild Wings 4 stars. This is a rarity, but this location is nostalgic for me and has never let me down. I lived not far from here during the 5+ years I lived in Las Vegas, and when this spot opened my friends and I didn't go anywhere else. The bar staff  and their service was always terrific (even at 4am), and the happy hour specials cannot be beat. It's open 24 hours and the food is bar quality consistent! I rarely eat at Buffalo Wild Wings since I moved away, but this location holds a special place in my heart.
Terrible service from here last night.  My husband and I walked in around 12:15 am and there was only one bartender by the bar.  We sat down at the bar and did not receive a greeting.  After waiting about 10 minutes we still received no menus or any acknowledgement.  The bartender then proceeded to walk back to the kitchen.  He did see us then and said he would be right back to help us.  After waiting maybe another 5-10 minutes the bartender still had not returned so we left.  Worse service ever!
Usually is a 4 star place for us.  My daughter ordered a salad for dinner and turns out they didn't have salad mix so no salad for the girl tonight. Good thing she likes chicken fingers too. Asian Zing is always good. I'm sure it'll be back to 4 stars next time.

Editing....just noticed no silverware and ordered spun tenders.  Didn't happen. Slacking a little tonight BWW.
Great place to eat and watch the games.  And this is at a great location. Great service.
I ordered a black cherry mojito and a Caesar salad with no chicken. The bartender brought me a strawberry drink, I forming me that they were out of cherry a so that "will just have to do." After 60mns I was brought a spring salad with chicken that I sent back. After 90minutes they brought me a chicken Caesar salad, at that point I just said forget it.  The 6 other people we dined with waited just as long with various problems with their order. We didn't receive our check until 2.5hrs after our order. To top it off a cockroach ran under our table while we were waiting. The management showed no interest in his staffs inability to serve.  Terrible experience, definitely never going back.
No stars for this place! I went there on Wednesday kids eat for$1 .. We got there and the assistant manager asked how many we where and I said 8, she mouthed"wow" they  sat  us down and the waiter took a while to come over.  When she does, she tells me I need 4 adults ( w/ ID) for the 4 kids meals I'm getting, I told her why do I need iDs if I'm paying for 4 regular meals n  4 kids meals isn't that the same... I just got "that's what the manager told me "not really keeping their word on that deal are they!
I left to a different location (Craig ) and had a total different experience!
Talk about a great way to watch the game. Went to BWW to watch the World Cup and couldn't have asked for a better experience. TV's everywhere airing the World Cup in addition to key baseball games! Great service, wings and Beer! The waitress was extremely personable and fast, even with all the tables she had to wait on. The wings (boneless) were tasty, and the blue moon beer I had made t the perfect combo. 
I recommend trying the fried pickles as an appetizer....on point!

-Joe
Many flavors of chicken wings under one roof.  from mild to nuclear hot.  Great for a snack, and for late night runs.
Wings wings wings and more wings....  Yum!  So many flavors, so little time.  I like this place,  there's so many different flavors and heat levels - you'll never get bored.  Lot's of beer too!
Some friends said that this place has "the best wings ever" so being the conoseiur that I am, I had to try it. 

The wings tasted like.... sauce. That's all I could taste. I tried the garlic and the honey bbq, and was not impressed by either. The garlic is too hot and overpowers the flavor of the chicken. The honey bbq was a good sauce (not too sweet like a lot of places) but they just put so much on that it was dripping off the wings.

They have a lot of beers to choose from... but its all pilsner trash. PBR and Bud and the like. It's a sports bar place, not my type of atmosphere.
walter g is right, the wings basically taste like sauce. but thats what they are famous for. 

they  have about 20 or so different types of flavored wings, if you're someone that likes to try little samplettes of different stuff, you can get the 24 wings and get 4 different flavors of wings and split it with a friend. 

i tried the carribean jerk, teriyaki, garlic parmasean, and asian spice.

if you eat 12 of their 'blazin' wings within 6 mins, you can get your picture on their wall. 

i feel like i can handle my heat pretty well, so i asked the server for a sample of the blazin sauce, and i'd have to say that it is pretty spicey, but i feel like it was kind of hyped, it was expecting it to be way more spicier, so spicy where you can't taste if it is salty or flavored, its just straight spicy.

it was actually pretty good tasting, i would try maybe one wing just to say that i tried it, but i would suggest you do it after you try all the other flavors, b/c i tried blazin before everything else, and everything else didn't seem spicy afterwards since your tastebuds are pretty muched seasoned to the spiciest one first. the caribbean jerk was pretty spicy good, it was an enjoyable reasonable kinda of spicy. blazin made the top of my nose sweat a little. hahaha

garlic parmasean pretty much tastes like garlic bread but in the chicken form. 

teryiaki was good b/c it was nice and sweet and made the chicken kinda caramelized. asian pretty much tasted like sweet and sour sauce but with some chili pepper.

mango jabanero wasn't as spicy as i thought it would be, it was kinda good b/c it was nice and sweet and mangoey. 

the onion rings were pretty good, it comes with liek a chipotle mayo sauce, and the small size, the portion size was pretty good for what you pay for. i thought everything was resonably priced and tasted pretty good.

the restaurant is pretty big, there is no wait, and its open 24 hrs. they have tons of sports playing everywhere, we stayed after our meal was over to watch the new american gladiators on the huge projection screen (only one that has sound). other screens are on mute. 

service was good, all the servers are girls in t heir 20's in football jersey type shirts. pretty quick with your requets for more water  when your mouth is on fire. 

their dessert menu is not that great, we opted not to get dessert there b /c nothing sounded very tantalizing.
It doesnt matter which BWW you go to, the wings are amazing! I have a thing for eating chicken wings. It's sort of an addiction I have, what can i say... not only does this place have chicken wings, they have an amazing assortment of sauces to flavor them. Everything from Mango Habanero to Asian Zing. Anytime i go to Vegas, i have to stop at one of these. 

What makes this place even more fun (as if the food wasn't enough), they have a free trivia contest that you can join in on when you're there. They give you this remote thingy and you can answer the trivia that shows up on the screens. I love this place. It's my previous love from a past life.
Among my BF's circle of friends, BWW is an institution. So as expected, we made a special trip just for my buffalo-wing-loving honey.

Our service experience here was 5 STARS. We were seated immediately in a crowded, lively environment and our order was taken shortly thereafter. He ordered 25 wings with the Mango Habenero, Garlic & Honey BBQ, & the Blazin' Wings (super hot). I don't eat yard bird myself, so I ordered the fish and chips and the mozzarella sticks.

The waiter came back a few minutes later with our full order and profuse apologies about the mozzarella sticks not coming out sooner -- as a result, they wanted to comp them for us (this showed up as "food goof" on our bill. Cute). Which was very nice, considering we weren't paying attention either way. I asked for some extra lemon and sugar for my iced tea and our waiter blinked it right over, a la "I Dream of Jeannie." Then the manager came by a few moments later to just to make sure we were happy with our meal. Very attentive service, I was duly impressed. Or maybe they just thought I worked at the Spearmint Rhino or something.

The fish and chips were average but all I really did was drag my fries over his sauces to taste them (and they were quite yummy).

The wings. My bf was in a zone eating those things.  I knew better than to interrupt his culinary reverie, but I'm a woman, which means I'm entitled to put my man through random bouts of Spanish Inquisition-style hypothetical and circular questioning to which there are no right answers. 

Me: "So baaaaaby [stroking his arm]....what would you choose if you could only choose ONE - a plate of those wings or a blowjob?"

BF (with sauce on mouth):  "um....[finishes swallowing a chicken chunk]...
well, why can't I have both?"

me: "Because you CAN'T, you're stranded on a deserted island and you can only take my blowjobs or those chicken wings with you. Which one?"

BF: ""Would it be a finite amount of blowjobs or chicken wings, or would I have either indefinitely?"

me: "Indefinitely."

BF: "Well...without the wings, I wouldn't have any food, and I'd starve...."

me: [eyebrow raised]

BF (very quickly): "But I couldn't live without you anyway... I'd survive on coconuts and learn how to spear fish. Your blowjobs, for sure. [toothy grin] "

me: [leans over to kiss him]

Alas, I could see the truth in his eyes. There you have it: my BF would choose a plate of BWW over a blowjob. Wings. Wings of a dead bird. Wings of a dead bird that didn't even work as wings when the dead bird was an alive bird. If that doesn't speak about how good those things are, I don't know what does.  Either that, or I need to work on my technique.
This place is no different from any other BW3s except for the fact that this place has the great waitress Lindsey Love. Forever patient, she put up with my group of drunk friends 4 times over a 2 week span even bothering to learn our names, Jackasses 1-9. She spat back wise ass remarks to the ones we were dishing out to her, gave us sound advice on where to go to see the UFC fight, and even let us have the life sized cardboard cutout of a Coors girl. Thank you Lindsey Love.
Stopped by to pick up some $0.45 wings. Got a dozen Mango Habanero Wings and some celery. I called ahead and my wings were ready when I got there. The staff is always nice at this location.
I'm from San Diego. We don't have wings this good. They have wing deals and a plethora of sauces to choose from. Come with your buddies, get different sauces and try all their wings. I really don't know what else I can say except that I love you, Buffalo Wild Wings, and I hope you can come to San Diego so I don't have to shed a solitary tear every time I drive by a mediocre wing place in San Diego.
I generally like BW's I'm a sucker for the mango habenero.  I like that they have kids night on Wednesday but the service seems to be lousy even for a sports bar.  The kicker is that last time we went they didn't have trivia!  Part of the reason we go is to play trivia against each other.  The drinks are yummy, but overpriced for the amount of actual booze you are getting in their mixed drinks.
Oh how I crave spicy garlic wings
Hella good! enough said.
Great Service, Great Wings, enjoy the raffle during football
Wings are always ALWAYS good here, fires are hit or miss. Service is normally really good but we go here all the time for lunch and on on occasion during peak lunch rush it can take for ever so call ahead or build in some extra time if your in a hurry.
The Buffalo Wild Wings that made me a fan.  Great location, great size, and great service.
The 3 stars are for the food ONLY!
Get it to-go or suffer through the wait lines on any sporting event day because they don't take reservations ahead of time, and the shoddy excuse for service.  Oh did I mention you REALLY shouldn't order water because it takes like dirt and smells like chemicals.
Recently went for a late night dinner. Not crowded, service was still a little slow, but not terrible. The waitress was nice and polite. (Unusual nowadays) 
I've been here before on weekends and it's always crowded. Lunch time has been acceptable, quick enough to get back to work if you have an hour. 
The food was good and even as leftovers was still yummy!
Prices are reasonable.
My kids and I love playing the trivia games! Never a dull moment at B dubs!
My loyalty lies with Wingstop, well for boneless wings anyhow. But on Tuesdays BWW has a 40 cent traditional wing night. $15 wings cost me $7. Cheap! They also give you a raffle ticket for each beer you order, my friend won a certificate for 50 wings!!! I loved the Asian Zing, Hot BBQ and Medium. Thursdays is 60 cent boneless night but I think for boneless I'll stick with Wingstop. BWW atmosphere is nice to watch the game as well. The only downside is on any other night the food is overpriced for what you get.
I've been to this BWW so many times it may be weird that I'm giving it the two star rating. But the problem is I've been to other BWW's in the valley that are just SO much better than this one.

Here are the pro's: The place has a ton of TVs for your sports entertainment. Pair with a few beers, some wings and you got yourself a decent time with some friends. The wings are delicious, plenty of different spices to choose from. I personally prefer the boneless wings. The bar is decent as well, and I ALWAYS sit in the bar area. So that being said I can't comment on service in the restaurant portion of the place. Also to be noted - I've usually always had the same male bartender when I've been here and his service is actually great. He gets one of my stars all to himself.

Cons: It just isn't run as well as the other BWWs around town. Plus the place sometimes has a rank smell. I'm not sure what it is... but one time I went here and I literally walked out because there were soooo many people and it was just reeking of BO. Is it all the guys in there watching sports? I don't know... but maybe there should be a showering before entering policy or something. Oh and I've seen people in their cars getting baked out behind the place as well. Just not cool.

Lastly, it's a good place if you're a single lady and you want to find some cutie guys. Note - especially military as it is in the North Las Vegas area close to the AFB.

So there you have it. For some reason I'm sure I'll be back here... even though it's a pretty "meh" experience.
me and my girls are here all the time. The food specials are great and the service is good too. The wings of course are the main attraction here and they are as delicious as they seem. Tip: if you like your wings drenched in sauce, you have to let them know that! the atmosphere is very casual, and nice to have dinner with friends to watch the big game or the big fight.
What can I say?... BDubs is the best wings spot ever! Great employee staff, relaxed environment, awesome happy hour, and great deals on Tuesday and Thursday! I suggest grabbing some Asian Zing and Mango Habernaro wings and cold brew. It'll make your night that much better.
BWW Is awesome!!!! Especially on fight nights!!! I love coming here for some of they're new Southwest Bites and beer to watch some of my fave UFC Fighters on live circuit.
A-OK.

I have actually never been much of a fan of BWW, but inevitably, I'll find myself in one at some point or another.  How come?  Well, like children from across the ages (pun intended), I can still succumb to peer pressure when grossly outnumbered.  In my personal opinion all previous BWWs have only amounted to maybe a 2-star experience.  This specific one earns a whole other star thanks to the awesome waitress, and the experience she facilitated single-handedly.

I have yet to think the food at any BWW is more than just meh; I just expect a little more for the price.  I guess the experience justifies the mark-up for some.  Here is no different in that aspect.  I think it goes without saying that if you didn't like something, they do offer quite a selection in order to at least get it to be passable.

Now for the awesomeness.  As per usual, I was experiencing the dilemma of which sauce to pick.  I at least make it a point to try something new along with something I know I'll like -- just in case.  Well our lovely waitress noticed my indecision and offered our table to try them all.  Disbelief and excitement must have prevented me from immediately jumping all over that idea.  She took that moment to explain that what BWW employees usually do to become familiar with all the sauces.  I finally managed the motor skills required to nod my head vigorously, and off she went.  I didn't know what to expect at this point as we haven't even ordered anything beyond our drinks; had I, we probably should have ordered a basket of plain fries for the endeavor.  What she returned with was a large tray full of small, individually labeled containers with a dollop of the appropriate sauce in each.  I'm in heaven at this point, just using my designated pinky finger to try each and every single one.  The rest of my group tries a choice few, but no, I must try them all.

Here are my few take-aways:  Buffalo is a sauce, not a seasoning, and their attempt at this twist failed miserably, horribly, etc.  Salt & vinegar is as good on a wing as it is on a chip.  What the hell is the point of Mild?  Parmesan Garlic succeeds in getting those flavors not to overpower each other.  I would put Chipotle BBQ and especially Desert Heat on something else too [e.g. fries or ribs] if you know what's a good idea.  Where's the garlic in Spicy Garlic?  Jammin Jalapeno and Caribbean Jerk could use a little more refinement in getting that flavor right.  Thai Curry has surprisingly no false advertising in its name.  Mango Habanero sneaks up on ya.  Both Wild and Blazin are just heat without much flavor.  Everything else wasn't noteworthy; therefore neither horrible nor any good.

This sort of thing is what I live for.  Unfortunately, what little interest BWW had from me is now satisfied, and I see even less in returning to one.  Oh yeah, we ordered food after this endeavor, and I couldn't care enough to remember what I even thought about it.  What did it for me was this one awesome waitress and her experiment.  Why I didn't hit on her is beyond me, but that's another story.  If I ever absolutely, positively had to go to another BWW, this would be the one, but I'm okay if I never do.
Having been to many other B-Dubs in town this one doesn't fair as well as far as the service goes. The food is always great I do have to say that. This is one I feel most comfortable at. I'm a sucker for the Sampler Platter (almost) every time. You get nachos (salsa isn't that great I ask for con queso on top instead) you get Mozzarella Sticks and Boneless Wings (Honey BBQ is my choice) and Onion Rings. It's just the right amount of all the yumminess I'm looking for :)

The service is usually slow though so getting refills on your drink isn't likely or often enough. I waited for over a half hour for the order to come out. I suppose it is the tasty food that keeps me going back! OK it is the tasty food that keeps me going back hehe. This last visit I had to get up and ask the hostess to get someone to get me a refill. The food tasting good is important to me, but the service is too. 

They have a variety of options to choose from besides wings. They offer burgers, chicken sandwiches, wraps, and salads.

Check them out on Facebook or the B-Dubs website because they have weekly specials on wings. They have TV's everywhere. If you like watching sports, drinking beer, and eating chicken wings then this is the place for you.
Roman was a good server but was more interested in the fight that was going on. Our empty glasses sat on the table for a good 30 minutes and after I was gonna hand them to another server he swooped by and picked them up only to continue to watch the fight Instead of bringing them back to the kitchen. He the. Handed them off to a waitress and continued to watch the fight. Clearly he was more concerned with what was on tv than actually doing his job.We will not visit this store again. 
Food was AMAZING. This buffalo girl was happy to have a taste of home so far away from home! I'm happy that there are several Wild Wings around here, hoping that they actually play the Buffalo games when hockey season starts up again.
This is one of my favorite places to go, do not excuse the poor service given by employees. My husband and I stayed here last Monday, with the intention of having a good time, we hentered the place and everything seemed it would be a good night until we went to the bar, quickly attended to my husband was served a beer, I continue looking at the menu, my husband continued watching TV and drinking beer. I decided to order a drink, the girl asked for my id, and reuse to serve the drink because my ID was expired, I said, you want to know if I'm old enough there says I am 25 on my id . she answered, you can not be here, I understand she is doing her job, but why wait until this happened to ask my husband for his id
After striking out at Victory Cafe down the street I quickly went to my Yelp app at searched out my closest Bdubs, with luck it was only minutes away.  We were seated immediately at the bar with access to 6 big screens showing 6 different football games.  My server was really cool about refilling my pop every 15 minutes and ensured me it was no trouble at all. I was kinda bummed I already had a shitty appetizer at Victory Cafe and didn't have room for some bomb ass wings.  The crowd at Bdubs made the experience even better, all kinds of fans sporting there favorite teams jerseys.  By the time we left there was a crowd lined up the door for the 1 o' clock games.  My only regret is that I didn't start here, Man. Good Job Ddubs, keep up the good work.
I ordered online the other day and all went smoothly. When I went to get the order the girl serving me was awesome! Usually when we go and sit down the service is hit or miss. On sunday when I picked up my order the girl who helped me was awesome. She was really friendly. She went over my whole order with me and got me a discount! She was spot on. As for the parking at this location it sucks because of the UHaul. There never seems to be any parking anymore. The UHaul has taken it over compleately.
Buffalo Wild Wings is perhaps my favorite cookie cutter type restaurants The wings are always cooked perfectly and I have no complaints about the food here.
 
I do have to comment on poor service as the daughter and I who both ordered spicy food had empty drinks for at least five minutes. (Twice) I finally just waved down another server and begged for some liquid relief. 
 
Oh and cant forget the gang tags found in the bathroom. Just be careful not to wear the wrong color or sport team jersey as you may get shanked.

I won't be back as there are numerous places to get wings with great customer service that doesn't disappear when your drink gets low.
Don't get me wrong I love this place, but lately it seems like the bartenders don't care anymore. I don't know if it's because of management or they really don't care about their customers. It's not just one bartender either, it's all of them. I always order take out and like to have a beer while I'm waiting for my food. It always takes 5 to 10 minutes for them to even acknowledge that I'm there. It seems like they are always trying to leave before I finish my order. It's sad because I always tip well even if it's not deserved. It's not going to stop me from going because I love the food. They have the best wings I've ever had, no matter what time I go the wings are always good. I'm a chef and I love to cook, but I still can't stay away. On a side note, the parking is horrible. I don't know who the Hell U-Haul thinks they are, but they have taken over the parking lot. I used to park in the desert in the back, but now they have put their trailers in the way of that too. I've been going there since it opened and will continue to do so. I just hope the bartenders wake up
Honey BBQ n curry is the best!
First time at BWW! It was delicious! Great Parmesan Garlic and Medium hot wings! Also Fried pickles and jalapeño poppers! Definitely will be eating here more often! Great friendly staff!
Sometimes friendly and attentive service, edible food, and plain decor. Yep, it sure is a chain restaurant! BWW is actually one of my favorite chain restaurants. Note: the word "favorite" is being used loosely there. Much like a dental check-up is my favorite dentist experience. If you gotta go, try the mango habanero or the Caribbean jerk sauces. They are solid.
I never really come here for the food because its mediocre at best besides the wings. My favorite is the mango habanero! :) I always do come for the 65 tv's & all the big games. However my husband & I always get excellent service from Amrakey.
no the best bww in town .also not to bad for lunch
BWW is a Great place for fight nights. Good selection of wings and overall above decent service. If you'd like to try items other than their wings I would recommend their sliders and wraps. The mango lemonade is a must, excellent drink with unlimited refills. Make sure You come early on UFC nights, this place gets packed!
Went there to watch the Eagles vs. Chiefs game that was only aired on the NFL network. Parking is horrible! It shares a lot with a U-Haul place and the lot was full of U-Haul trucks! We ended up having to park in a gravel lot way back behind the BWW's. Once we got inside we were able to sit almost immediately though and had a server in a matter of minutes. The service was good and the food was standard BWW. Would probably return the next time I'm in the area and want to watch a game.
This place is awesome because you can watch everything fights.   From UFC PPV to boxing. Anything sports.  The reason why I gave it 3 stars because the parking lot isn't big enough.  There are always full.  The service is good unless if it's really busy, it will take you awhile to order food & drinks.
Went here to watch a hockey game before they got busy. As soon as my family got done eating they bumped us off the big screen. Service was horrible. Had to ask another server to send my server over for drinks twice. When I told the manger this it appeared to be policy she did nothing to make it right just hollow apologies and lip service with no real sorrow or attempt at real customer service or building repeat business. As soon as I stopped buying food and drinks I was not going to watch the end of my game. Will fire a letter to corporate and not be returning. Awful experience at a cost of over 70 bucks in food and drinks for 3 people and kicked to the curb during 3rd period.
Went there just to grab a beer and a burger with a friend. There were no big football or basketball games on so it wasn't super busy. First problem is that I had to wait at least 10 minutes for a bartender to acknowledge I was there. Finally got a beer and it was good. I decided to order a build it your self burger. It was a pretty simple order. I wanted honey bbq sauce, cheddar chesse, bacon, and pickles. Seems simple right? Well it came out with the bbq sauce, cheese, close to a pound of finely shredded lettuce, no bacon, no pickles. I DO NOT LIKE sending my food back or complaining but I couldn't eat it that way. I sent it back and told them what I had ordered again. Between 5-10 minutes the bartender asked if I just wanted the lettuce scrapped off or a new burger. My response was that I could have scrapped off the lettuce and it's going to be cold. So I got the same burger and ice cold pickles on it and still no bacon. I wasn't thrilled about my food. The manager was so busy watching basketball he wasn't helping anyone behind the bar and especially not the customers. Pretty much an overall FAIL on their part. Poor management in this restaurant so you're better off just finding somewhere else to eat. I won't be back and I live right beside it.
Gosh. Buffalo Wild Wings.. Hmm.

I love their sauces. They have a good happy hour. But they are so slow. Offering the bar area instead of waiting for a table is dumb when either area you sit in you get slow service. It's just annoying to have to wait so long for a beer, to have your order taken, or for the check. An hour should be plenty of time to have a drink, eat some wings, and leave. But it's not here.
Jaymee was a great waitress she was positive and upbeat the whole time! I will be coming back to the bar section just to be helped by her.
I came back and Doreen helped us at the bar. She was great! She made conversation and encouraged me to try the siracha wings which were AMAZING!
This particular BWW gets a solid 5-star from me, mostly for the bar staff here. I moved here in June and have gone at least once a week, every week since! The entire bar staff knows my name, my drink order(s) and how I like my wings prepared. My roommate and I are greeted with smiles from the bar as soon as we walk in the door. Even when we aren't drinking, we sit in the bar because we know we will always be taken care of. I'm not sure about the rest of the servers, but definitely make sure you ask for Jaymee, Sam, Staci, or sit at the bar top and talk to Mark. They're all awesome and the wings are never a disappointment. I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants good wings and excellent service.
I normally dine in at BDubs but tonight I did not have enough time so I ordered take out. I would have to say that the customer service was outstanding. Jessica took my order and was very helpful and she actually was the reason that I order a side of fries. She sold it to me perfectly. She told me that my order would be ready in 15 to 20 minutes and it was spot on. I arrived in 18 minutes and the food was hot and ready to go. I would like to give Jessica 6 starts but we all know that's not possible. Once again, BDubs doesn't disappoint and I will continue to eat at BDubs!!! Thanks for dinner.
African American girl is hella rude will not pay attention to u at all... She needs to find another job she's not cut to be a bartender
Just left the Centennial BWW after waiting for 15 mins and getting no service! This BWW on the other hand is on point. Literally sat at the bar and within seconds was greeted by the bartender.
Great service,  from beginning to end. Both Roman and the cook were both amazing!! They kept checking up on us and the food was great. Definitely coming back!!
I love BWW. Scott, Tanisha, and everyone else were super friendly! I've been to different locations of BWW but they are not good. Very rude compare to this one. Don't even waste your time going to the other BWW.
I always love bww and have always had good service but at this place not so much there is a waitress in the bar section that is to busy flirting with her friends that come in than serving her tables. We had a really bad experience with her. We went back again during happy hour and they asked if we wanted to sit at the bar and we chose not to simply because of the waitress. She needs to go. Whenever I see her I will steer clear she's that horrible
You will definitely find a style of wings that you love... Try the Lemon Pepper!  The service is really good and prices are very reasonable.  BTW, great for kids!  Oh, and if you're interested in sports, they have just about every game on... It is cool!
I am only rating this particular experience. But my boyfriend and I come here one a week or so maybe once every two weeks. U remember roman use to be our regular bartender but he had left, such a shame because he was great! 
Instead these new bartenders, Michelle was her name, are incredibly rude, does not care about the guests that sit at the bar. The first thing that she screamed for was for our id and then took a 180 and walked away. Who does that?! I had to play 20$ of poker before she even acknowledged us to get our drinks and food. After that she doesn't even check on how our food was or if we needed anything else?! Isn't that your job description?! Again I loved this place when roman was here I don't think I will be a regular anymore. I would rather go out of my way a little to go to the one on north 5th.
I wish I could write a review for the food, but I never received mine. We were with a somewhat large party and they only gave us one server. I ordered with everyone else and never received my meal. When the manager asked if I needed anything, I told him "yes, my lunch." He laughed it off and said that it probably never got put in and walked away, like he thought it was funny and didn't really give a crap. Then he came back later and asked what my favorite flavor was. Not sure what he was getting at, but too late pal, the rest of my party was already finished and trying to leave. It took them almost an hour to get my husband the bill (fortunately, the food I ordered and the pepsi I received wasn't on there). I'm not coming back to this location. The parking SUCKS and the service is horrible.
Horrible service on a Thursday night. It was busy due to playoffs and our waitress was very nice. She was however overtasked. 30 min average for a beer and the food was served cold. I will not go back.
Mixed feelings about this rating. Have been here maybe a handful of times (last time was a couple months ago) and service has always been good. The girlfriend and I usually go at odd times just to avoid any massive crowds as we use to frequent BWW a lot while living in CA and we understand how the crowds usually work. Food is always great.
This place loses a star based upon their parking situation. First time coming here we got lucky and parked right in front. Last couple times we were forced to park next door in the gas station parking area. This location has a horrible parking lot as they share it alongside a U-Haul location with trucks everywhere. When we park in the gas station lot, I am in fear my car will be towed. Doesn't make sense to build a restaurant as great as BWW and have this bad a parking lot situation. You have two options when you park near the gas station 1) walk around to the sidewalk to get to the restaurant 2) walk down/up a hill with rocks and debris everywhere. However, the parking lot situation doesn't deter me from coming back.
60 cent Tuesdays are always the best!!

This bww is far from me but we were in the area because we were on our way to Moapa Valley and we wanted to stop by for lunch. Service was excellent. James was an amazing server. Greeted in and out the door. Orders were taken fast and food came out quick. Also tried their lemonades for the first time. Super yummy!!!
Rude ass bartender - "Michelle" We came in exhausted and tired from work (so to her we probably look like we were broke lol. ) She first asked if we wanted something to drink but we asked to order food first. After she served our food she did not check back and after those hot wings we were thirsty, and needed some more water. Throat was on fire and we were slurping on ice! I turned around to ask another server and as the other server brought the water back around to us, Michelle states " OH! Now you want something?! " 
I was like " uh we've been needing some water." 
She says, "Well YOU SHOULD HAVE ASKED!" 
(Oh hell nah! Who are we suppose to ask?! It's not even busy around here.) 

So, anyway she turns to the customers three seats away from us and has the nerve to talk crap about us in front of them!! 

WTF DID WE DO? We just needed some water. She continued with the side eye. So I'll leave her a nice "Tip" : NEXT TIME INSTEAD OF TURNING TO THE LEFT TO TALK SHIT, just be more attentive to your customers. 

Overall, food was BWW.
SERVER was a beeotch. Lol
First off, the parking here is HORRENDOUS!!  We came here to watch the UFC.  Our waiter was friendly and checked on us frequently.  I ordered boneless wings.  They were horrible.  They were mostly breading and barely any chicken.  They were so hard to chew.  We also had a pizza spring roll (I forget what it was called exactly) they were very tasty. Only thing is it cost like $6 and you only get two. They were good but not that good! Overall, I wouldn't come back for the food.  The only reason I would return is that it is the closest place for us to watch the fights.
Worst experience at a restaurant ever. I will definitely never ever come back. My food was cold, my drink had no ice, and everyone there had a terrible attitude to me. Sorry all I wanted was ice in my drink considering I didn't ask for no ice. It's July I would like ice in my drink!
I've been to a few of the various Wing Stop locations around Vegas and Henderson, and this is definitely my favorite one so far.  

--This one isn't located right next to a donut shop, so there's no temptation for dessert afterwards!
--The tables and restaurant are always pretty clean.
--The usual guy, Steve, is a total hoot.  He's a great dynamic guy and encourages his team to be friendly, fun, personable folks instead of fast food zombies.
--THE WINGS!  They are so are SO good.  They make your wings fresh to  order, so you have to wait but it's completely worth it!
--They have the best fast food french fries in the world.  No seriously.  No really.  YES!
--Most of their business is take-out, so the small place can always easily accommodate it's dine in customers.
--Customers have the option to order their wings online or over the phone for pick up.

A few tips:
Unless you like soggy chicken, I wouldn't recommend the boneless wings or boneless strips.  They are great chunks of chicken breast, but the sauces really sogg up the breading and just sort of cause them to bleh out.
Atomic should come with a surgeon general's warning.  I love hot spicy foods, but these are ridiculous.
Well. I gave this place a shot ...
And I was warned but I didn't listen ... and ordered 'boneless wings' which are basically breaded chunks of chicken breast. They were to greasy and breading was soggy by the time we got back to the house. Fries were not that great either. 
This kind of food should probably be eaten right at the establishment otherwise it will turn into greasy soggy mess. 
So 3* for now but I might stop by again sometime and try their 'real' chicken wings to see if they live up to promise.
I like my chicken wings a certain way...cooked thoroughly, not slimy, and with the sauce clinging to the chicken! 


Wingstop does all that and I agree, the french fries are amazing!
I might have a problem. And it's name is tasty chicken wings. As far as cheap, convenient eats go, Wing Stop is my go-to at least once a week. I never dine in at this location, so my review is only of the food.

I'm pretty simple when it comes to chicken wings-throw a good sauce or rub on there and give me a bucket of blue cheese dip and I'm set. The bone-in wings here are a good size which is why I prefer them to BWW for bone-in. The regular hot wings (sauce) and lemon pepper (rub) are staples in my weekly diet and I have the popped off pants buttons to prove it. 

The regular hot wings have the perfect amount of spice and burn my mouth just right an the lemon pepper has a nice crunchy texture and the perfect combination of tart from the lemon and savory from the pepper. Also, the blue cheese dip here is extraordinarily good for a fast food joint. I'm guessing they make it from scratch-don't know, don't care as long as they keep cranking it out in mass quantities for me.

The service here is that of what you'd expect of a joint in this neighborhood with the occasional above average customer service experience. Once my order was taken by accident by someone with a name similar to mine, so they discounted my order for my troubles. They have a new phone system that recognizes your phone number if you've called in before and I'd actually ordered the same thing so many times it was programmed to recognize my exact order. I'm not sure if I love or hate this new feature yet....I will probably come to love it as I am a creature of habit when it comes to wings and will continue to order the same thing once a week, every week.
My go-to when I have any kind of chicken wing is typically a boneless wing with mild hot sauce. Suffice to say, Wing Stop can provide me with that when I feel like it. However, I think BWW beats Wing Stop in the boneless category. If you're going to go to Wing Stop definitely get the bone-in. They are massive with lots 'o meat! Very different from most chicken wings.

On my last trip here I went out of the box and got half of my wings mild and the other half the lemon-pepper (it's a rub) and I did it based off of Melia S.'s review. Well, luckily I wasn't disappointed. I really did enjoy the lemon-pepper, but unfortunately my mild wings barely had any sauce on them! Most of the sauce was pooled in the bottom of the container. Kind of disappointing.

I have had their yummy french fries in the past, but the last time I got fries from this location they were kinda soggy and not so good. I guess you just gotta get them at the right time or something. 

Also, and the last thing - their ranch here is very thin, not goopy, and I mean goopy in a good way, like when I have a chicken wing I want the ranch to STICK to it, not roll off! 

Overall Wing Stop is a good fix if you need those chicken wings!
When we have a craving for some yummy chicken wings...WING STOP! I like the fact that this place is not OVERLY sports oriented like Buffalo Wild Wings. I can skip the douche bags yelling over me as I try and enjoy a meal. Most of the patrons are just regular people trying to fill their bellies with wings. 

My usual is the boneless garlic and parmesan. They get it just right every time. The fries that come with are so great with the skin on! Thank god they taste like actual potatoes! lol! I hate "fake" fries that taste like they've been frozen since the last ice age! lol! The bf has tried atomic wings only once. I think that is enough for his life time. I think he just wanted his name up on the board. He is a huge fan of hot and spicy foods, while I am just a spectator. This definitely made him sweat! He turned from a white boy to a red man! Thankfully there is a new soda machine that allowed him to quench his thirst in a multitude of Coke product flavors.
I enjoy the wings....if I am doing a party of some kind. We use to go here often but staff are clueless on how to treat people. So I go as little as I can. And also when Im not spending my own hard earned cash. I feel I wont pay you to disrespect me. When they lose enough clients they will dish out better attitudes.
My main reason to come here was to try the garlic parmesan. I prefer boneless over bone in & their's are double the size of Buffalo Wild Wings (huge plus!). Chicken was really good; juicy and flavorful. However, my 18 minute wait turned into a 40 minute wait because they lost my ticket.
New UPDATE:
I give it five stars. We went late sunday afternoon. They have new wings yey! And they taste great they are bigger than the other wings they use to have. Don't panic because they have the same great taste. The soda pop machine was out and it took ages for staff to come add ice and more soda. 
See that's not a good mix when you serve hot wings people need liquids and fast. But still they get the ol five stars from me. Good food Hot food clean place to eat and fun staff. Upon my last visit they staff was lazy and moody. 
Upon this weekends vsit the staff was much better. I guess they fired all the depressed people with they omg I gatta work and because Im stuck working I will make your life hell...kind of attitudes. 
The cook said to us wow you guys have not been in a while we use to see u all the time. I said yea I don't return when the attitudes suck I wont pay to be treated unkind. He was more than happy to tell me explore the new menu and that the staff were new and he hope I enjoyed my visit and return many more times.
Its been over a tear since I tried the wing stop and I got to say I was quitr dissapointed never been to this location but the taste seemed very diluted on the parmesan seasoned wings.

I will stick with buffalo wild wings. But other then the food wing stop gets extra star for there good customer service.
This place is open until Midnight everyday! (at least the North Las Vegas location) They have better wings than Buffalo Wild Wings, and the prices are reasonable. They also have a cool beverage dispenser where I can mix and match all different types of sodas. Probably like over 60 drinks.

You can get boneless or classic (bone-in) wings in the following amounts:
8pc - $6.49 (2 flavors)
12pc- $9.69 (2 flavors)
20pc- $15.99 (2 flavors)
30pc- $23.99 (3 flavors)
50pc- $39.99 (4 flavors)

They also have family packs and meals for two. www.wingstop.com

Wing Flavors are (Top down hottest to mild):
ATOMIC (I warn you... don't even get this unless you want to prank someone lol)
CAJUN
ORIGINAL HOT
LOUISIANA RUB
MILD
HICKORY SMOKED BBQ (probably my favorite)
LEMON PEPPER (I recommend this, it's a dry seasoning though)
GARLIC PARMESAN
HAWAIIAN
TERIYAKI
This is my spot for wings!! Every time I'm Vegas this is my first stop to have lunch before checking into my hotel. Anyone who is a fan of Wing Stop knows and understands the dine-in area is small it is primary a takeout restaurant, but the area is nice and clean. Also it is very cheap!!
I like to squeeze a lime wedge on my hot wings to add a touch of acidity but they never have any when I come here. I don't understand why they would provide lemons but not limes.
This place is so good the chicken is great . I always get the lemon lime and the fries are to die for yes I said it . I always love how the servers have a great attitude they actually interact with you all the time and make you feel  comfortable . The place is always clean. Also
My son likes their wings a lot but I haven't tried them so I can't rate them.  I just ordered fries and didn't care for them at all because the spice mix they toss on them has sugar in it.  Next time I went in I was prepared and asked for my fries unsweetened.   Much better.
I like it when people i am ordering from are friendlly. One girl at the counter was very rude and the place seems to be pinching pennies. They do not give out water or ranch with the order which was the first let down. So i spent 2 dollars for water and 89 cents for ranch (bummer) it's not the money... it's the point of good service if you order hot wings they should include sauce with the order and charge more not make me add it on .... The girl at the front was rude and kept answering my questions with attitude all the while my Togo took 30 minutes (another bummer). The sauces are good but the manager and food chain needs to have a talk with the people who work at this location (one girl impaticular) As well as including ranch in my order.   

On a side note only 1 girl was rude but 2 others made up for it at the end. The wings were also really good which is why I'm changing from 2 stars to 3. Drink machine was also a plus
I have to say I don't consider myself a wing fanatic but I do like Wing Stop. I've ordered from Wing Stop many times for my family and they love their wings. I do find their wings better than BWW. Their fries are DELICIOUS!!!! Seriously, I can't find fries like these anywhere else. It's a good thing they are right around the corner from me.
Wom-wom-wooom!!!  I luv me sum good chicken & these chicken fingers were on point!  They were breaded so rite & real real tender...No lie...U can order them in 3 strips or 4 strips or 6 strips...It comes wit fries (crinkle cut), sum toast, & sum coleslaw...I don't do coleslaw, so I got an xtra toast...Can I jus say the toast is delish?  MAN!!!  My boy MG hooked me 2 this spot(note hooked, not hip...cuz this joint was BOMB)...Definite repeat spot, 4 real...
The chicken is unusually moist and tender.  Very good.  The breading is light, which is fine, with very subdued seasoning.

The combos come with crinkle cut fries that remind me of the frozen fries at the old drive-in theaters.  You know the ones that might be made of potato or they might be made of cardboard; could go either way.  In any event, they add nothing to the meal.

The coleslaw is average with a creamy dressing.  It too adds nothing to the meal.

I didn't much care for their version of sweet tea.  I don't know why sweet tea isn't the same everywhere, but it definitely varies.

For dipping,  there's the Cane sauce.  It struck me as an odd concoction with a lot of black pepper in it, but people must like it because, according to the menu, they charge for extra portions of it.  I would have much preferred some honey mustard or bbq sauce.

The place was clean and appeared to be well run.

I'd go back to Canes if someone insisted but personally I would just as soon go to the Colonel.  The chicken strips are tastier and there's a much bigger selection of better tasting sides.
I don't normally eat too many fried foods (especially with a DOG as the mascot, makes you think exactly what is in the fingers) but this place is a most welcome exception.  I work close to this one, so I took the gf one day for lunch.  This place is busy!  Took us a bit to find parking and get in the long line.

This place serves only 4 things, chicken fingers, Texas Toast, fries, and cole slaw.  But oh...do they do it so well!  I usually get tired of seeing chicken fingers because EVERYWHERE you eat they seem to have it, and it's not that great.  But the smell here was enlightening, surprisingly fresh for stuff being fried.  I was in the food business...this is a sign that the oil they were using was FRESH.  Good start.

I ordered the Combo #1 - The Box Combo (their most popular one).  It came with 4 fingers, fries, cole slaw, Texas Toast, and a 22 oz. drink.  I pay, wait for our order to come, and get us some drinks.   I expect to see the same ol'...you know, Coke or Pepsi.  Pepsi equals yucky, so I'm a Coke fan (born in Georgia but raised in Maui, no joke).  But what do I see besides Coke products?  3 machines, 2 with Sweet Tea and one with regular iced tea.  Oh....my....God.....you're kidding?  Sweet Tea?  Are we in the South?  Lemme at it!  I love this stuff so I was curious to try their version.  Wow.  It was just right, enough sweet, enough tea.  Totally right!  Add some lemon and it would be heavenly.  I was already a fan and I hadn't even eaten yet.  I think I had like 4 glasses of Sweet Tea before our food arrived.  This stuff is sooooo good they sell it in one gallon jugs for 5 bucks each.  And people buy it.

We got our food and sat down.  I got ours to go just in case we were short on time.  I excitedly sat down and secretly hoped their food was as good as their drink.  I opened the box....and it was like angels singing!  It was like the gates of chicken finger heaven opened!  I didn't even put anything in my mouth, but the smell of the food was intoxicating.  Everything...so fresh!  My chicken fingers were perfect, not greasy....moist and crisp and hot with great flavor, not too salty or heavy.  Their 'secret' Cane Sauce, I have no clue what's in it exactly, but it compliments the chicken well.  I get a hint of ketchup and possibly relish.  Better than Ranch.  The crinkle cut fries were done just right too, crispy and not greasy.  The cole slaw went great as a side too, not too creamy but with a nice zip.  Their Texas Toast is bomb!  Garlicky, crunchy on top, and chewy in the middle.  All of it great washed down with Sweet Tea.  

This ENTIRE experience only cost me....$13.  So worth it!

The service was speedy but friendly, understandable because the line was so long.  Place was very clean and colorful and bright, especially with all the movie posters.  Reminds me of a kind of modern diner (hmm...that's almost an oxymoron).  I go here quite a bit now, I just make sure that I do a few extra sets at the gym that day....heh heh.  

Anyone reading this should go here (unless you're vegetarian....cause they don't make no tofu fingers) and give this place a try.  You will not regret it.  They only make a few things, but boy do they do it well.   

Y'ALL GO DOWN THERE....YA HEAR!
Love Love Love Cane's.... Such a good reminder of home! (It was started in Louisiana... WooT!) I'm sure many people have the initial reaction of " All they have is chicken strips?" but after they have it they'll agree that it is all they need!  and I could put Cane's Sauce on EVERYthing... So Yummy!
Not like I am a huge chicken finger connoisseur by any means but I can safely say that these are by far and away the greatest chicken fingers I've ever had. The fries suck so if I were to do it again, I would just buy the fingers and then go to Mcd's for the fries.
I'm addicted to the number two. Three pieces of chicken, Canes special sauce and the piece of bread. The decor is wicked awesome with the 80's and old school movie posters. The place was clean and for first time tonight, the manager i would assume made sure everyone was ok. He was so helpful. I've been going to canes for six months and have never had a bad experience.
I thought I should write a review for this place because I got an extra chicken finger in my meal... (vegas luck?) and I also won money gambling that day...and it started off with that extra chicken finger!

I ordered #2 which comes with 3 chicken fingers (but i got 4 and I saw it as a sign that I had good luck to gamble haha), fries, and their very buttery toast bread!

Fast food is usually not my thing with all that extra grease and oil, but Canes was pretty good with their special canes sauce that I dipped everything in. I think the chicken is just ok and their unsweetened icetea is pretty good. I mixed the unsweetened with 1/8 sweetened ice tea (otherwise it's just too sweet).  My favorite was definitely the bread though (I would exchange that over fries) :)
After eating at every place around here & driving by this place since it opened about a year ago I finally decided to give it a try.

Like all those who have reviewed it before me...they do JUST chicken which in this case means they do it well.

Light & crispy chicken strips,crinkle cut fries(kinda like Del Taco's), and I liked the Cane's Sauce.The coleslaw is good if you like it sour and not swet which I do.

You can't go wrong with the chicken here.
This is only the 3rd time I've been to Cane's but damn it is good. The do it made-to-order so it's always HOT & FRESH! 

After my last review I received an offer from Cane's to come in & try their BOX Lunch for FREE.

If you know me you know I LOVE FREE!!

The staff was very friendly & quite helpful. The food came out quickly.-NOT like In-N-Out Burger where you expect to wait 20+ minutes for a burger.

The chicken was light & crispy.NOT Greasy and the crinkle cuts fries had SNAP! The coleslaw was tasty and the special sauce is good for dipping everything!!

This is one fast-food place you'll never have that heavy bloated feeling leaving. DAMN Tasty Food.
Chicken fingers done to PERFECTION. Awesome sauce (I know it has to be basically thousand island, but I swear it tastes way better to me!), crinkle fries, yummy toast. AHH how I love it. 

The employees at this location are particularly friendly and helpful. They came by to pick up my trash, and asked how I was doing twice. 

If you're a semi-light eater I'd get the kid's meal. It's $3.99 for 2 strips + fries + drink. Perfect size for me. I typically add bread for $.69 too, because I'm a fatty.
they told me that sauce was going to blow me away, and it so it did.
i used it for everything including my fries and toast.

and that toast? soft and buttery and oh so good. 

not feeling that coke or sprite? have yourself a sweet tea, its pretty good.

instant favorite. wish there were more everywhere!
only in vegas i suppose

4.0/5.0
As far as chicken fingers go, this is the best place to get them at. Although there isn't much of a selection, the food they offer is great quality. And of course the sauce is one of the best parts of the meal. I generally get the Caniac and share it with my girlfriend, and its quite filling, with 6 fairly large chicken fingers, texas toast, fries, cane sauce and cole slaw.

Service was good and friendly, and the food, although made to order, didn't take that long to receive at all.

Also, if you join the Caniac club, you can get a free box combo as well: 

http://www.raisingcanes.com/club/index.html
Best chicken fingers ever!  I also love their freshly brewed tea- it comes as sweetened or unsweetened. Not really a "fast food" joint that you stereotypically expect because I consider the quality of the food at the same level of In-N-Out.  I take all my friends who come to visit here.   I guess we have at least one thing over california!
I feel really guilty for loving this place especially because I am with the "anti- fast-food chains" movement in America. But this is the quintessential palace of chicken for me. This is my ultimate splurge of fried goodness. I actually dream of this place while eating chicken at other restaurants.  Why do I love this place so much? Simplicity. Chicken fingers, fries, toast and iced tea. That's the main attraction and that's really all they serve. If you make a good product, stick with it and run with the idea. So I humbly "bow in the presence of greatness" and I am a proud member of the Caniac Club.
Pretty decent chicken fingers, and adequate fries - although it reeks of generic fast food.

The problem here is they only have two sauces (honey mustard and Cain's mayonaisse-based sauce).  Even if you order a larger meal, they only give you a dap of sauce, then make you pay for additional ones.  So, you'll end up spending $1.50 on sauce after your waaay too expensive meal to begin with.

Customer service is non-existent.  Place is always filthy.  It's just easy to skip.
Fast Food Chicken Fingers never tasted so good. Raising Canes specializes in southern style chicken strips that come complete with Texas toast, cole slaw, and french fries. The cane sauce is delicious and don't forget the sweet tea.
I love the food. NOT this location! The manager is a jerk, some of the employees are friendly other are very rude nd sometimes say very inappropriate things over the speaker in the drive-thru.
This location isn't the best kept, but the food seems to always be decent.  My boyfriend is a regular here now. They even know him by name.  I always get the three finger combo which comes with: Texas toast, three strips, fries, drink, and one Cane's sauce.  I recommend getting extra Cane's sauce because the amount they give you is NOT enough.
I'm not a huge fan of fried foods, but I'll be damned if these aren't the best chicken fingers ever.  Lightly breaded so it doesn't feel super unhealthy, insanely delicious dipping sauce, and accompanying texas toast that's just perfect.  One of my bosses gets a platter of fingers once in a blue moon, and it's always one of my favorite meals.  Not sure why I'm not eating here more often.
We were curious and wondered what the fuss was, with this chicken finger restaurant. In my twenties, I loved chicken fingers. Now I have them on occasion. Since we heard about it from my Mother-In-Law, we knew that this place does not serve ranch dressing with the fingers- it's not uncommon in the South- they probably think that we're weird for ordering ranch for our fingers & fries. 

We came here on a sunday for lunch. The menu, though simple, had different combinations to choose from- and there is a drive-thru window for those of you who just want to take it home. Surprisingly, the chicken fingers were very good. The breading was just enough- I hate when restaurants use so much breading in their food. The seasoning was very good. The red sauce (signature) was good too.  Very generous with the fries- I didn't eat all of it and threw the rest away. My husband likes the Texas Toast. Little by little, people started coming in who had just come from church- and it did fill up by the time we were done with our meals. I am mentioning this if you do not want to be in the middle of a large crowd and try to find an open table (drive-thru window). Free refills on drinks. Tip: Mix half the sweet tea with the regular unsweeted tea to make the right mix of Iced Tea.
It was good when they first opened. But I recently went to Raising Canes the chicken was ok, the fries were soggy and the sweet tea taste like it was sitting out for too long... it was beyond gross... the best thing about the meal was the bread and the sauce... I was really disappointed
So I live in LA, and there are no Raising Cane's chicken in California.  I used to live in Denver, CO and frequented the Raising Cane's in Fort Collins.  I already wrote a review for that one, so here's the link to that review:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/raising-canes-chicken-fingers-fort-collins#hrid:1ns4kDv57mzgVrBFXMM02Q

UPDATE -I DID drive the 3 (actually 4 to be more accurate) hours to Vegas to get Raising Cane's chicken!  Although it was 6 hours this time (damn Friday traffic *shakes fist*) ......and I'm also dating a guy in the area, so now I have 2 reasons to come to Vegas.  :) 

In fact, I'm eating my 3 strip combo box right now....I didn't need to buy the extra Cane sauce, but I'd rather be over prepared.

I would have eaten Canes yesterday when I got here to Vegas, but I found a Chic Fil A in Upland on my way out of CA, and because those are scarce in LA as well, I ate lunch there.  I know, I know.....how could I, right?  Truth is......I think I enjoy both chicken places equally.  It's the motivation of "the trip" to a rare eatery that arouses me.  Chic Fil A with their tasty chicken, waffle fries, side salad and lemonade, and Raising Cane's with their tasty chicken, crinkle cut fries, garlic texas toast and sweet tea.  They're sort of like brothers.  Anyway, go put some Cane's in your belly.  ASAP
*What happens in Vegas.....*


After a wonderful weekend in Vegas we decided to eat here on the way out. I'd never been to Raising Canes but had heard pleasant things about it.

So after I put in my order I made my way to the fountain drinks, and noticed that they had sweet tea. I decided to try their sweet tea and it was pretty darn good. It's not as sweet as some other sweet teas I've had, and that's not a bad thing. 

The chicken strips were delicious and the fact that they're not made till you order them isn't bad either. The Texas toast was a pleasant surprise too. I like their cane sauce as well.

So for those of you who love ranch on anything that you consume Canes doesn't have ranch. Now don't freak out....give their cane sauce a try you might actually like it.
There's really not much to elaborate on........it's a simple menu done exceptionally well!   I mean, come on, how can you mess up when all you serve are fries and fingers?!?!?!
=)
I can now say, with 100% certainty, that this and In-n-Out are my HAPPY/guilty fast food!  Can't go wrong!  Truth is though, I don't really feel that guilty!

~Lightly breaded chicken fingers...
~CANE'S SAUCE.........oh my!   Have to get an extra every time!
~Crispy fries!
~TEXAS TOAST!

*Military discount too!*
This is one of those places I just don't get. 
       I took my Mom , when it first opened maybe couple years ago , I think it was .
       I was not impressed then and not now.  I don't get the sauce, I can't figure out the flavor, Even Ronald  as in mcnuggets fame, got more and better tasting flavors. I hate to admit it but the nuggets r better too. The canes tenders were dry , I'm more of a dark meat fan . 
           I don't know how they stay open jus selling tenders. It was pretty busy at 330 in the afternoon, I jus marveled at the people enjoying their meals, trying to find another bewildered customer , that I could relate too. Mom and wife enjoyed their meals , who r these people can't b my relatives?
I love their chicken fingers!
The box includes four fried chicken strips, french fries, cole slaw, and toasted bread.  The sauce is a tomato based with pepper.  I enjoy the crispy chicken strips, the sides, are just sides, but the toasted bread I save and dip in the sauce and that's why I go back to Cane's.
First time there today and it was amazing! Menu was simple and straight forward. I ordered "The Box" which included 4 chicken tenders, fries, texas toast, coleslaw , signature sauce, and a drink.  I suggest the Sweet Tea. 

Pros: Location, Discount for UNLV students, Service, Food, Music, and Cleanliness; Not in any particular order.

Cons: N/A
im a die-hard fan of chicken strips so i finally tried raising canes the other day...i was long overdue...anyhow i drive-thru-ed it cuz i was lazy and i got the 3 strips box with fries and texas toast with a sweet tea. i gotta say it was pretty frickin awesome. that cane sauce has crack in it i think because i was licking it out of the little packet thingy. anyhow the chicken strips tasted yummy cuz they were freshly fried (at least thats what the lady told me in the drive thru cuz i had to wait) anyhow the service was bomb- like i said i had to wait but the lady stayed at the window and shot the breeze with me while i waited...that was cool. if you get a drink do youreself a favor and get the sweet tea....SO YUMMY!!!
5 STARS.  Yeah, I know I know... 5 stars for a fast food restaurant... am I crazy?  Am I weird?  No no no... well... maybe. :)  But 5 stars because the chicken fingers are simply the best.  I don't like much of anything else here.  Well they don't have much of anything else besides fries, toast and sweet tea here.  The fingers are juicy, well flavored and even though it's fried, it's not too greasy.  I go here at least once a week for some good and cheap lunch.  Anyone working downtown wanna join me?
This was the first Canes i ate at and i got the food to go and was just slightly impressed. I have since eaten at other locations and ate in the dinning room and the food was definitely better for the dine-in
I love raising Cane's and they are all really good. The service is the only thing that varies a lot. This one is on the soso range since the kids that are working were more worried about rapping back my order instead of getting it right. But its all good the food is still unreal and you cant go wrong here.
We are talking about a chicken joint that is better than KFC, Popeye's, Chick-fil-A, etc.!  Albeit they only serve chicken fingers.  That's all right though cause if you do something you're the best in, then...it's all good. Raising Cane's definitely makes the best chicken fingers.  Their Texas Toast is the best too.  I've never quite tasted toast like Raising Cane's Texas Toast.  Yum! cannot describe it.  The cole slaw they offer is not bad either.  What makes Raising Cane's my favorite fast food joint though is their sauce.  The chicken fingers are good but the sauce makes it better.  Raising Cane's is also very kid friendly.  They offer a kid's combo that includes cool Raising Cane's stickers.  I also like the decor and atmosphere of RC.  It's much more laid back an friendlier than other fast food joints.

A note to some skeptics who like chicken nuggets better than RC's chicken fingers.  Do you know what nuggets are made of?  Is there a part of a chicken that is called "nugget"?  Chicken fingers are made from real deal breast meat.  The operative word being "real".  Open up your palate a little more people and truly try to experience the differences the world offers.  Raising Cane's is definitely different from other chicken joints I've been to.  I'll definitely continue to come back again and again!
I love this shi*. I can't get enough of the Cane's sauce. It's by far my favorite chicken place in LV, Love the crinkle cut fries, and the Texas toast. My girl and I went in and ordered a 3 piece and a 4 piece and we destroyed every bite. It's a very nice price point as well, you definitely don't feel like you're getting ripped off, but you don't feel like you're getting a TON of food for the price. It's about right, at about $13-15 for two people with drinks and taxes depending on what you get. The location is nice, right off of Charleston boulevard and the customer service was friendly, greeting us as we walked in, taking our order with a smile, and getting our food to us fast and accurate.
4 solid stars
I'll be back soon, but probably to the one close to the LV outlets, it's much closer.
Yes Yes...it's true, not much more I can add or say that my fellow Yelpers have not already covered. Cane's rocks me like a hurricane!

I usually get the Caniac combo:
6 Chicken Fingers 
Extra Fries 
Coleslaw 
2 Cane's Sauce 
Texas Toast 
Large Drink 

I say go big or go home!

It's been awhile...but I can still remember just the way you taste...
We have friends that have compared this place to Chik-fil-A. Do I agree with this comparison? 
No. 
I don't get this place. The people are super friendly but other than that I don't see what the hype is about. The chicken is ok. Fries were soggy. Sauce tasted like mayonnaise, ketchup, and spice?  My husband did like the sweet tea, tasted like the tea we were used to in Mississippi.

Maybe I just don't know enough about chicken fingers and what makes them amazing.
Love the fingers and dip.
I kept on hearing about this place from my friends whenever they went to vegas and I have been meaning to try this place for awhile now. So I figured the best time for me to try it was when I was hungover this past weekend. 

 I got the Caniac Combo and shared it with my friends.It had 6 strips, cole slaw, texas toast, fries, large drink, and 2 Cane's sauces. The strips were really good and did not taste like most standaard chicken strips. And the sauce is what makes this place sooo soo good. Its addicting. The fries were ver bleh though...nothing special. 

I wish they would open one in Orange County...This place is really good for a fast food joint and I usually don't like going to fast food places too.
Whenever we want "junk food" but don't want to feel too terribly guilty, we go to Raising Canes!  The chicken fingers are juicy and perfectly cooked every single time!

The Caniac Combo is perfect for two.  Dun.

Avoid McD's and go to RC!!!

Customer service is always good too!
Embrace your inner CANIAC!

I've reviewed a Raising Cane's location before, but today I had some time to kill before a meeting, so I decided to pop in to RC's. My Dad was with me, and it was his first time at this fine establishment. He can write his own review, but I know it will mimic mine.

This place is legit. Everything is made to order. The menu is pretty simple. Chicken Fingers, Fries, or a sandwich with Chicken Fingers and Fries. That's about it.

It's pretty much the best fried food out there. Yes, its a little unhealthy, but who gives a rat's ass. The chicken is marinated for 24 hours, nothing is frozen, and....you get Texas Toast!!

I got the famous Box: 4 chicken fingers, crinkle cut fries, slaw, Texas toast, and a drink. All for about 7 bucks. Not bad, considering this is pretty much the best meal you can have in the QSR (quick service restaurant) world.

Also, you must try the secret sauce. I don't know what's in it, and I don't care. It's amazing. Think of a peppery, tangier version of fry sauce (google it). 

Since you may be thirsty, get the awesome lemonade. Fresh squeezed. Served in ice pellets. The only way to roll.

I have friends that went to school at Florida State University. A fine University that I respect just as much as my beloved University of Utah. I know many Seminoles will rave about Guthrie's. Not entirely sure if this place is a knockoff, but if you like Guthries, I imagine you'd like RC. Same menu, same concept. Except in Vegas.

Hop to it, Noles and Yelpers alike. This is one of my favorite establishments....anywhere!

P.S. If you are wondering where it stands against Chick-Fil-A....who different ballgame.
O EMM GEEE..... I am so in love with Raising Cane's!! 

When I lived in California, my favorite chicken place was Chick-fil-A. I was sad to learn that they did not have any locations here in Vegas. So I have been living here for about 10 months now and only discovered Raising Cane's maybe about a month ago. Can you believe that? Where have I been?!?! The first time we ate here, my husband and I liked it so much, that we came back for a second visit in the same week! Or was it 3? :P

This place kind of reminds me of In-N-Out. Simple menu - you pick either chicken fingers or a sandwich. All of their combos come with fries, some of them also include Texas Toast and Coleslaw. I usually order the Box Combo:
- 4 chicken fingers: crispy on the outside, hot and juicy on the inside!
- Cane's sauce: I have no idea what it is made out of, but a very good dipping sauce.
- Fries: crinkle cut style. I like how they don't make my fingers too greasy! 
- Texas Toast: Crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. Buttery goodness! I didn't know about this until my third visit, but you can ask them to "BBS" your toast, which means butter both sides. 
- Cole Slaw: I was never a fan of coleslaw, so I usually substitute with more fries or another piece of toast.
- Sweet tea: great tasting and very addicting! Not too sweet like the one at McDonald's or Chick-fil-A, but not bland, which makes it perfect! I also like the crushed ice!

The employees are very welcoming and friendly. If you dine in, they will bring your food out to you if it's not too busy. The manager will also walk around and stop by your table to ask how the food is tasting. 

Also, if you come here often like I do, you might want to join the Caniac Club. You get a Caniac Club Card that will be swiped with every purchase. It's free to join and you earn points for every visit toward free food. I got a free Box Combo for signing up! Awesome! Be sure to ask about it, because they don't really promote the Caniac Club, other than the small print out on the bottom of your receipt. 

I am so happy that I found my new home for chicken! I'll be back again very soon. I just wish that there was a location closer to my house!
For fast-food, chicken fingers in particular, I love Raising Canes!  The chicken is always juicy-not greasy and the dipping sauce is super yum!!!
The fries are crinkle-cut- pretty average but very handy to dip into the aforementioned yummy sauce!
It's hard to believe your eating fast food, seriously, the first time I came here I was impressed. The chicken is not greasy, cooked just right, and my favorite part is the JUICY TENDERNESS- OOOHHH SOOOO TENDER. LOVE it. And thats not the only thing I love- HELLO?! Texas Toast! and the house sauce. The menu is super simple and everything is good so you cant go wrong :)
I've never had a reason to complain about Canes. I love their food and their service is UNBEATABLE! Once, while stopping through the Drive-Thru, the associate sang to me! Everything is always clean when I go inside and the food is ALWAYS hot and fresh. These guys are great!
The tea is AHHHMAZING! I was drinking so fast I nearly choked. Lol. It's quality tea! The chicken fingers were yummy. I put LA hotsauce in my canes sauce and it was mouth watering. The fries were not fresh but I'm not much of a crinkle fries fan.
This is a franchise, but who cares when it's so good! The chicken is absolutely awesome and the sauce they give you is the best sauce I have ever had. The fries and chicken go really well with the sauce. As if fries and chicken weren't enough, they give you amazing garlic bread to go with it. 

This place is one of the best franchises around.
"See the chicken here is cooked fresh, not refrigerated. You can tell the difference" is what my friend told me as we took a look at the menu. My friend treated a number of us to either 'The Box' Combo or the '3 Finger' Combo complete with coleslaw, french fries, texas toast, chicken fingers (4 pieces with the Box and 3 with the 3 Finger) , a dip and a drink. It didn't look a lot but I still ended up taking home 2 chicken fingers. It could just be me - I'm not a heavy eater - but the meal was undoubtedly very satisfying. 

Also, I absolutely adored how the walls were lined up with movie posters - American Pie, Hangover and all that jazz. It had a very American vibe to it and was just the right place to hang out after having to go through 3 hours of speeches from communication class. Fun, enjoyable, place felt like it was in a rush hour - it was packed and the food was ultimately savory. What are you waiting for, everyone?
The menu is very limited; all the food here comes in one color: #cc7722 aka ochre. The chicken strips and crinkle fries are a little better here than at other fast food joints. Psst, the rumor is the secret dipping sauce is a mixture of ketchup, mayo, Worcestershire and spices ... shhh!
I been here a few times since my friend introduced me to it a couple years ago, and I like the fact it's a simple menu like some burger chains.... the food portions are just right and I love the dipping sauce for the chicken. I usually get the 3 Finger deal, which comes with a drink, fries, toasted slice of some kind of bread, and 3 chicken fingers with 1 dipping sauce for under $7
LOVE LOVE LOVE RAISING CANES!  That should be the entire review but it can't be.  I think I've already done the other Cane's reviews so I must do this one as well.  Raisin' Canes is a lot like In-n-Out in that they keep things simple and they always do it right!  I've never once had a bad experience at any Canes and they have never once messed up my order.  Their food is phenomenal because they have just basically 1 item on their menu...Chicken Strips (not entirely true, I think they have a chicken sandwich as well).  Everything is made fresh and is never frozen and every time I take a friend there from out of town, they go bananas for it and demand to go the next time they're in town! 
The great food is followed by great service which, the two, hand in hand can be hard to come by these days.  They're always fast and friendly and even one time when I had a gift card but gave them my Raisin Canes card and they couldn't pull up my free meal, I was getting upset cuz I (the idiot) thought I was wrong and they were messing up, and they never once seem frustrated with me or upset.  It's just a great atmosphere at Cane's and I love going there.
My wife and I stopped in here just to get away from the strip a little bit. For off strip fast food the food is awesome and the prices are a welcome "relief" from "on-strip" pricing. If you make it here, you won't be disappointed.
I tried the Caniac combo: 6 pieces, toast, fries, cole-saw, and drink.

- Chicken fingers are better than chick-fil-A! Very tender, soft yet, crispy!
- Sweet tea is similar to McDonald's (which I like), but more addicting and less sweet. 

- Fries are not special, reminded me of frozen bought fries. 

^___^
You want some straight up fingers and fries? This is the place. I eat here all the time. If you want crispy fingers and fries with Cane's sauce, POW! This is it!
Why is it that the fast food in Vegas is better than the regular restaurant food here in Rhode Island? I can only think of one place anywhere near me that serves a freshly made chicken tender...

The chicken tenders here are just about perfect. They are actually TENDER because they aren't dried out frozen pieces of chicken sponge like they serve at most places. The fries are good, the texas toast is damn good and the coleslaw is perfect.

The sauce though. Kind of like a texas petal sauce. Really different and interesting but I liked it. Then I dumped a package of their Texas Pete hot sauce into it. And I really, really liked. 

Five stars, loved everything. And just noticed that they have a location in Boston. That's only an hour away. That's not too far for fast food....is it?
Second to only Zaxbys !  But since there is no Zaxbys on the westcoast... They carry the crown for chicken finger spots. The service is better than there franchises in the south.
For some reason this Canes just taste better than all the Canes, like its really amazing! But anyways, I really only like Canes because of the sauce and the bread. The chicken actually has no flavor by itself and the fries get all soggy in the box, but that freakin sauce makes you forget all of that!
This is the first time i have ever been to a raising canes restaurant. The food is all fresh, the chicken is never frozen and hand battered to order. Chicken tenders were delicious, had yummy salty crinkle fries, enormous soft buttered Texas toast, fresh brewed sweet tea and coke products which i love! The staff was friendly and the food came out quickly and piping hot. The only reason they do not deserve 5 stars is because the honey mustard costed extra and the only sauce they have is canes sauce, ketchup and honey mustard. Since I dont like the cane sauce or the honey mustard I was seriously bummed that they didn't carry ranch or BBQ. Will definitely return for a Togo order and dip in my own ranch :)
This was the best fried chicken I have ever had. I wasn't expecting much but a person I was vacationing with had heard good things, so we went for lunch before we left town and it was great. The service was quick and polite, using our names. The chicken was flavorful and came with a great dipping sauce that had a little spice. The toast was awesome and the fries were pretty good too. The place was clean and comfortable. I will definitely be going to another one of these restaurants if I see one again.
Got the itinerary all set for the next Vegas trip....this place!

The buffets can hold off for a while, the 21 tables will always be there.  

But until they expand to the Bay Area, their 4(?) Vegas locations are as close as it gets for their "Box" special or 6 piece Caniac combo which could really feed two at one sitting.  The tenders don't sit around, they are always crispy outside and juicy inside.  Throw in homemade slaw (good but a bit soggy), Texas toast (better than Sizzler) and seasoned crinkly fries (better than Del Taco) and it didn't even need their secret sauce but a little didn't hurt it at all.  I try to keep the fast food reviews to a minimum but sometimes you just feel like telling everyone!

Their mascot is a Lab.  More cool points right there.
This place is extra clean. Extra cool and they provide large cups of water. The food is extra good. You get service with a smile. The people seem to love they jobs. And you will crave the food long after they close for the night. I love this place. The chicken is from heaven and omg the fries are soooo good! They give you bread and this cool secret stuff to dip ya chicken in. Its soooo good! The place is clean kids are welcome. They always have long lines but manage to get everyone fed quick  you never take your food back here because its always correct. This is a must go to if you never been.
Recommended by a friend. What a mistake!.  I didn't want a combo since I can't eat the fries... this revelalation was rewarded with a deer-in-the-headlights look.  I asked how large the chicken fingers were and was told they were something akin to enormous, so I ordered three.  When I asked about sauces I was told they had ketchup or a  spicy sauce for which they charge extra. Not even any ranch dressing!!! When the fingers arrived they were very thin and nowhere near enormous.  Pretty tasteless is the best I can say. Stick with Popeye's.
I must admit, this place has a hype! Although in my opinion, I like their chicken better than Chick-Filet. It makes me wonder why I randomly crave it though? It's just ok chicken fingers. Fries are nothing special, but they dont lie about their sauce. I ALWAYS mix the hot sauce with it. It completes the chicken. Also, Raising Canes has got to have the most refreshing sweet tea in this city. Theres always smiling service. & To top off why I come back through the drive through: they give my dog milkbone treats! A labrador is their mascot logo, so I always give kudos to dog lovers.
Juicy Tender Fried chicken strips! This place is amazing! I don't think I've ever been here and didn't like the chicken... It is always juicy and full of flavor and the fries that it comes with is always Fresh, crispy and goes great with my fried chicken, secret sauce, Texas toast and drink! 
If you're in Vegas you gotta try this place, plus it saves you sooo much money not going to a Buffet.
Cheap prices, restaurant is always clean, Great/polite services and amazing food!
I'm all about the Sauce and Chicken here!! So tasty, fresh, and hot!! Can't forget about the Texas Toast and the Homemade Lemonade though!! Mmmm. Drool...
Great food. The chicken tenders were crispy and the fries are always fresh. The Texas Toast is a must and their sweet teas and unsweetened teas are to die for. The staff are super friendly and efficient. The place gets busy around lunch time and the tables would get filled up. As soon as a table is open, an employee clears the table and wipes it down. 

Recommended if you're looking for food fast and fills you up.
Good food. I love their ice tea! The sweet tea is on a sweet side for me so I usually do half and half meaning... half sweet tea and half nonsweet tea....
Hands down the tastiest, juciest chicken tender ive ever eaten. My favorite fast food restaurant in the world.  Chicken strips are fresh and always 100% delicious.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Its the little things that make me smile... like the crushed ice instead of cubed and the crinkle cut fries.Canes special sauce is Orgasmic over everything.  last time i visited Vegas, my bf and i ate Cane's 3 days in a row before we drove back to san francisco...its THAT good
Outstanding service!  Food was delicious, and the sweet tea just right!  Wish we lived in the area so we could go weekly! =)
We tried Raising Canes by accident when a friend had some take-out at a UFC party. It was freaking fantastic! We went by and scooped some up for dinner tonight and was once again totally amped. The chicken, which is delightfully fried - was so succulent. Ridiculously juicy strips is what we're talking about here. The meals come with fries, texas toast and cole slaw - but I'm in it for the chicken. It's awesome and is definitely on my favorite to-go list :)
By far the best chicken tenders I've had and they never disappoint. Everything is always served hot and fresh and the chicken is oh so juicy. The Texas toast and Cane's sauce are awesome as well. This location is always busy, especially during lunch. But even when there's a line, they continue cranking out orders quickly.
I really enjoyed eating in raising canes. There chicken strips are so good and there cane's sauce are totally delicious. So if you love chicken strips this the place for you
Second time here and finally writing a review.

The first time I was pregnant and I think that was effecting my taste buds and overAll opinion of this place. Two years ago I would have given it a one star. The smell of the place made me want to vomit and the food tasted horrendous. I think it was the smell of the grease that had the affect of me.

Now, though my uterus is unoccupied and feeling happy. So we came here a few days ago to give it another go. This time I could actually walk in and breathe. Yay!

There was extremely busy and that's muy bueno! 

Not such a fan of their limited menu. Got the chicken sandwich which was very good and loaded with chicken. The fries come in a large Amount, more than I expected. And I'd love to know what their secret sauce is made of. Not because I like it, because I didn't but because my husband is obsessed with it.

Sweet tea is delicious and fresh, their lemonade is awesome. Freshly squeezed throughout the day and perfectly sweet and sour.

The customer service was fantastic. A manager came over to ask how we were doing and answered my husbands questions. 1. If they were going to build one closer to redrock.. The answer was no. And 2. If they were going to bring it to the strip or east coast.. The answer was also no. Boooooooo ;( 

Anyway, another worker came over to ask how everything was, if we needed anything and took our empty plates.

For a chicken, fry place that's basically fast food I was surprised by the level of service,
This is the place to go right here!! 

I have never heard of a chicken strip-and-fries-only establishment before but dang it sure does work great!

I was really impressed with the food and for sure walked away with a borderline carb-coma (which was fiiiiiine by me!)

Not only do you get awesome chicken strips with a crazy tasty coating, you also get crinkle cut fries, coleslaw, and freaking Texas toast!

Oh yeah the dipping sauce is nutso too, I was told its a mayo-ketchup-creole season concoction and it jives together perfectly.
Delicious lemonade and reasonably priced! My boyfriend took me here for lunch! The chicken was juicy and delicious! We're definitely coming back!
Cane's is as good as it gets, i cant get enough of the gravy.
The BEST sweet tea in Vegas...spoken by a true Texan.  The food is always fresh and hot.  The line can sometimes be long, but it's worth the wait.  This specific location has a terrible manager that yells at his employees.  This poor girl Amber was crying while she handed me my change, because he was yelling at her.  The drive through window was closed, but I could still hear each and every word he yelled.  Shame on you sir.
Raising Canes raises fast food to a new level. Using the analogy that Raising Canes is a platform video game (e.g. Donkey Kong or Burger Time) it would be platform level 4 of 5.

  Ever since I wrote my review on the Flamingo at Maryland Raising Canes a year ago, I remain a fan. It just so happened that this past Sunday, when I stopped at the Decatur at Charleston Starbucks, there stood a Raising Canes nextstore. Leaving games of chance for the casino,  before hours of hiking I wanted a meal that was guaranteed to be good. I walked into Raising Canes.

 What keeps me wanting to return to Raising Canes is their Caniac Combo. At far less calories, the Caniac Combo probably is just as filling as the Heart Attack Grill. The Caniac Combo is overflowing with food. There is the Texas Toast which to toast is what a baked potato is to a potato chip. There is delicious coleslaw. The plate is overflowing with fries. The fries aren't nearly as good as Chick Fil-A or Nathan's, but they are filling without all the salt that is prevalent in the fastfood industry. Included is two small plastic bowls of Raising Canes sauces. The best way to describe it is thousand island dressing blended with ketchup. In reality there is probably some secret ingredients that are to be kept secret.

  The best part of the Caniac combo are the six chicken fingers. This isn't chicken, this is more like Foghorn Leghorn chicken. The chicken fingers appear larger than KFC chicken legs. Using the platform game anology, it's like the Loony Tunes Chicken Hawk finally caught Foghorn Leghorn at the level 4 platform then dropkicked the Colonial and Popeye down to the level 3 platform.

  On my visit, there was one glitch. It took ten minutes from the time that I ordered to the time that they brought me my food. At 11 a.m., I was the only customer. That shouldn't happen when it takes less time at the hyper-busy Las Vegas Boulevard location. It was my day to relax and some things are worth waiting for. Plus the employees were friendly. And does McDonald's or Burger King bring food to your table?

    When it comes to the game of fast food Raising Canes is a winner. My check-ins at Raising Canes will continue, because when it comes to eating out, I don't play games.
I love this place so much that I've once taken a road trip from Los Angeles to Las Vegas for their chicken fingers. Okay, so I ended up booking a room in town and decided I didn't want to drive back, but I did intend on going home originally.

Been to a couple of the Cane's locations on multiple occasions and they've all been consistent in quality of food and service. Chicken fingers are breaded nicely, the sauce is not overpowering, the sweet tea is good, and they serve crinkle fries - I love crinkle fries!

When you're ordering to dine in, they call out your name and deliver the food to you. There was one occasion where the lady just sorta stopped moving towards me and just waited for me to reach her for the handoff across the seating area.. But I suppose it gets tiring to walk across the restaurant every few minutes so I don't really blame her.
My review will strictly be on what I ordered:

The Box Combo - Shared this with a friend and it was the perfect amount.  I'll start with the chicken fingers.  Obviously freshly battered and fried which makes a huge difference in the overall quality of the product.  Moist, tender, crispy, and simply seasoned.  The Canes sauce goes heavy on the cracked pepper, which I didn't mind at all.  The fries will crinkle cut fries which I think are fitting to the type of meal that is being served.  The coleslaw was pretty standard and on the sweet side.  The toast well...... I mean who doesn't love a warm, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside thick piece of white bread with butter slathered on one side? YUM!

OVERALL:  Pretty good place for what it is.  You don't find places that focus on chicken fingers so it's a great alternative for those who aren't so much into the 93457203975209384 burger joints in this country.

Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
Chicken strips and fries made fresh, served HOT, and with their signature Cane's sauce. It's all done right but it all tastes somewhat mediocre. If only they would season the batter and breading more, have regular fries instead of crinkle-cut, and offer another sauce option it would be a thousand times better. 

Their sweet tea is much better than McDonald's.
I think you cornered the market on chicken fingers. Like I always say, find something you're good at and stick to it.
I love the chicken strips, tx toast and sweet tea!  I was a little disappointed tonight to find the strips are smaller and thinner but hopefully it was a one time thing.  I always go through the drive thru and they are always pleasant and have the silly little things they say. Raising canes has been one of my favorites since I was first introduced to them about four years ago. Yummy!!!!
After waiting 5 minutes to find parking, then waiting another 10 minutes in line, I was refused my order because I only had $100.00 in cash.  It was one of the new snazzy bills, all crisp and ready for circulation, but that is not good enough for Cane's.  Due to a rash of counterfeit $100.00 being funneled thru this location (I DOUBT IT) my money was automatically suspect.  The only thing suspect is this policy.  The manager would rather lose a customer over this nonsense.  Counterfeits exist, but get over yourself Cane's.
The food is very good, but to me it's the sauce that brings the experience to another level.  I dip just about everything in it--the chicken strips, fries, and toast.

My only complaint is that while the chicken strips are good, they seem to have gotten smaller in the past year; so I occasionally feel like I'm not getting my money's worth.
CANES SAUCE!!!

 my mom brought me to canes one day to get lunch and i love it soooo much. this is the first one that popped up and they have always had great service and amazing food. the chicken is always hot and fresh. the sauce as they say is boss!! also they have texas toast, of so yummy. and the have crinkly fries. everything is always fresh and made right when you order it, i love that. it just makes my tummy happy. the have a couple different box options, my favorite is the kids meal, perfect size. if im felling really hungry might do the 3finger combo or the sandwich combo. just gotta get extra sauce for that:) 

THE SAUCE!!
this 1 of my favs... eat practically every week... i usually pick up a box ( no fries, extra toast instead ) and bring it home to some fresh made rice, and vegetables on the stove... i'd like this place even more if it had some type of vege... now I'd give 5 stars but the only gripe i have, if it's called a gripe, is last two times i've ordered, came home and opened box, styrofoam is melted in some places where the chicken was touching it.  I'm not sure if im eating styrofoam or not when i eat the chicken.  It doesn't taste any different so i eat it anyway.  I understand that the chicken is so fresh its probably right out of the fryer and put in box but i wish there was some type of foil or something to prevent it from happening...
Back in Texas, the BF and I lived right down the street from a Raisin' Cane's- and they inundated the city with their billboards and marketing, and the BF was one of their biggest customers. I finally went one day and didn't get the hype, their special sauce in particular was a tiny portion, and not particularly good either.

Fast forward like a year later. We've moved across the country and yet down the street from another Cane's! Within a week, BF was there, happy again.

But something is different about this location.
He brought their food home and I took a little nibble. Which turned into half the order. And then me initiating a visit the following week. What on earth is different, I have no idea. But the chicken strips are moist and flavorful, the sauce is tasty enough to dip just about anything in, and I can mindlessly munch on their fries for far longer than I'd care to admit.

Raising Canes, you've redeemed yourself. I don't know how, but you did.
Service also is fairly good here- even in the dead of night, the staff is in a good mood. Though they have a weird habit of insisting on checking for ID even on drive thru orders under $10.  A little odd, and sometimes annoying, but they're on top of their game in the kitchen!
I love Raising Cane's dipping sauce and their bread french fries are great chicken so tender what are the best chicken fingers I've had gotta love their homemade sweet tea
This place has set the standard on chicken fingers and now they are number 1 get the box combo and you are sure to be satisfied with the amount of food
Ok let me just start by pointing out that I'm from south Georgia. That being said, you can find almost anything here in Vegas. But up until now we have not found good sweet tea anywhere, until we came here. It's awesome. 
This place reminds me a lot of zaxbys (a chicken chain on the east coast) 
The menu is really simple, the food is really good, the tea is really sweet, and the sauce is amazing!  Not to mention this place has the best customer service of anywhere.
Yea yea some of the reviews were complaining about having sugar in the bottom of their sweet tea cups and the chicken being a little greasy or oily. With the tea, they probably ended up either getting it right after the sugar was put in and hadn't dissolved yet or the very last bit in the pitcher. It's not like every cup is going to be that way. And yea the chicken might have a little oil on it. It was just fried in oil. 
No one ever eats fried chicken and sweet tea to be healthy. It's definitely not. But for every now and then, it's definitely fucking delicious.
The service was friendly, and the chicken ok. Fries were cold and not good. The drinks were served dripping down the outside in the drive thru. I also don't like to be asked for my ID for a cheap fast food purchase. Especially without the option to use debit and enter a pin. Giving some teen my ID at a fast food restaurant is not appreciated.
I always come to this one bc its always clean! They have good customer service and are pretty efficient. .CANE SAUCE. .. I'M ADDICTED TO. .. YUM.
The owner's allowed us to have a fundraiser at their restaurant for the Uplift Foundation of Nevada and we bought a crowd. The counter people were friendly and they bought you your order. I do like their food and the youth we bought could not get enough. Thank you Cane's and we will be bringing the kids back.
Vegas has a few joints specializing in straight up chicken.. strips?!! After a few drinks and a long ride in from Los Angeles, hunger struck and my sister recommended Raising Cane's.

The inside has a slight Johnny Rocket's feel to it.. meaning it looks like an old school diner. Outside there's a drive-thru that seemed to always be packed during my last visit, as was the inside. 

The menu was SIMPLE. Combo #1; a few chicken strips, fries, Texas toast and a drink. Combo #2; a few more chicken strips, fries, Texas toast and a larger drink. This was the case for the next two combos. 4 combos total folks. *They also have party platters for larger groups. 

Staff was on point; proper organization and communication both in the front and the back. 

As for the food.. The chicken strips are marinated for '24' hours and are not frozen.. so there's none of that freezer burn lingering. They're then breaded and cooked to order.

As far as taste goes, you can tell the chicken tenderloins used are of a much higher quality than that of your typical fast food spot. There's a salivating juiciness you get from cooking chicken properly too, and each strip here is cooked accordingly. Generously breaded and lightly seasoned, each bite you get a little crunch followed by the natural flavors and juices from the chicken. Complimenting the chicken strips perfectly,  they provide you with a "Rasing Cane's" dipping sauce; Perhaps some honey mustard, ketchup and pepper? I'm guessing what's in it, but it was actually a nice little sauce whipped up that complimented the strips just fine. Nothing was over salted, over cooked nor had an odd taste to it. Good stuff. These things would actually go great with a brewskie! 

The prices here are fair and they have good, quality foods. When I'm back in Vegas.. catching a buzz off the strip and am looking for a quick bite, I'll grab some Raising Cane's chicken strips.. no doubt!
This is a very friendly place. Food always hot when you get it and the employees are super nice. If you're through the drive thru a lot of times they greet you with rhyming. I love the fresh lemonade and have had this location cater for my job before. The chicken is addicting.
Ok, so Eat24Hours gave this a lot of stars, but the food is just terrible.  Though the service was excellent!  I got cheesy garlic bread and a pepperoni pizza.  Would NOT order again.
If your hungry this is the place to order from! Barbara is so nice at the pizza place and the food is great i don't know what the previous post was talking about.. I think I might have to make this a routine stop every time I'm in vegas! =)

The website above is not correct.. www.topthispizzalv.com  enjoy everyone =)
Always awesome pizza, Try and stop on in every time I am in Las Vegas.
Terrible! I just had an order delivered from here and for the price it was horrible. I asked if it was grilled chicken on the salad and they told me It was but it was frozen. It was canned chicken with iceberg lettuce. It was not even Romaine for $6.99. I will not be ordering here again. I called and told them how I was disappointed and they could care less.
This was, by far, the worst experience I have ever had with ANY business.  The pizza delivered  outside the promised time frame was incorrect, and when Eat24 contacted the business, they refused to issue a refund, offering instead to give me the correct pizza when I ordered from them, again. It didn't seem reasonable to have to re-order another time to get the pizza I'd already ordered and paid for, so I said that was unacceptable, and stated that I would like either a refund or to have the correct pizza delivered.  The restaurant then stated that they no longer had a delivery driver working, which  was a bold-faced lie, as they advertise on this site that they are open for delivery until 2am; it was roughly 7:30pm. At that point, I stated to the Eat24 Rep that he could have the pizzas picked up and said that I wanted a refund for the entire order, because I was done - D-O-N-E, IN A VERY BIG WAY -  and I simply wanted to order from a reputable business who would deliver the correct items within the time frame promised. Lo and behold, suddenly the owner of the business, himself, was going to get the correct pizza to my front door!  Fine. Whatever. I don't give one tiny rat's... posterior. I just wanted my freaking pizza, for the love of all things good. D-O-N-E.  At this point, I had invested $50 and more than 2 hours of my life in simply trying to get the dinner I'd originally ordered. 

I clarified repeatedly with the staff of Eat24 whether this establishment would need the original, incorrect, pizza back, and was told in the chat that they would not, so finally, I allowed my poor, famished roommate, who had been waiting patiently throughout this entire process, to dive into the pizza.

An hour later, I opened the door when finally the bell rang, and imagine my surprise when standing on my doorstep was the delivery driver who had supposedly been sent home! 
Me: "Correct me if I'm wrong, but you are not the owner?"
Driver: "No, Ma'am. I would like to apologize for the problems you've had. I told them you seemed like decent folks and this, well, it stinks."
Me: "Thank you, but again, to be clear, because they stated that the owner, himself, would be bringing the CORRECT pizza, you ARE NOT the owner?"
Driver: (laughing very hard, perhaps at the absurd notion that the owner would... work, perhaps?  Appease a customer? Actually do what he says?) "No, Ma'am.  I am definitely NOT the owner."
Me: "And you were not called back into work, have been working all evening?  You did not go home, as I was told?"
Driver: (no longer laughing, now shaking his head and looking embarrassed, almost sad) "No, Ma'am."

In the interest of not causing problems for the delivery driver, who was the ONLY redeeming factor for Top This Pizza in this entire experience, I will not relay the remainder of the conversation that followed.  I will say, however, that I hope this gentleman soon finds a far more reputable company for whom he can bust his buns, because it does not seem that Top This Pizza deserves him.

Fast forward to 10pm, four full hours after this debacle began.  I had not touched the re-delivered pizza, because I truly expect that a business this unconcerned with making things right with a customer would take no issue with doing something disgusting to a pizza, and the thought of that has ruined my appetite.  I had been trying to reach Eat24 since the pizza was re-delivered to relay the final chapter of this saga, but of course, because Murphy's Law is in full effect this evening, their server had gone down. I know thismost definitely is NOT their fault, but it added to my frustration in ways I cannot even begin to articulate.  I also could not call, because I would need to pull their number off their site. As far as Eat24 goes, the only bad thing I can say about them is that it might be good if their phone number was on their receipts, so that if their server goes down again in the future, customers aren't left hanging.  When I finally spoke with a Rep, Eat24, being a reputable, customer-friendly business, offered to refund my money. I accepted, stil frustrated but relieved to have reached a resolution.  Unfortunately, this experience has left a bad enough taste in my mouth (no pun intended) that it will be a very, very long time before I entertain the idea of using this service, again.
One star is too good for these chumps!

As we returned to our hotel room one Saturday night in Vegas to freshen up to go out and gamble, we thought we'd save some time and order up some pizza so it would be there after showers and primping. The day before, we found a flyer stuck to our room door for Top This Pizza and we figured we'd utilize the good coupon deals they were offering. I called the establishment several times, but the call didn't go through (tried on cells and the landline in the room) so I placed the order online. They called about fifteen minutes later to confirm the order. Then an hour and a half goes by.  I figured ok, it's Saturday night at 11pm in Vegas. Understandable. Finally, the delivery man calls my cell and says he's downstairs at the valet and would I come down there to pick up the pizza. I asked him why he wasn't coming up to the room and he informed me that they did not deliver to the rooms, even though they called previously to confirm the order and the room number.  I was pretty surprised, and as I was still trying to get ready to go out for the night, I sent another one of our party down with some cash to pick it up.  Several minutes later he called again asking where I was. I reminded him that I sent someone down and described the person collecting the pizza. He called twice more in a matter of minutes, becoming ruder and ruder as I assured him that our friend was indeed down at the valet looking for him, and had been for several minutes.  We asked again why we paid a $6 delivery charge if they refuse to deliver the pizza to the room to which he replied, "We don't like to deliver to that location."  We then told him to shove the pizza up his butt and went downstairs to Johnny Rockets instead.  Glad I was paying cash! Save yourself some aggravation and do NOT order from these clowns.
My son & I ordered from here the other day; I asked if the marinara sauce was chunky. The man on the phone told me I do not know it is marinara sauce. Could he not go over, take a spoon & freaking look at it? He said, I can put our "pizza sauce" on your spaghetti...Um, no! I took the chance & it was not chunky but very bland! The ranch that came with the order of chicken fingers {which were pathetic measly pieces) my son ordered was in ghetto containers with tin foil for lids. What restaurant cannot afford lids? Top This Pizza will never be entering my house again!
Despite the response posted by the business 6+ months after this terrible experience, I stand by my original review. The original, incorrect pizza was NOT gone when the delivery driver returned, as the response stated; in fact, I reviewed the emails exchanged between myself and the Customer Care department at Eat24 following this experience, and verified through those messages that there was more than half of the original pizza available to be returned after my very hungry roommate ate, as he had been instructed to do. Most importantly, the only real reason to dignify this absurd, overdue response to my original review is to respond to the claim that I'm attempting to hurt their business. When the incorrect $50 order was received, I asked to return the complete, untouched order and receive a refund. I was lied to and manipulated as the business tried every trick in the book not to correct the situation, finally being delivered the correct pizza FOUR HOURS after the order had been placed. Stating that they had gone 14 miles round trip to correct the error seems to be moot, as 1.) any business with even a modicum of customer service skills would have corrected their error without question from the start, and 2.) at no time did the reply address the fact that whomever was operating their shop that night had lied outright to both myself (the customer) and Eat24 (the business by whom they were represented during this comedy of errors).

Please note that Eat24 issued a full refund of the money spent on this order due to the fact that the Eat24 Customer Care Rep stated that all of his communication with this establishment had been exactly as I'd stated, as he was actually the person with whom the "owner" spoke that night. Eat24 also cited the fact that the business did not take reasonable steps to correct the issue when presented acceptable solutions. More than 6 months have passed; this situation should have been addressed at the time, when it was more than a "he said, she said" scenario. 

I proudly support local, especially family-owned, businesses, as I myself used to be part-owner of a small business that, after nearly 20 years in the family, was unable to compete with large corporations. I will not, however, blindly support a business that, when faced with a simple error, takes astronomical steps to avoid providing basic customer service and conflict resolution.
Would not reccomend this place at all. They advertise pizza by the slice but apparently don't have it ready. They open at 10 am but I went in at noon and asked for pizza and they said they just turned on the oven and it would be 15 minutes. I came back in 20 minutes and there was noone around. I waited 5 minutes and left. I came back at 1245 and asked again and was told it would be another 15 to 20 minutes. The only reason I kept trying was I was doing laundry next door. I woukdnt reccomed it at all.
love this promo
Cheeseburger pizza sounds great on paper but turned out to be nothing like as advertised...there is actually plasticky american cheese thrown on top, not mozzarella and cheddar. In addition, the bucket of fries was not a bucket...just a container filled with mooshy, greasy, cardbord things instead. To top it off, the cheesecake advertised as new york style is a chicago style cake that is pre packaged. Worst food ever....and all lies on the menu!
Delicious pizza and great specials all the time. UNLV students get a 10% discount also!
This place is pretty good! It might not look like much, but the employees are friendly, service has always been pretty quick, and the pizza is decent for the price. The place is across the street from the UNLV campus, the pizza is cheap, and so it's ideal for a student on a budget.
Pizza is not a complicated thing to make, and despite their best efforts, Top This Pizza seems to miss the mark. Ordered a 16" with pepperoni, mushrooms and peppers for delivery. When it got here I was amazed at how little cheese was on it, which sure to the lack of made the rest of the toppings dry out pretty badly, and since mushrooms start out pretty dry to begin with, not having a protective layer of cheese makes them almost inedible. The sauce was decent, so I give them credit on that part, but it wasn't applied fully to the edges of the pie which made some slices inconsistently crusty-er than others. I will probably not be ordering from this spot again, I don't feel that the quality of the food is justifiable with their pricing (my pizza with delivery charge came out to about $25) as I can get better quality pizza for 2/3rds the price almost anywhere.
I just picked up an order. I think the health department needs to be called. Just saw a huge roach crawling up the wall over the deep fryer. I didn't even know what to do. I'm afraid to eat what I bought.
Amazing pizza 
Good price
Me and my friends were hungry and made the order and they came by really fast
Wings maybe small but are packed with flavor
I love the insanity here, but I'm a bit biased. The food is always great and we try to try new things whenever possible.  Pizzas made any way you want them.  Tons of other options.
This has to be the most dirtiest place I ever seen! But I tried to look past that and enjoy a pizza while I was doing laundry...the sweaty woman behind the counter took forever to take our order kept telling me "I'll be right with u" but that took 10mins and she wasent even doing anything ..... Finally I ordered a simple cheese pizza she said it would take 10 mins so I waited 20 mins to make sure , when I walked back in to get my pizza they never even made it and asked me if I can wait 10 more mins!!!! I told them I'm out what a waste....so don't waste ur time there
Gross everything
chicken has no flavor and sweet tea smh horrible not sweet at all taste like rust water never again will I come here
Their chicken is almost never fresh and when you ask for fresh, the people in the back get attitude. They also try and give you tiny pieces of chicken and pass them as tenders and get annoyed if you mention that to them. Only a few decent employees, the rest are crap. Need to improve food quality
We just moved to Las Vegas from Los Angeles, and after a couple weeks of fine dining, we decided to go for one of our favorite comfort foods - Dominos pizza.

Unfortunately, what was our regular order for years and years in LA is inconceivable to the folks at our new local Dominos.  

The manager literally called us up to argue with us about our order.  That it had too many toppings, that it wouldn't cook right, that we were manipulating the system (by asking for 4 substitutions on on an Extravaganzza), and that our order was so complicated it would confuse their cooks.

I'm sorry, but if your employees can't handle 4 substitutions or cook a pizza with 8 toppings, then maybe they shouldn't be working for Dominos.

And quite frankly, neither should this manager for calling us up and arguing with us about our order instead of making sure he has his sh*t together at his store.

Piss poor customer service.  Never ordering from here again.  Probably a good thing, will save them a lot of confusion.
I was so sad to read the reviews of this Dominos. I have ordered from them a few times and loved it! In fact my family is big on Papa Johns and they liked this Dominos so much they started ordering from here too! 
I order from here at 3:21 pm today and I don't get my order till 4:13 pm that's the first problem. I tip the guy because its hard to find my house and he found it with no problem...now I'm regretting that. Only because my pizza was cold when I received it. Then I asked for light cheese and I pretty much got dough with veggies barely any sauce and probably enough cheese just to keep the veggies on the pizza. The pizza was so thin I could make a better pizza myself! Next time Digiorno frozen pizza would be better! I will post pictures of my pizza. Avoid this place at all cost will never order here again!!!
this is the worst Domino ever in life to even exist I'm staying at Circus Circus with my husband for vacation the  delivery guy can't even come up to the hotel room he expect you to meet him at the valet then we meet him there he's not even there and has is going through a wild goose chase my husband goes to get his ice and see the different Domino's employees from the same shop that we order from delivering to the room right next to please anybody do not order from them on vacation or anybody living here in Las Vegas do not order from them the delivery guy told my husband that he had to give him a three dollar tip because he was waiting on him and when I tried to call the store back to the store can hanging up on us bad service bad employees terrible  plus the pizza guy had our pizza in the back of his pickup truck his food handlers license should be revoked and he should be physically pulled away from any fast food restaurants if any health inspectors  are reading this you should go in  over there and have them searched enough said blow the dust off this place I'm done!!!!!!!!!!
Wing Stop obviously is a chain that sells chicken wings.  Not buffalo wings because I have recently learned that buffaloes do NOT actually have wings.  Nope, not even under all that hair.

This particular Wing Stop is much like the others I have been to, but the staff here was cool and very helpful.

The wings could be a bit bigger, IMO, but at least they are more tasty than wings at *other* places that mock owls.  Without all that breading.
Go for the Atomic...it's mouth-watering!
If you rate this place less than 4 stars and think BWW is better than Wing Stop there is something wrong with you and are NOT a wing expert.

Hands down this is the best wing place in down. The wings are made to order unlike BWW where they place them in a warming oven (why do  you think they come out so fast?). They have less fewer flavors for the wings than BWW but the choices they offer are really great - I always go for the Orginal Hot...they are not too hot but not too mild, very flavorful and this is sauce that is finger-looking good!

I also  would suggest the fries, they are awsome as well!! They put a sugar salt on them that made them very tasty!! The staff is always friendly and always pretty steady with customers.
I love Chicken Wings! Wing stop has the best chicken wings in size. Smaller wings to me are better than big giant wings that make you think.....hhhhmmmmm?? Wings with Steroids?

I additionally love that  Wing Stop has different flavors, although I tend to stick with the normal plain extra crispy wings with Hot Sauce on the side. My favorite thing to do as if I was making love in a very non-sexual way, but metaphorically speaking of my passion in the love of wings...is when dipping the wings in the hot sauce, then blue cheese dressing, soon after flying the wing into my mouth with every scrumptious tasteful bite and eating every meat, skin and cartilage leaving the bone spotless as if it has been hand washed with Palmolive! So orgasmic!! 

Snap! Back to earth.....the only downfall is that wings can get pricey especially when I can eat as much as Man VS. Food and devour 30 wings with no problem!! 

My only wish is that they should have special prices on the wings weekly. Nevertheless, I cannot help but to occasionally visit Wing Stop to satisfy my wing cravings!
Lunch today was from Wingstop. Myself and two co-workers decided to call our orders in since the online ordering requires a credit card payment. 

I went with the 10 piece combo, boneless. I was allowed to choose 2 wing flavors, I went with Original and BBQ. The combo also came with fries, which I decided to swap out for potato salad. I also got a side of ranch dressing and a soda for $6.99.

The order was ready when the employee said it would be, that is a plus. When we got the food back to the office, the first thing I noticed was the lack of any kind of marking on the outside of the containers. All three had to be opened to see which was which. 

I've had better wings. And potato salad for that matter. Maybe I would have been happier with other flavors? The original was fine, had a kick to it but not too hot. The BBQ is also fine, a little sweet, but I personally prefer a bit more tang to my BBQ sauce. I tried some of the fries my co-worker got and definitely regretted making the swap for potato salad. 

I will probably try Wingstop again on a later date, but I will certainly order differently.
Went back twice cuz we didn't order enough wings for our team potluck! Good service, but 20 mins for 50 pieces of wings? Might be a big too long? Good wings though...you can't go wrong. 

-regular hot
-garlic parm
-lemon peppers

All flavors were good.
I had much better wings in other places.  I thing most of the wings was over cooked.
I need to start by saying I eat boneless wings almost every chance I get because in my head I justify them as being healthy and "low carb" with complete disregard for the breading. Wing Stop is stellar for several different reasons. Especially this specific location.

For one thing, they get your name when u are ordering and they actually use it again for personal touch. LOVE this. Secondly the wings.......served hot, cripsy and fast! The flavor of the BBQ sauce is a love affair in my mouth of sweet, brown sugar and smokey mesquite goodness. I cannot recomment the BBQ with ranch dipping sauce enough. Now, the Pamesan Garlic didn't do it for me. This still did not stop me from stuffing them in my face, but just not as sexy as the BBQ.

The food is delicious and the staff is on point with the service by making me feel welcomed from the moment I walked in until I left. The only reason why they are not getting a five star is because I still think Wingstop is a bit pricey. Here's a tip though. On Monday and Tuesday they do offer .50 cent boneless wings....... Just don't let my stalkers know this!!!!
Wing Stop really is probably the best place for wings in Vegas. In fact, some of the best wings anywhere. And if I know anything, I know wings.

Wing Stop is quick, easy, and delicious. And I really have no complaints about this location.

The boneless wings seem to leave something to be desired. Same with the newer additions to their menu. Just stick to the basics. Go with the standard wings and fries.  

The original hot and cajun are my favorite flavors. Sometimes I'm feeling frisky and opt for the atomic. Even better, I order half original hot, half cajun, and get a side of the atomic sauce (yep, they will do that).

Be sure to order the wings wet. The star of the show here is the sauce. Go extra wet.

And don't forget the cheese sauce for the fries.

For me, it takes 4 things to be a great wing place:

1) The wings themselves must be of good quality. White and meaty.  *check*

2) The sauce covering the wings must be exceptionally delicious and spicy.  *check*

3) The dipping sauces must be excellent. All too often, great wings are ruined by horrible blue cheese sauce. But not here. Wing Stop has some of the best blue cheese sauce I have ever had. And the ranch is pretty good too.  *check*

4) There has to be a good side to go with the wings. And the fries at Wing Stop, especially with the cheese sauce, are well above average.  *check*

So yeah, go get some wings from here.
I used to swear by Buffalo Wild Wings, until my girlfriend introduced me to Wing Stop.  While they might have less of a selection when it comes to flavors of wings don't hold that against them.  The Wings are awesome, I have tried BWW a few times since eating at Wing stop and they just don't compare.
Close and convenient. It does the trick when I'm in the mood for wings.

Go on Tuesdays or Wednesdays and they have 50 cent wings. Why do I always end up there on a Thursday or Monday, though. Grrr.

They don't have nearly the variety of a Buffalo Wild Wings, but they are pretty inexpensive so that's a plus.
Me and my co-workers always get the best service.  They have no problem with us faxing in an order and the food is ready when we arrive.  The food is excellent.  I love the cripsy texture of the wings, and the boneless strips are GREAT also.  On one of our visits, they gave us a ton of free food to sample all the new items on the menu.  I highly recommend this place.  BTW, the RANCH is the best!!!!
I love all the wing they have even the dips too
i'm not much into chains but this place is awesome. good wings, good deals, and the ambiance is cool...they have plane memorabilia everywhere lol and i think the way they offer paper towels is pretty neat too...u just get as much as u want coz those wings can gt messy. the only thing i dnt like it they charge for the dipping sause when u want extra, but i guessed this is there way of cutting down.
Wings were great! 

Only 3 stars because the customer service was horrible. The manager, who looked like he was a teenager and arms covered with tattoos (doesn't look very professional, maybe a long sleeve shirt would have helped him look more professional since his attitude didn't help), had a smart a** attitude and was rude. When we got back to office with our food, they completely screwed up our order. 

My coworkers and I will be eating wing stop again, BUT at another location, hopefully one with better customer service .
The wings are really tasty and so are the fries. My favorite so far is the lemon pepper & garlic parmesan. I haven't tried the cajun or hawaiian or teriyaki yet, but I should have an updated this week. This has been our usual friday lunch spot for the past two fridays in a row. I like the 10 wing combo w/fries and a drink for under $10.00.
I wasn't a big fan of wings until I had the lemon pepper wings from Wing Stop.  I love the fact that they naked fry their wings.  I don't like the heavy battered wings.  Yuck.  Back in Houston, I would eat those wings at least once a month.  Honestly, I did not like the fries the few times I had it in the beginning, but I grew quite fond of them.  There must be sugar as one of the ingredient of the seasoning or something.  Whatever it is, I dig.

The good thing about Wing Stop is that they all make the same delicious wings, from taste to texture.  I have not found a soggy wing yet...and hopefully will never!!!  Anyways, since we were on a time crunch, I put the order in online for dine-in and that was very convenient.  The website is user-friendly too.  When we arrived, our food was ready for our consumption.  The staff were nice. 

If Wing Stop wasn't so far from where I live, I will definitely come back more often.
The wings are large (they have Wings, Boneless, and Chicken strips) they have about 6 to 8 different flavors so not much of a selection, A meal is about $8, and I think the worst part about the place is that they take FOREVER to get your food out- yes, the food is made fresh, but if you're on a time crunch I don't recommend eating here. The seating area is small. I like what they do with the fries though, they add a bit of sugar to it so their sweet (regular and seasoned fries available)
10 piece bone-in wings, original hot. That's my order every time I eat here. The wings always have that perfect amount of heat that makes my mouth burn and feel heavenly at the same time. The wings here are usually pretty big compared to some wing places I've been to. They each have just the right amount of sauce on them and a good amount of meat. Now let's move on to the good part...

THE FRIES!  The fries here are soo delicious. The seasoning they use makes the fries so addicting. I always save them for last because they're my favorite part of the meal.  Quick tip though: if you don't like salt, stay away from them.
The fries - its all about the fries mostly. Fresh cut and still in their skin, these are long and tasty pieces of potatoes. It clearly brought me back to an East Coast boardwalk or any boardwalk where you find those fries that they stuff into a cup at like $6 for a cup, but nobody cares because they are just so darned tasty. Ok, back to the wings, I ordered a 6 piece combo deal of boneless wings in Hickory smoked BBQ sauce. These were solid white meat and crunchy on the outside which was perfect to dip into my blue cheese that surprised me with some actual chunks of the cheese floating in the dressing. Also, like that wacky soda fountain where you just push a button and you can have like 100 different choices. Fanta Orange Zero was new to me.
   Well, the reason I got those fries was because I didn't notice the giant stand up poster advertising Boneless Wings for 50 cents on Monday and Tuesday and the nice young girl at the counter never mentioned the deal either. I would have skipped those fries if I was in the know, so it turned out decent. Also, minus a star for the dude (manager?) who was wearing his hat backwards in the store and then decides to smoke his cigarette semi-close to where I was eating at 10pm at their outside tables. Although, I didn't really catch too much of the cig smell, this dude clearly shoulodn't be smoking right outside in the front. If I had seen that before I entered, it would have been a quick U-Turn. Overall though, food was good for a Wing joint and good help is hard to find anyway these days.
I used to come here weekly for lunch.  Honestly, it's a bit far from work so I don't come out here nearly as much as I used to.

They have a new soda machine which is amazing.  It's one of those coke machines with the touchscreen and hundreds of combinations of drinks.  Gotta love that.  Except when the old people who don't like technology take their sweet time trying to figure it all out.

The fries are amazing, though I should admit they aren't most peoples style.  They are quite limp (but not soggy).  They have a good thickness which allows you to actually taste the potato.  They salt the hell out of them so make sure you order without salt though.

The ranch dressing here is also awesome.  It's thin without being watery.  Normally I like a thick ranch, but wingstop manages to make a thin sauce that's really perfect for dipping.

The wings (boneless and strips) themselves are about average.  They do have some good sauces though (If doing boneless, I recommend ordering the sauce on the side for dipping).  My personal favorite is the hawaiian.  Beware of the mild sauce as it's really watery/runny.
yummaaaaaaay....open till midnight! Chill outside on the patio at night, or during the day if its not 110 degrees. Fresh veggies, tasty blue cheese dip. Weird baked beans, more like baked bean soup. They tell everyone 18 minutes for the order to be ready. You may want to call ahead if your impatient.
One of the BEST locations out there. I live in Los Angeles and always make it a point to stop by this spot when in Vegas.  Have NEVER had a bad experience.  Friendly, pleasant staff..extremely nice management, fresh chicken done just the way you order it, CLEAN table & restrooms.  Really wish some of the ones in Los Angeles would take a page from this locations customer service book.
Heard about Wing Stop from my sister due to the special on Monday and Tuesday.

If you are looking for take-out, be sure to call in 15-20 minutes in advance or you may have to wait.
Though the advertisement said it was 50 cent boneless, the store has upped the price to 60 cents per wing for some time which is still cheaper than normal price. 

Tried the bone-in classic and I personally found them better than the boneless wings at Wing Stop due to the salty-ness. When the wings were boneless, the seasoning was a little too salty for me compared to the bone-in classic.

Tried the atomic, and it isn't as spicy as I thought. Both the atomic (spiciest at Wing Stop) and Cajun (their main flavor) were both spicy to the tongue, however, tolerable if you are into spicy foods. Do not try if you are not into spicy food. However, if you are, these are definitely ones to try. Both to me seemed to taste fairly similar except for that Atomic had cracked pepper in the spicy rub. 

If you are not into spicy, tried some of the classic bone-in wing with Lemon Pepper, and those were addicting. It is something to try, recommend it.

Wing size compared to other places I've been to, are bigger, which is good if you like it with a little more meat. 

Overall, good place, near where I live, and though they do get busy on special days, so be sure to call in beforehand!
The wings and sauce were good but seemed to be way overpriced.  Also, the actual size of the wings seemed a little on the small side.  I do love the soda fountain with 108 combinations though.  Since I've found out that BWW has a "drums only" option, I don't think I will be coming back to Wing Stop.
Loved from Phoenix to LV. amazing fries and the wings are perfectly cooked with flavors out this world
Awesome!  If you haven't tried the Louisiana Rub, you should. It is the BOMB! Just the right amount of kick. Delicious!
Sabrina P.
Sometimes you just need to dig into a basket of wings and indulge a bit.

I love love their lemon pepper wings...I usually order them boneless but I like both. Their french fries are also pretty good as well.

Service staff is quick and friendly. They make their wings when you order then so it'll take 10-15 minutes for your order to come out.  

Wingstop is my go to spot when I'm craving chicken wings ^*^
I love me some wings especially when they are from wing stop I usually get the boneless Louisiana rub it is the bomb and the kick is out of this world lol.  The staff is really quick and really friendly never been to a place well a few but not like this place where they were really friendly and helpful when it comes to ordering.  It usually takes 10-15 minutes for your order to come out and that is perfect so when I am craving some chicken wings or boneless wings I go to wing stop.
They are building one of these places by where I live. And I had to find out if it was any good while in Vegas. I was very impressed with the food we had. The boneless wings are nicely breaded with the perfect amount of sauce. But the thing I wasn't prepared for was the bone in wings. They use a dry rub for all of them. And at first I thought I usually only like saucy wings? But these were really good! I hope the location going in by me does everything the same. I will be going a lot if they do.
Quand je regarde des parties des Canadiens, souvent je me fais mes propres ailes de poulet. J'ai une excellente recette, et c'est rare que je vais en trouver des aussi bonnes ailleurs dans un restaurant. Chez Serge, un bar sportif à Montréal, ils font des excellentes ailes de poulet, mais une seule variété, qui n'est pas assez piquante à mon goût. 

Je n'aime pas les ailes de poussin trop cuites des Cages aux Sports; trop petites, trop cuites et les sauces ne sont pas assez goûteuses. 

Je n'aime pas plus les ailes des Buffalo Bill. 

Mais ici, chez Wingstop, les ailes sont EXCELLENTES. La qualité de la cuisson, la grosseur des ailes, le goût des sauces, j'ai ADORÉ! Tellement que s'il y en avait un proche de chez moi, je ne m'en ferais plus, j'irais chez Wingstop. 

Donc si vous êtes à Las Vegas et que vous cherchez des ailes de poulet pas trop loin de la 'strip', c'est là place!
Meaty wings, bland sauces. I don't like a whole lot of spice on my wings, so ordered the mild and the garlic parm, but still expected SOME flavor...not so much. I made my own sauce and tossed the wings in them- much better. Good quality chicken. Avoid the fries.
Wings were cooked right& good size. Staff was great, it took a while that was because they cooked fresh to order- defiantly worth a visit
Yep, they have wings... Their flavors are bland, the meat was dry, the fries were OK. I probably won't go back because there are so many other wing places that are better.
One of my favorite places to go for lunch during the work week. I always get the boneless strips, cajun or hawaiian. Love that they have the drink machine with over 100 choices. Fries are very good. 5 boneless strips, fries and a drink is $8-9.
If you are reading this you are obviously having that inner battle with yourself of whether you should have wings for dinner or not. If that is what is happening right now I am going to go out on a limb and assume that it sounds a little something like mine once did. Lets see if I can help to answer any of your questions.

Hmm Wing stop... I wonder if they have good wings?

You bet your wing loving ass they do!

I really like spicy but my significant other doesn't, ugh if they don't have something for her/him this isn't going to work.

Of course they do Dumbo... You just throw down some Cajun or Atomic Wings and let your less spicy less interesting other half toss down some garlic Parmesan or lemon pepper wings.

The question is.... Ranch or Blue Cheese?

Sorry, I never said I would answer all of your questions, I truly despise blue cheese so your on your own here.

Boneless or bone in??

Considering a boneless wing is really not a wing at all I personally stick to the true wings and go for bone in. But for all you, " Oh i really want wings/Chicken Nuggets" People out there, I would assume the boneless would do the trick.

Lets just stop playing this 50 Questions game, stop being a sissy and go pick up a 20 count 1/2 Cajun 1/2 Atomic bone in wings and fries. Ready GO!!! You won't be disappointed, make sure you order ahead on the app or online to avoid waiting 20+ minutes for those delicious little wings... Also remember, Red bull doesn't give you wings, Wing Stop does.
This place is amazing! They have great chicken! Bone in and boneless I love the garlic parmesan. You can get there in house made chips or fries and both are phenomenal. And don't forget to try the yeast rolls! Plus they have that 1 million combination coke machine for so many different flavor combination
Same as all other wing stops which is kind of comforting. It was nice to get off the strip for some east tasty food. Near Walgreens and easy to get to and easy to park. Great soda machine with tons of options.
I love wingstop and I've never had an issue until I came to this particular store.  My fries were soggy and my wings had no sauce.  If I order the mild sauce, I'm expecting there to be mild sauce on them.  I should not have to specify I want my wings wet.  If I wanted wings with no sauce I would tell you.  I went back the next day and they had to verify my story by calling the manager at home.  This time the fries were great but once again there was no sauce on the wings.  It blew my mind.  If I would have ordered, let's say the teriyaki wings, would I need to specify that I want them wet so I would actually get teriyaki sauce on them?  Nobody working there even apologized for the whole situation.   This is the worst wingstop I've ever been to.  Every other wingstop has been great.   I'd go to another wingstop if you can.
Why is it that every time I am here, I end up leaving about 10 lbs heavier?! I guess I am a sucker for some good wings! The wings here are great. You can even order them boneless! And with so many sauce options and only so much room in my stomach, I always find it hard to choose. I always find myself going with the Spicy Garlic, Caribbean Jerk and Mango Habanero.....can't go wrong with any of them. Of course if I don't "feel like chicken tonight", the Popcorn Shrimp and Chili Con Queso are always winners.

I have been to several BWW out here and this location is my favorite. Bartenders are great and always provide the best service. Sundays during football season are the best here. Great crowd and food....you can't go wrong!
update: so im cruising the north end of town to hang out in the red rock casino, when i spot this BW3s - had to try it - still awesome - and the best ting about the vegas Buffalo Wild Wings and the rest of the nations other BW3s - they're open 24 hours (actually just the bar - but they serve the wings there too) - gangsta! ha.

here's my review of another BW3 -

ah yes - the "other" wing mega chain - BW3s - so good.

since ive been introduced to Buffalo Wild Wings about 4 years ago - i have longed for one to arrive in san diego - but prayers unanswered, i have to settle for this treat whenever im in the midwest, or vegas.

i enjoy the the traditional hot, spicy garlic and carribean jerk - but the king of all sauces is the ASIAN ZING! wow. simply outstanding. they have expanded their menu a little - and have added new sauces like the parmesan and mango habenero - but i really like these new naked skewers - much healthier options...

but who are we kidding right? hook up the 18 wing combo with some fried mushroom caps - and its on - BW3s rocks my world. thank you.

oh and btw - did i mention that the place is littered with big screen TVs and rock and roll music - perfect for those wanting to see "the game" (any game actually since the invent of the satellite).
I love this place.  It's right around the corner from me - always great bar food, cheap, the kids love it and the staff is pretty cool.
Without a doubt this IS the location for BBW... Friendly staff, fast, efficient, AWESOME wings, they have never screwed up my order... unlike the other locations..... No other location can beat this one.

I always stuff myself here and feel terrible for about a week after!
Buffalo Wild Wings? Yes, please. Boneless wings? Oh yeah! A huge variety of sauces to smother said chicken in? Yup.  Scrumptious? You better believe it!
Husband and I are big fans of the boneless wings. I loved the flatbread pizza, too.  This place is super chill--wings are served in paper trays, totally ok for your brats or obnoxious sports loving husbands. They have trivia, tons of TVs and decent service. 
Tip:  Skip the special lemonade--it's Minute Maid with nasty syrup added.
Came here to watch the Kimbo Slice fight; turns out we totally missed it, but didn't find that out until after dinner.  They wouldn't turn the sound on for the fight, even after the big football game people were watching ended.  We ordered drinks and beers, and the usual burgers and food.  It was all mediocre, in a plasticy, chain restaurant kind of way.  What kept the place from sucking was the really helpful, smiley service and pleasant atmosphere.  It's not the best food, best drink, or best place to watch a game, but if you find yourself needing to be there, it wont hurt you.
Can't really go wrong with Buffalo Wild Wings! Came in here with a couple of friends to watch two different NBA Playoff games.

The food is solid. Nothing fancy or gourmet about this place, but you can get wings, popcorn shrimp or anything else that tickles your food baby.

I would recommend staying away from the Parmesan Garlic wings. They came out crispy and overcooked. When we asked the server to bring us a new batch, they tasted turrible. Everything else though? Awesome.

Beer selection is pretty good. Everything from your mass domestics, to some craft. Try a Sierra Nevada or Sam Adams Boston Lager with something really spicy. It'll change your life.

Bathrooms are amazing! Each standing stall in the Men's room had a TV. Nothing better than watching TV while you finish up.

Also, the best part? PLENTY of TV's. My friends were more interested in the Laker game, so they watched that, while I watched the Jazz game. We all sat at the same table, and were still able to be social with each other because we were surrounded by TV's.

One last thing. It's 24 hours! Holler.
Also known as: BWW. Also known as: BDubs. Also known as: The place that has a lot of TVs and if no ones watching and they can put the game that you want to watch on any TV that you want. 

When you walk into any BWW for the first time, one thing that you'll notice are the massive (OK maybe not massive, let's say large number) of TVs all around the restaurant. Patrons come here to eat wings, drink beer and watch sports! I love that they have drink or food specials during games! It's a great place for large groups. This particular location has a room that you can reserve, ahead of time of course, and they can close it off for your group equipped with enough TVs and your own server (I'm sure) for you and your compadres. If you have kids, it's a good place to take them. They have these blue things that you're able to play trivial games on, forgot what they're called... But my son, 12 yo, plays with it. And there are also about 2-3 video games that they can play too. For the 21 and over crowd, there is a bar area and it's open 24 hours, just fo yo info! 

We've been repeat customers to this location long before I even moved here, almost 6yrs ago. 9 times out of 10, our service is top notch, service with a smile, pure awesomeness... It's that one out of 10 that we get that server that we do not like... That is why we always request for our favorite servers. 

Anyway, on to the stuff we ingest. I usually order 2 tall Coors Lights & 6 traditional style wings with Parmesan Garlic Sauce. Beer- always crisp fresh oOoOo yummy. I was never a fan of any wings from any place but the Parmesan Garlic, changed my mind! I love garlic and it's the only sauce that I eat. My husband orders 6 Mango Habenero another 6 wings plain with medium sauce on the side and a basket of wedges. I personally don't like those particular sauces but he does and those wedges are yummy, crispy on the outside nice and soft on the inside. 

The 5 Star rating is is well deserved, but that's just my review ;)
I came here last night with my husband around midnight. I love 24 hour places but I'm always wary about what kind of crowd I may find...drunk and mean....loud? I was happy to find a nice laid back crowd. When I walked in "I thought... "So is this where all the single men hang out?". There were quite a few ..I'm married but just sayin...to any single ladies out there..that may value this type of info...male to female ratio was good! I also liked that the place was well lit and had good music playing it gave off an upbeat vibe. There are huge televisions on practically every wall playing sports but if you are like me and not into that they have these game machines at the bar. These aren't the poker machines which bore me to death ( they have those too) but they were just fun video games that were free. It was a good way to the pass the time while we waited on our food which came out pretty quick. My husband and I shared Nachos and the Blackened Chicken Salad. The Nachos were light and crispy they had jalapenos, cheese , chili, sour cream etc on them. It didn't give you that heavy feeling after eating it . It was really good even though I tend to stay away from chili. I liked that the chili wasn't piled all over the chips you can eat this without getting messy . The salad was also delicious ..the Blackened Chicken was nice and tender and had roasted garlic on it. it. The salad had tomatoes, red onion, croutons and creamy ranch dressing. The quality of the food was top notch for the price you are paying. I would like to come back in the near future and try their wings!
Wings. Tasty wings. It's in the name, and it's what BDubs is all about. As someone who doesn't give a crap about sports, it's still a great place to go, and mainly for the wings.

Since May I think I've been to this location 5 times, and have had some minimal ups and downs.

Getting seated and situated is never problem, and neither is ordering, but once you get your food (which  takes longer then it should), it seems as though the waiter/tress just forgets about you and never stops by (and this as happened on a couple occasions).

As for the food - the wings are where it's at. They're delicious, and the sauces make them reach a level no other wing has reached. 14 delicious sauces, and they can also be used with chicken tenders, sandwiches and so on.

So besides wings (and chicken tenders), I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, which I was really excited about, as I love pulled pork, and it came with the hot bbq sauce as well. But when I got it, it was a disappointment. The bread seemed dry, the sauce wasn't up to par, and even the pulled pork seemed dry! I learned my lesson, stick with wings!

And for those planning on doing the Blazin Challenge, if you pass, you still have to pay $5 for the shirt, it's no longer free.
I come to this Bww's quite frequently due to its proximity to mine and my friends houses. Sadly as much as we come here nothing ever just happens right for us here. The service is fine but usually our wings are somehow child's sized or over-done or under sauced. It's quite saddening because we still come here if only because it's so close to where we live. Although those desserts that taste like they're from a box in the freezer never fail to makes us crave this Bww either!
Okay, I will not comment on the excellent food and sports option here because I will assume everyone knows that about ALL the BW3's. 

What makes THIS BW3 SPECIAL IS EVERYTHING ELSE!!!

Open 24/7 and hilarious about it. So, I needed some time away from taking care of my crazy ass grandmother (not senile, because she willingly says creepy things to people for a reaction). At 2am, I walked up, doors locked, a spot light on a lone switch, pressed it...3 seconds...LOUD SCREAM!!!...i jump like a douche, bartender runs out the other door, apologizes, gives me a shot of Jameson's as consolation.

Upon ordering, he turns on a surveillance tv pointed towards that same spot I pressed the enter button...PURE ENTERTAINMENT for a solid hour.

This place gets my seal of AWESOME!!
The only reason I'm not rating them 5 stars is the service; their service is slow and crappy! The servers stand around chatting with each other instead of refilling drinks, fulfilling orders, and asking if we need anything. Ugh... if the food was not as good as it is, I would not be coming back.

Luckily, the food more than makes up for the crappy service. My boyfriend always gets wings, and I get tenders, and we share them. Their tenders are very crispy and juicy on the inside. They come in orders of 4 or 6 and they also come with your choice of sauce, fries, and ranch dressing, just how I like them. I usually get them with the honey bbq sauce, as the wings are usually coated in a spicier sauce.

Parmesan garlic is my favorite sauce by far for the wings; it tastes very Italian. Spicy garlic is my least favorite; it's too spicy and doesn't have any specific flavor otherwise. I've also tried asian xing (which is really good), Caribbean jerk (which made my nose runny from the heat), hot bbq (good), and mango habanero (delicious! but it made my eyes water
Why did I keep eating??

Basically, you come here for those deep fried delicacies known as boneless wings.  I've tried the potato wedges, burgers, wraps, and salads, and all are average at best.  Don't waste the stomach space.  There are many sauces to choose from, my favorite being the spicy Mango Habanero sauce.  

Here's what you do:  

Call in an order of about 20 boneless wings just for yourself on a football Sunday.  Make sure nobody is home of course, this is going to be a shamefeast.  When you return with your saucy bounty, close the curtains, lock the doors, and get carnivorous.  Nobody likes a quitter, so just like a marathon runner you'll have to push through.  Yep, I just compared running a marathon to stuffing your face with boneless wings.  SHAZAM!
I enjoy coming here in the middle of the day during the week to study or work while using the FREE WiFi.  That's one of my favorite things about B-Dubs is the FREE WiFi.

I'll order a 6 pack or dozen Boneless Wings and just work away.  It's really hard not to have a Beer or two while studying so I'll cave every once in a while and grab a Blue Moon.

The staff is always friendly and the atmosphere is great for hanging out.

Return Factor - 75%
Just came in for some medium traditional wings and found out they have Happy Hour now!! woo hoo, In the bar,  it's 3 dollar tall domestic beers, 3 dollar appetizers , and 3 dollar jack, captain, or absolut.. needless to say I had a bit more than just filling my craving for wings!! I came after 10 pm and the late Happy Hour runs Monday through Friday from 10 - Midnight, then their earlier Happy hour is from 2pm- 7pm. Yay this is going to be my new happy hour hang!
Bleh. The Thai curry wings were not very good. The burger was ok, the fried pickles were chewy, the garlic mushrooms weren't very garlicy and the batter on the inside was not thoroughly cooked. Honestly I can't remember the last time I had a good meal there. The menu still shows apple pie and cheesecake though they no longer sell it.
Gotta give this place four stars for how they hooked me up last night.  I won a poker tournament back in January, and it was finally televised on some obscure channel on Dish/DirectTV.  Called a bunch of bars around town, and BWW was one of the few places that had it.  I rolled in with my friends at 10pm to watch, and they put the show on the big screen with the volume on for me.  On top of that, it was happy hour, so $3 beers and apps.  Sorry they were out of Jack Daniels, Mario.  Staff has always been super cool every time I've come here, so it's no surprise that they were so helpful.  Thanks, BWW!
I have gone to this Buffalo Wild Wings for a while now. It's a chain yes, but a good chain none the less. I love their sauce options and am a real big fan of the Parmesan Garlic. Being a guinea, garlic is my weakness. The only thing that lures me in even more is adding parmesan cheese to it. It reminds me a lot of the Italian Style wings we use to make at our old pizza place. They also have a great Mango Habanero that I enjoy, great for fans of spicier sauces. It's sweet and very spicy as the name implies.They have awesome buffalo chips when they decide to actually fully cook them. Often times they are slightly undercooked and that makes them just kinda Meh. I do take out from here more often, but occasionally eat in the bar area. 

The staff is always friendly and they get bonus points for being so helpful with putting Rob's tournament on the big screens with audio and everything. What else is pretty awesome is they have $3 Jack Daniel's, Domestic Drafts and something else after 10. Along with $3 appetizers. They also have specials on Tuesdays and Thursdays. If I remember correct they are special priced regular wings on Tuesdays and boneless wings on Thursdays. 

Sometimes I do prefer Wing Stop but I'm not passionate one way or the other. It kinda depends on what area I'm at. Also WIng Stop is way more of a takeout place, where Buffalo Wild Wings is the kinda place you can chill with friends and catch a game.

Also completely unrelated to the review, I really dislike calling this place B Dubs. I know the name Buffalo Wild Wings isn't short or catchy but that nickname is a pet peeve of mine. Maybe because of hearing people call George W Bush, G dub. I don't wanna think of that guy when I'm thinking about where to get my eat on. Sorry, rant over.
You cant beat tuesdays at BBW.....enough said.
Service was good, they put the game we wanted on screen, however the food wasn't great. It's like the wings had been sitting under a heat lamp for a while.
I've found it. I've found the worst ribs in the city. And you'll be able to experience them also if you head down to Buffalo Wild Wings. I made the mistake of ordering the 1/2 slab of ribs and wings and what came out was the saddest boiled ribs I've ever seen or tasted. I should have known better than to order ribs at a non-BBQ place so I have no one to blame but myself. The ribs were small, rubbery, tasteless, and full of fat. There was no chance of the meat falling off the bone. It was the epitome of failure. The wings, on the other hand, are always tasty. Service was decent but nothing note worthy. I'm still a fan of this chain, but not their ribs.
I have no cable, no satellite TV, and barely a good enough antenna to get 
more than 8 non-spanish channels on my TV.

So, that's why whenever the Blackhawks are playing, or the Cubs are getting ready to lose I'm here.  There's tons of high screen TV's that are always on sports, a bunch of beers on tap, and great wings.

The service is always pretty good, but when it gets a little busy you'll get a bartender asking if you want another drink right after you ordered one from the last guy.  Let's be honest, though...that's better than the alternative where you sit for 10 minutes before the bartender even sees you need another drink, then asks 3 minutes later if you want it (I'm looking at you Kona Grill).

So.  It's got pretty good bar food, even if you don't like chicken wings, and fairly okay priced drinks ($3-$6, 8-9 for the fancy lady drinks with fruit and flavored vodka, etc).

-1 because only one game can be on sound at a time, and it generally winds up being the game the biggest idiot in the bar wants to watch.  Also, because they ditched the Chicken Caesar Salad and most of the other "healthy sounding" food items my girlfriend liked.

That's it.
Awesome service, great drinks, our waitress, Janina, was so wonderful, it's nice to know there is still customer service out there.
I'm usually a Wingstop fan but when I had a wing craving on a budget, I suggested Buffalo Wild Wings to my husband because their wings are $0.45 on Tuesdays. I haven't eaten here in 4 years because the last couple of times were gross, but I decided to give it another try and after tonight, never again Buffalo Wild Wings. 

We ordered 15 spicy garlic and 15 Asian zing traditional bone-in wings, large fries, veggie sticks, and 3 ranches. The quality of the wings seemed lesser than those of Wingstop; they were small, tough, and over cooked. The spicy garlic sauce was a typical hot sauce with a bit of garlic flavor and the Asian zing was sweet and boring topped with red chili flakes. Although neither of which were actually spicy like their names implied, I definitely prefer the "spicy" garlic. 

The large fries looked like a medium from McDonald's. When we order a large fry from Wingstop, I've had 4 adults and two children work on it but never managed to finish it whereas my husband and I alone were able to kill these fries. The veggies had really stringy, strangely bright green celery, and baby carrots. The tiny ranches, which cost 60 cents each, tasted like they came from a bottle of Hidden Valley. 

When I pulled up to pick up my food at 8:30 PM, the place was packed with people parking in the adjacent desert. The girls in the front tilted my box of Asian zing on the side so all of the sauce spilled over the boxes and the bag. Since I haven't eaten here in so long, I thought that the box was holding something which should be stood vertically, but if I worked here and saw to-go bags going out constantly, I would have noticed it and fixed it. So I guess some people like to come here for the scene and the game, but if you're looking for a good wing meal to-go, this is definitely not the place to get it from.
I did not have a good experience at this location.  Service was slow on a not so busy night.  Food was not at it's usual quality.  Have not been back to this location.  I prefer the one a few miles south.
It's average, had a burger and have had alot better ones in a lot of other places. Typical pub food but you pay more for the ambience. The only thing I have enjoyed here is there steak/roast beef wrap. Everything else is just average.
All I heard about this place from friend back in the midwest was about how cool this place was...  well...  wait for it....  wait for it...  

FAAAAAILURE!

Went here with hockey buddies after a game and we wait for 30 minutes in a packed, small waiting area.  When we looked into the restaurant, there were tons of empty tables... I'm talking like 10 to 20 tables.   meanwhile my stomach is empty as hell and screamin' for some food.  We waited and waited and finally got in after about a 30 minute wait....

While we were seated, I watched the other less fortunate souls waiting with puppy dog eyes at the front waiting area, as they stared in amazement at the 20 or so empty tables and no servers seating anyone.  It was so blatant and wrong yo!  It was like waving a pork chop in the front of an Ethiopian kid.  Exactly!  Soooo wrong.  

So finally the food comes out after a super long time.  When my burger comes out, it looks like a puck that I just slapshotted in my hockey game!  It's totally freakin' hard as a rock and the fries are old and have been sitting around.  Oh hells no.  The crazy thing is that I'm so hungry I wolf this thing down in about 5 seconds.  Don't lie, you know you have done the same thing...  lol  

This place was a total failure.  I doubt this one location is indicative of the entire chain... but be warned, the servers, waiters and managers do not give a shit about you, the food or anything else in between.  Where the hell is the zero stars option...  

Keepin' it realz....
This is my regular Buffalo Wild Wings! There are about 3 in Vegas. The one on the strip gets way too crowded & doesn't have as much sauce quality like this location. & the north location is far from me. Buffalo wild wings has some of the best wing sauces I know. I'm a spice lover, so I recommend mango habanero, Thai curry, & spicy garlic. If you're lucky, you can try one of their limited time sauces. For sides, its hard for me to jot order buffalo chips with cheese. They're pretty much good potato sliced wedges. & as for dessert, the typical brownie with vanilla ice cream is satisfying. Although buffalo wild wings is nationally popular, some may not have tried it. Might as well go for it in Vegas! Its not expensive & yummy.
I LOVE CHICKEN WINGS!! My fave is parmesan-garlic!!
Okay. It was Saturday afternoon and just found out the Pacman/Marquez fight would only be showed at MGM properties.  We called around town.  New York New York, Aria, Monte Carlo and Planet Hollywood all had the fight.  Unfortunately they were charging around 65 to 80 bucks cover just to watch; not including food, drinks and not guaranteeing a seat.  With three girls and four guys that would be rough.
With our prospects not looking good.  We called on a friend to look it up on the internet.  Coming through, she tells us that the fight would be showed at Buffalo Wild Wings and there is no cover.  No cover!  Score.  We get directions and head over.  We are not locals of Vegas so going west of the strip is foreign to us.  We have only gone as far as the Orleans, Rio and In and Out Burger and that is it.  But we get there in one piece and before the fight starts and that's all that mattered.
The crowd inside was mixed.  We went there to see Pacquiao win.  More than half of the patrons were going for the other guy.  Proof is when my son came in with a Filipino flag on his back and people were booing.
The cool thing about this place was that they had all the sports on-  College Football (Oregon VS Stanford especially), UFC (dos Santos VS Velasquez) and the fight.  It was nice seeing everywhere you looked a big screen with sports.  That night was a good night for sports.
We got a table that was perfectly placed by the bar.  We were also near a bathroom.  We had great service and the fight ended up being good but unsatisfying.  I want to see another rematch.  The wings were awesome and the drinks were good.  We had a great time.  This place is a winner.
The food was good but the service was HORRIBLE. They also basically stole money from me. 

We went in and got seated pretty quickly, it was 3rd quarter in a game so I figured the food wouldnt take forever... I was wrong! The waiter was initially good but quickly started to suck. He brought out our food and never brought us silverware or  ranch. I flagged him down 20 mins later, and his response was that " I keep forgetting I have a table back here" my son was sooo hungry he started eating with his hands! He ended up bring out fresh food and silverware.. FINALLY.

Our bill came and I asked if he could take off a meal since it took FOREVER and he went and asked. He came back and told me that his manager took off our to go order and that he would comp our appetizer. He then said "your bill will BE LIKE 23$" I gave him two 20$ bills and he was off. I could tell he didnt know how much change to give me but he brought it back and quickly walked away. Inside I found 7$!!! 7$!! OK our bill was initially 31$, I shouldve got back 9$ but since he took off and comped me it SHOULDVE been  A LOT CHEAPER. From my calculations, he took off 10$ for the to go and 5$ for the app, that would only be a 16$ bill. I figured ehe really didnt cover the app, which is why it was 23$

I spoke to the GM and he was freakin oblivious, and offered me a 25$ food credit. I was sooo pissed, the waiter basically jipped me for 17$!!! The managers response was that he couldnt do anything about it... so hes letting his employee STEAL MONEY FROM A CUSTOMER? At this point I was soooo mad I wanted to cry, I ended up leaving and telling him to teach his employees basic math. I called the next day to speak to another manager, who was not helpful, and he said the GM I spoke to was higher up and I was welcomed to come and talk to him... OK, I live on the other side of Summerlin?! I'm not driving AGAIN over there to get something fixed that shouldve been fixed LAST NIGHT. 

I have not went back for my "food credit" I did e-mail bww customer service but they suck horribly and have never e-mailed me back. I really wished the waiter wouldve given me a receipt, but of course he didnt bc he didnt wanna show how he stole money from me.

Freakin jerks! I wish I could give no stars!
Any place where I can drink beer, watch the game and play trivia all while breathing in the goodness of smoke-free oxygen deserves at least 4 stars. Forget about everything else, this place has a strict no smoking policy and that makes me a very happy person. 

I stopped in here Tuesday night around 7ish and b-dubs was packed. The happy hour crowd was just starting to filter out so I was able to get a seat at the bar. The stools at the bar are so much better if you can snag one. The stools around the tables don't have backs and they suck. If you're going to be here for any amount of time get a barstool that you can at least lean back in. 

Tuesday is 45 cent wing day so I ordered lots of  chicken wings in different sauces. My favorites are mango habanero which is my "go-to" and jammin jalapeno which I had never tasted before but loved. The wings here are very small so I usually order a few more than I normally would at other wing joints. The service is pretty average, about what you would expect from any popular chain. I like the smokeless atmosphere and lots of little wings in different sauces, so for that, I'll go back.
Very satisfying!  2nd time here at buffalo wild wings and both time was excellent.
The order:
50 piece wings and fried pickles
10 piece Asian zing - killed it
10 piece Thai curry - killed it
10 piece Parmesan garlic - kids loved it
20 piece salt n vinegar - always a favorite in our house hold!

Would have gave it 5 stars, but when I have to ask for drink refills instead of the waitress bringing it without asking - this is something I always frown upon. Especially when the place wasn't packed. Would go back for the food and hopefully next time I wouldn't have to ask for refills again. And yes I did tip the 16%, since she did ask every 5 minutes afterwards. Waitress name: Tiffany
The food here is okay, but it's really the service that makes me a fan of this location. During our hour and a half business meeting, our drinks were always refilled when they were down to a third and both the waitress and manager kept checking on us to make sure we were doing well. We only ordered a couple drinks and an appetizer sampler, but the waitress was sure to tell us all her favorites on the menu and make a lot of suggestions before we ordered. Next time, I'll definitely come down for some happy hour specials. They seem to have a lot of good deals everyday, like lunch specials immediately followed by happy hour. The only thing I don't really like about this location is that the parking area is pretty cramped, but it's not a big deal since you have the entire shopping plaza parking lot.
Nothing like wings margarita and Fantasy basball,
Try blazing!
Very nice place and service is excellent.  Usually come in on Tuesday's for their 45 cent wings.  Probably the best deal for wings in the city.  All the flavors are well made (Thai curry, asian zing, and spicy garlic are solid choices).  Lots of Big screens on with games (can request of a specific game).  Waiter is always checking to see if "we're doing good?"  Always asked us if we like a refill.

Parking is a bit tight on game days, but nothing too bad.
Yum! This place seems to be less busy than the Durango and Warm Springs location I usually go to, so it's my alternate for when that one is packed. Also there are very few business that share the parking lot with this B Dubs so parking is always super easy. Like the other one, always good service and nothing to complain about. My bf and I like to keep it casual, and stuffing my face with wings and enjoying a beer and watching some baseball on Friday nights is just exciting and relaxing enough after a week of work to enjoy. Gotta love the medium sauce! Mild has a lot of flavor without being spicy and honey bbq is pretty good too. Avoid ordering mixed drinks though, it's a waste of money if you want a little alcohol in your system... so just get some beer or skip it altogether.
I come here at night mostly and ever bartender is quick, friendly, and gets their shit done! Like i said, only at night after work, for beers and snacks... (after 12am).  Awesome food. Love the salt and vinegar seasoning. I put it on everything!!!
Met my family there tonight - great casual place - I'm not a big fan of chicken wings - so when I join my family there, I'm a little limited on menu choices. I thought this place was a little pricey for the portions you get.
Seemed to be a clean and popular place. Kind of out of the way, I thought, but not too inconvenient a location.  I ordered to go and found the food quality to be no different from other BW3s I've been to.  Buffalo wings are the last meat I'll give up, and they do a good job with them. I tried their soft pretzels as well and found them to be quite good and filling. 

I like that it's 24 hours and has free wi-fi.
This Buffalo Wild Wings has to be my number one spot for wings!! Everything from the wings down to the customer service is great! 

As soon as i walk in with my buddies i'm instantly greeted and assited to a table, and all throughout my stay i am checked on bty my waiter or waitress and asked about refills, napkins, etc. 

One thing that puts BWW above the rest of the chicken wing spots here in Vegas is the variety of flavors, spices, and seasonings that you have to choose from for your chicken wings and fries.

 I've also had a burger or two and id have to say wings arent the only thing their good at making, their burgers are great! 

Very nice and clean facility i give BWW a well earned 5 stars *****
This is basically where I like to go for good chicken Wings. The varieties they have are super! Good games and good wings bring a crowd!! It's okay with me wait for great Wings and Popcorn Shrimp. Ready for some Asian Zing and Mango Habener wings, Traditional!!!

If ask for em' wet, they come extra saucy ;)
Came during happy hour ,and was charged regular price for happy hour specials.  Worst BBW in vegas. They don't honor there policy.
I love the ambience and attitude in this place. The chicken wings are a little on the small side, but great flavors to choose from. Definitely going to continue watching sports in here from time to time. The service is decent and the prices are pretty fair.
Decent bar food with a sports atmosphere.  Out of the wing flavors I tried I like the honey BBQ.  Ordered the sliders but not too impressed.  Meat seemed a little dry and I'm not a fan of having to assemble my own slider with the toppings.  We came during happy hour but unless your a fan of beer there was only another fruity choice as an option that night and I didn't notice any other happy hour options.  The trivia game is entertaining.
If it was noon (lunchtime) on a Sunday when the NFC championship game was playing........don't you think they'd staff appropriately knowing that there would be a crap load of people?  Not BWW.

We were seated quickly, then waited 15 minutes and no one came over to us at all.  I know it was 15 minutes because I checked what time I checked in on Yelp (handy little app).  Also, a table that sat after us had already been brought their drinks.  I went over to the hostess stand where a manager was actually standing and asked him if the waiter knew we had been seated.  His response was an annoyed, "Yeah, we're getting ready to send someone over there."  You're getting ready?  For 15 minutes?

So finally our waiter, Ronnie, saunters over to the table and takes our drink orders.  Then he shuffles away.  The drinks come....and he forgot my friend's Shirley Temple.  We'd like to tell him but he ran away as soon as he dropped them off even though we were ready to order by then.

We finally order when we flag him down and remind Ronnie about the Shirley Temple.  And we wait........then we ask the hostess to go get the drink because, what do you know, Ronnie forgot it again.

Now, I don't want you to think I'm being a bitch and this was just a fluke service accident.  So I offer you this other evidence: the couple sitting behind us pulled a manager over because they were having the same issue.  In fact, they set a freaking timer on their phone to prove how long they had waited.

And then there was a third table beside us who complained about a missing beer and had the manager come over.

Hmmmmmmmmm, if three tables in the same section are having issues with the waiter and the amount of time it is taking to even acknowledge customers....don't you think they'd call in more people?

The horrible service left us in a bad mood as we left early at the half.  We would have stayed to watch the whole game and ordered more drinks and food, but, sadly, Ronnie was no where to be found.  So we left and took our business elsewhere.
Whenever the stress levels are high, or I'm in a really bad mood, this is the place for me! It turns into boneless wings, fries and a lot of beer. Can't go wrong with any of those 3.
I love the wings at Buffalo Wild Wings.  The sauces are tasty and I love the crispiness.  The reason I won't give them 5 stars is the size of the wings. It seems every time I come here they keep getting bigger and bigger.  The smaller the wing, the better.
Good, standard BWW. Love that they are open 24 hours and have a late night happy hour!
The food here is EXCELLENT. My boyfriend and I come to this location about once a week (we live really close by). I've ordered every flavor and they are all great. Fantastic drink menu. Their salads are actually pretty delicious for a wing place, and so are the appetizers. Appetizers FTW. But I do think that because they do so great with their wings, sometimes they lag on other menu items.

The real downside to this location is the staff - especially during March Madness (when I come more frequently to watch games) and the NFL Playoffs. They are pretty okay on a normal day but somehow lose their minds when it gets busy. And they're almost always under-staffed. In the three years I've come here I haven't ever experienced TERRIBLE service because we always come late at night when a lot of people are leaving. But I've experienced waiters forgetting orders, getting orders wrong, not checking on us enough, etc etc. There's a guy who works at this location named Brian and he's one of the better waiters. He'll definitely take care of you.

Overall, if you come at the right time, the experience is really good. If you come on Wing Tuesdays or Boneless Thursdays, you can get specialty drinks, a nice appetizer, and a filling amount of wings for like $25 (two people). I hardly ever get a bill for over $20 when my boyfriend and I go.

PROS:
Amazing wing flavors.
Great appetizers.
Nice atmosphere.
Free wi-fi.
Cheap.

CONS:
Servers aren't that great.
Management isn't that great.
Not the best place to go for game-watching, unless you come early or really late.
The birthday boy cried... And he's 29!! What a mess!!
Their hiring process must include a Plinko Board. 

Bottom Line First: Buffalo Wild Wings has boring food that apparently takes 12 minutes per wing to prepare, a crap beer selection, which is way over prices,  and customer service training comparable to the Nevada Highway Patrol. 

If you like wings, don't eat here.
If you like your friends and family, don't bring them here.

My next Yelp! List will be PLACES THAT ARE BETTER THAN BUFFALO WILD WINGS.

I have been to this Buffalo Wild Wings about 20 times in the last few years. My friends in the area love it, so we go frequently. Every time we visit this location, everything goes wrong. 

I came here for a friend's birthday party and I kept my mouth shut while in the restaurant as to not create a scene. 

Our table waited 50 minutes for the wrong food to come out twice. I ordered to go, as I had to leave the party for work. I even paid when I ordered. Our server, shorted my  change and still stressed that gratuity was not included in my total. I didn't make a big deal over it. Every time she came over, she said that mine should be right out. I wanted to cancel it, but again, did not want to make a scene.

I pointed out a bag that had been sitting by the register for 20 minutes. It turns out that this WAS my order. She had it remade, which made me really uncomfortable. 

She tried to make a joke out of it, not understanding how difficult it is for me to not be mean sometimes. She did not offer to refund the food cost or offer anything additional either, she just said "well you have somewhere to be, so get out of here."

The food, which I had to eat on my rushed drive was spilled all over the bag and was not hot. The napkins in the bag were soaked from the spilled sauce. It was the typical, half-assed Buffalo Wild Wing garbage food with no veggie sides.

(I will spell check this later)
Usually this place is overly hyped and overly expensive for what it is.

But can't say no to a good deal! Came one Tuesday when they have 60 cent wings and special prices on draft beers and lunch specials. 

One thing is make sure you can count.. Yeah made tht mistake when I said I wanted six buffalo wings (beware they're dry spiced, no sauce), six medium and six sweet and tangy BBQ. For some odd reason I thought that was 12 and then afterwards I realized it wasn't. Damn I felt like an idiot and now I know why i failed math four times in college. But anyway..

The spice and sauces are delicious. Can't say no to wings. But believe me they get you on the fries and ranch. For a tiny ranch it was 1.25. For that price I'd rather bring ranch in my purse! 

For four of us (18 wings each), a large fry, 2 drinks and 3 sides of ranch  it came to 58 bucks. Next time I think I"ll Try wing king especially since the service was so so. On the plus side a manager did come by and introduce himself which was refreshing
So BWW hasn't changed much over the years just a few new menu items. I haven't been to a BWW for a few years but we wanted to watch the PPV UFC fight, so what the heck. It was a packed house, but service was good and we got our food quickly. Since it had been a while I had to see if the wings tasted the same. Yes they do, my complaint about BWW remains the same, they need crispier wings. I got them with Parmesan Garlic sauce which I really liked. I got to go back and buy a bottle for making wings at home. Got some fries, they were average skinny cut fries. Tried oneof my friends Fried Pickle chips, they were good, nice and crispy. IMO prices of BWW is too high, Wing Tuesdays is the way to go and get them cheaper. I've found better wing places in town so there isn't much bringing me back to BWW.
Been here twice now and the food is pretty good, my boyfriend loves it and I don't mind it either. The service is decent not horrible but not amazing either. I prefer this location because it is not jam packed and seems like more of a family place and is not so loud that you can't hear each other talk. I would definitely go again, probably when they are running their wing special on Tuesdays.
Kelly is the best bartender!!
We met up with some friends here on a Saturday night.  The place was pretty busy being there were baseball games and the UFC going on.  We were seated towards the back right next to all the kids games.  For some reason parents think its okay to let their kids hang around them even if they aren't really playing them.  Quite rude I must say.  However, that is besides the point.

Brian was our server.  The place was busy but he was all over making sure we were well taken care of.  I love that.

All the food was good from what I saw that everyone ordered.  However the "rub" on whoever ordered it was not obvious to taste.  One person had the vinagar salt on their chicken-you couldnt taste it at all, and another had the desert heat and same outcome.  I did have the desert heat on my naked tenders and it was perfect so I must have gotten the right "rub-chef". LOL  Other than that...everything ordered minus the "rub" issues was great.

On the way out the manager greeted us to make sure all was good and we gave our kudos to Brian the waiter!  I hope that got back to him.  Love great customer service!
I'm not one to frequent restaurant chains, but I have to admit that I do love me some buffalo wings from B-Dubs. I usually order the wings to go, but when I don't feel like making a mess at home, we'll dine in. Even on game nights (which I think is every night, they have like 50 screens with different games playing) there is never a wait, the place is so big. 

I always order the traditional wings with hot sauce and a basket of potato wedges with cheese. Sometimes I order the boneless wings, with hot sauce as well. I would recommend you order them extra wet, sometimes they scrimp on the sauce.  

On another note, be aware that the speed limit is 35 mph, not 45, despite the fact that it is not a residential area. I found out the hard way. Yikes.
Usually I go to the BWW on warm springs & durango, but this time we were near this one.

The food was good as usual, but the service here sucked. We stood at the host stand for a good 5 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us. And there were 4 employees in front of us. One was taking a to-go order and the other three were chatting and trying to figure out how to set up a table for 8. Does it really take 3 people to figure that out? And couldn't you at least welcome us? Finally, the lady taking the to-go order finished and sat us..

Our server took forever to get to us. We were long ready by the time she finally got here. While waiting for our food, I finished my drink. Our server was at another table, so the manager/supervisor (?) brought us our food. I was waiting to see if she would offer me another drink. She didn't... Very professional of a manager. So we flagged down our waitress and she finally brought me a refill. 

And the best part you ask? We were seated right next to a POS. The manager was standing there most of the time, gossiping with the waitresses. Couldn't really hear, but by body language and the giggles, it seemed like they were talking crap about guests.

I will stick to my original location where I am not ignored and where the employees don't gossip in front of guests.
We order take out every Tuesday for their 60 cent wing special. We've visited this location at least a dozen times and have never had an error on a take out order and the wings are always cooked properly and seasoned well. We are working our way through the flavors. I highly recommend any of the dry rubs (distinguishable by the use of "seasoning" in the flavor name). The sweet bbq and honey bbq flavors are our 5 year old's preferred flavor. I'm a big fan of traditional wings and my husband and kid prefer boneless. The boneless wings are all reasonably sized/shaped and you definitely feel as though you've received the same amount of meat. Also, you may receive a survey on your receipt with a $5 off coupon, which if you're a weekly visitor will be surely used within the 14 day expiration period.
Another family affair, wings were the order of the night. I usually frequent the Durango or LV Outlet locations. My first visit to a B-Dubs that wasn't one of the two aforementioned, but this was the closest in proximity. I almost felt like I was cheating on my regular wing spots.
Entering at first, I thought this particular location was very small. But it was deceptive. The place turned out to be bigger. There is alot of walls separating the various sections of the place.
I'm glad to say the food and service was good. Eating with my family, there's usually a few quirks in our ordering. Everything went smoothly. Checked upon often and drinks refilled.
It is worth noting they brought back their unlimited wings & fries weekday lunch special for $12.99 for a limited time(Was $11.99 when they last had it year). Their Wing Tuesdays & Boneless Thursdays are now both $0.60/wing. Boneless used to be $0.60 and on Tuesday traditional bone-in $0.45 but they raised the bone-in to match the boneless price. Inflation must be hitting this place pretty hard. Wing Tuesday has gone up from $0.25 to $0.60 since I've lived here in 2006. Even with the rising prices, I will probably still be a regular long as the service stays good. There's no accounting for good service, ever.
I really do not know why, but all of a sudden my six year-old daughter has a hankering for chicken wings.  What better place to bring her to than BWW.

We went yesterday during the crazy storm that rolled in here in Las Vegas.

We ordered sliders and fries, mac and cheese, and 15 boneless buffalo wings with the medium sauce and plain for the kids.

My kids ate everything and really enjoyed their food; I enjoyed the wings and beer.  We also watched the US vs Panama in the Gold Cup final; my daughters were into the game because everyone else was.  All in all a great experience; my kids are asking to go back already.
Came here for wings and the fights. Gets packed so come early. Service still good even when busy. Will definetly be back on fight nights.
As someone who grew up in Texas, BW3s is the go-to spot to watch sports, enjoy wings, cold bear and great service. This weekend I learned that a Las Vegas BW3s experience is very different (except for our server...he was great)

A few other things to note:

1. It took 20 minutes before a server gave me a menu or took a drink order. 
2. I noticed one server on the other side of the restaurant was attentive with his guests, so I picked up and moved to his station. Within 2 minutes, Brian gave me a menu and took my drink order. If I every return it will be because Brian was a terrific server. 
3.  I was not prepared for all of the football games to be turned off the big screens in favor of an MMA fight. 

Needless to say,  I will try another sports bar next weekend.
Ya'no, i have been here so many times i cant count. When i visit bww i get the same product every time. If the place is packed sure the wait is a little long, but the cold beer makes up for it. I have always had the game i wanted turned on and theres a shelf for beer at the golden tee machine. 3 words wings, sports, beer. Dont be a baby.
My late night favorite
BWWs never fails to dissapoint.  I have found the staff at this location is very personalable and on top of it.  Luv the variety of spices for wings.
I really like going to this bar.

I was first introduced to this bar when I lived a few blocks away.

A very fun bar to go and play trivia at. 

They have a great Happy Hour... Great food Specials, and you can catch every game there.

Brian is a great Bar Tender, I occasionally visit him.

The only issue I have is, it's crowded, and noisy.
The last time I went, wings had plenty of sauce on them. I usually order for pick up and the girl sounded friendly while taking my order. When I picked up my order, they opened all my boxes so I could see that my order was correct. So, if your order is wrong, it's on you. Little room for error (thumbs up). I just hope the sauce and service is consistent.
I like BWW and my experiences have been mostly consistent at all valley locations I've visited so far. No complaints and nothing comes to mind of anything negative to say!

I have been to this particular location just three times. The last two times were based on the fact that this is the closest location to my parents' house and this was the best location to meet friends that live further north. 

What's there to hate anyway? Mostly decent food, 24-hour dining, more TVs than I can count, sports sports sports, and quick service. I go to BWW when I have a hankering for chicken wings (or to watch a game and hang out with friends). But that's pretty much it. Their food is not very spectacular and honestly, without their chicken wings (or those delicious potato wedges), the place would easily be 2-3 stars. So stick to the wings..and potato wedges. Not the fries or chips. Trust me.

My go-to menu items are boneless chicken wings tossed with their dry seasoning, Chipotle BBQ. It's so good. I prefer dry seasoning over sauces, so I was ecstatic when they introduced the seasonings. Along with the chicken, a basket of potato wedges with Cajun seasoning. It's amazing. With their ranch and veggie boat, I'm a happy gal. Sometimes we will order one of the appetizers, but nothing is phenomenal. On my last visit, I tried their new Garden Crasher. A platter of various raw vegetables (carrots, celery, bell pepper, cucumber) with hummus and yogurt. The hummus was not very good, but to get a platter full of fresh vegetables in a bar restaurant? I was very happy.
I really want to love this place. The atmosphere is great, the staff is responsive and friendly, and the sauces are great. The problem is the chicken. It's always dry and overcooked. Not matter how great the sauce is, it can't compensate for leathery chicken.
I love this spot. Specially the night crew at the bar. Bartender mike Is always welcoming & takes good pride in his job. & serves A+, good wings, Good beer, good crowd with good workers.
Usually a pretty solid bet - both food and drink are predictable, good, but predictable. Love their wings though, definitely have their specialty down pat. If you're in the mood for fried food (you name it, it's fried here) and a cold beer, come on down!
Love this place. Great service, every game worth watching on and NO smoking. Hard to find a good sports  bar in Vegas that isn't thick with smoke.

This has become a regular go to place great staff and the customers are very friendly. I know it seems weird to love a chain bar in Vegas with all the choices but I love this place.
For this corporate chain, I'll just make some quick hard hitting facts of some of the things that stood out to me at this specific B-Dubs!

My colleagues and I were quickly seated. The layout of the restaurant is nice and spacious with numerous large TVs lining the walls. The servers and bartenders are extremely friendly. They offer electronic trivia. When I asked for an extra side of sauce to go with my boneless wings they complied without charging me. They did however mess up my coworkers 'well-done wings' order, quickly fixed the mistake and comped his meal. If you are a Sriracha fan, they have a new wing sauce you can try dubbed 'Sizzling Sriracha!'

Lastly, they offer two weekly specials: Wing Tuesdays(discounted regular wings) and Boneless Wing Thursdays(60 cent boneless wings).

List of Sauces and Seasonings for your perusing pleasure in descending order of spiciness:
Salt & Vinegar Seasoning
Sweet BBQ
Lemon Pepper Seasoning
Teriyaki
Mild
Parmesan Garlic (*MY FAVORITE!*)
Chipotle BBQ Seasoning
Medium
Honey BBQ
Buffalo Seasoning
Spicy Garlic
Jammin' Jalapeno
Sriracha Sizzle (Limited Time Only)
Asian Zing
Desert Heat Seasoning
Caribbean Jerk
Thai Curry
Hot BBQ
Hot
Mango Habanero
Wild
Blazin'
WooHoo for 60cent wings on Tuesdays!
I've been finding myself at this B-dubs often for their bone-in wings. Wings are the same at different locations around town, but this place has awesome customer service. Not too crowded during the hours between lunch and dinner, and Waiters/Waitresses make sure your needs are met all the time. They make sure each visit is a positive experience- couldn't ask for more.
Be adventurous and try the deep fried pickles - I love 'em!
I've always been a fan of BWW's.  I love traditional wings and I always like to switch it up with different sauces. Most of them are great medium, spicy garlic, Asian zing, honey BBQ,  I've even had them mix sauces.  You can't go wrong with Buffalo Wild Wings.  It's quick and easy to get to-go orders also.
I was at BWs i thought the bartender Mike was so rude to me， when he brought the wings to us ，it was cold，when i confronted him about it，he acted like he didnt care！ he gave me a dirty look， l went to BWs many year， this is the first time i was treated it this way， i wont go back to this location，
This place is awesome. 
I came there already 8 times 
Great experience. 
The only issue it's , more then 15 min whiting for the food...
When I don't know what to eat, I ask myself if it's Tuesday.
No? Think of a place to eat.
Yes? GO TO BUFFALO WILD WINGS

People here think my friends and I are crazy because it is not uncommon for us to order well over 100 wings to share.

I absolutely love their parmesan garlic sauce on traditional wings. Desert heat, honey bbq, and chipotle bbq are all solid choices as well. The servers are very friendly and attentive. I've come here with small and large parties and have usually gotten great service.

It may just be me, but I HATE their boneless wings, which is what is holding back the last star. They are overly breaded, dry, and have very little sauce on them. I honestly only come here on Tuesdays for their traditional special.
I've on been to BWW a handful of times, but I definitely love it. The wings are always delicious. I don't like spicy at all, so teriyaki and sweet BBQ are my go-tos. I also love the hog wild fries! Cheese, bacon and a sauce on fries? Delicious!
I usually come here on Tuesdays when they have their special on $0.60 wings! Each wing (bone in) is 60 cents on Tuesdays. I always get Parmesan garlic and chipotle BBQ. Sometimes I get Thai curry and mild. Occasionally I also get their seasoned fries with either chipotle BBQ seasoning or a side of Parmesan garlic sauce. 

BWW is a great place to hang out with friends, watch games, and eat great food!
Went here to watch the Heat game last night and it was surprisingly empty- there was maybe 10 other people in the whole place- I don't know if this location is struggling or what but I assumed we would have to wait for 45 minutes to get a table during play off games. 

Now, I have been to Bw3 before, so I knew what I was getting myself into: mediocre but cheap food and wings, but a million TVs/cheap drinks. If that tradeoff doesn't seem like what you are looking for you probably want to go elsewhere. 

I will say that the TV situation was a little out of control. 90% of the TV's were showing hockey (bleh) or baseball (boring) which I didn't even know were still sports. The sound was also on the hockey play by play which is super interesting except the exact opposite. 

The service was good- drink refills were brought in a timely fashion.
Good shit. Good all around service. The food was prompt and the beer was ice cold.  Fuck it don't need much more. Plus is happy hour till 6am. So can't complain.
I had a very pleasant time at this BWW location with my friends. We were a fairly large party with 10 people and the employees did their best to seat us all together since it was a little packed due to an NBA playoff game. When they seated us, we had an awesome server named Josh. He was super friendly and helped us all throughout the night, taking good care of us. The food always takes a while to come out of here, due to it needing to be fried, tossed, etc, but he let us know and of course we were ok with it. The wings came out fresh and amazing, like always. They had all of the best games going on their TVs and it was all good, no complaints.
I was to this outlet many years ago and was somewhat disappointed to be eating out of a paper lined, plastic basket.  My friends Amelinda L. clued me into their boneless wings Thursday special and I decided to do take out last night.  Boneless wings are $.60 each on Thursdays.

It's only about 3 miles, so it's not a drive for me to go here.  I din't order online or phone my order in.  When I got there, the young woman at the register walked me through the process and answered my questions.  A minimum of 4 wings per flavor must be ordered.  I ended up getting 6 spicy garlic for my wife and 6 of the classic hot for myself.  I also ordered a basket of fries which she assured me was great for two people sharing.  She was correct!

The cashier told me it would be 10 to 15 minutes.  I started to play Angry Birds and before I could swear twice, the order was ready.  It was probably 5 minutes maximum.  I brought the order home and we dug in.  I was so hungry that I forgot to take a photo of the food.  Next time.

The wings were very good and the sauces were just right.  There was a nice bite to my lips from the hot sauce.  The fries ameliorated that heat a bit and I had a nice mug of iced tea at hand.

I am a fan and I think I'll come back here on a Thursday again.  For less than $14, dinner for 2.  Not bad at all.  And tasty dinner for two.  And, I didn't have to cook!

Amelinda L, thanks once again!
Wing Galore!

I'll make this a quick review as the name really speaks for itself. I've been coming here with friends for quite a while. 

The menu is pretty extensive with plenty of wings to choose from. It also has salads for the non wing eaters and my new favorite Pizza Pockets that ain't to bad.

This business nearly splits in three different sections. 
1) a sit down booth and tables area, where they have a few large TVs. Mostly for the family. 
2) A massive wet bar where you have poker machines with high tops tables surrounding. massive TVs are placed all around the bar so you won't be able to miss a game
3) An entertainment room for birthday parties etc. This room also is used for alot of fantasy football and baseball fantasy leagues to draft from. They can supply you a tv for your use.

BWW is great, the service and food is also at a high standard and it has been very rare that something has gone astray here.

Also on big game days like Super Bowl etc it's gonna be packed. There is always some special on wings and beer. For sure a place to visit.

Overall
Food: 4-5
Drink: 4-5
Service: 4-5
Coming back: yes
J.D. Was our server & he gave great great service. He should be working in fine dining! Very polite & friendly. BWW is a very fast paced casual restaurant so I don't ever expect service to be top notch. It def was tonight. & it was the basketball finals!
I don't want to tell you how great this place is or else you'll take my luck! 24/7 delicious wings and gambling? Yes, please! Ask Mike for his favorite mix on wing flavor. It's so good ;) plus, tues it's wings for 0.60 cents ;) love you guys!!!
I've been too quite a few Bdub locations in Vegas and just came here for the last UFC fight. Gotta say that this was by far the best location we've been too. How is it possible for your food to taste better at one location and not have the same consistency as the others? This is going to be our new Bdub spot from here on out. I believe it's limited time but the Wasabi Wings are awesome. If you like wasabi it's a must try.
This has to be the best late night happy hour in all of Las Vegas. I love going here after I get off of a long shift at work for $3 Absolute cocktails. They have a great beer selection if that is your thing & the staff is very sweet. 

The late night food options on the Happy Hour menu are decent. It certainly is not 5-stars but it fixes the munchies. I usually stick a buck or two in the machines and have a fun time. Its a great place to go with friends because everyone can afford a $10 tab!
Food always consistent. Service always excellent. Great place to take the family during sporting events.  My kids love to play the interactive trivia and tabletop computer games. Management always attentive and eager to please.
This is my favorite chain restaurant of all time.

This particular BWW just opened up in the area known as the South Strip.  It's on Las Vegas Boulevard, about 4 or 5 miles south of Mandalay Bay, in the same mega-shopping complex as a woefully outdated outlet mall.

The reason to come to BWW is (of course) the chicken wings.  I almost always get the boneless teriyaki, but you can get traditional wings too in more than a dozen different types of sauces, ranging from mild to dangerous.  BWW is more than just wings.  It has an unbelievable menu.  You can get a typical burger, pulled pork or grilled chicken sandwich.  There's also an awesome selection of appetizers.  Cheeseburger dippers, mini quesadillas, and my personal favorite mini corn dogs (with honey bbq sauce) are just some of the highlights.  Maybe my only gripe is that BWW does not serve traditional fries.  The only option are these things called Buffalo Chips, which are round fries about the size of nickels.  And of course, there's a good selection of beer.

BWW is the ultimate place to get together with friends, watch the game and gorge yourself on food.  This location in particular has tv's everywhere, ranging from massive to small, many of them high-def.  To top it off it has the trivia game to pass the time between games and waiting for your food.  The restaurant is split up, with the main dining area in front.  A huge wall separates it from the bar area in the back, where people can smoke.  I can't recommend BWW strong enough to have a good time.  The location near the Galleria Mall in Henderson is also very fun.
I hate to bring B-Wild down a notch since I formerly owned shares of the company and I totally bought into the hype.

However, I have to say that I was really disappointed.  I place B-Wild in competition with places like TGI Fridays, Chili's and BJ's.  In particular, as a fan of Chili's, I felt like this place should wow me beyond any particular experience at Chili's.  Chili's is decent, but it is a heartless chain... B-Wild is supposed to be the happy, super cool bar and grill that is a chain but gives the Mom and Pop type experience.

First issue was the seating.  I felt as if there were not enough boothes and too many standalone tables.  Perhaps it was a layout issue or even a fire issue, but I think a bar and grill should just have a ton of boothes.  It is more comfortable for beer and wings.

Secondly, the food was just not really up to snuff.  The fries sort of soggie and a little bit cold.  It is a real problem when you are serving shoe-string fries.  The wing sauces were fine (spicy garlic and Asian... actually the Asian one was really good), but I thought the the wings were a little on the tiny side.  Plus, $12.49 for 18 would be okay if the wings were a little bit bigger.  It just did not look impressive sitting in a couple of fry trays either.  The burger meat was okay, but I didn't have the option to have the meat medium and it was a little burnt.  I know I ordered cajun style, but come on!  The buns were good, but were cold.

Finally, the service needed a little work.  The food took a long while to come out (might explain the cold fries).  Then some things were forgotten like the side of blue cheese for the wings and my salad.  Finally, I know that it was kind of slow, but servers were standing around talking to eachother rather than watching the tables.

Maybe it was just an off day... maybe it is better on a game day... maybe I should have had a pitcher of beer...!

I suppose that one should not be so picky about a bar and grill, but I really like the concept and appreciate the corporate management of the company.  So, I hope that they can make some improvements if the issue is systematic.  If it is just this one place, then I hope the manager regulates this location better.
Asian Zing...... enough said. Order it and enjoy!
This particular Buffalo Wild Wings has really great service:  attentive, on time, conversational.  I didn't finish with one glass of iced tea before another was brought by the waitress.  The only thing that distinguishes chain restaurants from their peers is the service, and this BWW has really great service.  Tasty food, great assortment of beverages, and more large screen televisions and those competitive trivia games. But lots of places have stuff like that.  This place has great service!
Any Buffalo Wild Wing joint is my first choice by far. When my husband and I head back to Las Vegas this is the first stop we make before headed home. I'm so happy they opened one South of the Strip. Beats Wing Stop by FAR! Sorry :) What I recommend: Parmesan Garlic, Asian Zing, and Carribean Jerk flavors... Don't forget your basket of wedges and stuffed mushrooms to go along with your tall glass of FAT TIRE.
Oh yeah....THIS is what you call some good ass chicken wings.  I'm not normally a chicken wing person, but I can eat a dozen of these crispy little suckers.  AND, their potato wedges are so good.  They're the perfect size, just enough crispiness, and perfectly seasoned.  mm mm good.

What I like to do is get the wings dry, and get my sauces on the side.  They have like 20 different sauces, and all presented on the menu on an increasing spicy scale.  LOVE IT.  I loooove the parmesan garlic, asian zing, and the WILD.  Go on Tuesdays, and the wings are 45 cents each.  

Definitely a place to stop by even when staying on the strip.
I LOVE WNGS! Well at least Buffalo WIld Wings. Went there and tried 5 different sauces (they have like 12 ranging from sweet to hot) and 10 wings of each sauce....so do the math.... 8, 15....carry the 2..... 50 WINGS! it was good. What's nice is that you can choose any # of sauces so's long as you order more than 6. 

They also have TV trivia and other games that you can play while you wait. I'm # 702 in the nation for triviia. 

The service is really good and they're quite the characters. 

Other pluses.... friendly atmosphere and open 24/7. 

Ample parking and lots of spots. 

Other than that, wings (plus on Wednesdays it's 50 cents per wing so instead of 32.99, I paid $25 well $20, a friend of mine paid me $5 to finish them) 

So enjoy! And let me know if you beat 50 wings, I DARE YA!
WIld wings are good, great  atmosphere for afterhour hang out. Good selection of beer and great wings as well.
We took a cheap cab ride to Buffalo Wild Wings or B-Dubs as the locals call it.. It is kind of far from The Strip and not worth walking to unless you are that bored.  The great thing about B-Dubs are the sauces!  They have about 20 different flavors!  We ordered 24 Boneless Wings in Spicy Garlic and Medium Hot, Buffalo Chips, Fried Garlic Shrooms and some Fat Tires to drink.  It was waaaay too much food for two drunk people!  My favorite thing that we ordered were the Buffalo Chips!  They are not crispy but more like fries cut into little pieces of chip-like heaven.  Our bartender was really nice and made some great suggestions.  She was also from the Yay Area!  Our meal was really cheap too!  Another reason to hit up B-Dubs on your next trip to Vegas!
I was really impressed with Buffalo Wild Wings!  I love that they have the challenge where your food is free if you eat 6 of their hottest wings in 12 minutes (Blazin').  My boyfriend tried their hottest wings (not the challenge) but said it wasn't as hot or as good as Atomic from Wingstop.  I'm in love with Lemon Peppered Wings and Buffalo Wild Wings didn't have it =(  However, they have a wide selection of other flavors ranging from sweet to hot.  I'm not a fan of sweet wings so I ordered 12 wings, half Spicy Garlic and half Medium.  I also tried my friend's parmesan garlic and enjoyed it as well.

Besides wings, I also wanted to try their nachos, onion rings, and sandwiches.  I was told that their onion rings are nothing out of the ordinary so I refrained.  I decided I'd try the nachos and sandwiches next time I visit, which probably won't be anytime soon because there aren't any near Sacramento or San Diego =(

They have special deals for lunch and good happy hour deals as well, although I don't remember exact times.

I love, love that they have the trivia game where you can play against your friends or other people dining at the same time!  It's so entertaining!

I also love that they're able to split the check so that each person's order is separated and includes tax so that each person knows exactly how much to pay!

3 stars for the wings, another star for everything else!
The best chicken wings however you want it but my ultimate favorite is Asian Zing and Mango Habanero, the spicy, sweet, salty and tangy taste of the sauce  covering a crispy chicken wing doest it all...  I can survive eating it all day and all night long since they are open 24 hrs.  And specially Tuesdays is their chicken wings day that gives a great deal even more!!!
This review is mainly in regards to their Fantasy Football Draft promo.

Last year ('08 season) one of my fantasy football leagues saw an ad for hosting your draft party here, so we thought we would give it a try. It was pretty cool...we booked a date and time several weeks in advance and when we arrived they had a nice private table set up for us. We also got a great draft kit that included a board (we were able to hang it up on the wall) and color coded player stickers that were bright and visible for all at the table to see. We also got gift certificates for future visits and a discount on the bill. We had such a good experience that there was no question that we would be back for our draft in '09.

So, this year I called three weeks prior to make our reservation. The guy manager that I spoke to was pleasant and helpful on the phone. I even had to call a couple of days later to change to date (same guy, very accommodating). On the day of our draft, very different story. I showed up early and noticed that a table was not set up for us. I inquired at the bar and the bartender just pointed to a high-top for us to sit at. This would not do, especially since we need a quieter area for the 12 of us to hear each other and wall space to hang our board. I started to wander over to the table we had last year and as a server walked by I asked for the manager. I waited, and waited, and still no manager, so my friends and I pushed tables together ourselves and sat down. Finally the manager arrived..she was very unwelcoming and told us we had to sit in the bar because she only had one bartender on and no server that could serve us. I explained to her that we wanted to sit here, that we had been here last year (same time at night) and it was an ideal setup, and that one of our players wasn't even 21 and able to sit in the bar. She was very rude and gave in to us sitting there eventually, but not without threatening us with the police!! Oh, yeah, we are in the dining/restaurant part of the place because like I said one of our guys is 20, and she's telling us that there is a curfew on the strip (mind you, we are no where near the resort corridor) and if the police come in, its not her problem. Then she went on to say that all the servers were leaving...we said "fine" and that we would just walk to the bar to order food and drinks. In the end we spent a lot less money because it was difficult to keep getting up in the middle of all our action to get more beer and food. No discount either. One other thing, another fantasy football team was there that same night and didn't seem to like being told they had to sit in the loud bar area either...they eventually moved all of their stuff in the dining/restaurant part too.

So...I am also in another fantasy league. For the last four years, this league has always done its draft at Hard Rock Cafe. This year, based on my experience from '08 I convinced them to have the draft and BWW. After the experience with my first draft of '09 I called the day before to reconfirm the reservation and to make sure that the table we wanted would be available. Of course, the manage (the guy) didn't have our reservation. What!! We made it three weeks prior!! good thing I called. Again, I got there early (eager to make sure everything was going to go well especially after I got everyone to break from our HR Cafe tradition). We did get the table we wanted and we were even going to get service this time! woo hoo! Lots more drinking and food this time! Just as everyone shows up the manager (a manager, not the lady from the previous draft) informed us that they had no more draft kits! Really!! Are you kidding me!! We booked three weeks ago and I had even confirmed with the day manager who said nothing about not having any draft kits!!! I was so embarrassed and pissed off. I really thought my team was going to have a good experience and want to come back year after year. I guess we are just going to have to go back to HR Cafe or I hear Hooters has draft parties?? BOO WILD WINGS!!!

P.S. I spent the first 25 years of my life in Buffalo....your wings are NOT real buffalo wings!!!

P.P.S One star for the potato wedges with cheese and the really nice, attentive server we had the second draft of '09.
2.5 stars.  For those of you that have had the opportunity to have Buffs Wings in Newton, it was hard to think it was fantastic compared to Buffs.  The price was reasonable and we ordered two flavors, medium and Honey BBQ.  Medium was not as hot as I expected.  Honey BBQ was not bad.  It actually tasted sweeter if I had a buffalo first and then a honey bbq.  Not sure why but it worked.  The fries were good and crispy.  The sauce was too much and the wings themselves were not a little bit crispy.  It doesn't taste like it was ever fried.  The skin was kind of soggy and greasy.  

The server was very nice though and she was just attentive enough.  

If you're at the Outlet Mall, there is a ton of food options inside the mall.  I think I would have been more satisfied with maybe panda express' orange chicken.
I just stopped in to pickup my FREE slice of Birthday Cake for being an E-Club member.

Very cool place with GIANT screen Tv and HOT chicks-my kinda place!

The cake was sooooo rich & sweet  my teeth are still hurting a day later!! And I didn't make it to bed til 1am!! 

There may be a little bit of sugar used in the recipe.It's layered cake with choclate chips & syrup in between layers!! Yeah I know your jealous!!

Happy Birthday to me indeed! I'll have to come back for some football, wings & beer!! Looks like a fun spot
I've never heard of this chain, probably because we don't have any in San Diego, but I thoroughly enjoyed my food there. We got 50 wings, half Honey BBQ the other half was Spicy Garlic - both flavors were delicious. I like all the different choices of sauce you have for the wings. I also ordered the Buffalo Chips which we're also quite tasty. I also inhaled a cheesecake with raspberry sauce.

The beer was cheap, the service was great. Great atmosphere to watch games and sporting events. Lots of screens.  We were there on a Saturday and the college football crowd was in full effect.

I'll definitely venture up to Burbank to check out the location there.
Great drinks! Great food! Great wings! Never really liked wings till I ate here...

Its all about Spicy Garlic wings with blue cheese!!! 
And the nachos are the sheit too!

Open 24 hours so its a great after work spot
Honestly the always overpriced and over rated wing place. The only thing good about this place really is the beer. Every time I meet up with an old coworker friend of mine here it is mainly to tear up the tap, not the wings. Trust me, If the wings come later it's an afterthought. The wings seem to get smaller every time I eat here. Service is just average. They really need to step things up here. Wingstop would be the way to go if you are craving Wings.
Mango Habanero was on hit, but service sucked ass!  A bunch of workers standing around and empty tables, yet it took forever for us to get seated, orders taken, refills, food, and our bill!

They are open 24 hours though!  I'll give them another try the next time I'm in Vegas.
Decent food, but the service is needlessly slow in the dining room. Wings are passable, not really big. Fans of the New England style "Wings Over" chain or Anchor Bar will be dissatisfied.  Good selection of sauces, but the hot brings only heat, no real spice flavor.
i stopped by here on my way into Vegas. I went a little shopping first at the outlet and it made me hungry. We saw this place on the way in so i decided to eat here. There's a BWW close to where i live, but i have not been to it yet. So this was my first time at Buffalo Wild Wings. I have seen the commercials about the customers not wanting to leaving and talking to the referee about extending the game. I did not think it was that great that i wanted to stay longer there. I know it's a commercial, but i would call it false advertising. lol. 

So it was a Tuesday and apparently they have cheap wings on this day. You can go with one sauce or with multiple. The minimum per sauce was 3 so i got 5 Hot BBQ, 5 mild, and 5 Honey BBQ. I didn't want to fill myself up too much because there are so many places to eat in Vegas. My friend got the hot mango one and it was pretty spicy and left the lips burning a little bit. But it had good flavor so it was worth the burn the second time. 

The service was alright...except she forgot 5 of my friend's wings. lol. I guess our order was too confusing or something. It took a while though to get my change from the bill.... but they were a little busy so it was understandable. I do not like to hate on restaurants. Usually there is a good excuse to why something is not going your way. 

This is a good place to watch a sports game on TV though. Especially if there are multiple sports going on at the same time because there are so many TV's on every wall.
Lots of TVs.  Every seat in the place you can view a TV. The food is very good.  I am from CA so, I visit this place whenever I am in town.
Overall the Buffalo WW hype is true if you are not going to the S. Las Vegas Location. The wings are great and the service is awesome at all of the other locations except this one.  If you are into hanging out at a table thirsty, hungry, and receiving no service than this is the place for you to go. Hello Management you have the worst location in town, and if you feel the traffic from the strip will keep you on the up and up I think i would rather go buy an overpriced basket of wings at ESPN Zone. Buffalo WW is a A+ your specific Location D.
Very spacious Buffalo's location on the strip next to the Outlet shopping center.  This location has the usual projection screens found at all Buffalo's, however, the seating is spaced perfect for football sunday.

The usual on the food; wings, wings, and more wings.  They offer an extensive menu, but I find most of their food doesn't hit home like their wings.  Service is the usual for a bar that offers bar food; good not great.  

Buffalo's gets the job done!
5 stars for the food, -1 star for the service, the wings are great but on a Friday night no credit or debit cards?! They made us go to the ATM, get charged for service fees and service was still VERY slow, I mean with chicken wings and beer how  could you possibly give bad service you ask? By not bringing me another beer and having a table full of empty glasses...,womp womp womp! *the boneless spicy garlic with a side of bleu cheese are my fave though!
Buffalo WIld Wings is one of my simple pleasures.  The food is simple yet good.  I ordered 8 boneless wings as usual.  This time with the parmesan garilc suace.  It is my favorite sauce without heat.  I also ordered buffalo chips with cheese and cajun.  As usual they were quite tasty.

We had a large group and our server did a very good job keeping up with us.

The endless supply of televisions gave us several sports options.
I was craving for some chicken wings so I searched on Yelp and the closest place I found was here. So I went there at 1:30am and found the best deal I've seen by far! 45 cent PER wing! My eyes bugged when I saw how great the deal was. 16 wings for $7.89!!! Now that, my friends, is a place you'll never want to miss out if you're looking for cheap but good buffalo wings. Plus they open for 24 hours. Though the dine area is closed during late night hours, you can still chill in the bar area. Nothing beats beer, sports on 70 inch HDTV, and of course, buffalo wings right?
I was a little miffed that after putting in, and playing $20, at the bar last night that there was absolutely no reciprocality on my bar tab. 

Service was fast enough. Wings were good.
Just had diner here and overall.... it was exactly what I expected. Lots of wings with a variety of flavors to choose from. Service was decent but did not blow me away and food was tasty... However, the prices of beer seemed a little higher then normal, or what I would have expected. 

I guess we can't have it all can we.
Been to B Dubs before but never this one. Went to watch the NFL Draft last Thursday. Sat at the bar with a friend and had a couple beers and some boneless wings (honey bbq) and fries. We were there for 3 hours and the staff was very friendly and the bartender didn't pressure us to get more stuff like some places will if you're there too long. The bar area had all the major games on and the draft. They had the volume on for the draft and there were a few others in there watching as well. 

Amazing that I called a number of so called "NFL Team bars" around town and none were doing any specials or events for the draft. Sad. Two of the places I called the girl that answered didn't even know what I was talking about when I asked if they were showing the draft. At least BWW had something going on. They get bonus points for that. 

Otherwise wings were delicious as always and service was good.
Mango habanero sauce was the business! Watched the NFL draft & Cavs/Bulls game here while visiting Vegas [again]. It wasn't crowded at all, our server was great.

I really wish they'd open one in San Diego; it would fare very well considering we love sports bars out here.
THEY HAVE A FOOD CHALLENGE HERE!

12 Blazzin' Hot Wings 
6 Minutes to Finish them
No Drinks
No Sauces
No Napkins.....

Eternal Greatness...... 
(In the form of a sweet shirt, check out the pic!)

on top of the rest of the goodness, great wings, great selection of beer, great staff..... I love this place.....

So if you think you can handle the HOTTEST OF THE HOT, then come here and order their Wing Challenge!!!

(note: the heat comes from the temperature of the wings, and the 20 minutes after.... order a side of celery for the aftermath cause that shitz is HOT!)

Enjoy!
Oh man I have a mixed review. We came here for game 6 of Lakers vs Suns.  It's cool that there's lots of big tv's showing all sports. The vibe is cool, loud n fun. We sat at the bar and the bartenders r cool and nice. But daym...I'm starving!! 

We ordered our wings during the first quarter and now we are on the fourth quarter and nothing. The food didn't come and the bartender checked with the waitress three times. But every time the bartender asked the waitress, the waitress shook her head, I dont know if that meant no, she hasn't checked it or no, it's not ready. What?don't they have tons of wings back there? Like thousands and they can't find 25 pcs of wings for us? Ridiculoid!! We ended up cancelling our order during the last 5 minutes of the 4th quarter. What chaps my hide is there is no empathy and although we spent lots on beer, there was no "hey sorry for the missing wings order, here's a glass of beer on us". Nothing for our miserable wait...nada.

Everyone else gettin their wings except for us. Man, we also had slow slow service in the Torrance location, 1hour wait for 25 pcs. And here too? Im trying to give BWW a chance but it can't redeem itself. It would have been nice to be munching on some wings with the beers but whatever. Never again.

We are so hungry that we are going next door to Cane's...that actually is great which I will post in another review.
Do I dare say it? Yes, yes I do...I think I like this place better than Wing Stop. Too bad the nearest location in my area is about an hour drive away. Gah! Anyway, here's what my friend and I had:

Southwest Dippers - These li'l things had a mighty tasty filling of pepper jack cheese, tomato, onion, jalapeno, corn and black beans. The ranch dip balanced the heat level nicely.

Traditional Spicy Garlic Wings - For some strange reason, the spicy part overpowered the garlic. I was only able to manage two of these. Yes, I'll admit I can be a weakling at times when it comes to spicy things, aite?!

Traditional Honey BBQ Wings - Although I have yet to try all of the other flavors, I think this one is the best. I'm more than likely to order this again the next time I come around here. Best believe there will be a next time. 

We also ordered some Traditional Mild Wings to go for our friends back at the hotel. They even tried our leftovers and said that everything was good. BWW has earned itself some new fans!
Great wings and sauce, and good service.    Very sports friendly.
Quick update for one of my favorite BW3's locations in town.  The whole naked tenders menu option is a new one being I'm no longer a buffalo's regular.  I love the idea of naked tenders but for the money, I think el pollo loco is a better deal.  I know what everyone is think "It's the sauce that makes bw3's bro".

No bro...... the sauce is of no use if you haven't got any chicken after two bites.  The service is under par even at a slow bar and overall you expect a little more from such a popular chain.... whoops.... chain; guess I forgot about that.
Great food. Football on big screens.  Nice staff. Go check it out.
Service: our server was flustered with too many tables and we felt like a burden when we asked her for a refill of celery sticks.


mango-spicy: very spicy and good
garlic asian: not as spicy
jerk chicken: not spicy at all!!

Overall very good buffalo wings, though they could just throw in more celery sticks.

2X celery refills =$1.20 seriously???

Beware. You will get charged for extra celery sticks even though a stalk of celery is less than a buck each.
Love the atmosphere here on game day!  The kids love to play trivia.  We love the Chili Con Queso Dip.  I order the same thing each time... The Chicken Tender Salad with Honey BBQ and Ranch.  It has fresh crisp lettuce, red onions, tomatoes, seasoned croutons, and their delicious chicken tenders tossed in any sauce you desire, plus dressing.  Yum!
I prefer this location over any other; the service is great, the food arrived quickly, and they don't skimp you on the wing sauce!
Well, we visit this place twice during a 6 day trip to Vegas. Sports bar atmosphere to the hilt! Probably the largest number of spices & sauces combinations you can have your wings or tenders cooked to order. Very reasonable. This place would absolutely kill Hooter's, Wing Stop, and Wings N Things back in San Diego. I know many of you would still go to Hooter's, but lets be honest, it isn't for the wings... :D If good chicken wings are what you're really after, give this place a try!
Alright so for a chain hot wing restaurant I don't expect much more... they offer a large of variety of wing sauce flavors and temperatures. Which I think is pretty darn good! The chicken is what you can expect from any large restaurant chain. It's a fun place to go with a group of friends order a bunch of beer and wings, what more do you want. The beer selection and service is typically not all that bad either, when in need of hot wings and I nothing else that is local or regional comes highly recommended I will typically default to the Buffalo Wild Wings! Try the Blazin' Challenge if you dare...the staff is so much fun and all I can say is "Oh you think you fancy!"
Is Blazin' really as hot as it gets here? I don't know if I've developed some iron palate or whether it's the suits at corporate telling them that anything spicier will scare off the middle America fanny packer crowd. But that's their hottest sauce, and while it's got a robust flavor, it just doesn't come anywhere near the kind of heat I crave as the kind of capsaicin addict who's not satisfied until... well, the less said about that the better.

My point is, if you're going to be a wing place, give people a chance to really challenge their taste buds. I think even Hooters' 3 Mile Island is hotter.

That being said, I also love the Caribbean Jerk sauce even though it's barely hot at all - it's not supposed to be. The Spicy Garlic is more vinegar-based, tangy in such a way that sometimes seems more aggressive than the Blazin'. As for the Asian Zing? I didn't think it had much zing at all, it just tasted sweet. I was hoping for more soy/sesame based but I think it's more sweet & sour. Pass. Mango Habanero: could taste lots of mango, barely any habanero. Alsop ass.

The "buffalo chips" suffer from the same starchy, wan fate as your average steak fry.

BWW gains points for being open 24/7/365, which is nothing notable in this town until you consider that it's a buffalo wing place, and for having a staff that's always friendly. They also offer free wi-fi.

I go here all the time because it's close and convenient moreso than because it's great. But it's good enough. Probably more like 3.5 stars, but of course Yelp doesn't give that option.
This is where I come when I'm craving cold beer and flaming hot wings. 

I just can't seem to resist Buffalo wings and every time I come here, I order the mango habanero wings. I can barely stand the heat, but the flavors are out of control yum. They're my favorite. 

I try to come when they have their weekly specials, but I honestly don't come half as often as I'm tempted to. 

This location is open 24 hours, which is pretty bad a$$!  

Bring on the heat.
This is right next to my work, but I didn't realize how busy they get in the afternoons.  Nonetheless... awesome place and great wings !

Ordered:
* 12 piece wings w/ fries basket, ranch for dip, and ice water.
** (Parmesan Garlic / Spicy Garlic)

Pros-  
* Super quick service... even during the busy hours.  I sat at the bar.
* Huge projection screens with a variety of things playing (sports, news, etc.)
* Friendly staff

Cons-
* Lamp was bad on one of the projectors, thus creating a problem w/ image quality.

Tips-
* Try their Parmesan Garlic... It's my favorite!!
* They have a lunch special menu and Tuesdays is wing day!!
* Juke Box available in the back if you wanna play DJ.

Not much to say when it comes to cons.  I'm definitely a fan!  I picked up a menu, so now I can order for my lunch !!
PROS:
-lively atmosphere
-$0.49 wings on Tuesdays
-free refills
-great tasting wings

CONS:
-service can be slow when they're busy, our waiter ignored us several times when she walked right by us

not a lot of cons for this place to be honest, I am a fan of this place now. But since I'm trying to choose healthier places to eat and eating home cooked meals, you won't see me here every week. But I highly recommend trying out this place, particularly when it's not during lunch or dinner rush so that your service is quicker and your waiter will be more attentive.
What's there to say about the wings and the beer? Tasty and delicious as always! The only reason why I gave three stars is because of the service. This location could definitely work on service that deals better with being under pressure, heavy restaurant flow, and overall courtesy. Tiffany the bartender is amazing, but other than that a lot of the waitresses/bartenders seem like they don't want to be wasting their time here. While the service doesn't bother me [too] much, it's definitely the BWW in town to visit if you're out for a late night craving.
The one in Yuma, AZ was better. I had honey BBQ wings for appetizer, which were OK at best. For dinner had black and bleu burger. Didnt read menu close enuff, I guess. For $9 I got a "slider" with bleu cheese dressing squirted on it. The bun was tastey...more of a dinner roll, actually. The burger was disgusting....like it was baked or microwaved or somthing. Service was friendly but slow. Took them 5 minutes to make a gin/tonic while at 40% capacity. The only thing that will drag me back into one of these restaurants is a mandatory work function. A shame since I really wanted to like this place.
DANGER DANGER WILL ROBINSON! Buffalo Wild Wings does $9.99 all you can eat traditional and $10.99 boneless wings on Mondays-Fridays from 11-2. Not only do you get wings, but you also get the choice of fries, wedges, or buffalo chips. For an additional dollar, you can upgrade to onion rings.

Waking up to a text from Kristina D. at 9:30am about this magnificent deal, I jumped at the chance. After doing the math and feeling the gastrointestinal ramifications; come here on Monday, Wednesday, or Friday for the deal. On Tuesday, you can eat 20 wings for about the same price. If you can't eat that many, just do the $0.49 special. I know that AYCE includes a side, but they are just filler to distract you.

Even though the place was packed, the service is still as efficient as it normally is. They are quick with the delivery of wings and the refills on drinks are consistent.
In comparison to like minded and styled sports bars and chicken wing joints BDubs is supreme.  Aside from the wings the fried mushrooms are delicious but the southwestern dippers are nothing to sneer at.
**********Found a 24 hour buffalo wild wings!**********

The place is all tinted up for whatever reason maybe to keep out the sun however its open at yes 4 am in the morning when we came back from clubbing. It's probably the smallest bww I've been to.

When you walk into buffalo wild wings you expect to smell the aroma of  many different spiced wings, however here our nostrils was met with a strong foul odor known as the sewage pipe. It reeked throughout the restaurant, they used a fan to blow out the smell out the back door. 

Anyhow after that stinky issue we order our wings. I must say the wings here they don't go cheap on the sauce! Usually the Mango Habanero is not as hot but the Sauce here gave my lips/tongue a burning sensation. 

So for those wondering if there is a 24 hour buffalo wild wings out there in Vegas. Well here it is!
Nice sports bar
Can you say over rated? Buffalo Wild Wings is lucky that I love chicken wings other wise this place wouldn't even sniff a 3 star rating. Why you ask? Well for one thing their wings were tiny tiny tiny. For the price we paid just doesn't cut it for how far this place is from my sisters house, just doesn't cut it. I know we got a Buffalo Wild Wings place back in the Bay Area but it's about 20-30 minutes away, but after this experience with wings, I probably won't be coming to any Buffalo Wild Wings, unless I really had no choice.

The sauces here was bad! I'll be quite honest here, I am use to Wing Stop Wings a sauces but by no means am I comparing how they make their wings here to Wing Stops. I have enough wing experience to know that BWW didn't look to appealing. For one thing the garlic parmesan flavor just looked like throw up, but already having to buy it, I had to try it. It had a lot flavor, not that I don't like flavor, its just that it seemed like it had to much flavor, but my main question is who will like to eat something that looked like vomit sauce? Well, ya I did, but I can assure you that I wasn't pleased eating it. The other flavor that I got on my wings were the Caribbean Jerk and even that wasn't great, it had a little spice and kick but not the flavor I was hoping for. My son ordered the mini corn dogs and what it looked like he got was corn breaded vienna sausages, if my son wanted vienna sausages I could of just got a can of e'm and warmed e'm up with some rice (he probably would of enjoyed e'm better) I'm just a bit disappointed on how badly our food turned out and how not great it tasted.

I'd hate to put this place down because I LOVE chicken wings, and like I said this place would be anything lower than 3 stars without my love for chicken wings. If it wasn't for how cool how this place looked with all their sports TVs, cool little trivia games for the kids and huge obsession with chicken wings, believe me this place would get 2 stars.

P.S. Please Buffalo Wild Wings, upp your game up and stop serving those dinky little wings that don't fill me up unless I buy 20 wings to myself and then at the end of the day you guys charging me over priced little wings. Maybe think about changing the vomit sauce, it doesn't look very appealing.
Wing Tuesdays are the way to go! They have a promotion on Tuesdays where you can get traditional wings at a discount. The wings here blow everyone else out of the water. They have a variety of flavors that cater to everyone! I really like how they have their flavors on a spicy meter so you know what level of spice you're getting yourself into.

My favs:
-Salt and Vinegar (dry rub that has a punch of flavor)
-Mango Habanero (a must try if you like spicy)
-Asian Zing (mildly spicy, but full of flavor)
-Parmesan Garlic
-Spicy Garlic

I've had a few others that were good, but these are the ones that have stood out to me.
I have never eaten in this place and decided to give it a try last night. The first thing I want to commend is the service. Well, at least the person who took our order and kept our ice water and soda flowing. 

I ordered the Mango Habanero wings and a basket of Salt and Vinegar fries. Incredible! The wings were delicious, cooked perfect and though hot very, very enjoyable. The fries actually were mixed with some lemon spice too, so they were lemon, salt and vinegar. Even though we actually ordered the spice on the side the kitchens mistake in mixing the spices made a very delicious basket of fries. Yum!!!!

I'd definitely go here again.
We were invited to a friend's surprise birthday dinner at BWW yesterday. The guest of honor and his girlfriend (the planner) were running late, and the wife and I ended up being the first people from our group. We were told to ask for our party's table, the hostess said they don't take names/reservations, and she didn't know anything about it. Turns out, the General Manager either doesn't know how to inform her employees of group reservations, or her employees just don't know how to do their jobs. After the rest of our experience, I am leaning toward incompetent employees.

Once the planner called and talked to the hostess and explained everything to her, suddenly a group table was set up. We were seated and had our drink order taken relatively quickly. That first round of drinks turned out to be the ONLY one I got. If you aren't drinking alcohol, the waitstaff does not care to check up on you. And, one of their families or close friends was a table over from us, you can guess where the service went.

I have been privy to many large group activities with menu based ordering. Intelligent staff will either section off the order or at least make notes as to where the food goes. Not sure if our order taker did that, as the staff that brought out the food would stand, literally, next to tables about 5 feet away from us and use a normal speaking voice asking us who's food was in her hands. 

If you have never been to a BWW before, they are big rooms with maybe a dozen or more TV sets playing sports. Add to that, a couple large parties in the room (one of which was having a great time laughing constantly), the room gets a bit loud. It is OK in that situation to speak up, or get closer to the table to ask where the food goes. Enunciation and speaking up are important too. Many of us could only discern partial words coming out of the server's mouth when asking about the food in her hands.

The food was OK, nothing spectacular, for us at least. The couple across from us ordered some wings (were brought the wrong type boneless vs bone-in) and one batch had such a horrific flavor she could not stand the first bite. The servers never came by to ask if the food was ok, and this girl was too polite to yell at someone to get their attention.

Our food order included some sides to dip our food in, which were never received, but still on our check. We, of course, had those taken off. The $5.00 "service charge" for our large group is a bit of a crock. Had we gotten service, the staff would have been given nice tips. Being that we were forced to pay that much, that was about $4.95 more than they deserved.

If you want a sports fan friendly place to drink over priced alcohol and eat overpriced food, BWW is a decent enough place to get raucous with your friends.

However, if you would like to get what you order, have your drinks refilled AT ALL and enjoy your visit, you may want to go elsewhere.
Oh lordy.

Now normally I LOVE BWW, this time not so much! we went in and it was semi busy, we were seated and our waitress came and took our order for drinks. My son was sick and kept telling her he didnt want anything to drink and she was like "are you sure?" then started naming all kinds of drinks. He of course said no and then finally agreed to try some cranberry juice. It arrived from the bar in a cocktail glass, which was dirty, and he tried it and said no. So she pressed on... he finally agreed to chocolate milk, which I didnt want him to have since he had strep but whatever he didnt have but 1 drink.

We ordered boneless wings, I ordered my fave mango habanero, honey bbq, and Caribbean jerk. My son ordered mac and cheese, but again he didnt eat it! My wings came out and I was not impressed at all! The wings tasted funny and the sauces were like thick and yucky. The breading on the wings was all wrong, idk what was up with them that day but I seriously couldnt eat them. My honey bbq was nasty as was the carribean jerk, so I asked for more mango habanero  and she brought me out bone in ones... ahh! I was like in my tiny voice "I'm sorry, but I wanted boneless ones : (" she looked at me and was like well do you just want these instead? No miss lady, I want boneless, pwease! It doesnt matter these tasted like shat as well!

Our waitress was super crummy, she kept talking to this one table and wouldnt come and get us water or anything. Not until the very end when we were all irritated and ready to go she asked if we needed any water or refills on wings. Ugh! Oh well, I'm nice and tipped her because thats how I roll!

Maybe it'll be better next time!
I'm the champ! Note to self, never do a spicy eating contest ever again....

In my younger invincible days, this would have been a walk in the park. Now that I'm old and my digestive juices are in second gear, this challenge was a marathon. Like all marathons, the pain and blisters set in the next day.
Came here after work yesterday morning. That's one good thing about BW3 in Vegas compared to home... 24 hours! I was the only one in there with 2 other guys. Got some naked tenders and a veggie boat to go while I caught up on Sportscenter. Honey BBQ and medium sauce are the way to go! Great spot for game watching any time.
I used to love coming to b dubs for wings when they first came to town forever ago but it seems that they have consistently been bad the last couple times I've been here. I always get the caribbean jerk sauce on my wings, but the wings taste overdone or too crispy. The app platter was very salty. My other disappointment was they advertised that they had woodchuck amber, but the waitress says "oh that menu is wrong, don't pay attention to that" uh ok, update maybe? Maybe my waistline will thank me that I'm no longer a chix wing fan.
I've gone here a couple times already. This is actually the only Buffalo Wild Wings I've ever been to so I don't have much to compare it to. Both times that I've gone, I ordered the Traditional Wing Combo with Honey BBQ sauce; Very savory, tangy, and sweet with a mild kick. The combo comes with your choice of sauce, coleslaw, and french fries. The fries are mediocre, kind of on the soggy side and the coleslaw is sub par. Now that I think of it, I should really just stick to the wings and not get the combo at all because the celery and dipping sauce is just enough. The service was pretty slow both times I've gone even though it was before noon, so I can't imagine how they deal with the later crowds of people (especially on Wing Tuesdays). 

All in all, this is a decent place to eat if you're in the plaza and don't want to pay for expensive mall food. They have specials on different days and happy hour as well. They even have free wifi, which is always a plus. 

Tips:
-Wing Tuesdays = 45 cent wings
-Boneless Thursdays = 60 cent boneless wings
-Celery, carrots, ranch, and bleu cheese are not included on Wing Tuesdays and Boneless Thursdays
-Free Wifi
-Happy Hour 5-7pm (not completely sure)
Much like many of the other BWW's It Is spacious enough, yummy eats and a FANTASTIC HAPPY HOUR. so please do make a pit-stop here on your way to the mall :)
This is my Tuesday 45 cents and Thursday 65 cent chicken wing spot. Awesome chicken. Good atmosphere. Tv. Sports. Trivia. Happy hour with $3 drinks. What more do u want?
Buzztime champ of the night, well only one round out of three. Some guy killed me the other rounds. If you do not know what that is, it is the trivia game you can play while you eat and I do it every time. At least at this BWW's they gave me a device that works! Yay! 

Also the food is usually good, however I had tried their grilled chicken sandwich and did not really care for that. Fries are always good though. We did go on wing Thursday so my friends got 3 orders of 5 different flavored wings. Got to love that. I still have not found a sauce to my liking, but I will try again soon maybe. 

The waitress was really nice at this one. She really got involved with us in a conversation about random things and it was pretty cool. She remembered the RANCH! Yes! 

Also my Peach Tea (alcoholic) was amazing. I shall be back to this one in the future only because its the closet one. I mean usually all BWW's are the same, but this was my first trip to one in Vegas and it was really the same as always. They have good drinks, wings, and fries, everything else not so great.
Just updating my review:

  I came here to enjoy their lunch specials, but ended up purchasing something that wasn't even on the menu anymore.  I noticed the menu had Fish N Chips, but no Fish Sandwich.  I asked my server if they still had the Fish Sandwich on the menu.  She said that it was taken off the menu, but they could still make me one if I was interested.  That's awesome!  It's not even on the menu anymore and I was still able to order it!    Why did I go to BWW for some fish?  Not a clue.  I didn't intend on ordering a Fish Sandwich.  Just felt like it last minute when I saw the Fish and Chips on the menu.
Went to BWW to watch the UFC fight. It was a giant cluster. They closed the restaurant and took down names for a first come, first serve seating to watch UFC. Problem was that the crowd building up to watch the fight swelled in the waiting area and poured out the front door, People were standing on top of each other waiting for a table. When they finally began trying to seat the crowd, they abandoned the list and started seating the crowd closest to the hostess stand. If and when they tried to call out a name on the list, no one could hear. It was complete caos. Very poorly handled by management and staff.
I usually love BWW but I went in and it was the worst experience I've had in a long time. The chicken was over cooked and they skimped on the sauce. The manager even called the food terrible yet did nothing about it. I would recommend going, just not to this restaurant. We also received terrible service full of excuses.
Summery: Avoid

The lady and I were hungry after doing some shopping at the nearby malls. We were trying to settle on something between food court and 200$ dinner. We normally avoid chains and this reminded us why.

Sit down at the bar, order a few drinks to get things going. They are slightly under poured... but what gets me were the garnishes. Her orange goose and soda came with the tiniest sliver of orange you have ever seen, you could see through it... my captain and coke had no limes. We didn't order from the well... at least gives us a proper pour and some proper garnishes... 1 star

First bar course is cheese sticks.. how can you mess this up? Fry it so long the cheese bursts out and inside is a hollow tube of burnt oil and crust. Yummy. The one 2oz portion cup filled half full with marinara sauce didn't really work for 6 cheese was-there-at-one-time sticks...  1 star

But before I had a chance to complain the main course arrived. 

Mine looked like a kids meal.. it was a jerk chicken sandwich...inedible. The chicken was fine, but it was ruined with a combo of bad spice and terrible sauce. The bun was a plain white grocery store style... probably came from sams club.. it wasn't what I remember bw3 being like on the east coast. I estimate the chicken served was on the smaller side oft 4oz.. I ate less than half of it. The french fry chips on the side, which were actually good, numbered in the teens. A huge rip off though when paired with a disgusting sandwich and overall portion size. 1 star

She had boneless wings which were fine, by themselves around 3 star. They had obviously been "quality checked" because one of the them was missing. -1 star... But the worst offense was being served without celery. - 1star... 
total= 1 star..

Service was terrible. I don't hold the bartender responsible for badly cooked food. But nobody asked us if we liked it. The runner auctioned food around the bar and the bartenders who took the order didn't step in to straighten things out. After our baskets sat pushed aside we felt like we were being ignored waiting for the bill.

Leaving was the best part of the meal. BWW is not the best place ever to begin with... but this location is the worst I have ever been to.
UFC 143;    Service charge of 18% added to bill; never saw that before for 'events' nights?
Free 6 wing coupon not honored by management -  Restrictions apply!
Where does it say that on the invoice used to fill out the on line survey??

Also, when the coupon will be honored?--  States to present within 14 days.
Mine was from the previous week, but manager said had to be 3 days?  HUH

Poor management and customer skills -  makes up stuff when confronted with
facts and refuses to discuss further.

Note:  the wings were not good on this visit

South Strip; Las Vegas Blvd.
Over ten open tables and they won't seat because the servers are too slow. Horrible!
D Bag hot spot. Great if you love sports on TV and a bunch of yelling men, getting drunk.
I don't, but you might!

Love the fact that you can totally customize any dish with flavor.
We went to Buffalo Wild Wing on Tuesday because of there $.50 cent special and I LOVE this place! It was somewhat already busy during lunch time but was seated rather quickly. Our service was just okay but the food was amazing. I ordered the Spicy Garlic and Hot flavor (which wasn't that hot) and they were perfect! I am definitely gonna start going to the BWW here in Honolulu and can't wait. :)
I've never been to this B-Dub's until my fiance and I were craving food while at Fry's Electronics down the street. My fiance wanted chicken strips so I pulled up BWW on my Yelp app. I'm a fan of hot wings and BWW in general. I like the atmosphere and sitting in the bar area is always a best bet for quick and friendly service typically.

We sat in the bar and we were quickly greeted by our waitress, who was talkative and nice. She asked me about my tattoo and we discussed local tattoo parlors as well. So for service I am going to say 5 stars for our waitress, but I can't remember her name.

Next is food. Normally I order either boneless wings or normal wings. It's kind of a no-brainer. I mean, you are coming to BWW. But their potato wedges are really good too. On this visit I had a cheeseburger and let me tell you why. You see, there are a lot of fancy-schmancy burger places around town that will make you a burger with different types of sauces and rubs. They'll charge you an arm and a leg for them too. At BWW you can add any wing sauce or wing rub to your burger. Maybe the burger isn't top-notch quality, BUT you are getting a very interesting burger combo for a much cheaper price than at a burger joint that will upcharge you for EVERYTHING.

I got my burger cooked with the chipotle rub and it was delicious. I also asked for a small container of the chipotle rub to sprinkle on my french fries - so good too. You also get a selection of cheeses at BWW and I tend to go with the pepperjack cheese for an extra kick. 

So, it does pay to take a look at the menu at a place even if they are well known for a certain type of food. I'm sure I'll be back for the wings eventually.
i had there normal hot wings and thought they were great. i caught the happy hour which is actually 2 hours and i was pleasently surprised. they have alot of beers on tap and the bartender was very knowledgeable. i thought the wings were a little expensive but tasted excellent. one thing i really liked was they offer wet naps with wings.
its open 24/7 !!!

chicken is a great source of protein when you're partying vegas style (all day, all night). add some awesome wing sauce - and VOILA! tasty. 

same chain, different city/location.
The only good thing about this place was my fried pickles.  The service was bad, but   I can't blame the waitress for that.  The place was full and she was the only one running around.  It took about 10-15 mins when we were sat down for anyone to ask what we wanted to drink and almost a 20-25 min wait for us to get our food. When I got my wings they were cold and dry.  More staff and the service would probably have been better.
Not bad not bad.  Lots of TV's to watch sports on.  There was a ton of people in here during lunchtime which caused our service to slow down considerably [like trying to pay and go back to work].  I got a grilled chicken salad it was good enough not the best I've ever had but it did the trick.  

I'll go back to try it again just to watch football on their huge screens!
Hey I am a huge fan of Buffalo Wild Wings... Huge Fan... However it's been a long time since I have been to the Vegas ones... So while I was in Vegas went to one of my favorite Wild Wings... The server had an attitude... But, the worst part when I went to the restroom to wash my hands... OMG the restroom was filthy... and I mean filthy... I reported it to the manager a short stocky guy... He kind of shrugged and says we have been busy.... I mean this place was beyond filthy... I mean what does their kitchen look like...
Could maybe be the worst service I've ever had at any place.   Ignored by everyone here.   Good food however.   5stars for food 1 star for service.  So B dubs gets a 3.  However if you want great service just prefer it togo and get beers from your Fridge. Cause this chick bartender won't get you a drink EVER!!!
I'm very sad to say, that this BW's did not live up to my usual standards.  The restaurant is great, lots of TVs and plenty of room.  However, the bar side needs help.  Especially with the bartending.  They were rude, slow and it took me forever to get a beer...I was playing video poker, should've had comped beers.  But, the bartender charged me.  When I asked why, he then proceeded to tell the whole bar how much I spent gambling and how that was only worth the amount of free drinks he had already comped.  Then, he stomped off muttering something about stupid corporate rules.  Unprofessional.  I love the BW's franchise restaurants, but this one needs some TLC.
My friend and I visited this location on Friday. We hadn't eaten dinner the night prior so we were really looking forward to a great lunch here. We sat at the bar and ordered a drink. My friend (male) went to the restroom and saw an employee walk out of the stall and instead of him washing his hands he proceeded to walk out. We were keeping an eye out to see if he was serving anyone food in our section. THANKFULLY he wasn't on the bar side or else we would've walked out. Turns out we see him and continue to watch him to see what his role was. He didn't handle any food, thankfully, but did see him with a rag to wipe down tables. At this point we discussed speaking with the manager, but were scared our food would be messed with. So we waited until after our meal to discuss it with the manager who's name was Angie. We spoke with her after our meal to address the situation with her. We were again disgusted with the way she handled it. Her first reaction was eww, then proceeded to say ok I'll talk to him. I have been in the rest. industry for over ten years and was surprised we didn't get an apology or a, this is not how we conduct business here and our crew is told to be sanitary. I feel bad for the people who's tables he wiped down. I don't see Buffalo Wild Wings the same anymore. Disgusting
I love me some chicken wings, so thought I would suggest this place for a friend in town on business as a place to grab some wings. Had seen it a couple times when I lived in the Area and he was staying at Mandalay Bay. 

Arrived on a Saturday afternoon, on a game day. Really packed in the bar and the main floor. I had been here once before and the bartenders were really slow-even for a beer, so decided to give this place another shot with my friend. 

Took about 15 minutes to get seated, even with a few tables on the main floor obviously open. Some pretty cute sports attired girls working there, who I think might have taken longer than needed to seat us because all the staff is young and flirting back and forth and shooting the shit more than working. But that's cool, it's a relaxed 
environment and they are easy on the eyes. 

Waded through the sea of people and sat down. Waited about 15 mins between the water person and our actual server taking our order. Guess it's to be expected on game day-I'm not a big sports person, but I do enjoy watching people get riled up and yell and scream when sh*t hits the fan on the million flat screens they have on the walls. 

I ordered the 48 or 50 piece wings for $34.95 with 4 different types of sauces and my friend had a standard burger.  Place was cracking and only took about 20. I chose the Teriyaki, Lemon Pepper, Thai Curry and my favorite Mango Habenero'. 

All the chicken had the bones (I prefer it that way) and all probably cooked slightly longer than needed to be-but not a huge deal. The Lemon Pepper ones were under Seasoned, The Thai Curry hinted at that peanut type flavor, and the Teriyaki was just slathered in the sauce....The Mango Habenero were just right and I devoured them. It was a lot more food than I expected-I ate about 30 pieces before I had to undo a belt notch. lol 

The beers were nice and ice cold and they have a decent selection, though I think our total time there was about 2 and a half hours, but the service in between items could've probably been sped up a little bit.

All in all, not the best, not the worst, but a great place to b.s. with a friend and catch up with the standard Sports Bar feel. I'll probably come back on one of the wing specialty nights with some friends. Like I said, some of the server girls were smokin hot with those black football lines under their eyes. 

Hope you like my review! Cheers!

~Mb
Sitting in bar area waiting on 6 wings. Its been an hour and they are 20% full. Took us 20 minutes to get drinks, too. Will never be back.
Perfect spot for lunch.
Chad at the bar hates his job. He made that obvious through his poor service and bad attitude. Our crime? Eating dinner and buying drinks.
There's no need for me to go into detail about this place, you know what it is and you know what you're getting. But to the jacka$$ who told me that BWW has some of the best nachos in the city, please hold your arm out, wind it back, and slap yourself right in the face. You have lost all credibility and made me waste stomach space...jerk.
BWW has grown on me over time. The wings here are pretty decent. The other food is whatever. I would just stick to the wings. Alot of flavors to choose from. I do recommend the garlic mushrooms though. They are really good and I could probably just fill up on those if I could. I also do get the honey bbq flavor. That is probably my favorite from BWW. I've tried other flavors but I don't think any really compare to that. I'm not really a big spicy person either. Plenty of big screens to watch sports on but I don't really come here for sports. It can get really busy when a big game is on or any game for that matter. 

The service is pretty much a hit or miss here. You either get good or bad service and I have gotten both here at this location. This place is near where I work and it is definitely a good place to grab lunch. They have good lunch specials going on. I do also like that if you do have a late night wing craving you can go to BWW.
yummy yummy! 

i love going for happy hour with my friends! it's good food and good drinks, what more could you ask for? 

only thing is depending on when you go there tends to be a rather long wait. it's best to go on a weekday or when there isn't a huge game playing.  if there's a game and you don't care about it, then don't go. there's no point in waiting when everyone is there to watch so they'll never leave haha i love the lakers, but i don't want to go watch them lose (they've been doing a lot of that lately) just because the food is cheap. But that's just my opinion haha
When all else fails, hit the BWW. Ya, even in Vegas! Off the strip and away from most of the chaos. Great place to sit back and relax..
Personally I hate this location but sometimes I join others who go to this one. EVERY TIME I order spicy garlic wings it comes out tasting different I have no clue why and that is the reason I hate this location.
Followup to my previous (not very detailed) review.

Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me a 3rd time and...quit fooling me damn it!

I always enjoy my Spicy Garlic Wings. After my December visit I made the mistake of returning to this location in January. When my wings arrived they were clearly old (not fresh) and looked terrible sitting on the server's tray next to someone else's hot fresh wings. I pointed this out to the server and she replied the wings are "always fresh" which proved two things. 1st, she doesn't understand how the kitchen at BWW functions, and 2. She's blind. I asked her if it was her order would she accept it...her response was she doesn't like Chicken.

I then asked for a manager who proceeded to tell me the wings looked fine but she'll bring new ones...they look fine, really? I'll pass....and we left. Strike Two.

After two strikes I suppose I'm a glutton for punishment. I returned in Feb. for a third visit and I thought for sure the third time was a charm. The bartender was friendly and my wings arrived quickly. The wings themselves were a bit dry but I've lowered my standards and I was hungry! My second bite into the second wing I found a hair in my mouth. It wasn't my hair...DAMN! COMPLETELY DISGUSTING.

The bartender was very apologetic and took the food away quickly. She then informed the manager of the situation. This was a very heavy hispanic gentleman who came around the bar, leaned over next to me and said, "so what happened?"  You're kidding right...what happened? Didn't the bartender just tell you? Where's my apology? Where's your concern? What happened? REALLY?

On my way out I wrote down the name of the General Manager on the door and proceeded to call the listed number which of course was simply the direct line to the restaurant. The person who answered the phone didn't recognize the name I was asking for (HER BOSS) and after placing me on hold to check with someone else came back to advise me the GM is not there, comes and goes without warning and there is no way to contact her unless I leave a message. I chose to leave the message here instead. I still love BWW but will NEVER, EVER VISIT THIS LOCATION AGAIN.
went last Sunday with a couple of friends. the food was horrible and the service was just ok........ chicken was dry and tasteless... will not go back
Being a busy and popular franchise in Vegas, you'd think BWW had better quality control and training of their employees. This specific location was one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had, especially the worst BWW experience.

Upon arriving shortly before 11pm, the dining room was empty with no servers around. Stepping to the bar area revealed some life, my lady and I took a seat at an empty table. It took only a few seconds to get some service, so that was a plus. The staff however looked sloppy. They in no way attempted to be friendly or make you feel comfortable. The two bartenders were moving around constantly, while a server or two would either be standing around or serving food. Our particular server was a mess, had no emotion and was in no rush to get anything done. 

The only saving grace was that the food actually came out quite well. Not much of a saving grace to be honest. After finishing our meals, it took 10 minutes to get noticed so we could grab a check. We waited another 10 to actually receive it, and at least 5 more after giving my debit card to get it back. At this point only the two bartenders were working. I looked around for a server to ask for some lids for our sauce. This proved to be a tough process, considering there was no one around for minutes until a supervisor looking person stepped out from the back and FINALLY grabbed one for us. 

There are many better BWWs around Vegas, I don't recommend this one at all.
Went in almost EVERY Sunday. Football, beers and fantastic wings.

We love Buffalo Wild Wings no matter where we go (and trust me, I am not a franchise fan AT ALL), but this one has the great food consistency and, even better, a fantastic crew working there. We always sit at the bar, with at least 2 projection screens on EACH wall. So much to look at, and a perfect circle bar in the middle. 

We sit there for the comfort, easy football watching, quick drinks, and the bartenders. Sorry to the rest of them, but we always wait for BRIAN to serve us. He is quick (with the drinks/food and his wit) and very easy to talk with. He became our favorite pretty quickly. Its great when you have someone at your favorite place to grab wings that you can go to every time, and its GREAT 100% of your visits.

The video poker/black jack on the counter tops are pretty great too. As long as you put in at least $10 into the machine, you get a free drink. Thank you BWW!
Fantastic Food and Service. their host Karissa is very friendly and Bryan has excellent personality and runs the place well. Awesome March Madness experiance for me
I work graveyard and this place being 24 hours is one of my top picks. Always good food, never had any issues here, and always good service at night.
The only reason I go here is because of Wing Tuesdays and Boneless Thursdays...and the wings are just okay.  I would suggest getting the Jammin Jalapeno and Asian Zing.  The last time my friends and I were here, our server was awful.  He was smacking his gum loudly, which is not only disgusting, but against health code.  He never refilled our waters and was no where to be found.  When we did see him, he was running around the restaurant backwards...LITERALLY BACKWARDS.  We even saw him sit down at a chair at one table to take their order.
First off, I do love Buffalo Wild Wings.  The original wings with buffalo seasoning are delicious! The food here was okay, my wings were broken and having shards of bone stick out of your food is not appetizing to say the least. 
The cheesecake bites were great!

The review is mostly for the service, which was for lack of a better word TERRIBLE.  The waitress sauntered over while chewing gum, as if she was doing us a favor, and took our orders but did not write anything down.  She had to ask a few times for us to repeat it, while still getting the drink wrong.  Mind you there are only two of us, so it should not have been such a feat.  Our orders came out wrong, wrong side dish but we did not mention anything at that point as to not have to deal with it anymore. Overall, she seemed more focused on serving groups of guys seated all around then any other customer.
So actually we had a pretty bad experience here this time around...So why the 4 stars right?  Well me and 2 friends went here for lunch today and we waited nearly 50 minutes to get our food.  That's a crazy long time.  Turns out they had a problem with their system and because of the issues, our order probably got lost.  We assume that's what happened when the bartender serving us asked what sauces we wanted again about 30 minutes in to our wait.  Well the food was good once we got it and a manager came over and talked to us to explain the system issues.  She said she would discount the check for us.  Turns out she discounted the whole thing, so despite waiting for a long time the food and drinks ended up being free.  Can't beat free!!!  So I gave this 4 stars because I respect places that recognize when they screwed up and are willing to give us a free meal in order to maintain our business for the future.  So many places want to just shut you up and not really do much for you, but 3 guys eating meals for free because you messed up is a good example of what they should be doing to keep customers happy.  I may not come here on my 1 hour lunch break very often because of this, but I will go back again other times.
I give it a 4 because of the consistency  we get when we come here. We always sit at that bar and they have an awesome Happy Hour menu, appetizers for $3 and certain alcohol like Absolut vodka for $3. We get our wings naked extra crispy with sauce on the side and the wings still come out juicy and not dry at all. We stick to mango habanero which is sweet and has heat to it (a little goes a long way!) last night we tried the spicy garlic sauce which has a good combination of sweet and spicy, it almost taste like garlic aioli.
Small establishment for BWW. Circular bar is enormous. Good happy hour prices, food is typical BWW. Layed back spot away from the strip.
I really like the wings, specifically because of the sauce choice. My favorites are Mango Habenero (spicy), Wild (spicy) , Caribbean Jerk (medium) and Teriyaki (mild)
Spicy Garlic (medium) is also pretty good. 
The chips with cheese and cajun seasoning is delicious. 
I almost always sit at the bar and the bartenders are great. Dani and Michelle are my favorites, but the guys on weekend swing and grave are always great too.
Nothing like a quick fix when you're having an insane wing craving, which tends to happen to me at least once a month or so, although there was a time that I will unabashedly admit that I ate at BWW's at least 4x a week.  Don't judge!

Anyway, my friend and I came in here the other night around 1am with a wing-craving so strong it ached in our bellies.  The bar area was open and it wasn't super busy.  Our server was great so we got beers right away.  We ordered 18 wings and did half spicy garlic, which is the only sauce I've ever had there, and also medium.  I couldn't really tell the difference between the two sauces, to be honest.  

It's true that they are not the best wings as they are quite a bit on the scrawny side, but they hit the spot all the same, as they always do.  They are also SUPER salty and it can get to be way too much, but wash it down with some beer to cancel out the high salt content and you're golden.
Long story short, I arrived one hour early for a get-together to set up for party of 16. After one hour of waiting, no table was given to us with lack of communication to us. We did not know that the table was already set up, and we did not know of any "rules" they had about 30 minute wait time and having half the party in order to be seated and all other things they mentioned AFTER all of the party was present. Even the manager seemed careless.

I understand it's near the Strip so it's more crowded than other locations. It's still not okay to act on your own without informing the customers of your decisions.
Food is good (not great) but the loudest music ever. Couldn't hear the waiter. I have been to this location several times because its close to the office. Do not like the experience inside the place. I think I'm done with this location
Service at the Las Vegas blvd location is always horrible except for the bar area. For some apparent reason I continue coming. Great bar food! Awesome beer!
I cant get enough of this place!!! Love going here on a regular basis for football season.
After a private party at Commonwealth, my best friend and I decided to come down to BWW for some grub to soak up the alcohol.  This location is open all night and centrally located in the same parking lot as the Las Vegas Outlet center.  

Definitely your standard BWW.  The front part of the restaurant is a dinning room for families.  The back part is a huge bar, decorated with lots of big screen TVs for game watching.  Along side the bar are bar top tables, which we decided to sit at.  Our server was also the bartender and pleasant to work with.   I slipped him my card at the beginning so I could pay for the meal and he caught the hint, took the card from under the table and did a great job keeping it a secret from my bestie.  

For our meal, we started with the Mozzarella sticks for $6.49 and mini corn dogs for $5.79.  The mozzarella sticks crispy and perfectly breaded on the outside, and gooey mozzarella goodness on the inside.  The marinara dipping sauce made the stick taste like a good cheese pizza!  The corn dogs were literally bite sized hush puppy goodness.  The corn bread batter wasn't overpowering the dog.  There was a dipping sauce for this as well, mustard I think.  It made the corn dogs delicious!  I also decided to get the small boneless wings containing 10 boneless wings.  Parmesan Garlic was my flavor choice.  I liked the wing.  It was battered and super crunchy.  The Parmesan Garlic, on the other hand, was not as good as the actual wing.  It was too tangy and super salty.  It seemed like the wing was drenched in that sauce and very overpowering.  I was not a fan, to be honest.  

Football season is coming up, so you know I'll be at BWW at least couple more times during the season.  I love the service, I love the food, maybe just a different choice of sauce upon my return.  Love the central location and that means a bright future for me and BWW!
My family and I come here a lot!! Tony has served us a few times and he is always on top of it!! He's nice, knows the menu and always offers good suggestions!! Also he's the only server so far to get my fiancé another beer before it's empty lol
last week had 3 different servers take my beer order....got beer 15 min later then never saw another server in next 45 min. complained. nothing happened and charged me for beer.  Good Management....not
I waited a while to leave a review about a recent experience at this establishment because I really didn't want to leave a negative review but almost two months later I am still deeply angry and hurt at our treatment . It was august 6 and it was a friends 21st birthday and he just turned 21 so a couple other friends and I decided to stop by after clubbing to get a late night snack. We were the largest table there with 8 people but It took 20 mins to get someone to ask for our drinks. It was 3 in the morning and we understand that there's probably only one server and cook. But there was only 3 other tables other than us. I don't know if it was because we were the youngest group or if it was because we were the only ones not white but it took over an hour to get our food. No one came to let us know what was going on. When we finally got our food we were already sober from the drinks from the club and the cook kept insisting that it didn't take an hour for the food to come out. The people who came after us got their food first!!! Two whole tables! We didn't want the food anymore we were so angry. By the time we walked out the sun was coming out already.  The server obviously forgot to put our orders in but admit to it! Don't tell us after that another coworker called in and try to give us 10% off our bill. The entire time we were waiting he never came by to ask us how we were doing but he was talking to people at the bar and the other tables. Just standing there. I felt discriminated. I will never set foot in a Buffalo Wild Wings again ever. It just left a bitter taste in my mouth from this atrocious experience. I have not had a restaurant completely ignore me or my friends because we weren't white. Disgusted.
First time at this Location. I had the lunch special with boneless wings and substituted a salad for French fries. The food was very good. No complaints there. I have to give three stars because of the service. The server asked us if we wanted to play trivia when she took the drink order. She only brought my drink which was regular instead of diet, forgot my daughters altogether and never brought the trivia devices. The food took forever to get to the table and never asked us if we needed refills on drinks. So in conclusion food was good but service was lacking. I probably will go to BWW again but not to this location
60 cent wing Tuesdays, closest bdubs to the strip as well as my house, and an amazing setup for watching sports
Hostess was unorganized and too busy cleaning tables. while 3 other employees were just talking among themselves by the podium and didn't acknowledge anybody. new customers are standing around without being greeted or listed on the waiting list. 
By the time we sat down and ordered our drinks. Waitress came back and said they ran out of pineapple juice at 4pm??
I've been here for lunch, happy hour, UFC, and late night. Wings are always delicious. Getting sauce on the side is the way I go.  That way I get to try as many different sauces as I want. Spicy garlic, mango habanero, and Asian zing are my favorites. Don't like wings? Try true burgers. Actually, don't go to bww because you suck if you don't like wings. I said it. You. You suck all you non wing loving people out there!! BWW is good. When they do all you can eat wings, game over man!! Game over!! Love love love it!!
We stopped by for a quick lunch, and the boneless Asian Zing were the best !
Service sucked and I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and it was all lettuce just HORRIBLE!!!
The food came really late and when it finally arrived it was cold. Terrible customer service.
I usually go here for lunch. Great service. Love the hostes Claudia! :) Great place.
We went for a snack during my brother's bachelor party.  Derrick, the server was a real friendly guy.  The food was as expected.

However, in going over all of our finances for the weekend (we're splitting them as a group), I came across my BWW receipt and charge at the bank.  This may be an honest mistake, but my writing was definitely clear on the receipt: they charged me an extra dollar more than I wrote in for.  An extra dollar for me, especially when splitting amongst the group? That's not a big deal...curious however if this is a common thing and they're Office Spacing it $1 at a time.
always a good time here.and it can bring back the memory i had in ohio...and happy hour is def an A+.....3 dollar for any domestic draft and 3 dollars for quite a few selections on the appetizers,also wings are 50 cents each...hell ya
Good wings and nice service
Server was josh sat in the lounge area.. waited at least 50 min for our food a table sitting in front of us that came in after us.ate paid and left before our food was out... had to ask for refills service sucked the cook in the back that brought out food gave us more attention then our own service... sad
After quick review... I noticed a woman on the floor making sure everything was in order with Staff. The music began to squelch, while handling something with an employee that was obviously personal and nicely pulled to the side to handle this woman later identified as maggie Ibarra went and fixed the situation. Soon returning I had caught the name on the badge that appeared above General Manager. I was wowed no GM I know is this involved. She must've noticed I read the name tag so she asked if everything was well. I couldn't help to tell her I was involved in the Customer Service Side of the industry and I was impressed. She sat and listened and elaborated on how  the importance of a good running team is essential to great service. The ingredients of the food has been proven, but the on going management of unique individuals is the key to functionality and true comfort! Not enough do people comment on how management motivates the team. I do! Kudos Miss. Ibarra your efforts are obvious through my scope. Quick service, food, and staff friendly!
I've been here many times before and this had to be the worst experience ever...

It was Christmas Day and Bdubs happened to be the only place we could find open. We were about to be seated in 10 mins for a party of 7 which wasn't bad considering they were pretty busy.

At the time only 4 out of 7 ppl from our party had arrived so we decided to go ahead and place our orders.

This is when it began going down hill...

It took them 45 minutes to bring out wings for the 4 of us, during the entire time we never saw our server.

What bothered me the most was the fact that when our wings did came out they were pretty dry and they didn't even bring us the right or enough condiments. My cousin and I asked for blue cheese and all we got were 3 ranches for the 4 of us.

Luckily as our wings were delivered our server came back and we were able to place the order for the remaining 3 people in our party, which thankfully were delivered in 15mins with no problem at all.

Overall, I've been to this specific location many times before and they're always pretty good about their wings and pretty timely too. However, they did not deliver at all today especially on Christmas Day... which really disappointed.

To put into perspective how long we waited... we arrived during the 1st half of the Lakers Game and finally got our check during the end of the 4th quarter...
Good service. Good wings. Their tap water was disgusting but didn't make or break my experience...
SUNDAY AFTERNOON BARTENDERS ARE SOME OF THE WORST IN LAS VEGAS!!!!!!! This used to be my go-to hangout...but I will never go back!!!! :( Last Sunday I went in during the first quarter of the Bears game. I sat at the bar and it took nearly 15 minutes for a bartender to acknowledge me, even tho they were only about 1/2 full. I am a pretty big gamer, and needed my players card. Ten minutes after the girl bartender (never got either of the bartenders names, they barely acknowledged me let alone introduce themselves,) took my ID I asked what the hold up was, she told me she could not find my card and had to print a new one. This is now 25 minutes into sitting here, nothing in front of me and not gaming either. I finally got my card and started to play. Guy bartender brought me the bottle of water I asked him for and took my order. It was the end of the halftime, beginning of THIRD quarter before I got my food. By now I had gambled quite a bit, I had the empty bottle of water on the ledge and no one replaced it. I had to flag down a bartender to get another. When I was done, I went to front and asked for a manager. When AGM came up I explained how ignored I had been. She never even asked for my name, and didn't seem to care that I had lost a great deal of money (which was not her problem, but a gamer should be treated with the utmost respect) and had terrible service. She gave me the GM's card and walked away. I called the next day and left a message with whomever answered phone. I never got a call back.  I will never go back, and at one point in the last year or two, I was one of this establishments biggest gamers and better customers. *shakes my head in disgust.*
If I could put no stars I would. 

When my husband and I first arrived they took at least 10 minutes just to see how many was in our party. Mind you, we were the first ones in line. They finally sat us down at a grouped table where we had to sit with other strangers. A birthday party on one side of us and little kids on the other.

Our waitress was wonderful, very kind, took our orders promptly. Everything with her was fabulous. Kudos to you. 

Now when we got our order I was EXTREMELY infuriated. The busser who brought our food out had her hands close to our food as she set it on the table, and this was the kicker. She accidentally dipped her finger in our ranch, pretended she didn't do it as she wiped her finger on her serving tray and put it down on the table. She then looked up and went to walk away. I kindly asked for a new ranch and she gave me a nasty face and said "sure." We waited another 10 minutes for a new ranch. She didn't ask if we needed anything. She just dropped it and went on her way. Our waitress came by a few more times asked if we needed anything. Gave us our check and we went on our way.

All I have to say is unless you want ranch with a side of finger (and I'm not talking chicken fingers people) DO NOT GO HERE.
Worst BWW I've ever been to.  Our waitress had a bad attitude and kept forgetting things on top of being snippy and rude.  She got our order wrong and then when the right order didn't come out after a long period of time, she blamed the manager.  The food was good but the service was terrible.
How can you go wrong with BWW!! Great place to catch a game and maybe a few brews. Lemmon pepper, spicy garlic, and hot are the trio of flavors from a variety of flavors they offer!! With all the screens set up around the room there's no game you can miss!!
First time here at Bdubs, thought it would be pleasant but turned out to be the opposite. The seat are that they placed us was too crowded for a party of 4 while the party of 2 got placed in a more opened area. The server kept trying to rush our order and looked confused each time he came around our table. We got the sampler appetizer, which was pretty decent but we didn't receive any silver ware or plate, so we only had napkins and the table got really messy. 

My friend and I decided to get the same thing, the Honey Buffalo Chicken Ranch Salad. We were super excited for it. When it came out and we started eating it, the chicken was ice cold! Kind of like when you take a few frozen veg, stick it in the microwave for like 1 minute and it's still icy. Yeah, I know it's a salad but this was the first time I have ever had a chicken salad at a restaurant with icy cold chicken, besides getting a chicken salad (with mayo) on bread.

 I was looking forward to some hot honey BBQ chicken on a bed of lettuce with cheese and tomatoes...I asked the server if this was how the chicken was supposed to be and  why (basically stating my displeasure). He told me that they cook the chicken fresh and chill it down every morning  and that most people complain having a hot fresh grill chicken on their salad. I don't know about you Mr. but the chicken looked like that resealable Tyson grilled chicken cubed and tasted like it was stuck behind the pantry freezer. Totally wouldn't come back here for a long time.

Sincerely,


Cintya P.
This location is usually always busy. Service depends on your waiter. I've had really good and semi good service never awful tho.
Called and said haply hour ends at 7 PM so at 6:50 we try to get a 2nd order in and server says no happy hour is over because there clock is fast, total BS,  went to manager and same story even though I showed phone then she says all carriers are different, not so, we had att, Verizon and sprint and guess what all exact same time. No silverware had to ask 4 times.
This was my first experience at Buffalo Wild Wings and the nicest thing I can say is they have great commercials.  I won't give it a 1 because their onion rings were good and one of the wing choices I made was good. 

Bottom line, if you're in the mood for wings I suggest going to Wings and Things.
50 TV's good food and a fun staff. I found this place by mistake and after a weekend of football I'm sold.
Longgggg time to get the drinks, longgggg time to get the food, untrained personnel,  dry food, poor quality ingredients,  huh....I give it 2 stars for their sauces...but would not recommend!
I feel a bit odd reviewing a Buffalo Wild Wings, but my foreign friends always want to go when we are in Vegas and we always go to this location.  

If you've been to Bdubs before it's pretty standard fair, lots of tvs and wings and other fried foods.  The only real difference is this one is open 24 hours, which is nice.  

Not surprisingly if you are going here for a big sporting event it will be very busy, especially if it is a UFC fight.  You will probably have to get there an hour or more early and/or tip someone heavily to get a seat.

Best things are the mini corn dogs and wings.  If you order just those you will have a very pleasant meal.  Sauces depend on your taste and spice tolerance but I normally go with Spicy Garlic and Asian Zing.

My two British friends routinely spend 100 dollars between them, so I'm pretty sure if anyone ever decided to open one of these in London it would be like printing money.
Not impressed with this location.  We waited a while for our order and my boneless wings had obviously sat under a heat lamp for a while.  My Long Island Iced Tea tasted like a virgin iced tea.  The service was a bit slow too.
Came here for happy hour tonight and it just so happens it was .60 cent boneless wings on Thursdays. 

Happy hour is from 2-7pm I believe. Love the hours, but not the best as far as meals/drinks go.

They've got $3.00 appetizers (only on certain ones - mozzarella sticks, mini corn dogs, onion rings, chips and queso) but not on wings :( and $3.00 on certain beer and alcohol.. Again, not on what I ordered (I like my crown and 7)

Happy hour is only in the bar area. It was pretty crowded tonight but luckily we found a table. 

Overall not a bad place if you're into sports and don't mind being in a loud restaurant.
Food here is good we tried the boneless wings it was good to bad they charge for the ranch dressing other wise I would  give place 5 stars
Came here last night with my girlfriend the food was really good and our server was really nice he was really cool and laid back and made us feel at ease overall I would rate my experience 5 stars based on the excellent service we got and how awesome our server was.
Horrible in every way. Not only will I never come to this location, but it was so bad I will never go to any of their locations.
Buffalo Wild Wings always always always has great food no matter how busy or what time. The only problem I have with this location is that the servers are always rude and some of the management isn't so nice either. Last time my boyfriend & I went in  the waitress didn't even pay attention to us and barely took care of us. Then after a manager came up to us she was rude, annoying and was speaking to me like I was stupid. Once again I love the food but I'm over their stupid customer service.
My fiancé and I have been to every Buffalo Wild Wings in Vegas and this is the worst one. Every time we have gone we wait forever just for the server to come take our order. They have gotten our order wrong every time we come. They do not pay attention to there tables at all we have had to stop a different server to get refills cause our server disappeared. There has only been one server that we have had there that actually knew what he was doing. Not going back to this one that is fur sure.
Horrible and very slow service and they messed up my order. They were not crowed either. Ordered a Cobb Salad and server brought me the wrong salad then tried to ask like it was right- left off bacon, cranberries, and walnuts. Had shredded cheese on it which it doesn't come with. Wrong dressing on the side! Server wanted to bring me bacon, walnuts, and cranberries to add to my own salad. Why not bring me the lettuce too. Why not have me go in the kitchen and make my own! Will not be back to this one again!
It is so loud I can't hear my family that is talking at my table. I like music.... But when you can't have conversation at dinner it's too loud!
Buffalo Wild Wings is not somewhere I usually choose to go.... I ended up there today by default- my coworker's choice! I ordered the boneless wing lunch combo, the wings were average, but my fries were cold! Our service was decent.

Overall- an ok experience.
Wings were just what the Doctor ordered. We ordered honey BBQ and buffalo, along with an order of carrots and celery. Try the mini corn dogs yum! Server was polite however drinks and check took quite a long time to receive and I go to B dubs all around the country and this location is far darker then all others, felt a little creepy. If
you into that, this is your place, just not for me.
Took a long time to get our drinks..manager did not accommodate our request o. Our game..  And the pace not packed.  And when she did..  She put it on a small TV..  Too dark and just didn't get a good vibe of place.  Failed to live up to hype that TV promotes.
Terrible service.  After we received our food, our waiter never came back to the table.  We had to ask another waiter to get us our bill.  No drink refills, no "how is your food", nothing.  Never coming here again.
Tuesday Happy Hour menu is my favorite and the wings are only 60cents. Only bad things is sitting at the bar area and the staff is all around the place so service isn't the best.
I came in here really wanting to like this place. As noted in my review of Wings Express, my love for the chicken wing is strong, and this place does have some qualities that Wings Express lacks (it's open late, it's clean, they sell beer, and it's a whole lot less scary looking), but I was sorely disappointed.

I felt like I got nickled and dimed. Instead of a dozen (the standard unit of measure for chicken wings) for about $6, you get 10. Then you pay a little extra for carrots and celery. Then you pay a little more for ranch or blue cheese dressing. This is wrong. You don't go to a burger joint and buy a hamburger, then pay a little more for the buns and then a little more for ketchup, it's a standard package deal.  

Also, it can't be more than a week or two since this place opened, and the employee at the register was already looking jaded. Who wants to be at a place like that?

It actually tasted pretty good, better than average, but not nearly good enough to choose over Wings Express.
Other than barbeque there is nothing that has caused so many to claim that they are the best as with chicken wings. I can not resist a good chicken wing and this place does a great job of making some of the best. With tons of flavors to choose from you do yourself a disservice by not trying this place if you call yourself a true wing lover. 

Meaty with skin that is crispy, not rubbery like some places ( the streets of new york, domino's) these little birds were made to fly right into my mouth ( yes I know it is the wing not the whole bird lol). I used to go there twice a month to get their bourbon beans,potato wedges, and a monster variety pack of wings when I would go to a friends house for Sunday afternoon football on TV. Everything always tasted so good and there would be nothing left over. The only real problem I have with this place is with the long wait time. 

I mean come on these people are making wings not painting the Mona Lisa! LOL seriously 20 minutes for 12 little wings? Not cool! Now I know things take time to cook but with a fryer at 350 it should take no more than a few minutes to  get my order ready to go. To save time I now call in my order and by the time I pull in everything is ready to go. Problem solved . Now let's eat! Who has the blue cheese? LOL
I placed an online order on 1-22-11 at approximately 8:45PM and was assigned a pick up time of 9:16PM. I arrived at the location and was told that my order had not been started because the employees forgot to check the fax for an online order. There was another customer there who called in her order, arrived 30 minutes after the call and they still had not started preparing her food and she was being ignored as well. It was not busy, when I arrived, the manager was leaning against a broom talking on her cell phone. The employees were just milling around and no food was being prepared. Additionally there were only 3 tables of customers who were all eating, thus no reason why food should be delayed.  

Once I realized it would be another 30 minutes before they could even get to my order I asked for a refund and was refused. I asked 2 additional times for a refund and was refused again by the manager (who is the owner's wife). She did not speak English (per her employees) and because I am African American assumed that I didn't speak Spanish. She proceeded to use racist and derogatory language regarding me and my request to her employees and in ear shot of the restaurant patrons. She referred to me using the slang for whore, fat pig, and the Spanish slang for the N----- word. I continued to request a refund at which time she called the owner Jose Arriola who informed me that I was not getting a refund nor was I getting my food order and even if I called GOD it wouldn't help the situation.

I repeated my request for a refund while repeating back his statements for clarification. While I was speaking Jose ended the call by hanging up in my face. Once he ended the call, I asked the female manager? again for a refund. By this time I have been in the restaurant for over 40 minutes. I was told by an employee that Jose was on his way to speak to me in person and to resolve the matter. Within 5 minutes Jose arrived and started a conversation with a friend of his for an additional 30 minutes. I was told in confidence by one of the employees that he was stalling on purpose in hopes that I would either leave without my money or food, or I would cause a scene which would give him reason to call the police.

I remained calm and continued to ask at 2 minute intervals for a refund. Finally Jose came to the counter and stated that I would get a refund via online and that he cannot and will not issue a refund in person. I requested something in writing that he agrees to process a refund and that the refund would be placed on my credit card by Monday. He provided me with an incomplete sentence on my receipt stating "Refund order because of ASAP" with his signature. 

My fear is that he is in fact not going to refund my money and will claim that I received my order. At this point I have filed a complaint with the Arizona AG's office and I am contacting my bank tomorrow (thankfully they are open on Sundays) to begin fraud proceedings. Needless to say I am NEVER eating at another Wingstop anywhere in the world and will encourage others to never eat there again. 

Beware if you go to the Wingstop on Dobson in Mesa, you may not get your food and you DEFINITELY will not get a refund.
We will usually drop $25 here for two of us. The wings are pretty good and they have lots of varieties. The fries and veggie sticks are good. It's kinda pricey and this isn't somewhere I would eat often.
wings place.  good wings, sports on tv.  i like the spicy flavors.  not so much the parmesan ones, they taste a little too funky :)

the staff that works here are pretty good and they will be happy to remind you that you are ordering boneless or with bone combos, just so you won't feel cheated when the bones are missing or are in there :)
At work, this place is an institution with one of the guys. To the point that every Thursday is now known as WINGSDAY and we MUST go to Wingstop. There is no other option. In fact, the manager (?owner?) doesn't even need to take his order. All he says is "I'll have my usual," and it's done.
Now that's service. It's not extravagant or over done, but it's a solid wings place. Good food, filled with business types and ESPN. It's everything you need to wings, lunch and men! { and a few token chicks }
I always had good experiences with the location in Tucson but I was just not feeling the grub we picked up from here. Maybe it was the fact they messed up our order? Yes, this could be a big reason but also they lacked in heat (temp) and just didn't really do all that much for my taste buds.

maybe it was a dud pack I ordered??

The positive: the celery and carrot sticks were on point
Typically, I try to avoid wings these days. I'm older, and my body just doesn't react the same as it used to when I was younger.

But, tonight was special. It was my dinner break, and they were the closest and most cost effective place to catch the NFL season opener!

I walked in, and there was NOBODY there outside of the employees. Being my first time in a Wingstop, I know I had that "deer in the headlights" look on my face. Unfortunately, the young lady working the counter didn't notice that I might need some help, because she was counting down her cash register so she could go home.

Now, I'm relatively bright, and I'm extremely literate, so I figured out what I wanted after a little searching...though, I would have been open to suggestions instead of standing there for five minutes trying to decide what sounded the most palatable.

I ended up getting the 10 wing bone-in meal with fries and a drink for about $11. I opted for the regular "Hot" flavored wings, though they did have a decent variety from which to choose if you think you have the gastrointestinal fortitude to palate them. Speaking from former decisions with crazily spiced wings, I do NOT recommend anything rated higher than good 'ol "hot".

The wings and fries came out as quickly as could be expected. The wings themselves weren't bad. The "hot"was an excellent choice. Not too spicy, not too bland...just right for my liking. 

The fries, though...they were a different story. There were three different levels of french fries in my basket:

1) Just Right
2) Uncooked
3) Burnt to a Crisp

On top of the inconsistency with the fries, they were WAY over salted...almost to the point of not being edible.

The only saving grace for this place was the fact that they were airing the inaugural game of the 2012 NFL season. The service was meh, the food was meh, but the circumstances were fantastic. 

Somehow, that weird gastric/emotional math equals 3 stars.
Where are the steriod induced chicken wings when you need em??? The wings are tiny drumettes! I got an order of the original and Louisiana rub along with potatoe salad. Everything was pretty bland and they take foreverto give you your food. I've had better wings at a Mexican restaurant.
The only reason 1 star can be given is the flavor choices and taste.  The SMALLEST wings I have ever seen, they must be off of baby chicks.  I thought it was getting punked, actually LOL.  Never to be back
The Short:
The best tasting wings in the PHX area hurt by erratic service and lack of culinary diversity. 

Pros:
- Wings, wings, and wings.
- Lots of tasty sauce options.
- Fries that 'bite back' (thanks Dayum).
- Serves beer!
- Open late.
- Amazing boneless wings.

Cons:
- Food quality and choices falls flat after wings and fries. 
- Orders can take fooooooooreeeeevvvvveeeeerrrrrrr!
- Dining area not always clean. 
- For whatever reason, some of the workers hate you. Not me, you. Yes, you in the back. 

Best Item(s):
- Wings (any type)
- Fries (even if you find them in the trashcan or on the floor)

Interesting Fact:
The food here tastes just as good sober or drunk. I prefer drunk to help me deal with some of their workers.
Great wings great service and the owner is always there. I always order online I have never had a bad experience.  The owner will adjust order if their was a mistake. Favorite wing. Place.
The time was 11:45 and me and my cousin were going to place a order, but they said they were closed. so me and my cousin left disappointed because they closed 15 minutes early but on top of that when we were looking for a other place to eat using  my phone in my cousin's car. A other customer comes in and places a order.  This is what I call bad customer service. my question is why would you serve him and not us. to me that might have been racial profiling and that is not okay in my book.
Wings are always fresh and delish ... Excellent service as well :)... Love the atomic wings!
Erratic service.  Cramped space.  Gave it another shot after ralphin after gettin a pick-up order.  Still gross... Hope I can keep it down
First time at Wingstop in months. Been Jonesin for good wings but wife doesn't like BBQ very much (I know, right?). She's busy, so Wingstop!

Ordered the 6 PC combo with hot flavor, bleu cheese dip, fries and a drink for $8.50. They arrived in 14 mins, just as promised, hot out if the fryer. 

Wingstop wings are always hot, juicy and crispy-just the way I like them. The fries are awesome if you eat them right away. Don't take fries to go unless you eat them on the way home. They get soggy. 

Okay, I wrote all the above before getting my wings, since Wingstop never disappoints. They disappointed me today. 

The wings were very small with not much meat on them and the fries were soggy right away. I think the cook was getting rid of poor stock on a to-go customer and didn't really care. Too bad. 

I usually recommend Wingstop. Love them over any other wing place, including ARL, Native and any other. Try them but check your to-go order in the store.
The service is horrible I called in my order and when I get there I was almost passed up on my turn in line good thing the guy behind pointed out I was the next person in line. .. The guy that took my order filled my cups with soda and when he gave them to me I asked if he knew which was coke and which was Dr pepper and shrugged his shoulders and said I don't know. .I left it alone got my food and left. .. When I get home my order was wrong even though he repeated it to me 3 times!  Wack!
I finally had to try this place a week or so ago as friends raved about it and honestly,  I don't get it they had a lot of option but the food was pretty average with rubbery fries and wings that were smaller tun regular wings and weird serving numbers.   The food was ok but making a moderately good wing unacceptable was the service.  They are slow and rude and spent more time thing to each other than the customers and the final strike was the pricing was kind of strange with everything being separate so you end up with average to ok good wings, mediocre sides and then they charged a fairly steep price for chicken wings.  sorry I wanted them to be great but can't say they were.
I love chicken.....I love chicken wingssss... 
In Southern California, which is where I am from, I usually have my top places to go for chicken and or wings so I never ended up going to Hooters.

So while I was in town for the Arizona Ironman, me and my buddies decided to try out the hooters in arizona.  Yeah...you can see I was concerned about my protein intake before the race LOL...This is not the usual type of food people eat before an endurance event such as the Ironman but hey you only live once right?

So we go up the stairs and get seated and we order our drinks and wings.  The wings were kinda big and fatty.  They weren't very good...and all this time I heard that their wings are good...blah!

This is the first place I saw the Miller Lime Beer though!  Whats up with that....

I'm sure it gets busy with college kids though since it's right by ASU.  But the food wasn't so hot and umm the girls were average as well.
I love hooters for the fresh chickens.

The wings aren't bad, either!

I order mine bone-in, naked, and hot. The wings, that is. 

If the waitresses didn't have to wear those creepy nylons as part of the uniform, and had bare legs instead, I'd give Hooters 5 stars.
Why do people go to Hooters? I've never seen a girl with a decent rack there yet. You would think that would be a requirement of employment given the name of the place, but apparently it isn't. The peanut oil wings make me ill.

If you want to have young hot chicks dressed like tarts serve you greasy bar food then head downstairs to the Library or go to The Tilted Kilt (which actually has pretty decent food).
The outdoor second-level deck at this Hooters is a surprisingly nice place to sit with a cold beer. There are plenty of TVs, and the girls were attentive but not intentionally overbearing as at other Hooters. The food still sucks though.
Creepy manager here....has a lazy eye and is constantly grabbing and slapping the girls asses when they passed by. He insulted my husband for wearing a Chargers jersey....which I know happens in man land..but he is a manager and thought it was outta line.

I usually dont complain about the food here because it rarely is special, but my son was served a boneless wing that was frozen, and they were supposed to have a bbq sauce on them and they were just fried. When called the manager over he swore that the wings had sauce on them...it was more than obvious they were sauceless. As for the frozen chicken...he did not even address it. He did not offer new chicken..he just came with the bill...and deducted the wings. He never said another word to us.
Only came here one time.  It was halloween. The waitresses were WOW. The wings were greasy and delicious as usual.  Hooters is always one of my favorite's!
The location is what pulled us in.  Late night, near the Mission Palms Hotel where else to go. Acually lots of places because this neighborhood has action.  OK,  we're a group of 4.  Thursday night they had any alcoholic beverage for $3.50.  Hope that one continues, it was a real value.  Of course, the wings were good as usual. The waitress was a good sport and posed for pictures for us ding-bat tourists.  I figured she did it for the tip, and she got a good one.  But she was nice when she didn't have to be so accomodating. Give 'em a plus for that. Oh yeah, it's on the second floor.
This was actually my first Hooter's experience.  The first time was also the best.  The  waitress did not look like a plastic barbie doll and was really laid back.  She even did some cool hula hoop tricks too.  The buffalo chicken sandwich was delicious and the sides were pretty good.  Unfortunately, it went downhill from there.  The next few times, we got this plastic barbie waitress with dull personality.  She was very flaky and  the food would take a while to come.  I always cringed if she was our waitress, and she was until I left Arizona for good.  I'm sure the establishment has gotten worse over the  years, don't miss it one bit.
I had a fun experience here back in January.  I had lost a Superbowl bet and was required to wear a skimpy plaid miniskirt and go-go boots with a shirt that said I bet on the Cards and lost.  I was required to go to Hooter's on Mill and so I went with a friend to get the required photos.  I was not sure how I would be received.  As it turned out, I had nothing to fear.  The staff were warm and welcoming, and absolutely excited over my attire.  I got my photos with no hassle and we decided to hang and drink/eat.  The Coronas were nice and cold and the wings decent (but not fantastic - just decent).  The fun staff more than made up for the 3 star food, though, and many insisted on getting their own photos with me.  Overall, a fun experience, and I will go back here again.
Okay, so you go to hooters.  What is it you're expecting?

a) good food
b) compelling scenery
c) all of the above

If you answered anything but (b), you are deluding yourself.  Hooters has some appallingly bad food.  I mean, it's atrocious.  I have never been to a place where so many menu items are downright offensive.  Burger? dry. tasteless.  Steak sandwich?  *goodyear tires*  tater tots? 2 stars, half of the stars come from the fact that they use movie theatre cheese, which is magnificent.  Fries?  Curly.  Like pubes.  Chicken wings? Breaded.  BREADED?  It's like they're going out of their way to make their food suck ass!

Yet I still bequeath them with four stars, and the reason is that I don't go there for the food.  In fact, I try to time my visits to correspond with non-meal times, as in: I eat, then I go there.  Because they have beer, and they have flirtatious staff.  They should be docked three stars for the support-stocking tights they wear, but that's not up to them.

So at the tempe location, I have to say that the ladies there have a healthy dose of charisma and charm, and this all in addition to the fact that they are cute.  They sing, they dance, they look at you lasciviously, even though they don't mean it... in short, it's everything you look for in a sports bar.

I didn't choose hooters today, because I never do, but I rate restaurants for a)what they attempt to be and b)what everyone should expect out of them and nothing more.  four stars, just not--and I repeat *not*--for the food.
This Hooters is nothing special. The location is the best thing about it, followed very distantly by the food, and then the servers. 

Normally I would NEVER bad mouth the looks of a server, but I reserve the right to with Hooters since they are basically saying in the name "come here to ogle great looking women". I'd say about one out of ten servers is good looking, and one server I had here actually had what looked like a bacterial infection. I really feel bad saying this, but I could be saving someone the energy (I wish someone had done the same for me). 

The food is slightly better than crap, very bland and overpriced. The prices on beer are absolutely ridiculous. 

There are much better places to go on Mill Ave...
I've never eaten at a Hooters and enjoyed the food... and I've been to several of them over the years, mainly to drink (beer). What makes this Hooters nice is the staff (attractive and friendly) and the outside balcony. Mixed drinks are overpriced and really, really weak, and the wings tend to have very little meat and more skin & fat than wings usually have (and we all know that's the bulk of the damn things anyway). Sandwiches are bland and messy. I had the tater tots, and realized when they came that for the same price, I can order tater tots over at the Tavern and get three times the amount. (Whether one should be eating three times that amount is another story.)
Just like every other Hooters, they are a chain you know haha

Food: Still love their wings nonspicy.  I can't handle anymore, yeah I know I'm weaksauce.  

Service: Lady was awesome, very nice & courteous.  After dinner we stayed for awhile to chit chat and she was totally fine with us just chilling there... well there wasn't anyone around any table anyways.

Atmosphere:  I mean if you're in the area, theres plenty more other places to go but of course it'll be crowded & unsure they'll be serving food at night... i mean real food not snack/bar food.  Not crowded.

Parking: BOy will you have trouble.  Same parking as everyone else's trying to get to so they can walk around the popping area.
Not a big fan of Hooters normally, but my best friends sister use to work here. So he knows all the girls, and there is nothing bad about getting mobbed by hot hooter chicks coming by your table to say hi, when your eating your chicken salad.
Special shout out to our server Danielle L.
Thanks for a great start to our night.
I had never visited a Hooters until about 4 years ago. Mainly I hadn't been in one because I was turned off by the whole concept of the establishment. I have to give it props however, because this is the place where I tried my very first fried pickle.

Their fried pickles are chip cut. I like to get mine extra crispy (meaning they double fry/ batter them).  This was actually suggested to me by one of the waitresses that served me at this location.  They also get props because they serve their fried pickles with a fabulous sauce.  It's a delicious zesty ranch sauce and I hear supposedly it is just hooters hot sauce and ranch dressing.  The ultimate bonus comes in when you hit them up for Happy Hour; then it's only $2.50 for a whole order of them!

Overall, I feel as though Hooters is a-ok now. Maybe because they allowed me to discover one of my true loves.

In all honesty though, I like this location on a Sunday afternoon outside on the balcony overlooking Mill Ave. Throw back a beer, people watch and stare at the pigeons that often visit (including ones with only 2 toes).
I honestly think that I'm like one of the only straight girls in the world who likes this place. I love the sports bar atmosphere and their food is really good. I used to order the take-out wings all the time back in the day.

The waitresses are always really nice. I went to a Hooters in California once and our waitress was so rude. You could tell she was a frustrated and annoyed failed actress and was taking it out on her customers. The girls who work at this location are mostly college girls and don't have a bad attitude. 

The last time I came here was with my family for my little brothers 13th birthday. The waitress was really nice and attentive. When we asked her if the fried pickles were good (since we hadn't been in years) she said, "If you like pickles the fried pickles are good."

It was the silliest response ever and she instantly realized it and laughed with us. It was just a pleasant atmosphere in general.

They took my brother to the front and made him stand on a chair with balloons stuffed in his shirt while the girls sing him happy birthday. It was really nice of them to go above and beyond the average ice cream with a birthday song. They also gave him a calendar that all the waitresses signed for him.

I have this theory that the only people who don't like Hooters are jealous girls and/or men who would rather be at strip club but their wives won't let them go.

Could have done without the upstairs location though. I'd imagine after having a few drinks it would suck to get out. (Maybe thats the point!)
I ate here for the first time a few weeks ago on a Friday night/Saturday morning after seeing a show at the Tempe Improv.

I came in around midnight and the place was not that busy. The waitress was pretty nice (did everything expected for a waitress) and the guy who I thought was the manager was easy to talk to. However, those are the only two good things I can say about the restaurant.

I ordered the BBQ wings and they were TERRIBLE. The flavor was very bland and half cold. The blue cheese I ordered was quite watery as well.

I also sat by the kitchen and noticed that a guy in the back was washing a stool in a sink near where the food was made. Needless to say, I won't be eating at Hooters anytime soon.
Oh Hooters, I hate having to give you three stars but tonight you were only a three star establishment. We came in around 10:15 to meet up with a couple of friends and hang out and chat and eat some food. We were told to seat ourselves. It took about 10 minutes, maybe more, for us to be greeted and when we were it wasn't by a waitress. Our waitress was cute, don't get me wrong, but she had absolutely no personality. Aren't they supposed to sit and flirt and banter with tables? I know I'm a female but there were three strapping young lads next to me and we didn't even get a smile. I'd recommend going to happy hour here. Drafts are $2 and a couple of the appetizers are half off. I don't know if I'd go again if it wasn't happy hour though.
I would never go to ANY Hooters every again. I have been to all locations in the valley and my experiences there have always been horrible! Horrible service, management is completely rude. The servers are always talking to a table of young guys while neglecting other tables. Never prebusses the tables so I am forever eating beside empty bowls. Also, every time I order wings they are ALWAYS BLOODY! Talk about gross. The girls are not cute and the food is horrible. I do not recommend any to go there ever. Plenty of other concept restaurants with good food and service. Do not go there!
If you go there, go for the Girls, wings and burgers.  The rest of the food is pretty marginal. My pet peeve there is they bring out the sauces in the little vacuum sealed cups that you get at Jack in the Box or McDonald's, (come on this is a restaurant cant they make fresh ranch)??? It is a sports bar to and drink beer and watch sports,chat up the waitresses and watch sports on one of the many TVs.... dont go there expecting much more .
I echo everything Richard Z. says about the food. It sucks. It sucks enough that I had a violent reaction to seeing the smarmy-dick CEO on TV the other night. I just got a reminder of how lame their food is two nights before at the Tempe location, and I still mourned the loss of my $20.  How can Hooters get away with basically selling stuff that wouldn't be accepted at a school cafeteria?

Well, they have girls in tight outfits. That's how they get away with it. Not that they are attractive. In fact, locally it's only the Tempe location that seems to have a reliable supply of waitresses who don't pad their mustaches down with foundation make-up and don't in some way remind me of my mom. 

So I applaud Richard on his generosity in giving 4-stars to this gaping wound on the soul of America. But I can't join him in his open-mindedness. 

And here's why:

Hooters is nothing less than a titty-bar for henpecked husbands. Guys who can't go to see actual bare breasts at a gentleman's club for fear of landing in divorce court can indulge their fantasies of what life would have been like for them had the rubber not broken on that date ten years before just by going to Hooters. I can't remember the times I've been dragged to Hooters for lunch by groups of nice, married guys at work who will only refer to it as "that WINGS place" with a smutty grin. This is their little fun indulgence--their minor sin.

So I can't agree that Hooters "is what it is" and therefore deserves anything more than one star. It is a pallid imitation of something that we are still too repressed to acknowledge, and the insipid, revolting food makes it a total rip-off.
Waitress couldn't get anything right. I love the second floor outdoor seating, everything else was terrible.
Our waitress looked like Paris Hilton in that episode of South Park.  She had total post bang hair like she just got ravaged by Ben Rothlisberger in the bathroom.  Her voice sounded like she was on the homestretch of a 48 hour whiskey and marlboro red binge.  At any moment I was expecting her to cough up some unidentifiable liquid onto our table.
I personally like this Hooters. Granted, the girls aren't always mind-blowingly hot (although most are good looking), but they are some of the friendliest around. 

This one is also in a great location for being close to everything in Tempe but parking is an issue and is metered so make sure you have change.

For being right next to ASU campus, it isn't the liveliest Hooters I've been to, but it fits the bill and offers nice scenery and edible food.
I am not one to turn down Hooters and actually enjoy the classiness of their fine establishments. All kidding aside, I really do love Hooters. For their wings. 

The only thing I like about this particular one is that it's in the middle of Mill and it's upstairs... I don't know why, but I just like that it's a Hooter's that overlooks the street.

The waitresses here seem to be slow in general, as far as taking orders, getting your drinks, etc. I'm not sure why but the few times I've been here I've received the same slow service. Though, once those delicious wings are served to me I have not a care in the world! Unless it's taking too long to get my beer... then we have a problem.
Good food... Great environment... Hot servers!

The food here is good but not great as can be expected from a hooters. However, this location is in the heart of Mill Street which is the center for social living in ASU and the greater Phoenix area. I enjoy sitting at the tables on the deck of the second level where you can enjoy the scenic view of the mountains and the passers by. This location also has the most attractive servers than any other Hooters Ive been to so that's another plus. You wont be disappointed with your experience here.
Average food at best. Wings undercooked and greasy. Onion rings underwhelming. Service poor. Waited 30 minutes when place wasn't busy...  Won't be back...
I'm soooooo done with Hooters.  I use to be able to defend them by standing by their food.  But not lately.  The wait staff is always nice, but ordering food seems to be a laborious process and then the quality of the food just outright sucks.

There is one redeeming point about this particular Hooters location.  It is right on Mill Avenue and the outdoor seating is a great place.  Good fresh air and excellent vantage point to see the party below as well as the Tempe Skyline.  It reminds me of a western version of Bourbon Street.  Any restaurant on Mill Avenue with a 2nd floor balcony will have this perk - and hopefully better food.
Never been to a better Hooters in my life. I am originally from Ft. Lauderdale Florida and have been to just about every Hooters in the area. Not a single one of them compares. Yes one on Ft Lauderdale is on the beach and has a nice view.....of the beach. I'd rather the view at this Hooters. I swear to god every single girl there is sexy and actually lives up to the restaurants name.....Hooters. The food is the same everywhere you go but besides for the chicken wings, why else go to Hooters? Love this Hooters and look forward to wing wednesdays every week. If you havent been I strongly suggest going. Happy Valentines Day!!
I usually go here with coworkers every Wednesday (Wingsday) night after work. It is endless wings on Wednesday so you really can't get a better deal. I enjoy going and eating here because they have tons of T.V.'s playing and you can usually catch whatever game you want and ask a server to change a channel for you if you don't have the specific game you want to watch on. The food is good and fairly priced and you are also paying for the experience of eating at a Hooters. If you don't know what I'm talking about when I say "experience" then you have clearly never been to a Hooters. The servers have always been really nice and easy on the eye's, so to speak. I have always enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Definitely recommended.
Let's start with the food....it's always good. I mean they're not whipping five star cuisine back there, so don't expect that. We're talking about fried and/or grilled eats, simple and cheap. You get what you order. I always get the chicken sandwich. Always good and served with a pickle and some coleslaw. My better half always gets wings and onion rings, fried and crunchy. Never any complaints about the food. 

Now let's talk service....consistently pretty crappy at least this location. If you're eating hot wings, you might want to order a pitcher of whatever you're drinking. I think my cup was empty more than it was full. Plus, I seem to lose my waiter for twenty minutes at a time. The place wasn't even at max capacity and I could barely get my bill once we were done. 

Last, but not least the girls.....hottest location in the valley, for sure. Out of all the locations I've visited, which at this point is 3, I do believe, in az, this one has the cutest girls. I have a feeling that ASU being around the corner has something to do with it. lol. The girls are so distracting that it ALMOST made me forget about the crappy service (emphasis on almost). 

Tip: sit inside for better service.
Here is what i love about Hooter's on Mill Ave!

First, if the weather permits sit on the balcony. My wife and i love it and that is why we returned on many occasions. Sort of  our spot on Mill i guess? 

Next, Free Wi-Fi...i very much like that. I know i am on my phone and not paying attention. Nope, we what You Tube and check our Facebook and Twitter. So we have fun.

Lastly, the beer! We always get a tall draft of Dos Equis!!! Love it. 

Food is not my thing there. Not much a fan so its pretty much a liquid diet when we go. But we do like the deep fried pickles. 

So 4 stars for atmosphere and location from me.
It's Hooters.  It's Tempe.  It's Wing Wednesday...all you can eat for $10.  Enough said.
The food was good like always but the service was ridiculously slow. The Resturant was dead (not many customers) and our waitress took waaaaay too long to do everything
Hooters wings are practically the same everywhere and I have to say that no one can do 'breaded' like they do. I want meh some crispiness and boy, do they cater. Other than that though, this hooters has nothing special about it other than the fact that it is on Mill and convenient when you're balls to the wall drunk.

I went on a Wednesday night with a group of friends and the food came out in a reasonable time. 

When I say reasonable, only if they were waiting in the kitchen for the actual egg to hatch, then wait for the baby chick to grow until it's an adult, de-feather it, and fry it fresh. This is how it felt waiting for our food and by the time the food actually came to the table, all the server AND the manager could keep repeating was 'we're on last call and about to close, do you want anything else?" 

Well damn son, I just got my food and it's not our fault we had to wait until closing for our food to be ready. 

A lot of the people I went with had to get up and go to the bar just to ask for water to be refilled because the server was so boggled and non-existent. Plates, drinks, utensils, nothing was ever given when asked even though we asked our server. I asked her for a box 3 times and she acknowledged but never came back once with it. This 'Styrofoam contraption'  was too hard for her to comprehend so I finally had to go searching for one on my own. 

Two stars for the usual good wings, but nothing else for the non-existent service.
It's a hooters... So yea greasy food, cheap beer, tight shirts. Ya dig? Maybe don't bring your girlfriend on the first date. Good place to watch a sports game with pals. Service is friendly, all of the girls are very amicable. Welcome to hooters.
I had wait 20 minutes at the bar Just for someone to take my order. then I had to wait about 45 minutes for my order of deep fried pickels. Since I was sitting at the bar I could see the kitchen and the cooks spent most of there time standing around talking for a half hour with out doing a damn thing,
I didn't see one attractive hooters girl here with "hooters" just sayin...
Horrible service. Girls are annoying and it took an hour to get our check to pay.
First time going to this location. Took over an hour to get appetizers. Service was terrible. An hour and 5 minutes for wings and oysters is ridiculous. Plates were dirty, silverware had dried food on it still. Wrote the corporate office and didn't get a response. Great customer service.. Not.
Is what it is, great place to watch games but service was sub par. Wings are always great and the girls are nice just not impressed
5  for the attractiveness of the girls. They had two blackican (black-mexican mixed) girls that were just gorgeous, slim bodies but just crazy pretty. There service was also very good which sometimes goes down the better the girl looks. I'll give the inside of the physical restaraunt a 3-4. I like sitting at the bar but this place had a small bar and with bad tv angles. It's just designed awkwardly. The outside seating may have been better but who the fuck wants to sit ouside in Tempe in the Spring. Besides that, it's hooters, same menu, same quality. I'll go back to just to check out those chicks. Easily the most attractive girls/women I've encountered in my long storied career of Hooter hopping.
When we go to Hooters we always order the crab leg. They are awesome. The beers were alway replenished right before they went dry and with so many waitress we did have trouble waving down ours because they are racing around. And several times forgot what she looked like.
Everyone knows hooters. I love their wings. I really do. They might be the most delicious wings in the world for me.  The pretty sights don't hurt either. 

However, this location is really bad. Their draft beer is always flat, always, so just get a bottle and save your self the pain. 

It always smells like a bathroom. I think their ventilation system is very bad. Most of the time I choose to be seated outside or as far away for the restroom just because of how much I love the food. Sometimes I just turn away.

However, the other day, this location hit a new low when I ordered a bottle of beer, and when I got served the beer, the person serving me was holding a mop in one hand and beer on the hand and served me, asking if need anything else. Upon me saying no, went on mopping the floor. Disgusting.

I can't go to this place anymore. period. I will find a new location.
Hooters is Hooters... so I didn't expect much coming in here. However, our server was very friendly and she pointed out several food specials which saved us a few bucks. Anyway, I come here about once a year just for the buffalo shrimp - which they still butterfly at the downtown Tempe location (much tastier). We also tried the shrimp po boy which was more than enough to feed two.
Swirls is the best cook ever!
Love this Hooters...always a good crowd and friendly staff!
Terrible service, waited 20 mins between wings with waitresses standing around. It is slow there are barely any people here. This is ridiculous!!!! This has happened 4 weeks in a row... I do not recommend coming here if you are hungry. Drive to a different one and in sure you'll get better service.
Okay, so the service isn't that great.  And okay the chicken wings are just so-so (I love the breaded 911 wings, so I like the wings, just seems many of my friends don't.  All that squacking aside, you still can't beat the location of Tempe Hooters, or the spirit and energy of the local peeps.  Are the girls the hottest of all Hooters girls no, but you still can't beat the whole thing all put together.  It's a good time.  When you are done, go up one floor to the rooftop and check that out.  Tell em Attorney Steve sent ya!
Went in on Wednesday for Wingsday and I do like Hooters and their wings... 
This location has a ton of young pretty girls and most of them are very nice
Our server was great but a bit slow
I'm sure some guys don't mind that but I was hungry and a little impatient
We ordered and our food arrived pretty quickly
The place was getting packed at this time
I ordered a Beer but after going to look for it, she came back and told me they didn't have it
OK
I ordered a Blue Moon and waited about 15 minutes to get it...
We also had to ask for forks and plates
Our experience was not bad at all and it's what we pretty much expected
Our server was very nice
One of the worst Hooters locations I've ever been to. We came the day of the Buffalo Wild Wings Bowl (2012) to watch games and waited 45 minutes (nothing wrong with that, lots of fans in town). Once we were sat it took 15 minutes to get two ice teas and order our burgers. 

After 30 minutes our burgers were nowhere to be seen and our server hadn't returned to check on us even once. We grabbed another server and ask to check on our meal. She came back with two burgers (which were prepared wrong), dropped them on our table and walked away. They were cold. Literally cold. 

I walked over to the counter and asked the manager to come by and look at our meal. He was very frustrated. You could tell that he was in a bad position and his staff were sub par, at best. He promised to have new burgers - cooked properly - within five minutes. We were sitting in a small table right in front of the counter and saw them come up within minutes. 

It took our server 15 minutes to even look for them, hence they were cold again. We showed the manager, asked to leave and he granted it. Hence, after nearly 1:30 we hadn't eaten a bite and went somewhere else. Brutal service and a core group of girls who didn't seem to care, period.
I went to wing Wednesday which is all-you-can-eat wings for $12.99and even though they raise the prices it's still really great deal. You can eat as many wings you want to get all the different flavors and have a good time enjoying the atmosphere. The girls are smoking hot! All the types of sauces are awesome! And I had at least 25 wings in one sitting. I would definitely go again just not every Wednesday maybe once a month.
Didnt even get to eat. After waiting a few minutes in a dead restaurant to be seated we were sat on the patio and left for 6-7 minutes so I decided we would eat somewhere else. When I was leaving at least three people attentively said goodbye... I normally like their wings but this was not a good experience for me.
Good view from the upstairs. Came on a Friday night and it was dead. The Service was below average.
Service was crap, manager guy was kind of an asshole, food was expensive and quality was low.
I really liked this hooters. i am visiting, and the hooters from my town isn't that great. Hot girls and decent priced beer. I plan to go back before I leave.
I see this place has a bad rap, and I'm not quite sure why. I mean, it's Hooters, or bar food served by eye candy. 

Now I've been to a few Hooters over the years, and if you're going for the eye candy, this is probably one of the better ones. The wings, meh, I wasn't expecting them to be great, but they were okay.

I originally sat outside at a table overlooking Mill Avenue, but quickly realized this was not the place to sit if I was expecting speedy service, so I moved to the bar, where that's almost always a guarantee. From that point on, it was a pleasant experience. My server was friendly, but not fake, and the wings, well, you go into a Burger King, don't be expecting In-N-Out quality burgers. 

In the end, I left full, and didn't regret eating here.
They need to start upgrading the size of their wings. Went in several times and ordered their wings but they are so small that it only took a couple bites and we were done.
B Dub is hooterific.  I love me some chicken wings.  I don't care how many chickens died for my chicken eating that night, but it was a bloodbath...not literally the chicken was well cooked.

They got about 438 types of sauce, all terrific and some that burned my stomach till it hurted.  I here its a chain, but its not in SF, so I'm bummed.  

4 stars for making me gain 5 lbs by eating 42 wings in an hour.  Take that Kobayashi!
Buffalo wild wangs is absolutely awesome!  the last time I ate at this place was during labor day weekend 2005 but the taste remains fresh in my mind.  I hear that they don't make the captain morgan sauce anymore but man, the wings here are just to die for.  Yes patrick, I wish they had this chain in the bay area too.  Let's write them a letter!
With over a dozen sauces to choose from for your chicken wings....the problem is what to choose?  The waitress was very accomodating and gave us samples of many of the sauces.  An added BONUS to this particular restaurant is the 24/7 hours of operation.  Although I may never be there in the wee hours of the morning, it is nice to know when I am in the area, there is an awesome place for buffalo wings.  We ordered 18 wings with Medium, Asian Zing, Caribbean Jerk, and Parmesan Garlic assortment of sauces.  Also my friend also ordered the "Buffalito Tacos" with her choice of any sauce, but she chose the standard BBQ sauce.  Granted we both ordered water for our drinks, the cost of everything including tip was below $25 for two....NOT BAD!  If you are fan of buffalo wings like I am.....you will enjoy Buffalo Wild Wings whichever restaurant you choose.  I can't wait to go again!

(Sidenote:  I  found out from the waitress that Buffalo Wild Wings is a large franchise chain that still has to creep into the Orange County area.  Until then, the Chino Hills or Rancho Cucamonga area will have to do.  But for this review, I reviewed the Montecito-North Las Vegas restaurant.)
Before we moved to Vegas, BWW's was one of our fave places to go sit, eat, drink, and play super fun trivia. We were soo excited to see one so close to our home. Unfortunately this Bdub's has the worst service I've every had in any resturaunt. We tried this location three times...Not on one, but TWO occasions in an almost empty resturaunt  I had to get up and get our order after we watched it sit in a window under the heat lamps for around 20 minutes without a single server in sight... On our last visit after waiting for a half hour for the server to bring our check just to dissapear into thin air again, after another 20 or so minutes we paid our bill with the bartender and left... After we were out the door our waitress suddenly appeared and yelled that we forgot to leave her tip at the bar... SERIOUSLY.. So as sad as we were we admitted defeat and our wing cravings will have to fufilled somewhere further from home.
This used to be my favorite place to hang out with friends and eat bar food and drink and watch games.. man i put alot of time into this place...  but after going for about half a year the bartenders never once got to know us or even attempt to hook us up with drinks.. I recommend the one on Craig road where I used to live though, those guys know how to take care of people
mango habenero wings! yummmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!! by far this place is my fav chicken stop, and its open late night!
Great food and great service. A few times we have even been there late, after 11pm, and the service and food was still fantastic.
Free wireless and their sports bar are what lured us to this 24-hour neighborhood joint in Centennial Hills.  

Great place to watch games.....and the only place nearby where I could watch NHL playoffs.  With 18 screens around the bar, and 22 monitors in the dining room area, I had the pleasure of watching some NBA and UFC as well.  They even have two more monitors in the mens bathroom (over the urinals), so I never would miss a goal or powerplay.  Not sure if there were screens inside the women's, but I wouldn't be surprised if they did!

After a few visits, I've become a fan of their bar food as well.  With 14 "smilin to screamin" different sauces, we've only had four so far.   Their boneless wings were satisfying with their medium sauce.  But their honey BBQ sauce made their ribs and wings combo better than average.  Our last visit involved their mango habanero sauce on their tender, juicy ribs and perfectly cooked wings.  This screamin sauce (third from their hottest) had a nice flavor and kick to it.  Their hot BBQ sauce went well with the pulled pork slammers.  The pork was a little dry but full of flavor.
For desserts, we've had the chocolate cake and cinnamon bites, which I highly recommend after the spices.  Both were served with ice cream, and were very refreshing.   

This place is as good as it gets with excellent service, great atmosphere, and phenomenal food!
I love BWW in general. Good wings with delicious sauces: Spicy Garlic, Hot BBQ, Garlic Parmesan, and Asian Zing are so good! Now they have some delicious dry rub seasonings as well, I like the Desert Heat. 
Service can be not great at this location in particular, but the recently remodeled, added a lot of draft beers, and it looks like they are trying to do the right things.
I enjoy coming here for the FREE WiFi, food, & beer.  This particular location is the closest BWW to my house, so I frequent it the most.

Today I went for the Sampler.....Nachos, Cheese Sticks, Boneless Wings, and Onion Rings....yeah baby!  I thought the sampler was excellent, except the Nachos which were just OK in my book.  I'm not a huge fan of their Cheese/Chili combo on the Nachos.

Washed it down with an Apricot Wheat beer....went for the Ranger IPA next and then the other IPA they have on tap to end the day.

The place isn't too busy in the middle of the day, so it was nice to have most of the bar area to myself.  The server was awesome and very helpful.

Will I return?  Of course...I will be here often.
Your typical BWW that you would get anywhere else.  The only downside to this place is eating in the dining room.  Servers are on point but for some reason the food hits the seating area slower than the bar area.  And if your order was the first to go in, be prepared for room temperature wings.

The bar is great with awesome bartenders and cheap drinks.  All in all, a fun place to watch some games and have some wings.
I personally like this place for many reasons, and I'm speaking for all locations.  Food is good and reasonable priced, service can be inconsistent but its never been bad!  There are TV's everywhere so if you there for a game or just for dinner there is always something on to watch.  They have cool game consoles for trivia games to play if your bored, and last time I was there I saw some kids consoles that looked fun to keep kids attention for awhile.  Overall I always know what I'm getting when I go to a BWW!!!
I love coming here when the UNLV Runnin' Rebels are playing away games. Gather round some great wings and burgers with friends. The food really is better than you would expext everytime. Can't beat this atmosphere!
I'm a dude.  So that means a few things.  I like beer, sports, and bar food which includes wings.  Well B-dubs has all three.  I know other places have the same stuff, but not like this place.  We are talking about over a dozen t.v.s with every possible sport you can imagine playing.  The food is good enough the staff is great.  Always a chill crowd of peeps.  I have literally entered this place at 5 p.m. and left at 5 a.m.   I love it!  Whenever I am in a mood to have  a drunk but chill night you can find me here.
So this is the closest BWW to my house so I've been here several times,  if I'm not at the sports book, or Ale House.  The staff is friendly and the food is good and for the most part everything you would expect from a sports bar, I think that's why it only gets 3 stars, there is nothing that jumps out and makes it better than the other places.  Not to say I don't like the place, but there are several places I would rather go before I go here.
This used to be my old neighborhood location, so I've grown fond of it.  The only problem is the size.  It gets pretty cramped during gamedays, so if you don't get in early, don't bother.
I had a blast at Buffalo Wild Wings.  The place has giant televisions tuned to sports everywhere and the fun and addictive "blue crack" trivia game.  The wings are crispy and come in quite a few varieties.  I love the fact that they have self serve soft drinks.
It's near my house and 24/7 but not somewhere I'd go out of my way for. 

I've had the mini corn dogs which were pretty good. I enjoy the buffalo chips which are oval fries and not chips like I originally thought. 

Came again on a Thurs. for a snack. It was 60 cent boneless wings night so decided to give it a go. The breading was a bit too crispy for my BF, but it didn't bother me too much. If you let certain ones sit though, it gets significantly soggy/stale in a short amount of time so I would say small batches are best. Favorite sauce so far is the Asian Zing in flavor and it doesn't sog up the tender that much.. 

Most of the time it's pretty chill here but the last visit it was just kinda janky with all the kids hanging out here and then some started up fights in BWW and I thought a girl fight was gonna happen. When the 11pm kick all under 21 hit, they sat in the parking lot blaring music out of cars to where I can feel our booth vibrating. It was just very odd. Though staff can only do so much, they should at least say something.

It's by my house so I'll be back for late night snacks. I'm curious to try all the different sauces.
Love their selection of wing sauces; but, the wings are quite small.  Throw Buffalo Wild Wings sauces on some decent sized wings and we've got a winner here!  Pretty darn expensive as well.  I just spent nearly $70 on drinks and 24 wings for two - on discount wing night!  

Still, though, the place has a decent vibe particularly for watching games whether it be basketball or football.  Not somewhere I'm going to frequent on a regular basis, though.  Just too pricey for the product that ya get.
Tuesday nights are the busiest but the best night to come here as it is .45 cent wings night. Try their dry rub style wings and one of my favorites is the Salt and Vinegar and for wet style the Asian Zing. Mango Habanero is good too if you can stand the heat. the servers are great for the most part but prepare to wait on a Tuesday night.
Best bartenders and happy hour (new menu!) on this side of town.
Best place to go for a beer,  wings or to watch sports.
Good wings. The atmoshere was friendly and they have a lot of TV's to watch games on.
BONELESS WING NIGHT....I think so!!!
45 cent wings on tuesdays???yes please!!!! Salt and vinegar is my favorite for the dry wings, and Garlic Parm and Asian Zing for the wet. Mango Habanero used to be  another one of our selections, but lately, we can't even finish the order. They must've jacked up the Habanero and put less mango,.....Hmmmmmmmm....ALOHA!!!

(YELP 365 CHALLENGE-38/365) "Buffaloes have wings!?!?"
There really isn't anything better than wings!! We were here for a quick dinner. The chicken wings were like they always are when we come here. Great! We also ordered the onion rings. Very greasy and soggy. Other than the fact it took an amazingly long time to get our order the waiter was consistently refreshing our water. Not really the place for a quite date, but a good place to eat some wings and watch one of the many huge TV screens.
The wings are good here and always love getting the habanero mango, but the service the last time I went here was horrible, server was a bitch from the beginning and ruined the experience at this location, the manager didn't seem to care when we complained too.
Being away for six months I missed a few places, and on top of my list was bww.  Not just any bww, but this one.  I have been to a few and they don't compare to "my" bww.  So when I came home and finally walked in I knew I was now officially home.  I love bww but this location is my favorite by far.  I think it's the consistency of the food and service also the bar area is much larger than others I have been too.  The truth is out of all the glitz and fancy bars on the strip and locally for me this place will always be my first choice.
I used to live just around the corner from this place and it was great!  The wings of course are amazing and the other sandwiches are also very tasty.  The free wifi was also a great perk since I am going to school online.  I would sit in the bar and the waitresses were always so friendly and patient with me since I would sit there for awhile.  They continually topped off my drink and would sit and talk if I started talking with them.  I would recommend it for everyone.  Great place to take a date since its casual, great for families since there are lots of TVs and games.
Good wings. 45 cent wings on Tuesday. Thats my deal.
I used to hate wings, anywhere. I LOVE them now. I love that there are so many different types here. The best thing here too, if they're not too busy, they will grill them for you.... but please tip the cooks. They'll love you for it and it takes more work and time. Service is usually pretty good, but the bartenders know my boyfriend and I. 
I like to splurge 1-2 days of the week and I try to stay really healthy with my diet the rest of the week. This is one of my favorite "eat my heart" out places, or " eat because I'm so drunk ". But I don't drive, I promise.

The best wings there in my opinion -
Mango Habenero
Parmasen Garlic
Sweet BBQ 
Wild

They usually have a few really good IPA's on tap too. Dead Guy is my favorite. 

For appetizers...eh. They're average like most places. The breaded mushrooms are good, but that's about it. 

The downside - Their ranch and bluecheese dressing is just on the okay side. I think they need to revamp that.
The service is always good, I have never really been a fan of the food. Its nice cause its smoke free.
How do you screw up buffalo wings?? I didn't know it was possible.  I am a huge fan of BWW, as evident from how often I check in to the one by my place.  When I was on this side of town, I stopped into the Centennial location and left disappointed.  Server was incredibly nice and the company was good but the wings came out cold and not very tasty.  And I kept thinking my beer tasted like soap.  But sometimes I am weird like that. 

BWW is usually pretty consistent and this location was a blemish on its good name.  Definitely check out a BWW, just not this one.
Came in here this week for wing tuesday! I love Buffalo wild wings, but I absoluetly hate this location! Every time I come into this location my service is terrible!!!! This tuesday we sat at the bar, the bartender got my drink and then I no longer exsisted in his world! I tried to get his attention to order and the girl behind the bar ended up taking my order. She must not liked the way I tried getting the guys attention because she immediately seemed annoyed. If she thought her attitude went unnoticed it didn't! Our food came out as ordered but that was the extent of our service! We had to ask for our check and she never came back to cash us out. 

Buffalo Wild Wings is usually my choice of guilty pleasures when i'm on a cheat day and when I come in looking forward to this only to receive the worst service each time is so dissapointing!
my gf and i are avid bww patrons, i'd say every weekend we partake, however lately we've been experiencing a lot of problems with their pick-up / carry-out service which we often place orders through.

fairly recently we've been having issues with them getting the order right.  typically they forget utensils, missing orders of celery and / or ranch, give us the wrong flavor, etc - but the line was drawn for us when we placed a 24pc wing order only to see that there were 12 wings in a 24pc box and the other half of the order was not included after coming home, relaxing in front of the tv and getting ready to eat.

never had we really experienced a problem with dining in (with the exception of the occasional lag of service when it's a little crowded) but all of these mistakes with carry-out has started to rub us the wrong way.

when picking up an order, always always ALWAYS double-check right in front of them.
I have been here twice for the food and wasn't impressed either time. I wouldn't suggest this place to anyone.
Poor customer service.  Manager just stands around instead of helping staff.  He stayed towards the back and did not check the front for customers. Lots if empty tables and still had to wait for 30 minutes.  Other customers waited for over 40 minutes before they were seated. Was not offered a table right away and was not offered to sit at the bar. Manager did not even go around to ask if service was ok.  For a simple restaurant, manager has no excuse for poor service.  Hostess stated that servers were behind even though at least ten tables were empty.  We should have gotten a table and served us drinks while waiting.
The food is pretty good here, but the service was ok. I got the boneless chicken wings, and I really liked the sauce and seasoning I got (jalapeño and buffalo). They had the perfect amount of heat. The huckleberry limeade I got was really good and refreshing! Even though my sever didn't check up on me, she did bring me another huckleberry limeade without my having to ask.
Although the atmosphere is good like all BWW the food at this particular one is utterly disgusting. The wings are fatty and oil pours out of them when you bite into them. And you have to love the slimy feel of the skin on your lips. YUM!!!  If I was only going for a beer then maybe I would come back but for food there are many fast food restaurants in the area that I would suggest picking from first.
Options, options, options. 

Wet or dry wings, sauce or no sauce, sweet or spicy, and if it's spicy, well then please indicate how spicy you want it... talk about a plethora of wing options to make your head hurt.

Thank goodness they have a neverending wings buffet option because the last thing I really want to do while eating is make hard decisions...  So just bring me every single flavor one order at a time. A great way to discover your options and get your money's worth.

A great place for families. It sounded like a recipe for disaster when we walked in and said, table for 10, and we need 2 highchairs, 2 baby slings, total of 6 kids and 4 adults... But it was good, and we weren't rushed, and our server was nice. Not to mention we had tried every single wing in the joint (no pun intended).

Til we meet again Buffalo Wild Wings...
This place is really more for the beer and wings crowd they pander to. On game night it is always packed, and service is unreasonably slow both at the tables and the bar. 
The last time I was here was with my best friend, who had befriended the bartender and demanded that I tag along and enjoy the drinks that the two of the came up with. Well, us not caring about pop sport culture did not know it was a game night, and so struggled to find seats at the bar. Her friend the bartender took a while to get us our drinks, which was fine since he had to service the whole place. But then came the food fiasco. First, it took fifteen minutes for us to put in our order. Then it took twenty minutes for the order to go through. Which isn't all that bad considering, but the thing was, we only ordered appetizers. I got fried pickles and she got the sampler plate. I was approached by a waiter with two baskets of fried pickles who asked me if I had order some. I said yes, and they gave me a basket. Turns out the people next to us had ordered two baskets of fried pickles. I basically just jacked their pickles.
I didn't know this until much, much, much later when my friend got her plate and they gave me another basket of fried pickles. The bill was only for one as well. I seriously hope those people didn't end up paying for two.
Overall their burgers and wings aren't excellent, it's really the sauce and fifty TVs they have there that keep people coming.
I only go to a BW3 if a friend insists.

They have Happy hour beer prices and some happy hour food offerings.  We happened to be there on 60¢ wing night.  We asked for the wings extra crispy and they were.

I am pretty sure they charged extra for ranch and blue cheese - which that is cheesy!  We had an order of 20 wings and we got a tiny plastic cup of ranch and 1 tiny cup of blue cheese.  

The happy hour special were mini corn dogs, chili con queso dip (that's chili and chese dip) and onion rings.  I do enjoy greasy bar food, but  I could have done better at 7-11.  

With the happy hour prices you really are just paying fair prices.  Basically, you get a discount on there overly inflated prices.

Hats off to the BW3's marketing and advertising team.  You are able to fill up a huge restaurant serving shitty overpriced food with bad service in a down economy. 

They get one extra star for the variety of sports on TV's everywhere.
Food is great but service is subpar. Colby at the bar is awesome, but while the other servers are nice the service is unbelievably slow, every time, without fail. I still frequent this bar because I can't stay away from the mango habanero wings, but they really need to work on the service side of things. 

Also, takeout is a no go. I've ordered food to go a few times and every time something is wrong. For instance, I ordered takeout two nights ago  and my husband's chicken fingers came out plain but were supposed to be mild. We also ordered mini corn dogs with regular mustard instead of the honey mustard but that came out wrong as well. Always check your food before you leave the restaurant!
Every other time I go in there something happens to the order. Tonight I went in there with 3 other people and after sitting there for 40 minutes the waitress tells us there was a mix up and our food will be right up. Of course it came up 5 minutes later and everything was ice cold. Then i tell the waitress we dont even want the food at this point and she says she will send the manager over which took another 5 minutes. We didnt pay for anything and left which was fine but Ive also had a similar experience going in there in the middle of the day when we were the only people in the place. Cookings wings isnt rocket science and this BWW is now equally as bad as the one on Craig. I guess I will try the Galleria Mall location if I want to go to one again.
Typical buffalo wild wings. Good happy hour deals $3 drinks and appetizers. Good wings. They have deals on traditional wings on Tuesdays and on boneless on Thursdays. I love the desert heat wing seasoning it's the best.
The only reason to come here would to be for the chicken wings. That's the only thing these people possibly can't screw up.

I got the chicken quesedilla one time, trying to be adventurous, and it was gross. Chicken in it had a weird texture, and whatever sauce they put in it tastes like vomit. And the tortilla was soggy.

I went here with a friend of mine and her little sister yesterday. The waitress was nice at first, but for some reason wanted to get irritated over the fact that we added something to our order. I don't see why she was a rush to get us out the door, the place was completely empty, save the bar area, and she was acting like we were a burden of great means. She wasn't even the one that brought out the rest of our order, and we waited 45 minutes for her to decide to come back over to our table again with check (and no, she wasn't busy, she was standing at the cashier, staring out the window. No tip for you pukebag!)

The wings are pretty good though, most of the sauces I have tried have been pretty awesome too, but the highest in hotness I've gone has only been Caribbean Jerk. Not a big fan over super spicy, but I'm sure they're just as good as the other ones. 

The cool thing about this place is that it's a great place to watch the game, or any sort of sport really, they got big tvs, little tvs, medium tvs, tvs, tvs, tvs everywhere, and they're not all on one channel so you're not forced to watch baseball, but can in fact observe the UFC fight on the tv next to it. Pretty cool

I used to come here all the time with a friend and drink at the bar, Colby is an awesome bartender and makes me the frilliest, faggoty drinks I can possibly request. He's always nice and puts up with mine and everyone elses drunken asshattery whenever we're there. Would of sat up there this time around had it not been for my friend having her little sister.
Buffalo Wild Wings, B-Dubs or BWW how ever you say it all means the same!  

Buffalo Wild Wings always delivers!  The food is always pretty consistent and the service most of the time is pretty good.  This time though I have to send a shout out our server Christina.  We have had her several times.  She remembers us even though we don't come in that often.  She is so cute with a great personality.  She always offers suggestions and displays an over and beyond attitude no matter how busy she is.  She even got the BF hooked on the LA Water.  *its one of the bartender's specialties not on the menu.  Be sure to order one. Its tasty and leaves ya loopy. LOL

We ordered the pretzels with the spicy honey mustard and queso.  The queso is not that great but I do love the mustard.  The pretzels are soft on the inside...always delicious.  BF ordered the traditional wings (6 mild sauce and 6 with desert heat rub).  The desert heat rub is really good.  We have actually bought the rub for grillin at home.  Its a little on the spicy side so I wouldn't suggest it for the fragile peeps.  I ordered the naked tenders (naked tenders are grilled white meat strips and not fried) tossed in the desert heat and they were good as always.  I ordered with Caribbean Jerk on the side with Fat Free Ranch.  The Jerk sauce is pretty spicy but it is by far my fave!  We also ordered the wedges to share.  Those are yummy dipped in any kind of sauce.

Lagundo brought our food out.  Lagundo, Gondo, G or God's Gift to B-Dubs is how he introduced himself when we asked his name. LOL  Each time this guy has come to our table he is one of the most pleasant, smily, kind hearted young people I have ever come across.  I was astonished to find out he was only 17.  I had to mention to him how pleasant we thought he was each time we go there and that we thought he really has a special quality in customer service. This guy really has a presence about him.  What a great quality to have at such a young age.  I hope his manager notices what a benefit he is and could be! 

What can I say? We are total suckers for excellent service and in this city and this day in age it comes few and far between unfortunately.  So shout outs to SUPERB CUSTOMER SERVICE is necessary to Yelp I believe  Christina and Lagundo will be the deciding factor on our quick return back for sure....and the food a quick second factor or course.
My boyfriend and I live right around the corner from this place and for some reason we never come here. But tonight we decided to have our bi-monthly date night here. 

We came in during the dinner time rush. The food was pretty good as always but the reason I'm writing this review is because our waitress, Samantha, was super awesome and provided us the best service we've had at a restaurant in a long time. I used to be a waitress and I can always tell when the wait staff if working their asses off. She was doing just that and still made time to keep checking up on us, talk to us for a bit about hockey (go Sharks!), making sure we were happy with our meals, bringing extra sauces and generally going above and beyond even though the restaurant was crazy busy. I always appreciate good service and she was definitely working hard to provide it, and made our experience here tonight great. We were both impressed and will be back more often.
This is one of the few chain restaurants that I enjoy coming to on a semi-regular basis. I tend to stick with the classics -- traditional wings and beer. However, there's something in the Wild sauce that's simply addicting. Kind of a legal crack. Show up on Tuesday and it's really budget friendly. Like all big chains, they have constant turnover in staff and some visits are better than others, but I've certainly had more 'betters' than 'others' over the years. But let's be honest, it's wings and draft beer, not haute cuisine and I keep coming back.
Fried pickles!  Yum!

The mild wings were tasty and mild enough for my children to eat.  They had a nice selection of beer on tap.  Will come back for beer one day.
I'll take a systematic approach here:

Clean..friendly atmosphere.
Service: Could use some improvement. Took the server 20 minutes before coming over to our table to take our order.
A little slow with the drink. 15 minutes before our alcoholic beverages were serve. 
Another 20 minutes before food is brought out.

Total time from being seated and eating: approximately 55 minutes. Lets just call it an hour.

Fries: A little soggy.
Wings: Acceptable,. Nothing out of the ordinary.

Overall, I've had a better experience at other BWW..... 


The only thing that saved it from getting a 2-star: Good wings.


Cheers
great place... ask colby for some of his drink idea's
The boneless wings though tasty were all batter. I picked most of it off. The burger looks amazing and was huge. Could be a little more well lit during the day but the staff was wonderful and the food was pretty good.
9/14/13 Fight Night. Fire violations, you bet! Bad service! oh yeah! Or, Should I start with the people that brought in patio chairs?? Or....,.(yes, as in camping chairs) OR, better yet....should I begin with the people sitting on the floor in front of one of the entrance doors eating wings picnic style?. I am dead serious people.  There's nothing pretty about what I am about to share.  You can't make this stuff up. It's THAT bad!!  I am still reeling from the experience and I am not sure how much energy I have to go into details.  However, I feel an obligation to share this hair-raising (and just plain awful) adventure. Here's the deal.  I called on Friday to find out if they were playing the fight. "No, we do not take any reservations. It's first come fist serve."  "So even if I have a big group? "No, we do not reserve tables at all."  What time can I come in and be "first" ?  "Any. Then you are "first" come first serve for a table. Great. We got there Sat., 4:45 pm and walked into the non-organized nightmare.  A long line just to get on the list. So as I asked the lady at the pulpit, while my husband stood, committed to the big line, I was told about the list they were making was for the dining room. Where at the time I was standing there, was full and she said would be cleared by 6:00 to start their STADUIM SEATING. The list is how they are seating the room.  Then, goes on, "But, the bar was open seating, no wait over there, no list. Sit where you want.  Great...My husband got out of the line and we went over to the bar area. Not a great idea. There was 8 or so people scattered about but on every single seating area had these cheezy dirty signs that said, "RESERVED FOR FIGHT".  Huh? So, Each employee gave a different story.  "Contest winners" , "People who reserved a table", "Overflow from the dining room." , "Gaming customers."  We were told not ONE seat was available - ALL SEATS ARE RESERVED. Okay, back to the line. (Yes, the one we got out of).  After telling the 3 girls at the pulpit they were shocked and didn't know this. One even went over to ask. She never came back. We ended up 59 or so on the "List" after getting out of line to get back in line. No mercy. They said, "Oh, don't worry, we are clearing this place out empty."  We asked if we could get a drink to wait. Sure. Okay, back to the bar because they told us, "You wouldn't be able to sit in the dining room unless we were there JUST TO EAT - NOT TO WATCH THE FIGHT. (seriously, I swear this was out of the Managers mouth).  What? Wait. Yes,  I am here to eat... Huh?  Okay, sitting at the (almost empty except for these signs) bar order beers and chat up the girls next to us.  They were not contest winners and didn't make any reservations and they were sitting there. (And ended up sitting there the rest of the night with no hassel).... This is getting long but I swear this happened.... Well, at 6 - They only told 3 or 4 tables in the dining room to get up. People were pissed. They said, "They are just eating." People who walked right in sat down at empty tables that they just told people to get up. And the servers didn't know who sat down where. No contest winners showed-up at the bar. (We asked) But, were told it was going to be "overflow' that never happened, because after raging and them offering us a bench seat to sit on with 4 other people, (yes, no table, a bench)  we went back to the bar where we had been drinking earlier (and were told to clear out because we followed directions ). We then got gutsy and moved the 'RESERVED FOR FIGHT' sign and had to endure a FIRE DEPT VIOLATION OF TOO MANY PEOPLE. and BABIES on the floor with food and lawn chairs and chaos. There was no way they had any order to the situation! The topper to this is - The girl we sat next to at the bar the rest of the night- Came in to "reserve" her place at the bar just by asking the night before. She doesn't gamble. !!  So crazy.  Complete lack of any type of service here. None. No customer service. No organized service. No Managerial service. No communication service. They do not give a flying rip about any type of loyalty or even level F type of  business service. barely a half ass trying. I have never in my life seen such a joke of a place.  Do not go here during an event of any kind. It will turn into a night you wish you stayed home and scrubbed grout instead.
Wish they would quit changing how you order.  First they took away "trashing" the wings and now you order different number sets and also have to come up with a time you want them cooked.  Why fix what aint broke?

Food was good and great server Stephanie - thank you.
I'm just not a huge fan of any of their food.  It's ok if you want to sit in the bar, watch sports, drink beer and play trivia!
Bw3 is a chain so I'm not going to comment on the food. It's wings. But a few comments:

Positives: a non-smoking bar! In Las Vegas! Also, generally able to accommodate game requests since there are so many TVs.

Negative: the servers are typically on their game, but if you sit at the bar there's a 50-50 chance you'll be served (or even greeted for that matter) in a timely manner.

I wouldn't say "go somewhere else"...it's a good sports bar. Just don't have high expectations.
I love me some B-Dubs but this location is just meh.  Been to this location a few times but I've found that the service is hit or miss.  Sometimes it seems that it takes FOR-EV-ERRRR (if you're a 90's kid like me, you read that like Squints from the Sandlot) to get something from the waiters/waitresses.  I swear, one time, we had to ask 3 different people to get us some silverware because the people we asked before never gave us any.  The same thing happened when we asked for ranch.  Then we ended up getting ranch from a bunch of different people like 15 minutes after we asked for it.  Kind of annoying.

If you come at dinner time, there always seems to be a long wait.  Like at least 30 mins...but there always seems to be a bunch of tables open.  Hmmm..not sure what's up with that but whatever.  My husband and I try to just head over to the bar area to see if we can find some open seats or tables so we don't have to wait.  We have always found a spot to sit there so far, so, if you're over 21, head to the bar instead as that seems to be the quicker option.

As far as the food, I love their queso chili fries!  So addicting!  I usually order the boneless wings with medium sauce or the buffalo ranch chicken wrap.  I like both although I wish they would melt the cheese in the wrap.  The cheese is always cold so it's a little weird.  Doesn't taste bad, just would be better with cheese that didn't come right out of the fridge.
The host was really nice. I couldn't see his name on his shirt, but he was very helpful. Our server Emily was great! Very helpful and attentive!!!! The other server who's name we didn't get either was great as well! SHOUTOUT to the whole staff! You guys are all always great! Thank you so much!
If I have to yell my order to the server less than 2 feet away from me, YOUR MUSIC IS TOO LOUD.
The basis for the three stars in this case is the happy hour and Thursday specials.  Generally I think Buffalo Wild Wings aka BW3 (although the T-Mobile salesman pointed out to me that no one  calls it that anymore) is well OK, not great, but I would normally put this in the "meh" category as I feel like they are over priced for what you get on any day but for their specials. Normally, they charge extra for extra ranch/blue cheese and carrots/celery - really? Always a pet peeve, it costs them mere cents so they should just give it to the customer for free and factor that in to their already high mark up for wings. OK off my soap box - Thursday night - 60 cent boneless wing night (mini chicken fingers). For 60 cents I can justify paying 60 cents to get blue cheese. The mini chicken fingers were small but crisp, my only complaint was that they didn't toss them in the sauce that well so only have of each mini chicken finger (MCF) was coated. I got medium heat - which was plenty 'o' heat for me. Also, ordered the Chili Con Queso with chips for $3 on happy hour and the onion rings. Onion rings were super hot (in temperature) the chili con queso I wouldn't order again, I realize it was only $3 but it was just a small cup of the nacho cheese you can get in a can with a small dollop of their house bean chili on top - "meh".  Anyway, happy hour goes until 6 (I think) with $3 app specials and $3 domestic drafts and several $3 spirit drinks (Jack and Coke, Absolut etc). They have the normal bar fare on the $3 happy hour list - fried mozz, chips & salsa, onion rings, chili con queso and a couple of others. But for $3 you can't really beat it. It was plenty loud in there but I assume it was busier because of 60 cent wing night and if you want to see a lot of sports TV and not be in a sports book then this is a good alternative.
I always enjoy making my way down to Bdubs; it's probably one of my favorite places to go eat wings! Naturally, everyone has their favorite flavors, but mine have to be lemon pepper, honey BBQ & hot wings :) sometimes they do end up putting too much spice though.. 

I don't really recommend any other food here than chicken, alcohol, and flavored fries! The rest is really just sub-par.

They're open 24 hours a day at the bar, and thank god, because all those crazy, sport-loving people need somewhere to watch tv. For the kids (well, and adults too!), they have a quiz game that you can play on your phone or ask for one of their machine thingys. 

BWW is always just a really good place to chill and have a beer. Does it have the best food? No. But you can still have a damn good time scarfing good chicken down your throat!
Absolutely amazing food, incredibly nice people, we went 20 min before the dining are closed not knowing, they told us that we could not eat there because its about to close and the bar was the only thing open, we are not 21 (my girlfriend and i). I not being in a good mood let them know that their sign says that we can eat in the dining area because its still open so they can not tell us no. After a few minutes of discussion we went in, ate , and loved it.
What the heck happened to bdubbs man?!
I've been going to this chain for YEARS. Not just this location ALL locations. At one point they were my favorite place to eat. I'm a chicken loving kind of a girl so it made sense. The past 4 times I went to bdubbs... All different locations .... It's the same ol COLD wings. Doesn't matter if I dine in or order to go the wings always come out cold. Cold fries. I thought it was just one bad day at first so I let it go, but now EVERY TIME I have to ask for it to be re-cooked or re-heat it myself if I am at home. That's sad.

Other than the cold food of all locations this SPECIFIC location really just sucks, especially if you order takeout. First of all, it won't be ready when they say it will. Second of all, don't order too much or they'll forget something. 

2 stars only because it's still Buffalo Wild Wings ... My ex-favorite place to eat . Idk I guess I keep hoping they'll figure this crap out and go back to the good place it once was.      :(
Good chicken, great flavors...it's what's to be expected at BWW. This location is good for a nice family getaway. Not as busy as other locations which is a plus and the staff is very helpful. Caribbean Jerk is a must, and the new flavor (Desert Heat) is a nice addition also. Keep up the good work!
At least twice a week I have to eat my spice wings .First time I came to this place on N Durango .Very poor service .The waiters pass around you and do not even talk with me .As always great food .But this time the most poor service I received.For sure this place I do not come back.
Beer, chicken, tv and to-go!

There's not much more I can say about "Bdubs" than all your favorites wrapped into one.

Wings, fries and FRIED PICKLES!

Consistent service, great food and beer selection gives them give stars!
Try the reverse happy hour.  Great drink specials and appetizers are half off.  Monday through Friday 10 PM to 6 AM.  The wings are consistent but the chili con Queso is awesome.
We have never had a bad experience here. Great wings, ice cold beer, and fantastic staff.  Much better than other BWs we have been to.
The food is good! Though the chairs are not too comfortable if you stay on the booth the people pass by a lot! Suggest not to stay on the side if you really want to watch the game and not get dizzy!
Food is just ok. it is typical bar food and the wings are sub par. There is way better in town. The cheese sauce and nachos have a weird taste to them.  Way too sweet for me. One positive...the BEER is always cold!  I love their seasonal choices. My favorite during this time of year is the Leinenkugel Summer Shandy.
i've worked in the service industry for over a combined 10 years. i've never been told that i couldn't seat and eat at a table in a bar that servers food because i was only 20. last i knew, if you served food and had tables you could serve guests under 21. it's the same as a restaurant that servers beer. long as you're not a a bar and ordering food, you're ok. so for me to come in with my girlfriend and be denied service because she was 20 and me being over 21. we sat at a table, both ordered water to drink. you might want to put up a sign, no one under 21 after 11pm since your dining room closes then.
Always dirty floors. When you walk in it can take up to 10min before you are greeted. For my experience it is rare to even have a greeter at the front. Also to top it off once you finally get service in this dingy place they get orders wrong, cold wings just overall horrible. I would recommend wings stop, bdubs used to be my favorite
I usually love this place and order take away almost every Sunday, but their new quantity ordering has gone downhill.  You used to be able to order a certain number of wings, now you order a size with a "minimum number", at an inflated price.  I ordered a large order (minimum 20 wings) split between two flavors and didn't count them.  When I got home I realized I had 15 wings, one or two I can understand, but a 25% reduction?  Nope, not worth it.  I may be back, but I hope you are not behind us in the takeout line, as I will be counting every box of wings.
I LOVE THESE WINGS!!! 30-something different flavors!!!!!

I have dined here 6 times now and every time I have really enjoyed all the food. I have actually turned 5 different people into regulars at this joint, just by taking them there once. 

We always start out with the garlic-parmesan fries. Pure artery clogging goodness. I actually feel my blood thicken as I eat them. 

We then usually get the wing sampler which lets you choose 4 different flavors. The wings are jumbo wings not those little pinkie finger sized wings you get at some joints. These babies are more like mini drum sticks. They have flavors ranging from Mild and Sweet to Ridiculously Hot. 

Check this place out if you like excellent flavorful food ( Full menu on their website)....defiantly worth it. Also there are a few locations this one is just the one closest to my house. 

This place gets 5 stars for great service, awesome wings, and a FULL BAR.
31 flavors off wings.  It's like the Baskin-Robbins of chicken.  They have either the sauce covered wings or the dry seasoning.  Some flavors were a hit or a miss.  I've tried the Medium Hurricane Sauce which has the familiar taste of tangy bar wings, Ancho Chile Lime Sauce dry, Firecracker Sauce dry, also not that great, and Smoky Citrus Chipotle which I thought was good.  The garlic parmesian fries weren't anything that I raved about.  The beers were only a $1 on draft because it's the NBA Finals.   They had friendly service, but sometimes forgot about orders when it wasn't that busy.  Just like the flavors of the wings, I believe that this place can be a hit or a miss for people.
The basketball finals are on - we're thinking wings and our ass planted in front of the TV at home.  So, we figure with Hurricane Grill & Wings advertising like mad about their 31 flavors, why not give it a try?

We walk in just as the game is starting and take a look at the menu.  The hard part really is deciding what flavors you want - we went for their Hurricane Wing Flavor Sample for $17.99.  It comes with 24 pieces of their jumbo wings or boneless wings, tossed with four sauces of your choice, celery, and ranch or bleu cheese dressing.

It took about half an hour for our order to go to finally come out.  We weren't the only one waiting though.  A bunch of people had called in their orders, and they weren't particularly pleased with the wait either.

Meanwhile, I'm watching the dynamics of this place - they're trying to train a new girl, but I don't think they are doing a very good job of it.  The bar is REALLY close to where the tables are.  Therefore, if you plan on bringing your kids to this place, watch out for the foul- mouth drunks hanging out at the bar.  Dropping the F bomb every other second can be described as a not family-friendly environment.

The good thing about taking it to go is that they label each box with what flavor you got.  The bad thing is that they don't bother asking if you want ranch or bleu cheese, they just give you the ranch.  And the celery includes four pieces.  Also, we saw someone else get hot sauce for their to go order, so we were sure to ask for some of that too.

Our flavor choices: 

* Sea Salt & Vinegar - We really couldn't taste the whole salt and vinegar concept, just tasted like deep-fried wings. Lacking in overall taste.

* Ancho Chile Lime Sauce - Good flavor with a nice heat as well.

* Habanero Lime Toss - A dry rub - nice heat as well, with a fresh squeeze of lime on top.

* Hurricane's Garlic & Parmesan - Pretty good flavor with the cheese adding the funky smell and taste.

With wings, the BF loves Wing Stop.  My complaint with them is that their wings are too small, good flavor though.  Here - the wings are bigger with more meat and good flavors, if you choose the right ones.  I was dipping my wings in the ranch, bleu cheese, and hot sauce, so maybe there wasn't enough flavor for me.  Sometimes they don't have all the flavors available though as we heard they were out of a few. 

Overall, we'd go back.  But the wait alone sucked and I don't about dining in since the service seemed lacking.  Their Garlic Parmesan Fries ($3.99) look tempting though!
This place just plain sucks.  Bad management and awful service.
Service is generally slow.

Their Jamaican jerk chicken is awful.
I've also gotten weird grisly bites of chicken...

They do have some good flavors, but overall I was un-impressed.

They also have a number of wobbly tables.
My local Heavenly hangout.  With UFC, Football, and wonderful staffing makes Hurricane the ish!!.  Alex, Dan, and the whole crew at Stephanie and Warm springs are not only friendly but make sure that everything is legit and a fun environment. You can mix and match flavors. Try a one of their 3 dry rubs and any sauce that sounds good with it. Habenaro mixed with Thai Ginger is amazing....Hab mixed with Teriyaki is amazing.. Hab mixed with Burbon apple is amazing.... You get where im going.  Burgers are great, and grilled chicken swch, and shrimp are good as well...  The 2 for 1 specials on beer are cool. I wish they had NEWCASTLE ON TAP!!! Wish they had a BIGGER BAR instead of 5 seats that are extremely uncomfortable.  But.. I love the place. And will continue to devour those delicious wings.  Please go back to your old big wings!! screw the tiny buffalo wings.  For anyone who hasnt gone.. GO already!! 31 flavors? pssshh!
Sad to say, the Hurricane near Eastern and Horizon Ridge has closed only a couple months after opening.  Wish I'd had a chance to go there, was always on my to-do list.  I entered three stars because I had to enter something.
Great wings but sad to say they are now closed - looking at the past reviews of slow service, that might have been the reason why.
As my pizza search in Vegas continues, I happen to bump into an old time classic.
Well, it's definitely better than Fox's Pizza Den.
http://www.yelp.com/biz/foxs-pizza-den-las-vegas#hrid:4B-dZaSDj8ZOG1ffIurakg/query:fox%20den
There always seems to be a line of people at the location.  Now the location is on the smallish side and may explain the crowd.  How can people be so willing to settle for chain pizza?  Or maybe I should just realize this pizza is as good as it gets out here.
I still believe I'll find something better and so my search continues.

The first time I ordered from here:
So this place is super close to my buddy's house,but we still call in since we're being lazy asses.  The number we called is out of service so we placed our order online and then called to confirm.  They promised delivery within half an hour but an hour plus passes and still no food.  Maybe we should've just drove there and picked-up food.  Famished and not completed intoxicated we decided to go out to eat.  As we're leaving, the delivery guy is standing at the front door.  Too late to hide.  Dude told us there's something wrong with the phone and offered us a free pizza if we drove by the place around midnight.
Seriously?  We had other plans.
We were going to be up five hundo at midnight.  All-in.  Two seven off suit beeaaatt . . . why are you laughing?  Is that a bad hand?
First, I cannot believe that there is a category specifically for chicken wings.  But I guess there's enough people who love their wings and places that serve them to warrant it.

Second, why is Pizza Hut trying to market this place as a separate entity?  I mean they share the same location, phone number, and workers.  There's no need for the charade.

But the thing is the wings here are pretty good.  I don't know what exactly made them so tasty (I may have been half starved or buzzed or both) but I'll give it to them.  You got your pizza, your brew, and must have the wings to complete the third tier of the ultimate greasy diet. 
Mmmmm grease.

It's too bad it took forever to get delivered.
http://www.yelp.com/biz/pizza-hut-las-vegas-36#hrid:x0l-cp-iYAYHgitAotWURw
This is the worst pizza hut EVER. It took over an hour and a half to have it delivered (the place is literally 5 minutes from my house & i ordered a fight on TV so I didn't want to leave my house to pick it up!) 

So anyways, I ordered a pizza with double mushroom on half of the pizza and when it came, it had maybe like 5 mushrooms on it. lol. And I am a buffalo wing fanatic so of course i ordered extra crispy wings with mild sauce on them. They were completely in-edible. I had one wing and threw the rest out ($15 in the trash). The food was also all pretty much room temperature when I got it.

And the thing that irked me the most was that I was giving the delivery guy a cash tip and I asked if I should put that on the receipt I signed when I payed with a credit card. Can you believe this guy actually tried to trick me into putting down a tip on the credit card on top of his cash tip. lol.

Never ordering from this place again!!!
It's hard to run a Pizza Hut.

It's hard to run a Pizza Hut in this neighborhood.

It's hard to run a Pizza Hut in this neighborhood when you aren't aware of when someone has placed an order online.

it's hard to go back to this Pizza Hut.
Last couple of times we ordered from this locatin as it was close to the house and figured it would be faster.  Wrong!! took over an hour for 1 lg pizza and wings.

food was cold and pizza sucked with little sauce or cheese.  Toppings were rather light too.  Guess they are trying to cut food costs.

Location - Do you really want to buy pizza from a store thats right next to a bikini wax shop?

Bottom Line (pardon the pun) - Look for other options like Marco's Pizza.
Called in my order at 10:30pm on a Saturday night, and I arrived 15 minutes later to two fresh piping hot pizzas with my name on them. The service was fast, the pizza tasted as I expect Pizza Hut pizza to taste, and the staff was friendly when I needed to change my order and while I picked up my order. I will definitely carry out again.

Note, most the complaints are for guests that had delivery, I have no experience with this Pizza Hut and their delivery service
I am so impressed. I've always ordered from this Pizza Hut.. but tonight I ordered a stuff crust with chicken for delivery. It's a Friday night.. my order got here in 30 minutes. My order tasted like it had literally just been removed from the oven.. great service, fast delivery, good food. thanks guys.
ordered on-line Alfredo pizza at 8p and they called to tell me they needed to thaw more out and it would be an hour.  We decided to get the red sauce instead.  After arriving 30 minutes later they claimed out pizza was taken out for a delivery and a new one was in the oven.  waited 10 more minutes.  When we got home the dough was raw.  This is  the 2nd time in 6 months they have messed up our order.  I think domino's can get our business since they seem to get it right.
Surprised, but it actually was good ... yes, Pizza Hut and good. At least at 10:30AM, this is the place to be!
Order ahead of time! We placed our order at 1:45 pm for pick up at 2:45, got there at 2:40, paid my order and the guy said "your pizza will come out soon"... Waited and waited, pizza came out at 3:03!!! And it doesn't feel very hot! Don't know what's up with that... But so hungry did not mind anymore!
It's kind of funny ive never thought about reading or writing a review about Pizza Hut until they ripped me off.

I understand that Pizza Hut is NOT a Real East Coast pizzeria so I really don't expect too much, but the one thing that I do expect from anywhere is to receive what I am charge for. I ordered a Large- One topping pizza for a deal they currently have going on right now and I picked up my order and yes the cashier did ask if everything looked okay? all I see is a pizza with the one topping I asked for. Well I take it home for me in my boyfriend to enjoy. 

The first thing he realized that the pizza is not a Large and in fact it was a medium and not a pan pizza. I called the location and spoke with Brenda who i had also payed with and she stated that "she remember my order and that in fact it was a large " Okay, I order a large and received a medium, and she doesn't remember that... They asked me to drive back to the location to prove it to them. No I will not go back out in this Scorching hot heat and waste my gas to prove it to you. The manager there was rude and very unhelpful... Take a look at my picture and u tell me if that's a large pizza! (I used a breadstick to help you visualize the size of the pizza)

So I know one it was my fault and I should have took a better look at it before leaving but since seeing that Brenda was Employee of the month I didn't sec guess it. So big time my fault on that part. As a Customer Service "Horrible". It's not the first time I've had a problem with a Pizza Hut. 

My boyfriend and me swear that we are DONE with Pizza Hut for good never ever will we return to any Pizza Hut location. The only reason why we have been going there lately is because of there dirt cheap deal... Will dirt there food is and I will never give them anymore money! Hahaha!!! They got me for $7.08 witch will be the last any Pizza Hut will see me and anyone I know.
The fallowing morning Eddie another store manger called & gave me a $15 credit... We order a stuff crust & breadstick with our credit and everything was fine. Me and my boyfriend still agree " NO more pizza from Pizza Hut" lol
You literally have a fifty fifty shot with this location. My guess is depending on who is working. I actually like Pizza Hut on occasion, but you never know what you are going to get from here. Half of the time it is burnt and awful and half of the time it is perfect. If I feel like gambling for something cheap to eat, this is where I go.
This is one of the worst pizzas I've ever had. Super thick under cookef dough, barely any toppings. Ridiculous to even call this pizza!! Never ordering from here again.
I know there are alot of other pizza joints to go to but since I grew up on pizza hut I just keep going back I love the dough they use I would perfer numero unos but they don't have one here in Vegas. If you're like me and you like that crunchy crust type dough flavor pizza hut is the way to go . Oh childhood memories lol. Happy eating. Your fellow yelpie. Xoxox
One word... terrible! Nothing professional about this place accept for delivery time. The delivery man continuously knocking on my opened door, after I specifically told him I was I was grabbing my cash, and taking it upon himself to even step in my house! Then when I don't give a tip, has the nerve to give attitude. Bye! No class, no tip! Don't enter my house, especially me being a female alone, that could get you shot. Pizza hut needs to fire this individual, before they catch a lawsuit.
They serve wings. Seems a lot of places in Vegas serves wings.

Before i start my review let us take a moment for all the chickens that died to we can coat their flesh in batter before we sauce them up and suck the flesh off their bones...

Draco's is another wing's place, not as big a franchise as buffalo wild wings. Prices are...average. Some of the things on the menu require explanation, it'd be nice to know what Draco Chips or Draco Mandu is. 

I had a Draco #1 with boneless fingers instead of wings. 
choose the Draco Breath (garlic Parmesan)
The set came with 2 fingers, fries, "veggies" and a Draco Biscuit.

The Draco Biscuit was nothing more then a deep fried biscuit or roll. it's texture closely resembled bread so deep fried roll i guess. Didn't have too much flavor to it, also didn't have an oil taste so that's a huge plus.

"Veggies" a sauce container filled with pickled carrots, still crunchy with a bit of a vinegar tang to it. 

Fries, uh....salted....

The garlic Parmesan seasoning wasnt too bad, lots of cheese and heavy garlic flavor. 

Plenty of other flavors to try out but with Shane's Rib Shack a few stores down it'd be a while until i try this place out again.
Sorry little wings.  Don't waste your time and money.
it's no wing stop and I must say it's not a rip off of wing stop... here you will find large wings with a twist..... the sauce is not like what you might find at most places.
Not too sure what I think about this place.  The menu is EXTREMELY limited and way overpriced for chicken fingers and fries.  For lunch, I ordered a #2 combo which included 3 small chicken fingers, a handful of french fries, a slice of toast, and a small soda, which came to about $7.  I would have expected a lot better.

I wouldn't waste my time coming back here, unless I was in the mood to spend my money on a less-than-mediocre meal.  I'd rather do McDonald's.
Ok people, In and Out has fab burgers and that's all they serve.. Raising Cane's has fab chicken fingers and that's all they serve.. for some reason In and Out is allowed to specialize but not this place? They aren't bland when you dip them in the yummy sauce that comes with them. Also this place is great for eating on a budget... the SO and I get the #3 (I think it's all of $7 or so), and it feeds both of us. 

Love the toast, love the sauce, love the fries. When I'm craving chicken fingers this is my go to place.
First the good:  The Texas Toast.  The okay:  The chicken fingers, the fries.  The okay but over-hyped:  Canes sauce.  It tastes like BBQ sauce mixed with mayonnaise.

Now, the bad:  The place is way too noisy.  The muzak (up-to-date, but STILL muzak) is blasting.  The restaurant itself amplifies the din with hard floors, walls and ceiling.  And then the patrons seem to find it essential to shout at one another over the already intolerable noise.  It never occurs to people that I really DO NOT CARE about their personal issues with a family member or coworker, and I sure in blazes don't want to HEAR about it.

More bad:  I don't care if Maryland and Tropicana ARE homeless central.  When I need to/want to use the restroom, I shouldn't have to go request a key from the cashier.  I won't return, no matter how hungry I get, and not even to give Cane's another chance because of the locked restrooms.
A simple 5 item menu with a few items as add ons, sweet tea, and a peppery cane's sauce that's great with the fingers. 

Friendly service, much better than some of the random McDonalds or Carl's Jr. The cashier was really cool and gave great 1 on 1 service. And the food was really good. I'd get my chicken sandwich from here over KFC or Popeyes anyday; and I stopped here because it was near my bank and I had the munchies. 

The story behind this place is that for a business class in LSU a professor gave the assignment to create a company that utilized every aspect of business and make a proposal. So two students made up Cane's Chicken Fingers, and the professor shot the idea down and said that it would never work.... guess they proved that guy wrong.

So enjoy raising some chicken fingers to the man for me!
For a place that has 5 things on the menu and a "boss" sauce that I can put on any part of my meal purchased here, this place makes the grade (and I secretly wish there were something like this closer to the office).

Agreed with Kevin P. - friendly, quick service that is better than most fast food establishments (regardless of whether you're in Vegas or not!), and they DO give personalized service. I think that it's a part of the training...even if the things they say are scripted, they actually say it and sound like they mean it. :)

I just went to the website - the story is pretty cool. The founder was basically shot down by his professor and the banks, saying that there was no way you would succeed with a chicken finger restaurant. And now he's laughing all the way to the bank with 80 locations in 13 states. 

4 shakas!
I'm usually not a huge fan of chicken, but Raising Cane's does some mighty fine chicken fingers.  The sides of TX toast and fries are also worthwhile, as is their sweet iced tea.  You feel fat in a good way after eating here.
Raising Cane's has to be some of the best Fried Chicken strips available out there today. I frequent this particular "Cane's" on Flamingo whenever I have the urge to step off my diet. Now remember, this is Fried Chicken, so if you eat it occasionally, it won't be too bad for you. 

I recommend ordering number 1 or number 3. Three is the largest box of strips and fries, but can easily be shared with another person. Of course, I have friends that can pound the number 3 by themselves, but I am a lightweight I guess. Number 1 is just about right and is worth the price. Also, if you are a student or police officer of some sort, you can definitely get a discount on your meal. I think it's about 70 cents. 

Give it a try because it's not like any of those other Fried chickens you find out there.
This place was next to the Target and looked interesting. I tried their box special that included chicken strips with sauce, texas toast, cole slaw, fries and a lemonade. Everything cooked was piping hot and the cole slaw was nicely chilled. The lemonade was very tasty and they also used crushed ice which is really good. They really do cook the chicken after you order it. I highly recommend this place.
I love this place, it's where, "The chicken is kickin, the sauce is boss and the toast is the most!" I got pretty excited when they opened this location so I didn't have to trek somewhere further away. 

If you haven't been here before, think of it as the In N Out of chicken fingers. That's what I like about it, I already know what I'm going to get, chicken fingers!! 

The staff are friendly, they actually look you in the eye AND they speak English!
Based on the other reviews I am confused. Maybe it was a fluke or someting, but I am from California and I grew up in Texas, yet I've had better chicken strips at McDonalds. They were was bland and didn't have much favor at all.  The fries were ok but reminded me of cafeteria fries.  The dipping sause was really good, but everything else was just not that good. Plus, there was a large group of teenagers there being way loud and annoying.
Just had lunch at Cane's here on Flamingo and once again it's ok but nothing to write home about. Check out what I think:

Sweet tea is great!

French fries are crinkle cut and nothing exciting

Chicken Strips....: Eh... they are ok. Personally I hoped for more taste and flavor. Personally the strips are not that exciting

Texas toast: It's toast that is the size of Texas... need I say more? 

I go only because it is close to school and personally I am tired of everything they have on campus.
Pros:
Some of the best chicken fingers there is.
Good sweet tea.
Good garlic toast.

Cons:
TOO MANY CALORIES. :(
Cane's sauce is kind of gross.
Only 4 meals available which all consist of different amounts of the same thing.

Raising Cane's I love you but you could at least have some hot sauce available.
I really don't get it.

The good:
+The service is great & employees are really friendly.
+They have good ice.
+They have Splenda.
+Texas toast is pretty good.

The not-so-good:
-Where's the flavor in the chicken?  Please brine that meat or at least put some salt in the coating.  I'm surprised that a place that does one thing doesn't do it better.
-The sauce.  I just don't like the flavor.
-The fries.  I didn't like the temperature, texture, or flavor.
-Locked bathrooms.  Gross to wash your hands and then have to take that dirty key (wrapped in a paper towel, of course) back to the counter and then go eat.  I don't like food-handling employees having to touch that dirty key over & over again, either.
They have hot sauce now.
This is the other Raising Cane's I've visited (the other in Grove City, OH) and the complaints are much the same... it's a little pricey, the sides lack flavor (especially the fries), and the staff just don't seem to give a sh*t about being there and have no care that you can tell.

But if you've got a craving for mechanically separated chicken breaded up all tasty-like, you'll probably manage to enjoy this place!
My 2nd time here. And I still think chick-fil-a is 100x better. This place has one item on the menu. Chicken fingers (and a sandwich i don't feel like trying). They only have their Cane's sauce (a tangy, chipotle mayo mix i didn't like) and Louisiana hot cause. The fries are the ruffled ones (too soggy) and the Texas toast isn't good at all (soggy as well and needs garlic or something to make it taste better). All in all the chicken is pretty solid. It's not great by any means - I'll pass going forward unless I am craving chicken and no nuggets / chick-fil-a is around.
Memo to self-Raising Cane's is consistent across locations.  Paste in review of location on S. Las Vegas Blvd. here:

wtf?  Where is my review of the one on S. Las Vegas Blvd. from like 2 years ago?!  

It went something like this:

Do one thing and do it well.  Some chains take this approach and do well with it.  In & Out for example.

Raising Cane's does the same with chicken fingers.  Great chicken fingers.  Fries.  Texas toast.  That's it.  But they do it really well.

Well enough that if I'm in a hurry for lunch (fast food time) I will choose Raising Cane's over the McWendyKing's of the world every time.
If you're looking for chicken wings, you're at the wrong place, read the name of the restaurant...it's literally just that.

Checked out Raising Cane's one night, came in around 10:55pm.  We ordered our food to eat for here but the cashier asked the manager if we could still eat there since they close at 11pm but  the manager said we could stay as long as we wanted, pretty much since their drive thru is open till 1am.  Very cool dude, appreciated the great attitude and customer service from a fast food joint for once.  Actually, they cashier and the other staff we encountered were way friendly and cool.

The Chicken Fingers were alright, can't say they were outstanding or anything.  The CF from KFC probably have a little more flavor but that's just me.  The CF came with one kind of sauce.  Couldn't figure out exactly what the flavor was, it was kind of like a cross between Thousand Island dressing and the sauce from Chick-Fil-A.  It was good but, I would've rather had Honey Mustard or BBQ.

The rest of the food...the Fries, Texas Toast and Slaw were pretty basic.  I did however love how they offered Sweet Tea in their beverage selection.
Where the sauce is the boss and the toast is the most. Canes chicken doesn't have anything really spacial about it and the fries are not anything exciting either. But the sauce is amazing i have to get four extra every time to dip my chicken and my fries in it. I am a fan of slaw but canes slaw is pretty bland so I usually substitute more toast for the slaw.
My first meal in "Sin City" has landed my appetite in not only one of the hottest bookmarked businesses in Las Vegas; but a fast food joint  that I don't see back home. Raising Cane's are one of the many businesses that Las Vegas have that the Bay Area or the entire state of California don't. Maybe one day that founder Todd Graves will work on expanding the franchise to California. Hopefully, the Bay Area will be first. 

I was here and ordered the "3-strip" Combo. For $6.99, I get three battered boneless chicken breast strips, with a side of fries, spicy dipping sauce and a thick "Texas-Style" grilled toast. I usually get chicken strips from businesses like Popeye or KFC, but Raising Cane's version are a tad better than the other competitors. I also get a fountain soda (Coke) with my meal. 

My lunch: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZFyJ83LJkkO1dP82kzXKNg?select=oiFbSMhV9l4Uiz7DgTb52g

The meal wasn't too bad to jumpstart my visit in "Hot" Las Vegas. 

As I was enjoying my lunch, I was admiring the picture of Snoopy embracing with his master Charlie Brown. "How cute!"

The picture: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZFyJ83LJkkO1dP82kzXKNg?select=OwGMpqVXfe-ovM2tad-YPQ
3 stars. This is why:

1. Not enough french fries. They are good but you have to eat them right away. Do  not let them get cold. 

2. Grill the toast on both sides. 

3. Coleslaw was a little mediocre. Needs more tang and flavor

4 The fingers were moist and flavorful but they were not as big as the commercials portrayed them. Very fresh. I agree

5. Canes sauce?? - I am on the fence on this one. I do not love it but I do not hate it  at the same time. Really weird. 

I expected a lot form this place.  I will try it again sometime.
I've heard a lot about this place and the reviews were stellar so on my last trip to Vegas I decided to give them a shot. For fast food it is good, but there are a million bars and restaurants that have better chicken fingers. 

I will say that the chicken itself was very moist, tender and juicy. They get credit (and the 3rd star) for that. Unfortunately the breading was very bland and tasteless and the sauce was only okay.

Be prepared, the ONLY thing this place sells is chicken fingers and a chicken sandwich made from chicken fingers. So if you are eating with someone who might want a burger or something else you will need to go elsewhere.

I was quite disappointed that they didn't appear to have a selection of sauces. I would have preferred a good BBQ sauce to their Canes Sauce, but considering the lack of options on their menu I guess their business plan is to tell people what to eat rather than let them decide what they want for themselves.

Again, not bad I guess for fast food, definitely better than the chicken strips at Burger King or Jack-in-the-Box (not that the bar there is set that high) but if you really want good chicken fingers you can do much better.
This is my chicken finger fix!!! Kid's meal for $3.99 and life is good. The staff is always super fun. Sometimes they sing to you.. The staff at this location has offered me a rap on what to order, they make my day:] 

I don't get chicken fingers anywhere else because I know I will be disappointed. Here, they are so simple and that's what makes them so good. Juicy, tender, & flaky breading. Pair this with their magical sauce... Yeah, you'll be back. 

I think I am the only person to visit Cane's to not have their sweet tea or Texas toast.. Perhaps sometime in the near future..
Yummy!
okay soooo i am weird because i REALLY don't like chicken. i know that everyone likes chicken and even people who don't really like meat usually like chicken but i am just not a fan of the stuff. anyway, that said, i love raising cane's, and all they serve is chicken. they make one thing and they make it very well. we have no raising cane's in the chicago area, sooo we ate here twice for lunch on our last trip to vegas. i'm not ashamed! this place is delicious. the chicken just tastes FRESH and it is served with yummy texas toast, crispy fries and a delicious dipping sauce. mmm. now i'm hungry.
I'm not a fan of fast-food, I make an exception for In-N-out, because it's not really fast food if they make it fresh to order without freezers and heat lamps.

I always assumed Cane's was like KFC. I was still hestitant after my husband insisted it wasn't. After much reluctance I finally gave it a try.

Shhh! I liked it. Yep, that's the truth. In-N-out is no longer alone. I had the three finger combo. The chicken was all white meat lightly breaded and fried crisp. It was not greasy, just crisp on the outside and juicy inside. I enjoyed the peppery-ness of the sauce, but I was missing smoke flavor. I suppose I'm too used to BBQ sauce. Still, tasty, however.

Even the sides were good. The crinkle fries were crisp and fluffy in the center, just the way I like them. The Texas toast was fresh and light, with a brush of butter and garlic. Yum.
Lemmmee tell youu... I'm from so cal where we have chick fil-a the home of the chicken sandwich. And ever since I moved to Vegas, I had to search for tender chicken for my fix. Because unfortunately Vegas doesn't and will never have a chick fil-a. Then, I came across raising canes. I can say I've found my tender chicken. It's not exactly a sandwich, although they do have sandwiches.. It's about the tender chicken tenders! And what makes them unique is their sauce, which apparently is the boss. Also they have sweet Texas toast and sweet yummy-tea to top it all off. 

This specific location was pretty sweet itself. It was my first time at this location and I was duper craving it. I decided to take drive thru cus I have this thing about going in restaurants by myself (it's not a problem, it's jus personal). Anyway, the wait was a little long. But because of the genuine service I didn't mind the wait at all. 

Great service always makes the food taste the way it should.. And I'm always lookin for that service.
For those that read my last review on Rio buffet knows that I was in Vegas last week.  So while driving around town in Vegas I've passed by and noticed a huge "Cane's" sign.  Not sure what that was so the moment I got back to the room, I've decided to look them up.  There I realized that it's not "Cane's", but Raising Cane's Chicken Finger Restaurant.  So being a curious foodie that I am... I had to make a point to check them out before I'm heading back to good ol LA.

My initial reaction... chicken finger restaurant?  What the?  I really got to go see it.  Upon my arrival (10:50am), There were like 3 people getting some food in front of me.  The location is right on Flamingo and near Maryland Pkwy which you can't miss, and it's super clean!  (Sorry for the sidetrack but I'll focus now!)

So the interior was squeaky clean to me!  Perhaps it was early in the day but it definitely smelled really good, super clean, very pleasant.  So now I'm approaching the counter.

The clerk was extremely courteous!  Very nice touch because I'm a sucker for service!  I told her that this is my first time here and that I'm from LA, and she gave me a good quick run down on the business history and what they offer...  I'm sure they were part of the procedure but nevertheless it's interesting to hear.

Very simply menu... it's pretty much 3 pcs of chicken with toast, fries, cole slaw and sauce, the 4 pcs version, or the Caniac (6 pcs version which was their large combo)  Having people in my party I had to get the 6 pcs with 2 sauces...

Here's how the food tasted...  Chicken finger was great!  Solid chicken pieces, freshly prepared, but to me it was slightly small that I would have liked for the price (which I'll get to in a minute).  Crinkle fries were pretty good... (I don't complain much about fries as they are my favorite, but I don't like steak fries too much because it's like eating an entire potato)  Cane sauce was decent, it was pretty much a hybrid of mayo based sauce mixed in with chili of some sort.. not too salty which is great with a little kick to it.  Texas toast was a thick piece of loaf with very little garlic butter on it, and the cole slaw was a cole slaw... nothing out of the ordinary and mediocre at it's best.  It also came with a drink though... (They got southern sweet tea which was pretty sweet!  LOL!) 

The total of my meal came out be just under $9... it's little steep for me but the experience was very positive.  Again the chicken tender pieces could of been either bigger, or they could have substituted for more pieces considering that we are paying $9 bucks, but I have to say the quality of the chicken was very good and will definitely visit them again in the near future when I go back to Vegas.

So the history was about a guy writing a business plan on opening a chicken finger only restaurant, but was shot down by his professors, countless bankers, and eventually, worked hard a a day job and saved enough money so he can make his dream come true... Very inspiring if you ask me!  So maybe this review may not be as funny as others, but do remember that as long as you put your heart in doing what you love to do, work hard and not give up, you will eventually be rewarded!
You gotta love fried chicken!!! And the strips from Canes are amazing!  You could call it Amazing Canes!  Haha...  OK, so all they have for meat is chicken fingers and they do it oh, so well.  They also have great cole-slaw, Texas toast, crincle cut fries and there special sauce.  And if your a lover of sweet tea they have that as well.  So the menu is not extensive but what they do have they do very well!!! If you want a new chicken experience and haven't tried Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers I suggest that you do! It's the place where the toast is the most and the sauce is the boss!
I would love to see some side options happen here.  Like some mac n cheese, sweet corn or corn bread. Ya know? To be quite frank, the coleslaw sucks!  But other than that, the combination of fried chicken strips, Texas toast, fries, and Cane's sauce is a perfect and affordable lunch or dinner option.

The chicken is always hot and juicy.
The Texas toast is a carb-o-holics new obsession.

I always switch between the
3 finger combo: 3 chicken fingers, fries, & texas toast 
OR
Box combo: 4 chicken fingers, texas toast, slaw, & fries
Just all depending on how hungry I am.
This is a real typical fast-food chain place.  Strips are ok, drink is ok, fries are pretty bad and the toast is ok.  Not so sure why there are so many good reviews for this chain.  Maybe compared to other fast-food places?  I don't know.  But compared to a real southern-style restaurant that serves fried chicken?  Not even close.  Just completely pass on this.  Especially in Vegas as there are a ton of great places to eat in this town.  I only went  'cause it was late at night and I didn't feel like dealing with the "hip" crowd that night.
I wish I could give them MORE than 5 stars!  They do ONE thing.  Chicken. and they do it BRILLIANTLY.  The Texas toast is amazing, I always end up stealing my husband's toast from his order.

When I moved to Vegas from San Diego, I was sad at leaving Chic-Fil-A behind.  No longer does I haz a sad.  ;)

Staff are friendly, cheerful and HELPFUL.  Place is always immaculate, and there's always at least one person in the lobby area busing tables and wiping things down.

Sweet Tea - don't pass it up, it's awesome.

And to the one critical review I see below, may I say that if scads of people are saying it's great, and YOU happen to not agree... well perhaps it's YOUR perception that's off?  You mentioned being there late at night - perhaps your perceptions were "chemically altered"?  :)

Anyway - amazing, amazing, and terrific.  Don't miss it!  :D
I LOVE chicken.  It's one of my favorite foods, especially chicken fingers.  We were in Vegas for a birthday, and the birthday boy had another friend pick up a dinner box from Raising Cane's for him before we went out to the club that night.  Since I love chicken I asked if I could have a piece just to try.  I ate it plain, I usually don't put a lot of sauces on my chicken fingers.  I would have to say it was ok, and I was really buzzed when I took a bite.

So the next day, I'm still craving chicken.  We decide to go to Raising Cane's again, but we will eat there.  We went there and the line was pretty long for a fast food restaurant and the dining room wasn't the biggest (maybe sitting 30 people), so we tried to decide which meal to get, our group was six people, thinking the tailgate would be enough.  After more thinking, we just decided to get our own meals.  I shared with my bf, I forgot which size we got but I ate about three chicken fingers.  I would have to say it tasted better than the night before, plus I tried it with the Cajun dipping sauce each platter comes with, I liked it.  The sauce was a mayo base with Cajun spices mixed it with it, simple one may think, but it's what made the chicken taste even better.  The fries that came with the meal were decent and didn't outshine the chicken.  I didn't eat the cole slaw, I don't like it, but my bf did and he thought it was one of the best he has had.  I took a nibble on the toast but all I couldn't anything on it.  And the sweet tea wasn't bad either.  Not too sweet, not too bitter.

I will totally come here again, but will not get it to go because it tastes a lot better at the restaurant than eating at the comforts of your hotel room.  There are other Raising Cane's in the area too.  I think many of them are build ab round major colleges, this one near UNLV.  So if you like Louisiana-style fried chicken finger or get sick of eating a buffets in Vegas go to Raising Cane's.
I love raising Cane's and the food is always excellent and the service is usually good. Except this one, worst service of all the Vegas Raising Cane's. The girl at the register was more interested in trying to help her friend fill out an application than listen to my order. People at the counter just talking while all the empty tables were dirty or had garbage on table. Too bad, I hope this one gets an overhaul soon because I will just keep taking tourists to the store on LVB by the outlet or to In-N-Out instead.
Fast fresh food. Alot of food for the price. The sweet Tea is delicious. And the location couldnt be better.
Yum!  Since I don't do burgers - I love a place that does good chicken!  The sauce is tasty, the breading is delicious and the bread is always tasty and the fries are even good.  
I generally get The Box with a Sweet Tea which is always too much bread and fries for me, but the chicken is so good!

I also love that you can get a gallon of the sweet tea to bring home!  I am sipping on some right now, and it has been days since we went there!
I am staying in Las Vegas on the strip.  I grow weary of buffet foods and went on to Yelp to find something new and different that was off the strip.  Based on what I read I went to Raising Cane.  

This place is a fast food format restaurant that serves chicken fingers, fries, and texas toast.  The food was very good, and the service was fast.

I now have a happy full stomach.  I'll be back.
This was my first visit here and it was pretty good. Here is the deal, it is fast food, but there is always room for variety.

Chicken tasted much better than most fast food chicken.
Love Raising Cane's. I ordered the Box and ate it all. Super delicious chicken and Texas toast. The fries are ehhh but everything else, including the people that work here, is good. My only complaint is the small parking lot. It gets pretty busy here sometimes and it's hard to find a spot.
Out of the 5 or so RCCF's around Las Vegas I like this location the best.  The staff here have always been friendlier than the other ones.  The chicken fingers as good as any...

Be a Caniac Maniac!!!
I love this place! Their food is do delicious and not too badly priced! The people who work there are always nice and friendly! Try this place and you won't be sorry! :)
WHERE: Flamingo & Maryland Parkway (right by UNLV)

WHY: I have a strong gut feeling that this may be the best Cane's location out of the Las Vegas chain! Haha.

WHAT:  I have previously written a review about one of the other Cane's locations, but this is my absolute favorite location! The reasons behind my judgement is that the customer service is the best, the food is the best, and it stays 100 percent consistent!

The handful of times I have come here, I have never been let down.  There are times when the fries are either too salty, too soggy, or too crispy. Or times when the chicken fingers just don't taste how they should be tasting. But! Never has any of these incidents happened to me here!! I just may be their number one fan and proud!

The manager was an absolute sweetheart! I had forgotten my Caniac Club card, and he made it easy to accommodate me! There was one time I had forgotten my card at one of the other locations, and I couldn't redeem my box combo there! They had told me to email and or contact Cane's Corporate!! & sure did!

In summation, before I go off rambling about how much I love this location, STOP BY, ORDER SOME TOAST & SWEET TEA, AND HAVE A MARRY DAY! =D
Chicken is melt in your mouth!

Food was great, but the experience was made by the Manager on Duty! She was the happiest fast food manager I have ever come across, especially in the drive thru. 

Another great thing is I know the food was fresh, how you ask... it was still hot when I got back to my office 10 min away. 

The value is there, because it is great food, at a reasonable price!

Great Service, Great Staff!
I was hungry late at night and wanted to see what was good around my neighborhood so I checked Yelp and came across Raising Cane's. After one experience with Raising Cane's I realize that I've been living in Las 
Vegas for about a month now and only discovered this place just now?

Anyway I had "the box combo" seeing as how it was the most popular choice and I guess I can see why. To briefly sum it up I really liked the chicken fingers which are amazing when had with the Cane sauce. The fries were pretty good and there weren't overly salty or greasy compared to others that I've had. Coleslaw I didn't care too much for and lastly the Texas Toast was a nice touch to the meal.
Nothing special- i had better

fries- plain/bland -nothing special
special sauce- had better
toast-so- so 
sweet tea- very good (only thing worth while on the menu)
chicken fingers- two words "child please" (nasty)

cashier- no comment
I will not be returning

sn- good thing Chick -Fil -A isn't in town, because you would be put out of business
The best chicken strips + chicken strip sandwiches! Everything was hot and fresh and we went to eat at like 11pm! I was amazed! Must try if you are in Las Vegas! It's off the strip but worth the drive!
Good Simple Food. A great lunch spot just off the strip. The Texas toast rocks! Don't be surprised that half the patrons are under 12.
Came to Vegas for a basketball tournament. Most of the coaches were raving about Cane's and said it's the first place they go to when they come to town and they eat here about 5 times during their stay. 

After hearing that, I knew we had to check this place out... Well, we were disappointed. Maybe it was hyped up too much, so our expectations were too high...I found the chicken to lack flavor and really be no better than any other place serving chicken fingers. The sauce was good and that definitely gave the chicken the flavor it was missing. The texas toast is okay, the sweet tea is really good.. Loved it...

I would only go here again if my kids absolutely begged me to.. Otherwise, I'm good....
Mmmmm. Yummy secret sauce. Dippin the chicken, swimmin the fries, and soaking the bread in it.
I've been to Cane's in New Orleans, Columbus, and Vegas. The crew at this store are super friendly and helpful - as is true with ALL the stores.
This place is way over-hyped. It was like hearing how "Citizen Kane" is the best movie ever made and then watching it. Sure you think its great but you wish you could have formed your opinion. 

Raising Cane's was ok. The tenders were served piping hot; however, the fries are not very good. The iced-tea was SWEET, like I needed an insulin shot afterward. I couldn't stop thinking about those "diabeetus" commercials with Wilford Brimley. I ended up having to wash the tea down with Sprite. Yes, you read that correctly.

Giant plus: the servers were hilarious/kind and gave us a good ribbing for being out-of-towners. I would go back just for that.
Yummy (and expensive) chicken!! I love chicken strips but I tend to end up tossing the fries away
The lemonade is tasty and the chicken fingers are consistently good. Not a fan of the cole slaw so I get extra Texas toast or sauce instead. I suggest getting a large lemonade because you have to pay for refills. I think the chicken fingers are better when you eat here. The to go container makes everything soggy.
If this place only served Texas Toast and fries I would be plenty satisfied. The chicken and sauce is bomb! I need to come here more often. It's one of those places that is easy to forget how good it is, so when you do return it is as good as the first time! lol! The bf is more of a fast foodie than I am and warned me that other Canes are not always as good as this one though. Good thing this is the one closest to us! 

The only reason I had to knock off a star is because of the service. Although we did get our food in a timely manner, they seemed to be very unhappy. I understand that not everyone can be happy with their job, or may just be having a bad day, but being polite never hurts...
You will never get better treatment than from Taylor. THE best and most enthusiastic, and sincere service in my life. Oh yeah, the food is fresh, well prepared and very tasty. If you can find a better fast food eating experience...HA! You won't. Loved it-Thanx Taylor!
I never knew chicken fingers could be this yummy. Better than any I have ever had. Does not even seem like "fast food"...besides the atmosphere of course.
I hardly ever eat fast food, but these chicken fingers rock!..glad I finally tried it.
Awesome place, great sweet tea and amazing Chicken. The sauce is ok, but it doesn't quite do the Chicken justice. Very Clean place with friendly staff. :-)
Less fries more chicken please.

Less bread more chicken please.

Less ice-tea more chicken please.

Look I get that people rave about Raising Cane's, but to be perfectly honest I only believe it to be an okay establishment. It does have its place in many people's chicken strip loving hearts, but my experiences here have been lackluster.

The last time I went I got the 3-strip combo, which comes with 3 chicken strips, french fries, and of course, their tasty bread. I got a Dr. Pepper, because I don't like their sweet iced tea (ohmahgawd! I know.) It's too sweet. It's nothing like my Mother's Texas Tea, and well, she makes it better so she wins, the end.

As for the combo meal, I felt like I had more carbs than anything else. Were the fries good? Ya. Was the bread good? Ya. Were the chicken strips good? Ya. But I felt like I should have had more chicken strips than anything else, and my chicken strips were very much on the small side. If you're going to base your establishment on chicken strips, shouldn't those suckers be BIG, juicy, and plentiful?! 

I also made the mistake of taking an order to go. Don't do it. The take-away box makes everything soggy, especially the fries and bread. Best to just eat there, unless you live less than 5 minutes away.
Food is great... But they will not serve you one minute after they close... My friend ran over a curb for some chicken and they denied her. Rude.
I agree with some of the other posters lately it seems like they are giving me a lot more fries and a lot less chicken.  Anyway the food is always good.
A couple years ago, while I was on one of my first trips to Vegas, my boyfriend decided to take a walk with me to Target. Unfortunately, I no longer had energy and desperately needed food. When I looked to my left I saw a fast-food building called Raising Cane's. Ever since that fateful day, I have been addicted.

Raising Canes has got to be one of my favorite fast food places for chicken! Their chicken fingers are always yummy, and the dipping sauce for them is so good. It adds a kick of flavor to each chicken finger, and tastes great with the fries and texas toast as well! My favorite thing about eating here has to be the texas toast. Please order extra, you will not regret this decision. If you don't care for coleslaw like me, you can ask them to trade it out for another piece of toast! It's so great! 

I definitely recommend coming here if you like cheap, but delicious fast food.
The best chicken tenders ever!!! Don't forget to ask for the special sauce! You could tell that the chicken is not frozen; its fresh... How I miss that place.  Their toast is good too.
always take my family from out of town to raising canes cuz im not sure where else they have this business. love the toast. chicken is obviously tasty.lol everyone needs to give this a try if they never had it before
The food here is do good. It's a large portion for what you pay. The chicken is very most and tender. I would defiantly go back to eat here
Best chicken tenders I've had in a fast food environment. These are restaurant quality strips. The fries are like Del Tacos but fresher. The Sweat Tea is delicious and refreshing.
I am slightly concerned that I have a list for Raising Cane's and I've never reviewed this location. I've been here many times after day-drinking, and I must say....Cane's is the business.

The chicken is so moist, and juicy. It makes you want to do nasty things to it. Ok, maybe I took it a little too far. Yeah. Sorry.

It's delicious, the Texas Toast is awesome, and the sauce will make your mouth smile.

Go there now.

Love,

Me
The one and only sauce is pretty good. The fingers also are fried just right!
Raising Cane's is one of those places where the food is always good, and this location is no exception. I always order The Box, with an extra side of sauce and a large Sweet Tea. And I know by doing so that I am guaranteed failsafe food. 

I don't like how they ask for an ID if you use a debit / credit card to pay, and their cole slaw has issues. But the rest of what comes in "The Box" from the fries to the Texas Toast to the best dang chicken fingers in Vegas is dang good. 

(This is a "skate" review as my mind is elsewhere today, in Aurora, CO and focused on the aftermath of the Aurora tragedy. )
This place was yummy, especially the sauce they give you for the chicken. Would totally go there again when I'm in town.
Canes is great place for a fast food joint. We cam here once about 2 years ago and decided to go their again before our road trip back home.

Very satisfied. Great customer service and food.

I recommend the chicken strip sandwich Combo only $6
A little cheaper then Chik-Fil-A.
I was told that their is lots of them in the South, just a fact.

i will return again when I am in town.
I LOVE LOVE Cane's!!!  The Sweet tea makes this southern girl heart sing with joy!  The chicken fingers are always amazing!!  Cooked fresh so they are hot and never greasy.  The Texas toast is yummy!!!  The Cane's Sauce.....I could bath in it!  The staff is usually friendly.  I have only had two staff members I wanted to advise to give up a career in Customer Service.  The dining area is always clean and I love how they walk around and clean tables and ask how the food was.  I CRAVE this place!!  In fact I am so gonna beg my hubby to take me tomorrow!
When I first moved to Vegas, I heard a lot of about Raising Canes but never tried it until this year, and I have to tell you that it's the best chicken fingers that I've ever tried. The sauce is insane and the sweet tea reminds me of home. Customer service is extremely important to me and the entire staff always has a smile and makes sure you are taking care of. If you've never had their chicken fingers, then you are in for a treat.
Raising Canes is raising the bar in casual fast food. My first visit in a Raising Canes was a similar experience to Panda Express. I am hooked and keep wanting to return.

   Regardless that Raising Canes is named after a canine, it is fast food for a King. At Raising Canes you are not a number. When your order is ready, they will call you by your name. And there are times where they will deliver your food to you. 

  The combos are abundant in quantity and quality. My favorite is the Caniac Combo. It includes:
  *6 chicken fingers..tasty & huge.
  *2 canes sauces..little bowls instead of packets. Kind of tastes like 1,000 Island.
  * Coleslaw......very good.
  * Fries.....tastes like supermarket fries (don't they sell White Castles and Nathan's hot dogs in supermarkets anyway?). Still good
  * Texas toast....usually full by the time I get to it. 
  * 32 ounce drink.....Nothing bad to say about Coke beverages. Still, it would be cool if they had 100 flavors like Five Guys or the new Burger Kings.

  The one negative is that Raising Canes is not cheap. To be fair the prices of fast food have escalated in recent times. So $8.96 for a Codiac Combo, which is a dollar above the average fast food meal, is not off the charts expensive.

   Raising Canes is raising the standard of fast food. Now when I pass an out-of-business fast food restaurant, I know what I want to see go in there.
Eating the Buffet of Buffets for the past 24 hours was exhausting...so we decided to go somewhere near UNLV. (Literally right across from Target). 

While driving by this fast food restaurant, I noticed that there was a drive-thru as well as a sitting area inside. Of course I decided to go inside to check it out. The interior was quite interesting. There were Halloween decorations and awesome ceiling fans that look like an airplane wing fan. 

We were greeted promptly and ordered the 3 piece combo and the caniac combo. The 3 piece combo came with their special sauce that tasted like thousand island (disappointed that the employee lied to me when I specified if there was thousand island and she denied it and said that they could not tell me what was placed into this sauce...So...Yes, I had an allergic reaction to this...) Thank you lady...Anyways, this also came with Texas bread, fries and a drink. The Texas bread was excellent because it tasted like a Hawaiian bread that was soft and not too buttery. The fries wasn't all that great, but it was ok though. The sweet tea was not as good as Popeyes...it was kind of bitter. Maybe they accidentally mixed the unsweetened iced tea with the sweet tea? 

The caniac combo meal came with the same items stated above as well as coleslaw. The coleslaw was a bit drenched in the sauce; however, the cabbage wasn't soggy and limp but crispy still. I enjoyed eating this side. Lastly, I didn't mentioned how the chicken tenders tasted yet because I wanted to save it for last! OMG! THE BEST CHICKEN TENDERS that I have ever eaten so far. Wow! The seasoning was just perfect and the batter was nice and light. The chicken breast was fresh and not frozen because it was all white meat and not those dark looking frozen meats. The chicken was so juicy and tender...I kind of wished that I got the party size now...

All I have to say is that Yelpers...This is a restaurant that you must try in Las Vegas! Something quick and simple for you late Vegas arrivals or even locals. 

Note: You have to ask for the key to use the restroom.
This is the place, the place, the place to stuff your face! Hot, crispy, juicy, salty madness! Its the place for fried chicken! Oh and the sauce, get an extra sauce, like a creole sweet mustard with perhaps some mayo in it. Its slatherable love!
Simply put, Cane's makes Chick-fil-A, Zaxby's and all of their other competitors look like total trash.

Let me tell you a story. It's kind of long.

Long before my wife and I moved to Vegas, we came from Chicago as tourists many times. On our very first visit, we stopped by the Atomic Testing Museum. Afterwards, looking for a cheap lunch that we couldn't get back home, we checked her original iPhone (before everyone had one) and looked up our nearby options.

We ended up at In-n-Out on Maryland, over by UNLV. It was horribly overrated. On the way over, though, we drove past Raising Cane's, and I exclaimed, "A restaurant devoted only to chicken fingers! We HAVE to go there."

We didn't make it back until our next trip, and the meal I had then changed my life.

After that point, I had Cane's wherever I could find it - which was not often, since there weren't (and still aren't) any in or around Chicago. When we visited Minneapolis, we found the Cane's by the university closed on Memorial Day...so we drove to the suburbs for it. Afterwards, we bought a 32oz cup of the sauce and drove it back to Chicago. Every time we came back to Vegas, we'd have lunch here at least once - usually twice.

As you might imagine, when we moved here, we went nuts. We haven't gotten any fatter, but I did get a Caniac Club card and have racked up something like 40 visits in a year. There simply isn't any other fast food this fresh and this flavorful. When we want a cheap, delicious meal, there's only one option - box combo, double toast bbs, no slaw, extra sauce.

And that sauce is, indeed, boss. Totally fucking boss.
Went here for breakfast! Good chicken fingers! Good fries and very good canes sauce!
This review is for 4.5 stars.

I was really wanting chicken fingers (hadn't had them in a long time). But I didn't want heavily breaded ones (I hate that). Enter Raising Cane's. Since we were going to Target, the Dollar Tree, and K & K, we went here. 

It was packed inside- should've known, the parking lot was full. Man, was it super loud. Our little one had just fallen asleep. Not for long! The music is pretty loud to begin with. There is a very loud yell for your name to pick up your food- even the girl next to him was like "Dang!" One of the few booths available were right up front, so we were stuck there. The remaining seats were stools in front of the window, opposite the cashier counter. So, the crowd, music, and the shout-out for your name made this a loud environment. Note to self: only bring the baby when he is awake. 

The food came out fast. Free Refills on soda. I love that the fingers are not full of breading. The sauce is really good (kinda like ranch mixed with thousand island dressing). I don't normally like cafeteria style french fries, but the crispy ones were tasty. Pump-style ketchup (like Wendy's and Arby's) at the counter next to the soda fountain. I must've been hungry (or anticipating, or BOTH) because I ate most of (OK, almost all of it- you caught me) my 3 finger combo meal- three fingers, sauce, texas toast, fries and drink. My husband got the Box lunch combo- mine plus another finger and coleslaw. 

Clean place. The clerk was going around collecting customers' garbage. Drive-Thru window. Tailgate Packages available- perfect for large parties and events.
For only selling chicken fingers this place is as good as it gets! I'm not gonna lie when I first moved out to Vegas I wasn't super impressed and didn't understand the hype, but now after living here for a while, I can honestly say I LOVE them.

They're not too heavily breaded or oily and the sauce is simply delicious! Not to mention their crazy good texas toast! yum! If you've never had it, please go! go! go!

I've heard a lot of people compare it to chick-fil-a, which I still think is kind of weird since chick-fil-a sells things other than chicken fingers, but I guess it's most like the fact they're both chicken places. In any case, Raising Cane's, hands down. :)
I love chicken I give this place five stars the chicken is great and the place is always clean. The staff are professional and kind. Yes eat here you will like this! They have extra good fries and toast that makes this place one of a kind. The sauce is above five stars so they are the complete package stop in today you just may see me their.
Recommend this place for a hearty meal for a hangover. It's not too far away from the strip. It's probably about 5 blocks away and it's next to target. At first I thought it was going to be like a mom and pop kind of restaurant. But it is actually a small chain restaurant like KFC and Popeye's serving fried chickens without the bones. The place was very clean and every time you need to use the bathroom you need to get the key. 

Service: friendly and quick.

Food: The meal is simple and not much to choose from. There is type 4 type of combo meals that comes in a box. Every combo comes with number of chicken fingers or a chicken sandwich. The side is French fries, Texas Toast, special sauce, coleslaw, and large drink. 

Recommendations:  I love their Texas Toast, Its warm soft and buttery not too overwhelming. Also, comes with the combo meal. To me the chicken tenders are fresh not from a bag and juicy.
Garlic Toast is really good  and perfectly cooked every time and the chicken is never greasy and is great when dipped in the special sauce also the sweet tea is good a little to sweet for me so we mix half sweet and half unsweet and it comes out perfect
When do I NOT come here?! Whenever i'm in LV, I usually stop by here before the drive back to SoCal. This time I rolled through with a party of 8 and we purchased their party pack. It came with 40 or was it 50 chicken strips? Texas toast, cole slaw, and we ordered some fries on the side. The chicken strips were juicy, not dry what so ever!! and the coating was tasty as always. I wish there were more Raising Canes and one in SoCal!!

Their sweet tea is better than Micky Dee's and their chicken is definitely better than KFC and Popeyes. My group that I rolled with was expecting the consistency and the chicken to be dry or over battered like the ones you get a KFC or popeyes but really enjoyed this meal and fell in love with the sauces.
Best chicken fingers. Best dipping sauce. Fries are perfection. Texas toast, you are delicious. Doesn't get any better, seriously. If you're tired from all the fancy food & buffets on the Strip, come try this place out! For the price (which is inexpensive to begin with), it's totally worth it. Mad love for this place. Raising Cane's is always a MUST when we go to Vegas. 

I hope they open up in SoCal one day!
This place is amazing best chicken strips ever forget about Popeyes I want a raising canes in Cali!!!
Got to Vegas with the wife and kids.  We weren't starving but needed something for dinner.  Did not want to get dressed up for a sit down dinner as we were tired.  Checked YELP and found the rave reviews on this place.  Close to our hotel.  We went to try it out and were not disappointed.  The reviews were dead on.  Staff was friendly, place was clean and the food was great.  Chicken was truly moist and juicy, fries were crisp, Texas toast was moist and tasty and the sauce was a great addition.  My wife tried the sweet tea she said those reviews were accurate as well.  It is not glamorous or fancy but for good fresh food at a good price, this place is a must visit.
4.5 stars

Raising Cane's, let me count the ways I love thee!  I've been wanting to try for a while but I thought, "how good can a place that only serves chicken fingers be?"  I got SCHOOLED.  It can be *really* good.  

They serve up juicy and fresh (not frozen) chicken tenders; Texas toast, which is the best side ever; crinkle cut french fries, which just hit the spot sometimes, you know?  I did think the french fry portion was a little modest, so-to-speak.  But I chose the 3-finger meal and was full afterwards.  The dipping sauce is the real deal - so good.  My husband raved about the crushed iced.  I was all, "really?  The crushed ice, babe??"  But I admit, there's just something about it lol.  I do think it's strange that lemonade is 10 cents extra but no biggie, it's good.  

This location feels like it should be UNLV's student center lol.  Just has that college feel.  It's cool though.  I remember those days and would have been there almost every day!  

If you haven't been here yet this place is going to surprise you with how simply good it is.  It will fill you and you will enjoy it, but don't take my word for it.  Ready.  Set.  GO!!
Every time I come here I can count on the cashiers being friendly and full of energy and The establishment is clean leaving me the joy of being able to sit down with my meal and not having to wipe up anyone's left over chicken crumbs.  

Ok more about the food...

The chicken is always fried perfect and is fresh.  Never over cooked but always a golden brown color.  Fries don't taste like they've been cooked in week old oil and the Texas toast is amazing!

Don't forget to get an Arnold Palmer.  For those of you who are unfamiliar it's a sweet tea and lemonade mixed.
Raising Kanes 

staff = 5 (the ladies at the front made my day)

chicken tenders = 3.5 (lightly battered, moist meat, needs a more flavor)

texas toast = 4.5 (what can i say, soft, delicious, hit the spot)

fries = 3 (fries are fries)

sweet tea = 2 (tastes like sugar water)

overall, i don't think anything here was to die for, but i wouldn't oppose going here if someone brought it up.
Raising Cane's is the place for fresh and perfect-breaded chicken fingers!
Juicy (not dried), piping hot and fresh chicken fingers + extra fries + Sweet tea. Nothing better than that on a summer day where you want to refresh and have something quick yet delicious! 

This location is very clean and the cashier is welcoming and always ready to order. 

The food is always consistent and fresh.

The good part is you can always do substitutions. My sister doesn't like their Texas toast (a preference) so she ask for substitution of extra fries which they were willing to substitute. 

Always ask for extra sauce as well! One of the reasons for coming back to Raising Cane's is for their sauce.

As for the Sweet tea, it is a little too sweet even with an entire cut of ice. So what I have found is that doing half no-sugar sweet tea + half sweet tea is the perfect sweetness for my taste.
If there's a Caucasian man working the window check your bag & change . Meal was 6.48 gave him 20.03 & got back 13.51 u do the math also ask for hot sauce didn't receive any . When I brought up the missing change this customer was wrong until I helped him with his math
5 stars for a fast food joint? Yes, Raising Cane's actually deserves 4 stars, but since they get involved with the community they are getting 5 stars from me! They support "The Rebellion" which is the UNLV student section. Since I am alumni, how could I not support a business giving back to my Alma mater especially since Cane's is from the south with not particular connection to the university other than being located across the street. They also give free kids meals to crowd members who watched a mountain west basketball or football game, just as long as the rebels WON. Just make sure to save your ticket from the game.  When this location first opened I did not understand the hype and actually thought they were pricey. Gave Canes a second chance and now I love it.  The batter is not too thick like most chicken finger places and you could tell these are freshly made and not frozen. Just like everyone else I too like the Texas toast because its soft and buttery. Nice touch with crinkle cut fries and Cane's sauce, which is delish. I also like the community/university vibe of this place especially after a basketball game. They also give 10% discount, but they will ask for student ID.
Whenever I'm on this side of town i take a detour to Canes.  In my opinion this is some of the best tasting chicken on the planet.  Their Texas bread is awesome as well.  I always get two breads. I wish their were more locations.
orgasmic
I heard this place was really popular in Boston.  And it's my friend's favorite chicken joint.  I personally thought it was okay, nothing great or mouth watering.  It wasn't bad though.  My friend and I each ordered the 3 chicken finger meal, which included the 3 chicken fingers, a lot of fries, their special sauce, and a drink.  If you want a free drink and it's your first time hitting up this place, check in on FourSquare so you can get a free drink if you order a meal; I believe it was lemonade.  I checked in after the fact and found out what I could have gotten.  What was lame was I couldn't save the deal for later like how Yelp allows us to do so.  Just an FYI...

Oh yea, they have the staff call out your name very loud to let you know that your order is ready.  If you don't come for it, they'll go looking for you in the restaurant, which I liked.  I didn't like how the tables weren't clean.  A good # of tables had crumbs of chicken and stuff on it.  They should have the staff going around more often to clean them, especially since this location was pretty busy.
We have wanted to try this place after driving past it for the past couple years as the drive thru is always packed.  I was disappointed in the small selection of meals...mainly unflavored tiny fried chicken strips with some frozen crinkle fries and a piece of bread...oh and some bland coleslaw and a not so very special sauce.  Hardly what I would consider a decent meal much less pay for it and actually feel there is a need to actually have an establishment devoted specifically to this type of food.  I mean, why develop an entire menu of meals where the main difference is the quantity of strips and sides??? The bf thought it was okay but he had to order the large meal and also ate half of mine.  The cashier was nice enough, but had either a hearing problem or attention deficit disorder...she had my drink order wrong twice...diet soda, no ice...not sweet tea with ice or diet soda with ice.  I do not understand the hype at all especially when there are so many other places to choose from.
There's just not much that can go wrong with deep fried chicken! The meat fell apart so easily, and it was so tender and juicy. The outside was really flavorful and crunchy, and the chicken was extremely hot, fresh out of the fryer. 

DAT SAUCE THO! Dip it, drizzle it, drench it, bath it, slurp it, lick it, either way it's D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S.

Texas Toast! I was thinking that this would be like french toast when I heard about it, but it's more like a really yummy dinner roll. Coming back to Raising Cane's again.
Love love love this place. I'm blessed to have had my first experience at the original location in Baton Rouge, LA...superb! I immediately fell in love. If you love, or even like chicken strips, then Raising Cane's is the place to eat. The chicken strips are crispy, juicy, and pretty much perfect. The fries could use a little work and it's best to eat them while they are fresh. If you have a little ride home, you may want to poke holes in the box because your fries will retain too much moisture and they won't be that good. However, the sauce is the problem solver. I use the sauce on my fries as well as my chicken strips. And my beverage of choice is always the sweet tea...so refreshing =)
Is is possible to award 5 stars to a fried chicken place...? Hellayeah it is...!!! I'm from the south, TEXAS and listen, we know about fried chicken. These guys know their stuff. Succulent slow marinated QUALITY chicken meat lightly fried to perfection, Texas toast, french fries and cold slaw (although the slaw would get 2 stars) Sweet tea and lemonade... seriously what more could you ask for...
Oh my god, a place that specializes in chicken strips, yesyesyesyesyesyes.

This place is as straight up as it can be. Chicken strips, fries, texas toast and a drink. Only thing that separates everything on the menu is, how hungry are you? 

Chicken strips, crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside, fries, perfectly crispy, toast, is well, toast. Yay. BUT THE SAUCE. The sauce is the key basically to the meal. Put it over everything, I'm not lying. Its obviously for the chicken, but dip your fries in it and dip your toast in it. Take shots of it if anything.

please, open one of these in NorCal, I'd absolutely appreciate it.
I am not a fan of fast food. You won't find many reviews for a fast food place. This place does rate oddly enough.

a.  Ambiance - For this "east" part of town, very nice. Clean, good flow and organization. At 4:30 on Friday, it was 75% full.  A great testament either to fast food or good quality.

b.  Service - I really like the consistency and the good service from the people cooking, the cashier, the people prepping your order. High quality in my book.

c.  Food - They do a few things and do it very well. Fresh made chicken tenders, fries, texas toast.  I find the tenders to be awesome for a breaded fried product that I normally stay away from.  The toast is great. The fries, no go.

d.  Price - Can be reasonable. I spent 85.00 ordering a tray of 75 chicken tenders, served in 3 tin foil trays and 1 tray with fries. Very reasonable and a lot for the money.

e.  GK says, this place is NOT bad at all. Highest level of fast food I have tried besides In and Out.
There has yet to be a day that Raising Cane's food had not make me feel fat. The chicken strips were oily and delicious. What they lack in items to choose from (compared to other fast food places,) Raising Cane's makes up for in taste. The texas toast, fries, and chicken tenders are tasty; especially when dipped in the Cane's sauce. The food arrived relatively quickly and the ambiance in Cane's restaurant chain should be a standard for other restaurants. Overall, Cane's is definitely a place to check out if you haven't already.
Chicken was good. My girlfriend I weren't too fond of the canes sauce, it would be better if they had ranch. Overall it was pretty mediocre, we probably will not be back next time we're in vegas.
Neighborhood and the people around it a bit ghetto so keep your head on a swivel. 

As far as the food...AMAZING! The Service...again, AMAZING! I don't know what they put in that sauce but I'd sure like to make some to eat with some things at home but then, it wouldn't be one of their signature items. 

Great food. Not so great vagrants begging in the parking lot and coming in the restaurant filling up non-Raising Cane's cups. A little unsanitary since they look homeless. But, I just bless my food and keeps it pushin'.
Loved my whole meal!!! Wish we had one in Cali!!!
Seriously?.. Why so much complaining? I think it's great for fast food! Would you rather eat chicken rubber selects from Mickey D's instead? Didn't think so. Raising Canes is legit!
The menu is so small but just enough! Toast, fries sauce and chicken! You don't need a lot to make a great business! 

The chicken is always so soft and juicy inside and crunchy and seasoned on the outside. The sauce is like a thousand island dressing. The toast is buttered, and the fries are salted perfect. The place is always BUSY! From the drive thru to the front counter. With all that business they are so fast with service. I was in and out within 10 minutes.
Ways in which Raising Cane's is superior to Chick-Fil-A:

1.) They're open on Sundays. Church takes a backseat to chicken at Raising Cane's.

2.) Cane's Sauce is tastier than Chick-Fil-A Sauce.

3.) The chicken strips at Raising Cane's are significantly crispier.

4.) No homophobia (probably).
This was my first time to Raising Canes.  It was delicious!  The chicken fingers were made fresh when I ordered them.  The fries were hit and seasoned well.  The lemonade I got with my meal tasted like fresh squeezed!  
For a fast food place I give Canes a 5 star!  Clean, Fresh, Tasty, and great customer service. 
The Texas toast was probably not needed as there was a lot if food on the plate.
Well done!!

I did have to park in the back of the parking lot as there weren't any spaces left.  While eating I noticed a TMobile employee get into her car and drive off.  She was parked in the front spot of Canes.
I LOVE CANE'S!!!

I've been to this location a million times, and the quality of the food is stellar.  
I love the Texas Toast, and the Cane's sauce is awesome.  

Sweet tea is great too. 

And the Chicken?  Awesome. 

:D
It's bomb. Get a box combo, switch out the cole slaw, and bring me the other canes sauce. 
UNLV students, don't forget to show your Rebelcard and get that discount. At this location only!
Ask any out of town person and they will tell you that this is the first stop to make once you step foot in Vegas. A tradition unlike any other. I first experienced Cane's while on a trip in Lafayette, Louisiana and can't wait til they maybe put one in California...maybe....please???? Anyway, nothing comforts the soul quite like fried chicken strips, carbs and sweet tea.
Having lived on the East coast, I was used to Chick-fil-A and thought that it was the best place to get chicken...but boy was I wrong!! After moving here and hearing that Cane's was the best place to get chicken fingers, I just had to try it. I can now say, hands down, that this is the BEST fast food restaurant I've ever been to!

This location has always been clean, I've had fantastic customer service every single time, and the food has been absolutely delicious!! Usually I like parts of a meal more than the other, but between the chicken, fries, and texas toast I can't choose which one I like most! 

I'm surprised that Cane's doesn't have 5 stars, I'm not sure what more you could ask from a restaurant! I've yet to have anything less than an awesome experience. The prices are decent as well, and with how often I like to eat here now, I had to sign up for the Caniac card! 

(The UNLV student discount is also a great little bonus!!)
Love this place since they opened years ago! I just don't get by enough. I wouldn't recommend driving far if your taking it with you. .. the fries can get soggy fast. But everything is great when it's hot and fresh. Besides Chick Fil A, this is one of the top 3 places I go to for chicken. 

PROS: Chicken
             Fries
             Sauce
             Garlic toast

CONS:  Cooked to order so there is always a wait (not too long but. . .. )
I'm from California and every time I come to Vegas I need to get me some Canes no other chicken fingers compare with Canes! And you can't forget to get their famous sweet tea! God I'm craving it right now!
Reminds me of being in The South where this chain is from. And, they taste just like the ones there. This plans destroys all the other fast food chicken tender places in Vegas. Yes, destroys. And, their sweet tea and Canes sauce is the bomb! Great fast food meal and cheap.
This place is a must if you are coming to vegas. There sauce is what makes the chicken n the bread taste so good.. Cane's is so addicting for me I love it
Always fresh! Delicious chicken every time, my two boys and I love Canes !
Every time I visit Vegas, I devote one of my lunches to Raising Canes. I also drag my friends to go to Raising Canes and it never disappoints. For the price you pay and for the amount of food you get is unbeatable. 

Normally chicken fingers tends to be a little dry, but with Canes, no other chicken fingers compares! The house sauce just puts it over the map with their chicken fingers already freshly made with the right amount of juices. And you can't forget to get their famous sweet tea, it just goes great with the chicken fingers, fries, and bread! I always pack the sweet tea to go and drink it along the day. Talk about a great combo!

They have great employees who are always consistent about cleaning the tables after customers had left. Cashiers are always smiling! Love their service! I will continue to keep coming back here on every Vegas trip.
I guess I'm just not into fast food, because this place did nothing for me.

Why they got 3 stars:

Service was swift and courteous.
Chicken was fresh and hot.
Chicken was actually chicken, not nugget substance.

Why they did not get more stars:

"Texas toast" looked and tasted like a hamburger bun. Didn't eat it.
They must have walked across the parking lot to Target to get frozen fries. These just weren't any good. Didn't eat them.
The "secret sauce" tasted like mayo mixed with a bit of catsup and Lawry's seasoning. They promised tangy and a bit spicy. It was neither. Didn't eat it.
Oh, yeah, wasn't I supposed to get cole slaw?

So, of the boxed meal I ordered, I ate the chicken. The rest wasn't worth chewing.

Overall, the food was entirely meh.
First time here. Heard the buzz and wanted to check out the hype. The Caniac Combo was more than fulfilling for the bf and I. Their sauce was good too. Can't complain about anything really, sweet tea was on point and their chicken fingers were off the hook! Toast was perfectly toasted and the center was soft, must try! Definitely coming back here!
My boyfriend loves the sweet tea here! Oh AND the Canes sauce is amazeballs!!! Fair WARNING: it's always busy.
Simply amazing. I work in the parking lot that this store is located. It's dangerous because I want to go there constantly. Fast service, open very late and the food is always extremely fresh. Very much recommend giving it a try!
"This is so bad... But it's so good!" If you're looking for a healthy meal that makes you feel good about your caloric intake, this may not be the place for you. If you're craving good fast food, you must drop by & try it for yourself! 

Delicious white meat chicken strips that aren't the typical dry ones because these were surprisingly moist! With garlic bread, fries, & a drink, the 3-strips combo was quite filling. Love the dipping sauce & the sweet tea! This place is quite packed but the line moves quickly.
First timer! And it was absolutely delicious! I ordered the 3 chicken strips order & chicken was soo juicy loved the buttery bread! I also got the freshly squeezed lemonade upgrade for .35 cents more. What's with that secret sauce? Well it was awesome I used it as a dipping sauce for my bread. I'll try to come by a little earlier perhaps lunch since it's a all place and can get really crowded.
Ok, this is not my favorite Cane's. Its actually my least favorite of the three that I have visited. That being said, it is the closest to my son. He lives on the east side, and it seems there are no locations on that side of town. 
This location is close to UNLV, and therefore has mostly college students as patrons. Today was the worst experience here for us. the music was so loud that it caused everyone to yell to the person across from them. It was nearly impossible to hear my own family talking. The food here is always hot, but there is something off about this place. My guess is that the fryer grease is old. It just doesn't taste fresh. This was my last time coming here.
By far the best chicken strips I've tried in Vegas. As a new vegas local, I'm constantly trying new restaurants, and Raising Canes is definitely a must go for tourists and new vegas locals looking to try quality delicious food. I always get the 3 chicken strips with their crinkled fries with their delicious toast. I'm a fan!
Umm EXCUSE ME! I have been missing this in my LIFE! This place is THE bomb and I'm on my lunch break about to lose my mind... Lol - SOOO GOOD! Why hasn't anyone introduced me to this temporary Heaven?!
After a $10 taxi ride there...they aren't on the strip...their lobby was closed!!!! They should state that they have different lobby and drive through hours
Butter both sides for the Texas toast!
Crispy chicken. Always good for the soul. Chicken and fries are amazing. I loved it. I feel like I'm more country than where I come from. I love sweet tea and it's my favorite drink. Nice atmosphere and seems like a great place to go with friends and family.
The Food is Fast and Fresh,cooked to order so its Super hot when you get in.So give it a minute or two before U dig in.Also check ur email for specials on your Raising Cane's card, this location is great honoring them.Also they fast and open up more registers if there R too many people in line.Overall a great great place for either dinner, or Lunch-the food consistently tastes great and very filling.Keep up the good Job Flamingo office!
Oh how I love when my office gets raising canes for lunch meetings. Very fresh/hot everything we get it  and some of the best chicken fingers  even though it's fast food. Texas toast plus fries is a little overkill and bland but I guess that's what the cane's sauce it for. Yum! Love their sweet tea also. I rarely eat fast food but when I do, you can count on this place being one of my options!
OMG!!!! This place is the bomb!!!! .... Food is soooooooooooooo good. Customer service is excellent. Atmosphere inside is fun. I especially like the way this location has a UNLV theme inside, as it is close to campus. 

Can get loud at times inside when crowded, but that is to be expected. BEST CHICKEN FINGERS EVER!!!!! Fries are so good, they can be eaten without ketchup, and the Texas Toast is AWESOME!!!!

If in Vegas, and in the mood for great tasting chicken in a casual environment without paying a ton of money, then definitely go to Cane's. It is only about 2-2.5 miles from "The Strip". If here on vacation, either take the Flamingo bus, or a cab. If here at time of year when weather is cooler, can get there walking, depending where you are staying on the Strip. Fortunately for me, we live at most a 10 minute walk from here. This location has a drive-thru, which remains open a few hours after the dining area closes.
This location can get very busy during lunch hours, especially at the drive thru. I've waited 15-20 minutes in the drive thru line in the past, so if you're late for class or work, don't come here if you see a lot of cars lined up thinking it'll go by fast. It probably won't. 

Other than that, everything here is amazing and worth waiting on the drive thru line (if you've got the time). I usually get the 3 finger combo or the sandwich. Dip everything in their dipping sauce, trust me.

You can also get a discount if you show your UNLV student ID!
Ok , my sis lives in California & I think canes is the only reason she comes and visits me !! Lol , the chicken here is the bomb , always fresh and cooked to order , not overly breaded and consistently juicy !! The fries are best when hot and salty ( eat them first !) , the coleslaw is pretty fresh , but for some reason doesn't taste good the next day ??? & I know I'm going to piss some people off , but the Texas toast is just ok and if on a diet not worth the calorie count/carbs !! And being that i'm a saucy type person , ( they never give you enough,& have to buy extras ) I recommend one sauce for every two tenders !! And pay a little extra for the lemonade it's worth it , and as my sister always does she takes a couple gallons home with her !!
The g/f has been raving about this place to me for months, since this is her favorite fast food joint, she states when she goes home to the south she could eat this for every meal.  When we finally took a trip to vegas first stop is non other than Raising Cane's at this location.  After trying it I can see what the rave is about.  

As my g/f puts it, they do one thing and do it right.  Chicken was cooked just right without a greasy after taste and the sauce goes well with the fries and tenders.  Texas toast is tasty and fluffy.  Before leaving vegas we made a pitstop here for lunch for us and then an hour later another pitstop at the Raising Cane's in Vegas' southeast location!
We need a chain of Raising Cane's in California. Seriously, it would change the game of fast food.

My boyfriend kept raving about this place every time we took a trip to Vegas, so on our last trip, we finally went and boy did it live up to the hype! I was so astonished by how moist and juicy the chicken fingers were. Not to mention the delicious dipping sauce that comes with the chicken. Gahhh... It gives Chick-Fil-A's sauce a run for its money. Top that off with a side of Texas toast - I'm sold.

I'm going to have to come here every time I'm in Vegas.
Drove all the way from los Angeles just to get Canes only to find out they are closed. So sad, got a bump on my tongue and everything. Leaving tomorrow, can't wait till they open! Texas toast is the best, the chicken is great, slaw not a fan and the Lemonade is great! Open, Open, OPEN ALREADY! and no Chris G it's not the only reason I visit you, it's a big part but......lol
Great wings!  Always great service.  This restaurant is very clean and everyone is very friendly.  It's nice to find a place with quality wings.  All chain pizza joints have god-awful piles of garbage posing as chicken wings.  Not this place.  Please don't confuse it with Wing Street--they are not in the same league.  Many flavors of wings and boneless wings.  I can never go wrong with the standard 'hot.'  The only problem I have when I go here is that I usually order too many.  At least they're good cold from the fridge.
The prices, at first glance, look decent but that's just how they pull you in. They nickel and dime you on everything else. What started as a $12 order of 20 wings turned out to be a $19 order. All we ordered was two drinks and two ranches in addition. I ordered the Garlic and Parmesan and my partner ordered the Cajun. His turned out ok, but mine were a wreck. I expected a wing sauce with garlic and parmesan. All I got was my group of wings doused in parmesan and just a light brushing of plain garlic. No sauce whatsoever. When I say soused I mean DOUSED. I had to ask for a little side of plain wing sauce to make them edible, for which they charged me 69 cents! Bottom line is this place was very disappointing when for the same price I could've gone to Little Caesars and bought three pizzas AND an order of wings. Very overrated.
This place is always consistent.  The wings are great, service is efficient and predictable.  The variety of foods is limited, it really is just a wing joint, so not a lot more to say.  The unusual varieties like the garlic parmesan are really great.  Love the atomic sauce.
Wingstop takes me back to my college days in Las Vegas when me and my friends would make runs to this place after classes. I was so relieved to discover several of them since I moved to AZ! This location is most convenient to me and is consistently yummy like the one I went to in Vegas. The place is so simple; chicken wings, boneless wings or chicken fingers a limited amount of sides and dipping sauces. I love it because their traditional wings are not breaded and they make each batch fresh when you order them. My fav flavors have to be garlic Parmesan and the lemon pepper, and when I'm in the mood, BBQ. Their fries are delish too, they are super fresh and they season them with a mix of this salt that has a hint of sweetness to it...it's seriously addicting. The fries dipped in their ranch dressing is an orgasmic experience for me, the sweet, salty crunchy mmmm just delish! The ranch is the good kind too, it's nice and thick no watery dressing found here! 

This is my go to spot when I just want to pick up some quick and easy food. Wingstop I'll see you later this month :-)
I kind of get the impression that the other two reviews were written by friends of the establishment, because I do not share their sentiments at all. Every now and then I get cravings for wings. And I'm talking standard, blue-collar, messy, ready to be dipped in bleu cheese chicken wings. I got excited when I moved to the area a few months ago and noticed a location called "wing stop", thinking I had found my home. Unfortunately, a friend that was with me shared the same underwhelming feeling that I did. 

When you walk in, the place has the feel of the bad chains you see in airports. The menu is limited, and kind of odd in the sauce and choices, and this is a wing place that charges extra for extra sauce, carrots, and celery. I mean, who charges for celery (except hooters, and that's a whole other rant)? The wings were, however, made to order, so despite an apprehensive first impression we were still optimistic. 

The first sight of the wings didn't prove to be a turn in the right direction, they were pretty standard, maybe even a little undersized...kind of disappointing for the wing stop, you know? The flavor and taste was good, but nothing more special than that $4 dozen you can get at the vine on Tuesday's (ahhh college memories). These were standard bar fare appetizer wings at quality wing prices. The fries that came with them were probably the best part, so needless to say, I'm glad I satisfied my curiosities but will not be returning. 

I don't write reviews to bash an establishment, but felt I needed to add my opinion, because the first two seem very misleading compared to the experience I had.
I was expecting an experience to BW3s, but that is not what I got. 

The Parmesan garlic wings do not have sauce on them, but are instead soaked in butter with Parmesan cheese sprinkled over top. Totally disgusting.  Their menu doesn't even mention that it isn't a sauce. 

The fries also have a weird sugary sweet kind of thing going on. They weren't very good.

I couldn't get through more than a few bites of each.

It's possible that the wings that actually have sauce (though the menu doesn't point out which those are) might be better, but I will never know...

I won't ever be back.
Solid wings and solid service.  Not a bad lunch spot.  Wings are always cooked fresh so its usually about a 15 minute wait for your food.
still the best Wingstop in town!
This was my first visit to a Wing Stop.  Overall, I had a good experience.  I ordered an individual combo online (8 classic wings with fries and a drink for about $8). I was given a pickup time of 25 minutes later. When I picked up my order (2 minutes after the pickup time), it was ready, and waiting on a small table just behind the cashier.  The cashier was fast, not overly friendly or peppy, but efficient and business like.  Not a huge turnoff, but not a stellar impression, either.  More important to me was that my order was ready on time, correct, and I was in and out quickly - all of which exceeded my expectations.

This location does *not* have the Coke Freestyle machine (as advertised at "select locations" on their website), by the way.  Fountain drinks included  Coke, Diet Coke (I think), some kind of punch, Minute Maid lemonade, Dr. Pepper and a couple of iced tea flavors (separate from the fountain dispenser).

So, the food.  I am one of those that can not deal with spicy foods, even fake spicy - like Taco Bell.  However, I do get cravings for honey wings, which most places do not have.  I first had them at Final Round (bar in Tempe), and the craving haunts me from time to time.  :-)  Wing Stop had a better flavor selection than most restaurants in my work area, including teriyaki and Hawaiian, so those are the two flavors I ordered.  I was not disappointed.  I had to try one of each of them right away (partially because I had been looking up wing joints for an hour previous to actually ordering and was more than ready to eat - partially to see if they were lukewarm from sitting out on a table prior to my arrival).  The temperature was perfect - nice and warm without being too hot to eat comfortably, the meat was juicy and tender, and the sauce was thick in consistency and applied liberally.  The Hawaiian wings had the honey flavor I was looking for with just a hint of pineapple in them.  The teriyaki wings tasted more soy saucey than most, and, as a result, were more salty than sweet.  Now, the fries.  Someone else wrote a review mentioning them, so I was forewarned.  It was a very strange experience eating them.  My taste buds were both intrigued and disgusted.  First it was sweet (ooooh!), then my brain kicked in and was like "What?!? You're supposed to taste like potatoes and salt - not pancakes!"  Suffice to say, all but 3 of the fries went to waste.  When I was able to sit down and eat the rest of the wings 25 minutes after my initial order pick up, the wings had maintained their perfect temperature, which is a big deal to me.

Is Wing Stop my new favorite place?  No, just by virtue of their specialty (and limited menu as a result).  I did, however, have a good experience overall, and know where I can meet my honey wings craving during business hours.  Will I return?  Probably.  The Hawaiian wings hit the spot (next time I'm getting those only!), and I'll have no problem remembering to NOT get the fries again.

Hope this helps!
Tried this place for the first time last year after a long day of work at the near-by business.  I ordered a lot of boneless wings with different flavors.  I especially love the garlic sauce, but I didn't talk with anyone after I ate it.  I also love their fries too.  I was sharing the wings with my girl and we spend undisclosed amount of money on our dinner.  Might go back again if I'm craving wings or fries!
This 5 star rating applies to this Wingstop and every other Wingstop it have been too. 

I'm giving them 5 stars because they are simply the best at what they do.  I'll start with their wings. They use a quality grade of chicken wing to start with, wings are a nice size but not artificially large like those humongous hormone wings you see some places. The wings are always fried perfectly crispy, to order, And tossed in the sauce of your choice. I usually go with Parmesan Garlic, lemon pepper or Louisiana rub, all of these flavors are delicious and I have yet to get tired of them. 

Aside from wings, their fries are to die for and they have the best ranch dressing I have tasted in my life. Wingstop is getting the 5 star rating from me by default. When I want good wings, fast, there's no alternative. The "competition" like long wongs, wing street and even BWW doesn't come close as far as quality or flavor. Wingstop is invaluable to me as it's really the only place that does wings right in my area and they have proven to be consistent and FAST.
it was very convenient for lunchtime. Customer service was okay they weren't very excellent to explain some sauce to us first timers. Parking was available.
Great wings. Great price. Great customer service. Can't find wings accompanied by this service anywhere else!!
I was a little hesitant about going here,  because it just seemed like it would be lame, but what the hell, sometimes you just want bar food and this is THE ultimate bar food.

I mean who doesn't like wings w/ a HUGE variety of dipping sauces? Sometimes a few brewskis and some wings is JUST what hits the spot.  So get your nose out of the air and go get some wings!
pretty good, we tried a couple flavors but the parmesean garlic and honey bbq are my favorite. 

will go again since the house is nearby anyways =)
Went there really late (10:30pm). It was pretty empty, so we got full attention from the waitress. The food is great though. I had the bbq wrap, which was made perfectly to balance with the meat and the lettuce. Mmm. The sauce in it was yummy. 

This is would be a great place to just hang out with friends and eat great wings. Must visit again when I'm there.
I eat here every once and a while.  It's not too far from where I live and sometimes you just feel like some wings.  Now in terms of wings, I would ranks this place as average.  I've gone to a wing joint in Cali called Wing Nuts and their wings are far better.

Service is good, fun at times depending on who you get.  The bar has a decent selection of drinks. (Edit:  Now corp owned, the drink selection has shrank)   The food normally comes out quickly.  I tried to work my way up the heat scale and got almost to the top.  However, my efforts were wasted one night when I drank too much and had spicy chicken sitting in my beer filled gut all night.  Let's just say that my esophagus has never been the same.  That pretty much ended my spicy food career.

On some nights the music gets a bit loud and you have to yell at your buddies to converse.  But all in all it's a good spot to get some wings if you're in the area.
I love chicken wings but the wings they use here are a bit too small. The boneless chicken wings is the best way to go even though it looks like chicken nuggets. The variety of sauces are pretty good. This may be the only thing that redeems this place. Everything is ala carte which means expensive for bar food. For the price...not worth it for me . Just buy your favorite  sauces and cook your own wings at home.
Worst.Service.Ever.
I realize that bartenders are not servers. I understand it is not in their job title. Foodtender...does not have the same flow right. But if you are going to serve food at your bar (that you are tending) one would assume that you kind of have an idea how the process goes. I waited for over 45 minutes for our order, was served the wrong beer twice. ( I ordered Newcastle, recieved BUD LIGHT?! then a bottle of Corona...) i finally gave up and drank the damn Corona. After I reminded her 3 times about our order, she brought it. cold. and with no silverware. Excellent!! She was rude in addition to being incapable of performing her job. Enjoy the 10% tip sweetheart, you were lucky to get it.
I love Buffalo Wind Wings (BWW) in any location but I especially love this location because it's where I was watching the college National Championship bowl game and that is where Texas lost and that obnoxious Texas fan parading around the bar had to sneak out of the restaurant because they lost. Haha. Anyway, I really do enjoy BWW because I love fried chicken limbs doused in sauce. I would say that their service could be a little better but it wasn't so bad that it ruined my meal.
This is the ONLY one American restaurant I'd like to go every week! 

Grilled chicken wrap
+
12pcs wings garlic sauce
=
perfect Friday lunch

or

+
1 cocktail
= 
perfect weekend meal
Ha...... I'm here again! Seems like I'm visit here every Friday :) 

I love ( lunch special ):
1. Traditional wings & fries: $7.49
2. Cheeseburger slammers & fries: $6.99
3. Buffalitos & salad: $5.99

 but I always order: 
1. Grilled chicken wrap: $7.99  --- cuz u can choose 'buffalo wild wings' sauce
2. 12 or 18 traditional wings with 'spicy garlic' sauce


Today! I'm going to try Chicken Carsar Wrap........ I love the one in BOMAS more :)

Also, what I want to mention is, I'm kind of picky and change my mind sometimes after order, but their services are good enough to treat me:) she still remember me 'hot water with honey and lemon' but they never provide honey :(
Did I mention that I LOVE Chicken Wings? Especially, Buffalo Wild's Tuesday special for .45 cents per bone in wings! 

Oh my oh my....I am like a crackhead that needs her fix who makes a weekly stop at Buffalo Wild's for Tuesday special to annihilate these wing tips like a crack pipe in the car before heading home for dinner!

For all boneless chicken finger lovers, don't fret! They have Thursday specials for .45 cents a finger as well! 

Enjoy the specials! Also, please don't worry and try not to bother if you see a tiny girl eating her wings in the car.  It might be just silly old me getting my fix on ;-)
Standard BWW fare here, open 24 hours. I shit you not, I had my first real cheeseburger here and did not get sick, so that's saying something.

Good beer selection on tap, standard bar food, good wings. What else is there to say? If you're in the mood for wings, here you are.
I've been to this location several times for various events.  Most recently I was there to meet a friend.  My friends and I love BWW because of the FREE Wireless Internet.   it allows us to work while we play.

It only gets 3 Stars in my book because the food is ok....nothing special.  Also, their beer is so/so.  The last visit I had their Wheat Beer and it was kind of blah...not much flavor to it.  I switched it up to Blue Moon after one glass.  i can get Blue Moon anywhere else.

They get bonus points for their service at this location...it was pretty solid.  However, the tables in the bar area were pretty nasty.  There was a huge layer of "gunk" on the table we were sitting at....so bad that the napkin under my beer stuck to the table.  It was gross.  They lost 1 Star because of that.

Will I return?  Yeah, because I have friends who like this location.  There are better locations in town.
This is one of the best BW3's I have been to in the Vegas area.  The staff is very personable, and the machines seem to pay out often, and well.
How can I miss $ .45 per wing with bone at BWW on Tuesday night??  So I ordered bunch of wings with all different tasty sauces as usual.. (Of course , I had one of my favorite beer, "Blue Moon" with slice of orange in a tall glass!)
Well, this is what I found,, one of the sauces called, "Asian Zing" which  is very close to the one I used to have & enjoy the most at Korean Fried Chicken(Yangyeom Dak) places in L.A.  The Hot chili pepper, soy sauce, ginger, & sweetness were all well blended  together... Yumm!!
Hmm, I'm thinking I might go back on Thursday night to try the boneless chicken fingers wth Asian Zing sauce.. I am ready for  burning/numbness on my lips of hot chili pepper once again~!!!
Yum! Yum! 

I love their new dry seasoning chicken wings! I tried their Buffalo flavor with extra crispy wings as usual and it was delicious! 

It is a MUST!!
If you're a chain restaurant, how can you not have consistency!?  To be honest, I think I've been to BWW almost once a week for the past few weeks.  Tuesdays are $0.45 bone in wings, and Thursdays are $0.60 boneless wings.  You go in, you tell them how many wings you want, and then you specify what sauce you want your wings to have.  Ranch costs extra.  The food is good bar food, but one day you may go and have your wings drenched in delicious sauce, while another day you could stop in and have dry spots on your wings.  Service is always just okay, what I'd expect from a bar.  Want wings?  Is it Tuesday/Thursday?  Then stop by!  I haven't been early enough, but I believe happy hour is from 5:00-7:00.  Open 24 hours.
love the wings! garlic parmsean!  also love the appetizer plate.. and playing video poker while drinking  linen kuegals.  

the service is always friendly and it's a clean establishment.. but not very big for patrons who do not want to sit at the bar... the location on las vegas blvd is actually a little bigger.. not much.. but bigger.

it's in an out of the way location, so seating is pretty easy...
I don't know what it is about this location, but it's not as good as the others.  I come here because a friend of mine comes here regularly, but I wouldn't come to this BWW otherwise.

My last visit was this past Thursday evening.  I was waiting for my friend in the bar and wanted to order a Ranger IPA.  I was told they didn't carry IPA on tap or bottled.....WTH?  The other location on North Durango & 215 has two IPA's on tap.....I was there 2 weeks ago, so I know they carry it.  I asked the waiter if they recently stopped selling IPA's and he said he didn't know and didn't even know what an IPA beer was!  I settled on a 24 oz Newcastle and put away 4 or 5 before the night was over.

Wow, I thought that BWW's were suppose to be consistent with their product.  I guess I was wrong.....whatever.

Will I come back?  Only when I come to visit my friend, otherwise I wouldn't come to this location.  There are better BWW's in Vegas.
A good place to have the Las Vegas Internet Marketing Association meeting, it has a good sized dining room area, including a large bar in back. Believe it when they say they have spicy wings, as I have done the red hot wings contest. I didn't win, but the guy who did had to leave after. They do have WiFi available, but it is not always working, so bring a backup. The sampler items are pretty good to nibble on. I have yet to have a full dinner at this location.
Since moving to the area last month, I've been trying to locate another Wings place nearby that matches up to the tasty ones from Hoagies and Wings in Sherman Oaks.  Buffalo Wild Wings can definitely fill those shoes.

There were a couple of BWW in the Valley in CA that I knew about, but I never gave them a try simply because I was already happy with the food and service at that other place.  I tend to be very loyal to a restaurant once I find one I like.  

This BWW is, literally, less than a mile from our house, so we gave it a shot.  The wings were meaty, the chicken club sandwich was juicy, and the Southwestern Chicken flip that my girlfriend got was delicious.  The service was also very good, albeit a little TOO friendly at times - made it seem as if we were being served by some wings cultists looking for recruits or something.  That's not a complaint (as overly good service is always preferred over the alternative) - it's just that they didn't need to try so hard.

We've definitely found our local wings restaurant.
I stopped by to watch Randy Couture embarrass James Toney  (UFC 118), which was shown for free. That's right, NO COVER! I foolishly got there an hour before the main event thinking I could easily get a table. The place was already packed. So, we waited for an hour and luckily got a table. I thought their wings were very good -- a little crispy, plenty of meat, and good flavor. I'll be back.
Newly renovated, this location maybe the nicest looking bdub's in Las Vegas.

Service was good, food was good.  Great place to hit up after your night shift.  

Caribbean Jerk Traditional Wings rule!  But what happened to those awesome "Cheeseburger Bites"?  

Any executives from Bdub's reading this, do us favor and bring the "Cheeseburger Bites" back!
Went here for lunch and the lunch specials were so affordable. Our server was a sweet heart and the fod was very good.
om nom nom
Love these wings!! Mango habanero and spicy garlic are delicious. Potato wedges are yummy too. You kinda get hooked with this place. Always available, open 24/7. Never fails.

ps: stay away from the "blazin'" sauce!!!!
Good wings and I got a killer burger there.  Liked Hurricane Wings better, but this place is a bit more casual feeling and does have a good selection of dry rubs/sauces. The habanero sauce was good, but a bit too heavy on the habanero flavor.  High ceilings, clean tables, good service.  If you like sports its a good place because thats all they had on their tvs. No news on though. Had some sort electronic trivia game too where you can compete against other customers.  I'll be going back.
Love this place! The food is great. My wife and I have been visiting this place for about two years now. It's one of our favorites and only fast food places we will visit.
There are a few good things about BWW.  First, the mango habanero sauce is great.  Second, I like playing the trivia game.  Lastly, the beer is reasonably priced and cold.  On the down side, the wings are so small that there has to be a law against killing chickens that young.  The service is hit and miss.  3 out of 4 times the service is fine, but if you get a bad one, it is really bad.
two words. MANGO HABANERO ;)

im a regular on tuesdays for .45 cent wings... but damn, do i have to bring my own bottle of Ranch sauce in my purse, since they charge .50 per little bitty serving? I GUESS.
Everytime I've come here, it's been fast and friendly service and good wings..I can't complain. It's never too crowded here except on super bowl Sunday of course ;) I usually come for boneless wing thursdays and they never disappoint!
Ate here on 3/19/11. They were getting ready for UFC Fight night. The hostess must have asked me 3x if we were staying for the fight. Each time I said no. Ok, we finally get seated, didn't have to wait long but no waitress to take drink or food orders. We had to flag a poor waitress down to get noticed. My wife got the shrimp with Mango Habanero sauce. She loved the sauce! Daughter got the mozarella sticks with ranch. I got the boneless wings with spicey garlic sauce. The wings were good just on the little large size. Good ambience and alot of sports action going on (March Madness, NBA, etc). Too many of the same tvs showing the same college basketball game but overall ok.
Great Place to watch sports and eat wings, especially with the big projection screen that plays out important championship games and most definitely, the NBA playoffs! Lets go Lakers.

Great selection of flavors for the wings.  My favorites are the asian zing, caribbean jerk and the mango habanero (it's hot as hell and gives me a stomachache every time.  Their fries are pretty good too.  I haven't really tried anything else to give an opinion about it.

Best thing about this location is that it's open 24hrs, so if you're craving wings for some reason late at night, this is the place to go!  It's .45 cents a wing during late hours and on tuesdays.
It's a chain folks!  Nothing spectacular, but for any of their daily specials and/or Happy Hour deals, just get in the car and go!

FANTASTIC PLACE to sit back and watch a game; which ranges from hockey, baseball, basketball, all at the same time.  Wide variety of beers to choose from and you KNOW what you're getting.  Small problem with my order, but was quickly remedied and staff/manager came by to check-in.  A nice place to just shoot a couple of hours and connect with friends or after work comrades.
your average BWW,  pretty clean, good items on the menu Clean awesome TV's
I have been a huge fan of BWW's for quite some time now and I still love going there about every week or two. The food is good, the servers are usually pretty friendly, the atmosphere is nice, and the prices aren't too bad. 

First off, the most important thing here, to me, are the wings. I love the traditional wings, but I've been enjoying the boneless lately because sometimes you'll get a gross chicken wing that came from a chicken on 'roids. You know, that super buff chicken that was always a jerk to all the other chickens for not being as muscular as he was... Anyways, those always taste like crap. So I've been sticking to the boneless; they're also more filling. Now the main thing at BWW's are the sauces. They have 14 sauces, 4 dry seasonings, and from time to time they will introduce a new sauce or seasoning, such as Captain Morgan sauce or Thai Curry seasoning. My all time favorite remains the Mango Habanero sauce. As far as the other food, it's really nothing special, some burgers, salads, wraps, and other basic menu items that most American casual dining restaurants will offer. Of course, you can add your favorite sauce to most of the menu items. They also offer a kid's menu and desserts. 

Next are the servers and atmosphere. Most of the times that I have been to BWW's, I have had a pretty friendly server, but there have been times when my server just really sucked. But I guess you will find that with a lot of places and you shouldn't be too concerned about that aspect because it will change by location, time of day, etc.... 
The atmosphere is fun! A bunch of flat screens all over the walls, some projectors, there's music, (which you can pay to pick, jukebox style), playing in the background, trivia games going on, and even games that you can bring to your table and pay to play. They are always showing basketball, football, baseball, soccer, and softball games as well as Nascar races, UFC fights, and other sports events. It's really a family friendly sports bar with good food. 

The prices aren't bad. A plate of wings will cost you from 6-12 dollars, depending on how many you get and if you choose bone in or boneless, which are slightly more expensive. They do have some cool deals though, like traditional Tuesdays when traditional wings are offered at 45 cents each and boneless Thursdays when boneless wings are offered at 60 cents each. Typically, ranch and celery/carrots come on the side at no additional cost, however on these days it costs 60 cents extra for each cup of ranch. 

Buffalo Wild Wings is a good place to grab a quick lunch or to watch the game with the guys and enjoy some good wings and a couple beers. If you haven't been, I would recommend it!
I can put away wings, in fact I offer to eat them dry with just a squeeze of lemon, this way I can fill up without burning my insides.  They have great specials, and as far as splats bars go, there isn't many out there that can compete with what they have going on.  Oh yea, the fried mushroom appetizer is my favorite item on the menu that doesn't "Cluck"...
I have enjoyed the BWW chain for years so when I found myself on the otehr side of town on an errand, I stopped in for lunch. Our server was accommodating and very sweet to my hard-of-hearing Stepmother. The facilities were clean and the restaurant is heavily equipped with large screen TVs. My reason for taking away stars is simply because of the price. A lunch for 3 people cost me $60+tip. I'm sorry, but for the bar food we had (sliders and wings) this is just ridiculous! I've had wings at so many different places in town and can't say that the ones they serve here justify the high price tag.
This is a chain that originated in Ohio but I am glad that it made it out west to Las Vegas. Although it can get pricey, since they don't have an actual happy hour, I do enjoy going in here to watch Kentucky basketball games with the other UK fans that frequent the bar. I usually take advantage of the Tuesday 45 cent wing nights. UFC fights are also fun to watch but you got to get there early to secure a spot because they have an awesome setup with many projector TVs and two separate zones for sound for watching and listening to sporting events.
THE best place for wings in Vegas. Great place to just hang n chill with friends, have a couple beers and chicken wings, and watch the game!!
The place does tend to get busy during the games so come early if you want a good spot.

Tuesdays are .45 wings

Favorite sauces: parmesan garlic, spicy garlic, asian zing, and mango habanero
They also have awesome fried pickles.
Love medium wings. There are none better. I do hate the "quick wings" when they assume they will be busy. Double fried and they sit for who knows how long. Ask for the fresh fried and enjoy them the way they should be eaten.
This is the First time I have been to this BWW. I absolutely loved it. We went on a Tuesday night. Our server was great, she really took care of us! I really recommend this location.
I am here at least once a week - rain or shine. I don't know if this is a good or a bad thing - probably good for my belly, bad for my heart.

I went to school in Buffalo and Wild Wings is the closest you are going to get to the authentic "wings" you can get in good ole' western NY. 

They have a great atmosphere, great staff, and great food. Sports buffs can be found crowding both the bar and the dining area during games as there are screens galore throughout. 

I honestly like this location better than the one on Hualapai & Flamingo, even though this location is slightly smaller.

If your new to "B-dubs", they even have a scale of how hot/spicy their different sauces are. And, if you're not in the mood for wings - they have other stuff on the menu too (from salads to burgers to a variety of appetizers).

Don't forget about the "seasonings" for the wings too. Essentially dry rubs, there's salt and vinegar, chipotle BBQ, buffalo, and desert heat. 

And now I'm hungry. Good thing they're open 24 hours a day!
Love the asian zing & honey bbq wings!

I come here religiously & have never been disappointed.
Got to love wings! Every sporting event you can imagine is broadcasts on one of the tons of TV's they have around the bar and restaurant section. Family friendly as well. They have great happy hour specials and on Tuesdays they have wing specials. They have a game you can play against others in the bar while your there and compete monthly which is fun. Service is good, quick and friendly. Place is clean and sport friendly. They also have an outdoor area with TV for those cool nights when you want the fresh air and still catch the games! 

Highly suggest for watching sports, great apps and wings (honey BBQ my fav). Also good for the family, my nephew loves it.
Mango Habanero wings are my guilty pleasure here. 

We don't really frequent Buffalo Wild Wings, but during football season the place beckons us. It's one of the only places I can convince my fella to go during the day on a Sunday. They obviously have great football viewing as well and a huge variety of wing flavors. My fella always goes for the spicy garlic and I order the mango habanero and a large cup of water. 

The service is really attentive and friendly which is impressive since they get so busy. 

Definitely a great place for sports viewing and spicy wings, 24 hours a day.
okay, we've been going to this restaurant since like 2 years ago. Me and some friends have this tuesday tradition going there. They've been great, but ever since they renovated it and added a whole new crew of staff, they've been slackin off with the service. youd think since were a regular they'd treat us better. so yesterday when me and my boyfriend went there for the tuesday special, i mean they got us seated right away even though they were super busy. FOOD WAS SUPER GREAT, like always (: but then the girl only checked on us once, and she was really late with giving us refills with the drinks. After we ate our meal, we tried getting the check, and it took us 4 times to call her and get it for us !! she passed by us like 3 times and i saw her look at us and YET she still didnt come up to the table. until i finally yelled out EXCUSE ME then she turned around and came up to the table. tsk tsk. OVERALL though, the food was amazing. service ? eh, it was okay
Well what is there to know about this big chain restaurant?

I only ever get chicken wings from here for the fact that it is what they are known for. The selection of sauces and rubs are nice. The wings are fried pretty well and the breading is pretty decent. The area has tv's everywhere and sporting events on them. That's at all of them, but that's the best part of going to buffalo wild wings, to sit down and enjoy a nice game with your buddies. I wish they served food that's wasn't fried but still a nice place.
My favorite sports bar to watch sports games, and since its within walking distance of my house it's even better. I come here on a regular so the food is good and the drinks are just right. 

Mango Habanero and Garlic  Parmesan are my favorite
Awesome spot to watch UFC with no cover. Wings are amazing, service was great!!

We tried 4 different types of wings, they were all so good. Beware of the Blazin... Boy are they hot!!!

We go there for almost every fight but I never got around to posting a review..

We will be back again!
What the heezy?! My wings are dry! This is the second time! Come on guys!
This B Dubs has the distinction of being my favorite location in the valley.  Full Disclosure: It touts itself as an unofficial University of Kentucky bar so I am predisposed to love it.  Setting that little fact aside, the traditional and boneless wings are consistently hot which can be an issue at BWW.  The servers are very nice and generally on top of things and I like the fact that the bar and dining area are connected.  

Anyone who says BWW doesn't have the best selection and flavors for sauce is out of their mind or really just a big fat liar.  In either case, I wouldn't take their advice.  This location is a really open space and a great spot to watch your favorite team.  Go Cats!
Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (37 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!

Great establishment.

1 star = for the massive number of TVs they have in the bar, including some huge displays for the big games of the day.  They are willing to seat you near the TV that is playing the game you are interesting in watching.  They are also willing to change the channel for you if the current ones playing aren't of interest.

2 stars = for their selection of drinks.  They offered us green colored beer on St. Patty's day too!

3 stars = for the food!  Besides their wings, they offer quite a selection.  All of their appetizers are awesome.  Make sure to have their soft pretzels; the cheese sauce is amazing and has kind of a curry or cumin kick to it.  Their sliders are huge, and their pita chips w/ spinach dip are yummers!

4 stars = duh! for their wings.  Order them naked so you can try more than one type of dipping sauce; they have lots.  Garlic Parmesan is one of my favorites.

5 stars = for having games to play at your table.  They have trivia to play against other people at the bar as well.

Thumbs up if you want to watch a game and eat good food!
Amazing! I looove boneless honey BBQ wings! Every time I come here the bartenders and waitress are great, always polite and take care of what I need. The only downer it takes Sooooo long for the wings, even if there are no people there. Oh well everything else rocks. Great beer selection for a local bar.
I love that B Dubs is such a relaxed, chill place AND is open 24 hours, although I have yet to even be at one past 10pm. Whether it's to go or dine in I've never had a big problem here (if there's a mistake it's very small and corrected very quickly), always get great service, good prices, great selection of drinks (although the mixed drinks are always super weak, so do yourself a favor and get beer or something nonalcoholic), and now that it's baseball season I love watching games while I'm eating. Food always comes pretty fast even when it's busy, and the food is always ready when they say it will be when I get it to go. I've always been curious to try the trivia they offer but am kind of busy stuffing my face and have messy hands, so it's still entertaining enough to watch it on the tv whilst waiting for food.

We go to B Dubs almost every week (mostly at this location too) and I can't imagine getting sick of it. I try to avoid busy restaurants on the weekend nights but this is always a good default when you don't want to be waiting for a table for 30 minutes to an hour somewhere else. This is a somewhat small location though and on nights with big fights or big games it is pretty crowded, so then I just go to the location on  Hualapai and Flamingo :) the parking lot is shared with a lot of other businesses so the few spots right in front of B Dubs can fill up quickly and you'll have to park off to the side. Almost nothing better than wings and beer, and I tend to order only medium, maybe some honey bbq or mild once in a great while! Garlic parmesan is alright and I'm not a big fan of the teriyaki. My only beef with B Dubs is that the mixed drinks are really lame, they're just so weak that you shouldn't bother ordering one and being pissed about the missing alcohol. Oh well!
Pretty disappointed with tonight's service. Ordered on their website for pickup. I was given a pickup time of 50 minutes later! When I got there, the food wasn't ready. I get home and I'm missing an order of 14 wings! Called them up and they said come back. 15 minute drive back and food wasn't ready. After we received food, we didn't get any reimbursement for our troubles. I'm wondering why I gave a 15% tip for this pickup order. 

This was the 2nd time we've done a to go order and it's been bad. The fries both times have a serving size of a happy meal fry, and it's $3.
Manager was very accommodating, despite the fact that I called the day before to book a family gathering for my mom and dad for about 16 people.  I booked for a Tuesday lunch before my dad had to have his procedure done on Thursday so that he could have something in his belly before his 24 hour fasting.  They were pretty packed for lunch but still managed to fit us in.
If you plan on placing an order for pickup with the expectation that it'll be a quick and convenient idea for dinner, think again.

Last night, my sister and I went to this location and placed an order for TWO wraps and an appetizer.  The little girl with a horrible attitude at the pickup desk, ARLENE, read our order back to us and I stopped short when I didn't think I had heard both wraps be read back.  I asked her if she got both wraps to which she nodded her head enthusiastically while my sister joked to her that there was no way our total would only be for one wrap and an appetizer, which ARLENE laughed at with us.

We left for the requisite 15 minutes to Vons and after that time, I went back to get our order.  Arlene brought my bag of food around and opened every container for me to see, but I noticed that there was only one wrap in the bag, so I asked her where the second wrap was.  She tells me, "you only ordered one."  I lost it.  I RE-PLACED the order, went outside to grab my debit card and gave it to my sister for her to handle the order...again!

Apparently, my sister voiced her frustrations to this girl and was met with no apathy or readiness to please the customer due to her error.  My sister asked how long it would be for the additional food and Arlene told her it would be another fifteen minutes, at which point my sister expressed how upset she was that the rest of our food would be cold by then. Arlene's respone?  "There's really nothing I can do about that."

After waiting an additional fifteen minutes for the rest of our order, Arlene held up the bagged item for my sister who snatched it angrily out of her hands.  Rather than let my sister's anger be the ending to this horrible experience, she closed the night off with a sarcastic and loud, "Friendly!" remark to the other waiting customers.  UNACCEPTABLE!!!  

This yelp will be superceded by a call to this location's manager and, if nessecary, further action up the corporate chain.  My advice to Arlene is that if you don't want a job that involves customer service and having to deal with upset customers, especially when you mess up and can't even take responsibility for it, then find something else that would benefit from your limited skill set.
Great wings here. Finally a place that can make a spicy buffalo wings. Our waitress Brittany was amazing and very attentive, happy and friendly.
Awesome place to enjoy a cold beer and bar food. Tuesdays and Thursdays they have wings specials.   Wings Tuesday and  Boneless Thursday.  great Atmosphere and perfect place to watch UFC fights or football games for free
I come here often, a few times a month.

Service is a hit or miss here. Their berry lemonade is amazing! Definitely my favorite. Food is alright. I've learned to stick to their wings and fries. 

When gambling, sometimes are drinks are comped, and sometimes they're not. A little bit of inconsistency here, but will continue being a regular.
I am there every Monday for MNF and Stephanie is always our waitress. She totally takes care of us like we're kings! I would give it more stars, but it's just a BWW....
This BWW is home to the Las Vegas Texas A&M club for 2012.
This is my regular hangout and there's a reason why.  The staff is great, I've never had bad service, whether I'm in the bar or restaurant side.  Their selection of beer has something for everyone, they've recently added lots of new microbrews for you beer snobs.  
I can always watch my favorite teams play, the staff is very accomodating to let everyone get to see the game they want to see.  Plenty of TVs so everyone has a good seat for the games.
The food is always hot, fresh and tasty...I love the boneless wings and corn dogs!
Ordered to go and our food was ready in no time! I love their wings and onion rings! Had the left overs the next morning. Tasted so good that I wanted more for lunch. Plus they are open 24/7. Awesome!
Excellent food and even better service.  Our Las Vegas Texas A&M Club  watches Aggie football games at BWWINGS and we have been treated like royalty.  The management of this store has even gone so far as to get pay-per-view when one of our games was not on regular TV.  The food and beer are served promptly.  I would also like to take this chance to nominate Stephanie as the best server in America.  She truly makes our game watching experience special.
Wings and huge TVs showing sports. Sounds like a quality lunch spot to me.

To save time I usually call in my order ahead of time, then plan my arrival at the restaurant for when they predict my food will be ready. Servers are always nice and don't mind splitting checks, which is nice since I'm usually at BWW with co-workers. The prices are great if you go on Traditional Wing Tuesday or Boneless Wing Thursday.
Decent enough... They were super busy, as the NFL playoff games were being shown. Service was expectedly a bit on the slower side because of that, but they didn't rush us or pressure us to order more food/drinks while we were there.  I found the mango lemonade to be super sweet. We got the nacho burger and fries, which were both way too salty. The wings, however, were good.  Lots of TVs, and they happily split the checks and prepared a to-go order at our request.
I know I shouldn't like this place, but I really do. I've been visiting this location since I was in high school! Geesh, long time, and I've gone through phases. I used to love it, then I couldn't go anymore because of health reasons, then I finally went back in moderation and now I love it again.

There are a lot of dishes that could use makeovers, but I'm not here for fine dining, so I order a few select items and I stick to them. I almost always order wings (or "boneless" when I'm feeling lazy or don't want to get messy) and potato wedges with Cajun seasoning! Delicious, delicious, delicious. Actually, I only order one sauce now: Chipotle BBQ (well, it's a dry seasoning, but even better because I love seasonings more than sauces). When I'm in a saucy mood, I go for Hot BBQ or Honey BBQ. I've had most of the other sauces and seasonings and they're all good. The potato wedges are just soo good. The chive and onion seasoning and flavorful, crispy exterior creates delicious potatoes. They used to have the Cajun option on the menu, but have removed it for a few years, so just ask for it and they know. And trust me, the Cajun MAKES it the best fries (well, behind duck confit fries..and well, yeah you get the picture; it's not the very best, but it's darn good). Oh, and don't forget the vegetable boat and ranch dressing. Yum.

I'm sure everyone knows about Wing Tuesdays and Boneless Wing Thursdays (and late night happy hour as well?). My brother and I calculated it before and it's only worthwhile when you order a certain amount of wings and if you don't want the veggie boat or dressing/dip (since these are extra on those orders). I like those things, so the wing specials don't matter to me as much.

I've had my share of appetizers and other entrees and for the most part, they're tasty, but not amazing. I do not like their nachos, so I would avoid those if I were you. Also, not very Vegetarian-friendly here; even all their salads have meat, but I'm sure you can order them without the animals.

Oh, and they're open 24 hours. Can't complain!

EDIT (02/26/2013): Now you have the choice of traditional or boneless on Tuesdays and Thursdays don't have a special anymore. Also, I just noticed that they have a black bean burger as a protein option on their menu!! How exciting! And I almost swore them off for Vegetarian eats! I'll need to try that next time I'm here.
I've noticed the quality of wings have gone down-hill over the years with the chain in general.  They have added additional flavors and styles (such as the dry rub) but I always go with either traditional or boneless mild/BBQ.

The main thing I notice isn't as good is how the wings are sauced.  Sometimes all in the same order one wing will be loaded and another one almost dry.

Service is always really good here though, servers refill drinks quickly and there are TV's everywhere you go to watch the game.  Lunch specials are available and they even have a frequent lunch card.

i might try other wing places, but I'll seldom turn-down an invite to "B-Dubs"
Been here a buncha times, mostly for late nights or Wing Tuesday or Thursdays, when theres wing specials. I believe  the graveyard wing special no longer exists and its $0.60 tues boneless or bone-in now. I remember when I first moved here in '06 and my sister told me about this great wing place that had $0.25 wings on Tuesdays and I love my wings. My eyes literally got big at the thought of it. What followed was I visiting this B-dubs every tuesday and ordering 3 different sauces of 6 wings each. I worked my way down their heat scale from the mild to hot til I tried them all. Did I say I love wings? haha
The wing special price has slowly creeped up in the past 7yrs sadly and now is more than double what I originally knew.($0.25 to 0.60) Might not go as often as before due to the happy hour not being as good a deal anymore but I'll still go sometimes.
I do try other items on their menu on ocassion but usually I'm there for the wings! My fave sauce has to be the spicy garlic. The fried pickles and their onion rings ain't too shabby either. Service for the most part has been great from the bartenders and waitresses. The few times theres been a problem it was promptly corrected without hesitation. Drinks refilled before the current one is empty. Great place to grab some late night grub since they are open 24hrs.
Have been here many times. Great food. Your server can vary, i've gone from great to "eh" but never bad. Came here to watch the fights. Put a nice dent in their kitchen with nachos, chicken, and mozzarella sticks for good measure. Can't lose  with BDUBS
Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 15/100

Don't expect anything fancy. Decent selection of bar food...I'd recommend the wings (of course), especially the honey BBQ or Spicy Garlic. If you're with a group consider ordering  the sampler which includes some delicious fresh chips, soft pretzels, some super spicy wings. Ambiance is decent and there's plenty of seating and TV screens around showing all types of sporting events. They also get bonus points for being  having the entire restaurant Nonsmoking .. (rare in Vegas).  They also serve my favorite 'beerish' drink...Pear Cider. Yes, I'm a weenie and I enjoy cider.  Also, they offer 60 cent per wing ( boneless or bone-in) on Tuesdays.. Go get your grub on...
Ive been here a million times and this place never disappoints! Sometimes the service is slow if they are busy but they keep your drinks full, they have a million TVs and the game to keep you entertained until your food arrives. the atmosphere is great for game watching and having a large group of people, never have to worry about being too loud or disrupting others. I'm obsessed with the mango habanero but they have a flavor for everyone.
UFC fights for free...get here about 5-6p to get a seats for mediocre fight cards, for big fight cards like with Jon Bones Jones or Spider Silva you need to be here about 4-430 for a good seat. Service is always good......
Watching the HEAT game! Stephanie is the best server hands down. She makes the BWW experience unique and makes you want to come back because she always comes to say hi whether she is waitressing our table or not.
Out of all the Buffalo Wild Wings I have gone too in town, The Warm Springs Location Definitely has the best Vegas Hospitality! I usually sit at the Bar, Shane The Bartender is Great at his Job. Im never waiting around for another Drink, and My food is always out hot and fast!
The wings are great but sometimes the service is less the spectacular. On our last visit we were seated promptly but that's where the great service ended. It took about 5 minutes just to get water and about another 15 for straws. The staff looked like they were cleaning but it never appeared to get clean. So after we ordered the wings took longer than usual and another waitress brought them out (which is not a problem) but our server looked confused that we had food. That was also the last time we saw her. Never got refills and had to flag down someone after finishing and waiting for 15 minutes with empty baskets and drinks. Bdubs you have to step it up, you can't hope your wings make people forget lousy service!
This Bdubs finally screwed up my order. 

I've been here probably ten times. Having a Buffalo Wild Wings in close proximity is .25% of the reason we bought the house in the area. I like what the business does and they usually do it pretty well. However, as happens when you employ actual people, one of them made an honest mistake and put meat on my wife's nachos. Which we didn't discover until I had returned home.

I called them back and relayed the problem (we have dead animal on this stuff. We specifically asked for no delicious animal murder on these chips) and they offered us free food. We said we didn't want free food we just would like an exchange please.
The nachos we recieved looked like the menu. You know how food never looks as good as it does on the menu? These looked like Mario Batali plated our Bdubs nachos. They also *forced* chocolate cake on us. The manager personally apologized. All of this highly unnecessary but very appreciated.

I have come away impressed every time I've eaten here. The beer list is great (this varies from Bdubs to Bdubs) the service is good. The only bad thing is they get full during big UFC events. Completely reasonable.

Highly recommended.
Great wings, and definitely have some unique flavors.  Total guilty pleasures.

You get seated quickly, and it's not bad service, but I think general, we did the bottomless boneless wings, and they took at least 20-30 minutes to get us the refills.  Similar type of service for drinks (less than the 30 minutes, but it's a wait).

I can't say that I care a lot about the service during the work week.

Great food.  Hopefully service is better, since we come to this location quite a bit for lunch.
Every time we come we leave satisfied! We get the same hostess Tara, every time we go and she is soooo sweet and friendly. The waitress's are always on their game, the place is clean and the food is always 100%. Tonight I had the Mediterranean salad and I'll be honest I never thought of getting a salad at a place like this just cause the chicken n burgers are always so tempting! But my salad was so amazing! My hubby had the nacho burger and our daughter got the buffalo blue cheese burger which has become their usuals! We love this place!
Went to order some wings for dinner, the young girl that took my order repeated my order twice and also got my order wrong twice. 

I asked for 36 wings (12,12 & 12 of different sauces) and she even advised me to get 25
& 10 would be less expensive. But I. My bag only put 24 wings. Then she didn't put the salads I ordered into the bag. 

I understand if they were busy to maybe make one mistake,but they weren't busy. 

I want to give them a good review since I've been to other Buffalo Wild Wings and they went above and beyond. 

This Buffalo Wild Wings needs to work on its customer service skills and there needs to be someone to double check the orders. 

Not returning any time soon.
Good Happy Hour specials. Draft $3 domestic , $4 and $5 draft import. Half off appetizers and plenty of TV's.
Great fun place to eat and watch the games, great customer service..
We had a number of issues when we ordered online, so they put our names in the book to make up the order the next time (calling in rather than going online), but they forgot a few things again (we were in a rush and didn't have time to check our bags), so they put our names in the book again. The third time, the General Manager took care of our orders and bagging and went through each box of food to make sure everything was there- success! 

Everyone was very nice and helpful, just make sure you order at the front or via phone (and check your bags if you have a large order). They did everything to make us happy and I appreciate that. 

We'll be making BWW a weekly thing :)
Awesome like always! This is the one I visit the most and always a good experience. Their new app (onion rings/potatoes/prime rib/ nacho thing) was amazing!! Can't wait to get it again! And on Tuesday nights wings are cheaper. I thought it was a pretty good deal considering how many wings we got.
I am very impressed with the staff aswell as the food. This location is great for watching UFC or any sports.
My go to weekly NFL spot.  I arrive every week at 9am and stay till the Sunday night games.  It's a cheers like atmosphere where you know everyone.  Brenda is always my server and she already knows what i want to eat and drink.  The food is consistent.   It's not gourmet but they consistently put out good food at affordable prices.  Great spot for NFL, college football, UFC and Boxing PPV events.
Food is "meh" however love the bar, reasonably priced drinks AND they show the UFC fights. Fun environment and the bartenders are friendly.
I live between the locations on Las Vegas Boulevard and Durango. This location is definitely my preferred choice.

Setting: It's a sorts type of wing bar. I was seated promptly after arriving to a Tuesday bball game night with $0.60 wing special. Place was packed.  As always, I order myself Garlic Parmesan and Honey BBQ and boyfriend orders the same along with Thai Curry. A basket of onion rings for appetizer. Not anything special, just hungry for any protein that will curb hunger.

What was supposed to be a routine 10-15 minute wait became a 45min wait. The manager did rounds to each table about 20 minutes in and conversed with customers, greatly apologizing. He said one of the fryers was down and kitchen was insanely backed up. He explained that was even no excuse for the wait and that they'll take care of our wings. (I understand that it's not human error...they're doing the best they can!) Staff was sincere and working hard. Server consistently checked in on us and refilleddrinks.

Overall: Food was ok. Onion rings were battered. Not breaded. Not really worth that long of a wait, but what got this place four stars was service.  Service was attentive despite their backup and when the manager said they'll take care of our wings to apologize for the wait, he really meant it! All the wings that night were free of charge.

One of few places where I know manager routinely does rounds with the customers' table. I don't even think other restaurants would try be so accommodating while you wait. Best bdubs in the valley for service
Happy hour from 2pm -7pm & 10pm-6am Monday through Fri. $3 appetizer/drink specials. We had cocktails, boneless wings & mozzarella sticks. Food was hot, fresh & delicious. Excellent service. Brian was an awesome bartender! May be my new local spot.
Came here to watch Silva lose in UFC 168. And lose he did! MUAHAHAH!!! 
The fights start at 7pm. I told the guys to meet up at 5pm. WHOA. The place was PACKED already! We did score a table out on the patio however ALL of their heaters were BROKEN so it was QUITE cold but service was great. 
Next time we will have to arrive at 3pm! EEK!
We met up with some friends to catch UFC 168.  They had gotten a table outside on the patio so luckily we had a place to sit.  The place was jam-packed inside.  The TV's outside are a little high, IMO, so you're constantly craning your neck up unless you're standing up. Also, it was freezing and I guess their heat lamps died.  

On the plus side, they do not charge cover for the fight, which is rare.  I guess beggers can't be choosers.  We had to go inside and order drinks at the bar as the wait staff was completely swamped.  Surprisingly, service was quick and efficient once you were able to worm your way in through the crowd up to the bar.
Love this place, really do. BWW is an awesome place for happy hour, to watch games, catch up with friends, hang out, whatever! Good bar food, nice atmosphere. BUT today, the service we had was just terrible. Beth, our server, was atrocious. There was a time when we almost asked her if she was trying to get off work, because that's how extremely rushed and uncomfortable she was making us feel. There was even a time when she came by and actually asked if the check was ok, when we told her we were alright and didn't need anything at that moment. (Mind you our drinks were still half full and we were all in a fun conversation just chit chatting and enjoying ourselves). It was just unbelievable. Of course I will be returning to BWW, but if she's ever my server again, I will be promptly and politely asking for another.
Best place for wings and games! If there is football on thats where u will find me! Try the chillycheese frys
Normally my experience is good here, but tonight I ordered a side of the fries/cheese and almost got sick. The plastic coating on the bottom if the box melted into the food and thankfully we caught it before eating too much.
Went there Friday night. The wings were good. The bartenders were friendly and they had a good happy hour ($3 cocktails and domestics.) Me and the hubby played some trivia which I had never done before at a place like that with their little devices. It was my first time to a BWW and I would go back.
BDUBBS!!! 

Love grabbing drink and wings here. My favorite sauce is the hot BBQ. I also like getting the boneless wings. I feel like I get more that way. 

I like that they have mikes hard lemonade. I know, weak drink, but sometimes I just want something other than beer and hard liquor. 

Once in a while i get the chipotle dry rub which is pretty good too. I've been meaning to tell my brother to do their blazing challenge. 12 of their hottest wings in 6 minutes, goodluck!!
I come here regularly and the service is always excellent. Their food is great and love the wing deals they have. Plenty of selection with drinks and have a variety to choose from for food.
I always had great experience here. The service is alway great, staffs are very friendly and fun. Great place to watch UFC and sports. The wings are the best. My favorite is buffalo dried seasoning. You should try cheese curds. It is the best. This is My family's most favorite restaurant.
Whether I'm getting lunch during work or having some drinks and wings with the crew, he spot. The Mango is hotter than the Wild, FYI. Huckleberry lemonade is nice during work, and Dos Equis on tap is even better after work.
Fantastic BWW! Third time here @ this location & awesome each & every time! Katrina was the best server & went the extra mile to make our visit a great one! Love this sports bar! Wings, salad & flatbread were great! My husband had hot chocolate caramel brownie w ice cream & passed out for a nap! Way to deal with Daylight Savings Time & springing forward! Thanks BWW for making a manic Monday better!
I cant get enough of there medium spicy boneless wings.  They are my favorite in town.  

There lunch specials make the please more reasonable.
Great place for the big games, went for march madness. Service was great as usual at the bar. Love the selection of games and brewskis. If you want the sound to a particular game they have no prob switching it or polling the crowd on which game to listen to.
I catch this place on tues or thurs when they have wing/boneless specials, wanna say happy hour is 4-7 pm. The wings are usually just a tad too breaded with less meat, this time it was a perfect combo but the last two times they were less saucy than a Mormon Christmas party, other than that a great game/dining experience. Kimberly is the best bartender at a busy bar you could ask for. Only knocking it a tad cause wings are in the name so you should have those down pat. 3 out of 5 this time.
Great specials on Tuesday $.60 bone in wings and $.60 boneless wings on Thursday.  Great flavors and varieties from the mild flavors to the extremely hot. You can buy all their sauces and take them to go. Must try the salt and vinegar fries. Great tang. The chopped salads and flat breads are a great healthy combination.  Bring the kids for the video games and if you're not a sports fun they have great trivia game.
Another place I usually feel gross after leaving. I do really like the garlic Parmesan wings. I also like that you can get a carrot stick boat. What I don't like is how they skimp on their beer pours... Literally 8oz of foam or more sometimes, and they try to justify it with a lame excuse about how their tap works. Not so... 1/2 the beers poured are full or close to full, the other 1/2 are crap foam buckets.
I really should be giving them a 1*, but I'm in a generous mood. Service was terribly slow tonight. I had to ask a manager to bring waters to the table. It was boneless wing night, so we tried them... Disgusting. Where's the chicken? I got a basket of hard, crunchy, fried breading. I do not know how this qualifies as food, let alone chicken. Ordered the roasted garlic mushrooms... Since when is a roasted mushroom fried!?!?!? Next, tried to order a Batch 19 draft (from the beer menu)... Oops, we don't carry that. To top it off, the only real food item on the menu (veggie boat) is no longer on the menu.
Really enjoy myself at during sporting events here! The food is not great but the atmosphere compensates for it. I have always had great service here and they always have some kind of great happy hour. My kids really enjoy it so its great to go as a family as well!!! They have tvs everywhere and you can't beat the prices!
the wings and sauce were on point. the draft beer selection was impressive.  I hunted down the manager to ask him if he could change the sound from the nfl draft (3rd round) to the nba playoffs. he took a poll over the mic immediately and changed the sound the fairest way possible(crowd reaction). the only reason this establishment is not getting 5 stars is because my friends and I all had trouble with getting comped drinks that we deserved based on our gaming.
My fiancé and I have been to all the Buffalo Wild Wings in Vegas and this is the best one. Great service. Food comes out fast. They keep an I on there tables if anyone needs refills. They have never gotten our order wrong like other Buffalo Wild Wings have. The waiters are very nice also.
I like BW3 in general, but this location is DA BEST!  Been coming here ever since they opened (6-7 years ago?) because our house is just around the corner, and it's always been a great experience.  So no, their food isn't French Laundry, it's just wings and other bar foods.  But I'm going to give it 5-stars based on one thing - the Mango Habanero wings!  I've had this at other BW3s before, but they're not 5-star-worthy.  This one is.  Mango-y but not too sweet, big time habanero that is fiery hot and does justice to this sauce being the 3rd hottest out of the 1000 sauces they have.  I'm just scared for #1 & 2...

The other sauces are also great (maybe not 5-star worthy), and their burgers are really good as well which was a pleasant surprise.  Service is great all-around, especially the pretty sweetheart at front.  And this place is just hopping all the time with great vibe and lots of TVs.  Just such a fun place, if you can get a seat!

So 4-star value on the food except the 5-star Mango Habanero, at least 4-star service and a can't-fail 5-star enjoyment all rolled into a place walking distance from the house.  How can you go wrong?

Table-for-1 Factor:  So there is a downside, you probably can't enjoy all this if you're alone unless you're willing to take a chance on walking in by yourself.  Awkward...
Expensive! But friendly staff, my food was cold when they brought it to me, they replaced the whole order and gave me 10% off.
This place is disgusting. After not having dined at a Buffalo Wild Wings in YEARS, my husband did not want to stop at Wing Stop on the way home, and since BWW is just around the corner from my home, he urged me to try it again. Never ever again.

It was Thursday and they have a wonderful deal of $.60 boneless wings, except that they ended up coming out as fried little pieces of sub-par "chicken". We got 5 sauces: mango habanero, spicy BBQ, Thai curry, lemon pepper,and garlic parm. They were all terrible. The garlic parm was HORRIBLE! They squirt slimey, sticky "sauce" all over these wings, without a hint of real cheese or garlic and call it good. Lemon pepper was the best, although probably because they were plain fried "chicken" and weren't coated in one of their disgusting sauces. Thai curry shouldn't even be a flavor of chicken wings because they were disturbing. Spicy BBQ was nothing original, and on the same level as lemon pepper. Mango habanero were so spicy that we could only eat one each because we didn't want to be in agonizing pain.

We also ordered a side of fries, which were cut skinny and fried crispy. I liked the fries, and tried the salt and vinegar seasoning. The seasoning was tasty for the first couple of bites, but got old very quickly. Overall, we tossed most of the wings because we only tried about 1 of each, when we ordered 30 wings total followed by extreme bloating the following day. We will definitely stick to their competitor.
If you live in the deep west side of the Valley... You will appreciate this location! It literally is walking distance from my house and is in such a great plaza.

Anyways, this location is a decent size. The service is "on point" though. They are usually very quick on seating you. Just like all the other reviews - BWW is the perfect place to watch your sports shows. It gets really packed and full of energy during college basketball season, especially when the Rebels are playing.

My go-to order is a toss up between the honey bbq, chicken parmesan, and mild wings. I almost always have to get a regular order of french fries or potatoe wedges with cheese. It's a must in my book anyways. They have a good drink menu. I love their bahama mama - its the perfect fruity drink for me.

To sum it up, if you're craving wings and are on the west side. Don't forget to hit this location up.

Tip: Try to go on a Tuesday or Thursday for their discount price on traditional and boneless wings. If you like traditional go on Tuesday and if you're a fan of boneless go on Thursday.
Just left Buffalo Wild Wings. Wish I had just went to bed hungry. My bf and I walked in. We proceeded to the back of the bar where we took the initiative to greet this chunky girl since she made eye contact with us. She had a big nose and her dark hair in a messy ponytail. She stood by the pos system while we walked by and said "hi" then she gave us a cold blank stare and looked at us as if we had bothered her without saying a word. We sat down I ordered 10 traditional wings and my bf ordered the grilled buffalo chicken buffarito. It sucked. Tortillas were raw. Chicken was plain and seemed artificial. Then I got my wings. When the runner brought them out I asked if it came with carrots and celery(since that's what they usually always come out with). He said no "you have to ask your server for them". I said "okay". He responded with "do you want me to get them for you?" With a look of it being a huge deal to him. So I smiled and said "never mind I'll ask my server" he smiled with relief and said "okay, cool" my server was also the bartender and got very busy but when he finally did come around I was almost done with my slimy wings and asked for celery and carrots. After observing my wings he said "you still want carrots and celery?" I replied with a "yes please" he brought them out, dropped them off at my table in such annoyance and a hurry with no eye contact, no time for me to thank him, nothing! Celery and carrots were so cold they were a little frozen. The chile on the chile cheese wedges was dry and cold. Won't be coming back for a long time.
Me and boyfriend have been coming here at least once a week for the past month , and he always plays poker when we come so we sit at the bar obviously , today we came in and he put his money in as we waited longer than usual for the bartender (not our usual one ) he finally came and once we tried ordering our drinks he walked away then came back without our menus , we ordered our drinks and the menus did not come after our drinks came he gave us the menus , finally after about 15min of us waiting he tells us to move because we were not playing the machine quick enough ? Not to mention his attitude was far worst than ever , we still had money in the machine and he was being a complete jerk !has he ever heard of customer service ? I think not . I get that you have to play the machine and those are the rules to sitting at the bar , but hey let's try this thing called being polite ya jerk ,after we were forced to move no one sat where we were sitting guess the demand was pretty high to sit there ? On a lighter note out server Wes was a doll and the food was great as usual  , and To the bartender named Brian my tip to you is be kind when has rudeness ever paid off ?
This is my 3rd visit in about a months time. I used to frequent the North Durango location until I moved and haven't been back to. BWW's in about 4 years. The food has been good all 3 times. The restaurant is clean and the staff is friendly. Our last visit they seemed to be playing music from the late 90's and we enjoyed that. Today we had Donald as our server and I seriously want to request him every time we dine there. He isn't annoying, he's efficient, friendly, funny and just a huge asset to your resturant. My husband and I will be regulars at this location and even drive out of our way because I'm not a fan of the Flamingo location.
This place has the worst, most horrible service ever!!! Even when your sitting right at the damn bar! Don't ever ask for a side of hot sauce or anything that doesn't. One with your item. The little botches behind the bar can't seem to figure out how to make it happen!
What a complete and utter disappointment!  My husband and I went their today for a late lunch, and by late I'm talking about 3pm, so we completely missed the lunch rush.  The place was not at all busy and we sat at a table in the half empty bar.  We sat there for 10-15 minutes and no one came over to take our drink orders, give us menus, or even acknowledge our presence.  We didn't even get an "I'll be right with you."  After waiting for as long as we did and still thirsty and starving, we got up to leave.  On the way out I mentioned to the hostess who thanked us for coming that we were never even served.  She said she would tell a manager, but who knows if that happened.  Afterwards, we drove to Hooters and got excellent service and were served immediately.  The Buffalo wild wing server lost out on a big tip.  Next time serve your customers.
Good, greasy, cheap happy hour for hang overs. Order your wings bare and then you can have as many sauces as you want by dipping them into "samples"
My boyfriend and I have been in here a couple of times and both times had the same bartender taking  care of us. Not only did he have great recommendations but also just great over all service. This yelp is 100% service related being a bartender myself it's always refreshing receiving great service when I dine out. Buffalo Wild Wings you did a great job when you hired Kyle and because of him we will be in more often!
Stopped in a few weeks ago to check out the successor to the Atomic 29, which was a short lived BBQ joint that formerly occupied this space.

The Tilted Kilt is a YAF (Yet Another Franchise) class establishment, that some some clever people have christened the "Irish Hooters".   The original location made its debut at the Rio in Las Vegas, and it has been spreading like an airborne virus across the land ever since.

What's good about the Tilted Kilt:  Lots of beer on tap, including, Four Peaks Tilted Kilt, Stone Arrogant Bastard, and Rogue Dead Guy Ale. Available in big ole "Man Size" 20oz imperial pints.  Stockings and plaid skirts.  Lots of flat screen TVs, and one big projector screen playing sports if that's your thing.    Stumbling distance from my fortified compound.

What not so good:  The meat-head crowd that a few of the above features attract.   YAF status.  Totally blacked out windows, a la every shitty bar in Las Vegas. Crappy tattoos.

The first night I went they had Ultimate Fighting Championship bouts playing on the numerous flat screen TV's.  A few other TVs usually feature what appears to be a "house" extreme sports style channel, similar to Fuel TV, but called ITV here, IIRC.    It's got all your standard bullshit bmx, surfing, base jumping, skate, white guys with shitty tatoos to zone out to.   Usually more entertaining than the main stream sports, IMO.

While the fight was taking place the Kilt was packed with a lot of East Valley muscle head D-bag bros rockin the Affliction shirts and ball caps with flat bills cocked ever so expertly to the side, moto-cross style bay-bay.  As soon as the fights ended, they mostly cleared out. 

A few weeks ago when I was passing by, I did see several Mesa police cars and an ambulance in back, so this might be a good place to catch a real fight, or perhaps get your own teeth kicked in. 

The waitresses were numerous, and helpful, friendly & bubbly.  The food was decent both times that I've been there, I had the pulled pork sandwich, and the buffalo wrap.  Pricing is alright, not really any smokin' deals on food or drinks was my general impression.  

Outside there is a big L-shaped patio w/music and misters for you smokey treat lovers and outdoor enthusiasts.  Inside the bar, there seems to be sports blaring from all TV's earlier in the day/eve, with music later on at night.   The music wasn't half bad, last time I went.
We have a rather large group (#evfn) that meets on Friday nights at different places throughout the east valley and last night we hit Tilted Kilt.

The bad: Crappy Parking.  Moving company next door takes up half the available parking with their trucks at night.  I rounded the entire full parking lot before double parking beside said trucks.

The cacophony. It's just too loud. Visually loud with TV screen on every available surface and beer/ale/sports paraphernalia squashed between.  And generally loud with all those hard surfaces bouncing sound around.  Our group was set dead center of the place and we were practically screaming to the person directly across the table to be heard.

The good: Strongbow.  My favorite drink is Strongbow and while it's not on the menu, when I mentioned it to the waitress she had the gumption to go find out if they had it.  And they did.

Our waitress worked her barely covered tushy off and I didn't hear many complaints from our group.  Sure, the orders took awhile, but we had one primary waitress for over 25 people and she never stopped moving.  We'd been invited there by management and provided gratis nachos which took forever to get to us, but the actual dinner I ordered came within a respectable amount of time and was quite good.

So maybe the parking lot would be emptier mid-week.  Maybe it wouldn't be so loud out on the patio.  I'll probably go back, but only if my group goes or sometime other than a weekend night.
I always give it a day before I comment.. so here goes....

First a background. This was an EVFN event, and as seems to be the case I tend to get there first. They (Kevin) was more than accommodating in setting up tables for us, and we never really know how many show up. Tables fine.

They gave us one girl (Jennifer) who through no fault of her own got slammed. I had mentioned to them that as we are on separate tabs and we don't all get there at one the orders would be coming and going. Also the fact they had a new chef, who started a little fire in the back, didn't help. 

Orders were late coming and people were quite annoyed. The nachos were ok, our table was suppose to get another order two (1/2 orders) they never arrived. The first two were ok nachos.

The only other thing I tasted was onion rings (two of them) which did have a kick to them as well as the ranch dressing dip. That I give two thumbs up.

The girls/servers obviously gorgeous and it is one of the reasons people go there. So the highlights of the evening: The two onion rings, ASU winnng the NCAA Basketball game against Washington, Jennifer who was running ragged (could maybe paid a little more attention to our end).

Would I go back is the question I guess...maybe, This place is built for nights like this...NCAA bacsketball (Local team playing), pretty waitress dressed up to make us all drink and order more... the food just not sure. The Happy Hour prices... can't complain. The last part of this it was noisy in a way where it did not need to be.
This place is packed and popular. Pretty girls, good food, and a surprising selection of decent beers. Guess each location has some flexibility in the brew they serve.

But back to the packed and popular for a minute. It's really, really busy. It's really, really noisy. And the parking lot is really, really full. At least it was when our big group -- #evfn -- was there Friday night.

Our waitress did an admirable job of handling a group of our size, especially when you consider that some of us like to get up and move around. She handled it great!

If busy and loud places aren't your style, you're probably not going to appreciate going there on a Friday. But I don't mind that stuff, so none of that detracted from the score.

If you like sports bars that ARE loud and busy, of if YOU ARE loud and busy (that's me!), you'll like it just fine.
My first visit to the Tilted Kilt was on a Friday night with a large group. So keep that in mind as you read my review. Those are not ideal circumstances for any place to show its best side.

The place is LOUD. It was nearly impossible to talk with the people sitting right next to me. Lots of TVs going, lots of different games on.

Our waitress had her hands full with our group, but did an above average job keeping track of us, keeping our drinks flowing, and ringing up separate bills for our food. The food was four-star sports bar food, mine was great and the people around me felt the same about their own food. Like all sports bars with pretty girls, the prices were a little high, but the food was good and the portions were large.

My only real issue is with the small parking lot. Fortunately, there are several businesses with adjoining parking lots close by. Going in before dark was no issue, but coming out after dark, walking around blind corners through various parking lots was not my idea of safety. 

Would I return with a large group on a weekend night? Probably not. Or during a big sports event? Yes, if I was going to watch the game. But I will return to the Tilted Kilt.
My husband and I went to Tilted Kilt at 6pm on a Friday night. We were with a group of 25+ (#evfn) but we'd arrived earlier than most. There were only 3 others there when we arrived. The place is small and has as many tables crammed in there as possible and there is so much noise you cannot have a conversation with the person next to you unless you either yell or speak directly in their ear. I suppose if you were on a date where you wanted to be really close to the person all night without being obvious, this would be a good place to do it. "I'm sorry that my face is all up in yours, but I want to be sure you can hear me!"

Keep in mind though, it won't continue to be very romantic (not that you'd really expect a bar like this to be anyway) if you are at a table in the middle of the room because you will constantly have people walking behind you or pulling their chairs in and out and ramming into you. It's a small place and it's really busy on Friday night. 

The waitresses are cute and half... er... two-thirds naked and they look good this way. I suppose. At first glance you'd assume they are hired completely based on their appearance and while they don't seem like Harvard Scholars, they appear to be more than capable of running around and getting the job done. In our large group I didn't notice anyone receiving incorrect meals, but one friend did receive someone else's bill and had to have that corrected, which I believe it was even though there was definitely some waiting involved due to our having one waitress for our entire table of separate tickets. Can't complain.

The free nachos they brought our group were "OK" - not worth whatever price they normally charge. The prices are pretty standard and I didn't notice much of a deal with the happy hour drinks. I had a buffalo chicken wrap which was actually pretty yummy and their french fries were plentiful and delicious. 

And one last note about our waitress - she was patient and friendly no matter what the situation was. She kept smiling and never stopped moving and never showed any signs of stress under pressure. Kudos to her. (Jenna, I believe was her name)

Oh and final note - the parking stinks on Friday night and I couldn't get their free wi-fi to work.
It's a Friday night and you want to watch your favorite sports team on a big screen with 10 of your friends.   This would be the place for it.   The waitresses dress in a red plaid kilt, white shirt and matching plaid bra.   There was one waiter who wore a black kilt. It was nice to see they have both waiters and waitresses that dress in kilts.  

I went with a group of 25 plus for #EVFN and our waitress was wonderful, considering she kept on top of all of us and a few other tables inside and out.  She was very pleasant and how she kept track of everything I'll never know, but she was astounding once I realized all of the things she was doing besides waiting on all of us and getting our bills straight at the end.   Kudos to her, I believe her name was Jenna or Jenny.

The reason I didn't score higher because I felt we really needed more than one waitress for our large group.   

I ordered a personal pizza and pear cider.   The pizza was okay, not the best I've eaten but pretty good for bar food.  And I can't complain about the price either as I would have paid more at other establishments in the area. 

Parking there is an issue as the place was packed and so was the parking lot.  I was lucky enough to get a spot close but others in our group had a to park a lot farther then they would have liked to.

The sports bar itself was extremely noisy and I'm not sure what they could do to buffer it.  I've been to other sports bars with just as big of crowd and it was never as noisy as this place was.  

All in all, it wasn't a bad experience but I don't think I would go back unless there was a sporting event I wanted to watch or a group of friends were going.
An okay place all around. Decent selection of beer, very busy, and - of course - cute servers. The food is also okay, but nothing exceptional. I don't mind going here to meet friends, but not my first choice overall.
The food is subpar - even for barfood. The place is not the cleanest. 

The truth of the matter, however, is that the women here blow the doors off the women of hooters. Not bad if you are in town and want to check out the latest flesh festival franchise.
First visit to this establishment ever. Was told the food trumped that of Hooters (not hard to do), I have only had the California burger and though it was good, I have definitely had better. Could have done without the tomatoes in the guacamole... I did not experience the crowd as some of the other reviewers have had since I was there for lunch, on a Sunday, which could have been the reason our server seemed to have better things to do than make sure our well did not run dry. I think I have come to the conclusion that short skirts and push-up bras are NOT a reason to eat somewhere.
Eh, Irish Pub is used loosely here.  If you want a chain bar to go and have some happy hour, especially with a large crowd, this place is fine.

If you are looking for a more realistic Irish feel, this is not going to be it.  It's got hot, scantily dressed waitresses, and a decent beer menu.

Over all, it's not my favorite place, but it's ok for a post work get together when people can't decide.
attractive wait staff, poor service, ok to good food, kind of sticky (it is a bar though) good social setting.
Ick!
Staff service was very good and that's about the only positive thing to say about this place.

Food is pretty horrible. Don't order the corned beef unless you want thin, flavorless, fatty meat severed with a side of mushy, greasy vegetables. The tables are gross, looks like they haven't been cleaned in days and not sure why the waitresses don't wipe them down before serving customers. Really icky.

Sure this is a decent place to grab a beer, but not if you want to eat, talk and enjoy.

Definitely won't be going back.
Hooters meets Renaissance Faire.  Yeah, that's about it.  The group that brought me loves the place, so I'm sure it has its good points but it's not for me.
It's a decent place to have a few drinks. The waitresses are attractive and the bar has a pretty cool layout. The irish theme stops with the plaid on the mini skirts of the servers. The food is not particulary good, but it's bar food, so what do I expect, right? 

Unfortunately "it's OK" is the best I can say about this place and the only reason I rate it that high is because I REALLY like boobies.
good food and prices, fun atmosphere.  sassy waitresses.  a good lunch joint or for happy hour.
It was a long time ago, so I don't know if this has changed. It wasn't just the waitrets that were scanty, it was the pints too. 

I know it was Arizona, I know it was hot, but even by my standards the first "pint" went down awfully fast. So did the second, so for the third roun d, I ordered a can of something. Poured it into the pint glass and the 12oz can filled the "pint" glass to the brim

I wrote to the AZ equivalent of the TABC - never heard back, never heard from the TC. I hope the new one in Grapevine, TX doesn't mislead by calling a 12oz pour a pint. Of course they won't - everything is bigger in Texas.

Of course these woossy 16oz pints are shameful too. A many pint is an Imperial Pint at 20 oz!
This is a stereotypical "Irish pub" (though it feels more Scottish in theme) in Phoenix. It's a themed bar with American food with only the occasional British/Irish-inspired entrée (your normal Shepard's Pie or pasty among normal burgers and fries). The décor is definitely more interesting than the menu. To top it off, the wait staff is 99% female in skimpy plaid school girl style outfits that only appeals to a certain (male, horny) demographic. If I want Irish food, there are way better, more authentic places close by. 

However, with that said, the garlic parmesan fries are pretty tasty and the burger patty and bacon were both thick and cooked perfectly to order. Can't speak for the alcohol selection because I've never ordered any here (I only come here with my dad since it's decently priced and right next to his house) but he's never complained.

This is a sports bar, not an Irish pub by any means. If you want sports and boobs, come here. If you want good food and atmosphere, go to Cornish Pasty Company or even Fibber Magee's, both just a few miles west.
Decent food here but come on, is it really the food you come here for? I like coming here when I have my irish cravings and need a good ol glass of guiness.
ok, so even as a chic, I like this place.  food is not bad (not great either), but the staff are great.  great beers, specials and did I mention the outfits??  I need one of those...
It's all right. Typical bar that's not-that-good-but-tries-to-make-up-for-it-with-scantily-clad-women joint. Think Library or Hooters, maybe Heart Attack Grill with the exception of that it's a grill, obviously. Food is mediocre, beer is pretty much the same as you can get in any other bar, so go if you are a lonely guy who likes to look at girls, basically.
Alright... nothing special.
There's nothing amazing about the place except for scantily clad women and cold beer.  OMG did I just say that!??!

That said, the food is alright for an Irish themed sports bar. You will PAY for it though. Once you have a meal and add on a few (or dozen) beers onto the tab, you just might suffer sticker-shock. 

The Irish thing is done better at Fibber McGees. 

I wish I could give 2.5 stars, because that's where they're at in my book. If the prices were better, I'd up the rating.
Went on a Sunday for a friends birthday party.  Karaoke was fun.  Food was good. Try the garlic fries!!!
This was a destination for lunch that turned into another visit before we left for a few beers and relaxing after a very long day... Lunch was cool, the place was fairly crowded with a good mix of young old and families. The second visit was on karaoke night. Although the staff was polite, there are people who protect their Karaoke very seriously even by a table full of people that are just looking for a beer.


"The Good"
- The girls are cute dressed in Kilts and smile on occasion. 
- The service was good. The sodas for lunch and the beers for the hang out night arrived at the table fast and we were checked on so we never needed anything... Pretty cool.
- Lunch was decent. The kitchen was not slammed and the food arrived fast and just as we ordered it. There were just a few appetizers that were split around the table and arrived with no delay.
- (By Default an observation on the Karaoke crowd) There were some great singers and some folks that were having a blast. The guy running it had some pipes and I even heard a guy sing "on a Boat" ... I had a blast.
- TVs are everywhere.
- Decent selection of Draft Beer.
-Advertisements for UFC showings for the PPVs.


"The Meh"
- There was nothing really meh to comment on.


"The Bad"
- The outside area turned into the smoking area. Sadly, if you do not smoke you cannot enjoy the fresh air... irony people.
- (By Default an observation on the Karaoke crowd)  There were some evil eyebrows from the local crew when someone sang Johnny Cash, and they were not from AZ. Still had a blast though ; )
Great place to eat and watch the UFC fights. There is a $5 cover, but that thins the crowd of the cheap people, which is great. The food is great, friendly servers ( kind of ) and once again, great place to watch UFC. If you are an MMA fan, come here so you can watch. Not a lot of people and really fun!
Food was really good and our server was very nice and attentive. Thanks!
I think I ate more of my husband's garlic fries than he did, and my sweet potato fries with the cayenne ranch were so delish! It was very crowded due to some sporting event, but the service was pretty fast & they kept up on our drinks. I've heard that it depends on the night, but my burger was absolutely flavorless, blah, nothing special and I will probably never eat a burger there again. What's dumb, is that it looked mouth-watering, just tasted like nothing.
A great place, great uniforms, great attitudes, good food.  It's tops in the market segment of, well, the market segment of Hooter's and Tilted Kilt.  Really Tilted Kilt is far better.  The garlic fries I'm sure slapped 2 pounds on my waistline but were fantastic.  All the gals working - whatever their stage names - were positive and helped run food and provide good service.  The food was consistent over a few days too.
Must try the Oyster appetizer it is great!! Nice servers, fast service, and they keep coming by to ask if everything is okay or if you need anything else.
Our bartender was rude and impersonal, to start. When my wife ordered a diet coke, you could see her disdain. We saw her once more, when she took our food order, after which she sat in the corner and ate. The remaining staff dropped off our food without a word, and never came back; in fact, I had to flag down the manager to get cashed out. The food was sub par. My wife's Shepard pie was all mashed potatoes, and my chicken strips were incorrect and with the wrong side. Also, my fries were soggy because they had been placed over excess sauce. 

Poor food, awful service, overpriced beer. Visit the Kyrene location or don't go at all.
Stopped in for lunch today. Not busy really but the barmaid was attentive and friendly. Tried the Irish Stew - wasn't quite what I expected but was tasty. Shredded beef in the stew, not cubes, but the taste was pretty Irish old school - I should know had a girlfiend for years from Ireland - almost the same taste. Tried the Four Peaks I.P.A. draft brew - that was really different and very good - a little pricey at $6.50 a pint but I thought it was worth it. Probably get a different, more lively clientele for gametime, etc. If Hooters is where you're setting the bar for this type of place, it's better.
Went here last Friday with some friends from work, this would be my first and ONLY visit to this dump. I'll skip over all the minor details that made this experience dreadful and get right to business. I ordered a glass of moscato, waitress brings it. It has this slightly sweet, intensely bitter/corked taste to it. Not good. I ask the waitress to check with the bartender to make sure he poured moscato. She comes back, claiming she saw the bottle herself and that it's moscato. Um ok, guess ill suffer thru this nasty wine. About 2/3 of the way done with it, I look down into my glass and see a white sediment in the glass, bf sticks a finger in and what do you know!! It's a puddle of sugar!! I ask for the manager. He comes over and tells me he's so sorry but they had run out of moscato and instead of telling me- the bartender gave me a glass of Chardonnay and poured SUGAR INTO IT!!! This place has disgusting business practices and I will never be back here. You need to be honest with your customers and I asked that waitress to double check- they had an out at that point to fix their bs. TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE PLACE! The service sucked, the food sucked and as far as I'm concerned they only want your money and will blatantly lie to you to get it.
The food was pretty good but the service left a lot of room for improvement. We asked for water right away and didn't get it for 10 minutes,then I ordered the half salad and got the full ,she then offered to take it back and get the half , as I was already eating it I said no so I got charged for full. Asked for dressing on side. Didn't get that. Someone ordered fish and chips and asked to make sure there were no pickles or condiments on plate. It came with pickles and had to be sent back. I ordered Gaelic chicken with fettuccine. It came with mashed potatoes and had to be sent back. The other two waited to eat till corrections were made so their food was cold. Then when checks came someone was double charged! Come on train your waitresses!!!
Yes , Food was great . You really get you're money's worth .
I previously wrote a review about this bar, but it no longer seems to be on the web site. I have been here multiple times and the food and beer is always consistent. Irish nachos are great, the beer is good, and they have a monthly beer special. I also liked it because it was next to my apartment and a good location on GIlbert & Baseline. A lot of traffic in this area. So why then is the bar usually empty? I have been here on Friday nights, Saturday nights, and other times most bars would be busy and yet it was not here. In my previous review I included photos showing how empty the bar was and how they had more televisions than patrons. The problem is the bar is marketed toward men who are come there as much for the women working as they do beer, food, or televisions. But too frequently when I visited they had no women. The host was a dude, the server was a dude, the bartender was a dude. On two prior occasions I saw one "Kilt girl". Instead it was dudes in kilts. If I wanted to see that I would stay at home, dig my kilt out of the drawer, and look at myself in the mirror. I did go about two weeks ago and I saw a difference - everyone working (the desk, servers, and bar) were Kilt Girls. 

Apparently the change was too little, too late. I saw the signs up yesterday (because I always chuckled at the "Voted Phoenix Number 1 Sports bar" sign on the side of the building when the bar was usually empty), but today I was surprised to see no signage at all. That stupid sign was down, the name on the building, and the name on the sign all gone. The corporate web site no longer shows the Mesa location and going to their page directly shows Page Not Found Sorry, that page no longer exists...

I was surprised at the suddeness of operational one day, gone the next but I can't say I am surprised it was closed.
Went here when I was in Kitchener, Ontario visiting an old buddy from back in the day. Food was decent, wings were breaded, not my preference. Hot though. Pricey for the quality, $15+ for a wings dinner in a little college town.
The wings here are of excellent quality. You have a choice of original (which I prefer) or breaded (which they tell me is the popular choice). 
There are plenty of flavours as well; dry rub, such as west coast, and your usual mild, medium, hot. Then there is sweet Thai. I just mentioned the ones I enjoyed. You can also ask for them sloppy.

The Wings Up is expensive buy worth it for really great wings and courteous service.
Okay, I haven't eaten here in about 2 years, but boy, do I miss those wings.

Their medium sauce was perfect for me, didn't taste like the usualy "Franks Red Hot" but had a tangy-ness to it and it was hot, but not too hot that I couldn't eat them. Yum! I always ordered mine breaded and extra sloppy. I love the veggies and ranch they would give.

They are a bit pricey but trust me, it's worth it!
Love the wings - tried several of the hotter flavors.
The first time I had food from this place it was brought to me at home. I tasted the lasgna and almost puked, it was a very bad reaction to the sauce. We have been back several times since. I enjoy the pizza and on occasion spaghetti as well as the salads. Not having had a bad reaction to any of these other foods we continue to patronize Sabatinos.
Pizza, Pasta, great people, great food, and the "Shwings", Sabatino's is one NOT to be missed!!

Kevin & Sherry are great people/owners and do a great job, have quality in their food which you certainly can taste!
Pizza, Pasta, great people, great food, and the "Shwings", Sabatino's is one NOT to be missed!!

Kevin & Sherry are great people/owners and do a great job, have quality in their food which you certainly can taste!

(Maybe Michael L was having a bad day... never had that issue after eating but things do happen.)
I had a craving for buffalo wings so I gave Sabatino's a try. Lunch specials are cheap! 6 wings and a Caesar salad for $7. The salad was ok but way too much Parmesan cheese, usually I complain that  restaurants don't put enough on! The wings were good wings, hot and messy with tons of hot sauce, maybe a tad too much, but i guess excess is their style.

Service was nice, friendly and efficient.
Pizza and wings are pretty good although a little over-priced.  Salad not so good.  Nice atmosphere and good service.
Sadly received this email today:

Sabatinos is Closed
You know we have been experiencing a lack of sales which we can blame on the economy, new restaurants opening here in the valley (most likely for much less cost than us original places), we tried to work with our landlord, but he would not budge on lowering our rent. We just could not afford the 5500.00 this month and were afraid we would lose everything in our place to a Lockout, which was threatened to us already.
We just wanted to say goodbye to all of our loyal customers, we really enjoyed having you come in weekly and keeping up with your lives as well as you keeping up with ours. We will probably be leaving the Az area and starting over fresh.
 
God Bless
 
Kevin and Sheri
Looks like John Cutter is more well-known for having OJ Simpson as one of it's customers ( static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/K9252dibmnF5vDMAQ50H5g/l ) than it's drinks or Bar Food.

Kitchen Sink Salad (** 1/2 $15.00) Romaine Lettuce and Spinach Chopped. Contains Shrimp, Salami, Tomatoes, Red Onions, Olives, Mozzarella Squares, Pepperoncinis, Hearts of Palm, Artichoke Hearts, bits of Ham, mixed in a Balsamic Vinegar. Wish there was something more flavorful in that Kitchen Sink of John Cutter's...

Bottle of Corona with Lime ($4.50)

I think Kevin and his fiancee, Robin, came here more for it's notoriety than it's quality of Bar Food. Bar Girls dressed in black tank tops imprinted with "JC" on the front coordinated with Blue Jeans. Blue-Collar clientele. 

Ball game of Dodgers (LOST) and Cubs went un-watched by all the customers. The other LCD TV Screen showed the Oregon State University (LOST) game a week after defeating USC.... again un-viewed by the bar crowd. 

$28 Steaks... you gotta be kidding! This is a "bar", for goodness sake! OJ is never going to step into this place again! At least not for the next 5-15 years...

High prices, dark atmosphere. Located in one of the newer strip malls at the Western edge of Summerlin in Las Vegas. If you just want a buzz, it can be accomplished for a lot less green somewhere else.
Horrible do not waist your time.  I live in the neighborhood and I've spent thousands at Jon Cutter, what a joke!   This place is horrible to start I found a  snail in my salad!. Then on my next visit I got some arrogant cook shaking his head at me as if I can't tell the difference between a medium well and a medium RARE steak!  This place has left a bad taste in my mouth for the last time.  I hope you'll take my advice and DO NOT waist your time
I went during their first month a while back and I am still stung over how the prices on my bill did not match the prices on the menu.  Maybe it was just a glitch - but WATCH OUT.  The prices are too high and the quality and service just don't make it worth while.  I had the salmon and it was fishy gross.  I should have sent it back, I should have never gone in the first place.  The other people in my party who ordered the steak also thought the quality was extremely poor.  They are not selling you a good steak here - they are are selling you a poor quality piece of meat for a high quality price.

It's a shame since this restaurant is so close to where I live - and there are a lot of people on this side of town who want quality food - just check out how packed the Italian restaurant in the same shopping center is.  I would go again if they changed their menu and lowered their prices.

Also, I find the new high reviews to be a little sketchy.  The portions are not huge enough to merit the price.  I am always skeptical of yelp reviews where it is the user's ONLY review. *Edited to add: these obvious shill reviews have been removed*

Oh and here's the cherry on top of this whole experience.  The owner decides to insult me via Yelp with the following message:
"It would appear you have five star standards but a budget more suitable for quick service and fast food.  I do hope you choose your future eating establishments more wisely and find a restaurant to your liking."

This place is pathetic and they have been disappointing everyone I know who has gone there.  Watch out what they charge you!  This place is shady and the food is bad.

2012 UPDATE:  The Owner "Adam C" just sent me another petty message via Yelp 3 years after my original review was written.  Too bad he can't spend his time improving his restaurant, because several other people have trashed this place on Yelp.
I personally love John Cutter!!! I think it is a great friendly neighborhood restaurant. Portions are HUGE so the prices are great for the amount of food you get. They also recently started doing half portions of items at a smaller price. I have not tried one bad thing on the the menu. All the employees are so nice as well... I am so glad a place like this came into the area. Another great thing, they are now doing breakfast on the weekends!!! Big portions as well. It's nice to have some where to get a real breakfast close by, not a doughnut...  I highly reccommend going in. They know what they are doing ;-)
Just received this message from adam c, regarding my review of John Cutter many, many months ago.

"Thank you very much for the review. 

It seems we did not meet your expectations at JC. i would like to address some of your comments if i may. I take all comments very seriously and try to address as many as possible personally. 

JC was created as a neighborhood bar with high quality food and beverage in a very casual atmosphere. All of our meat is Certified Angus Beef which is just one step below prime (very expensive) and is never frozen. in fact JC dost even have a freezer. Unfortunately, our prices reflect the cost of our investment and the very high rent for the location. 

I hope you will reconsider your review. 

Thank you."

I won't change my review, but Yelpers might consider visiting John Cutter after reading this message from their management. When I come visiting my youngest in a couple of weeks, I don't plan on re-visiting...
Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday.   Since my wife and I were bringing the baby, I called ahead to make sure they had a smoke free eating area and that they had high chairs.   I was told yes to both. 
    Well, they had high chairs, but the inside is all just one room, containing tables, bar, and gaming.   i guess smoking isn't allowed, but I didn't think it was an ideal family eating environment.
     We ended up eating outside, even though it was a bit cool out.   Food was mixed.   My wife did not at all like the meat on her chinese chicken salad, saying it was tasteless and reminded her of fish somehow.   But, she liked the rest of the salad.   My grilled chicken sandwich was good, though the menu should have mentioned that it came with avocado and cheese; it wasn't a problem for me, but might be for some people.   French fries (thick) were hot and fresh.   i would have liked to try the cheesesteak, but the fact that it was made with cheddar instead of provolone scared me off since it made it seem inauthentic.
     I probably would give it another try, but not with a child.
I went to this establishment on one the TapOut promotional events. The food and drinks were moderately priced and the portions were plentiful. The service was pleasant and attentive but it was a Thursday night. The happy hour beer and sliders promotion needs a couple more additions. Good place for cold beer after hiking at red rock.
I hope I do not come across to insulting by saying I am convinced the wait staff at this place collectively share one brain that is meticulously stored in a jar of jager behind the bar counter.

We had an after work meeting here (which was a pretty dumb choice in retrospect). The waitress' made it a habit to disturb the table with mundane questions like, are you finished with that? Can I take that away? If there is nothing on the plate, I think you can be pretty sure its okay! When the food was ready to be served another lady comes to the table and says, "so and so had to go to restroom and I don't know who had what" She then proceeds to ask all of us what we had in a very curt fashion. Very weird and kinda rude. We were all taken back a little.

At any rate, the food tries to be inventive upscale bar food. I got the "free range chicken breast". That chicken must of been free ranging at a senior retirement community in Summerlin cuz it was dry and crisp. I had to dunk it in BBQ sauce to bring some juice back to the mix.

I would not go back, especially since Red Rock is right around the corner.
I've been told about this place for the last year, mainly by my regular cab driver (you can't possibly live in Vegas and think you can have a bloody mary or 3 and then drive home) who drives one of the bartenders from here.  

Having tired of the tasteless food at Red Rock after bingo, we decided to venture over the I-215 bridge and try it out.  

1st: it is NOT fat friendly if you are on the hippy side.  They only have 3 types of seating.  Outside skinny bottomed armed chairs; inside you have your choice of high-boy bar chairs or cramped booths.  So just a bit of a warning before you go.  

While we were seated quite quickly (in the ever shrinking cramped booth) our waitress was very slow getting us drinks..a standard Bloody Mary and a beer.  
We were on the fence about the menu but it was, after all, a bar.  
My dinner companion ordered the surf and turf..surf being 2 large lobster tails and turf being a huge ribeye.  Appx 35.00 for the plate.  It comes with a side salad that our waitress repeated after each entrée order was placed (down to the pine nuts).  I ordered the steak fajita tacos with a side of Mac & Cheese.  My son, who was left at home, called in his order for pork chops which are on the web menu but apparently have been removed from the actual menu.  

Surf & Turf:  I had a piece of the turf (surf allergy) and it was FANTASTIC.  The rib eye was cooked to perfection. Tender Juicy and spiced just right.  

Fajita Tacos:  Even without the standard condiments of salsa/sour cream they were delicious.  The meat was tender, delicious and in abundance topped by just the right combination of onions/peppers.  

Side Mac/Cheese:  light and flavorful.  Not your blue box variety, but a very nice blend of white cheeses in elbow macaroni.  Served in a steel pot.  

If you can squeeze into the booth, don't mind the airheadedness of the wait staff and their continuous need to be posers, the sticker shock of the bill (2 drinks, 3 entrées, no dessert - $120.00), then it is well worth it for the food.  

I will go again but will make it a to-go box while I sip my coffee from the fabulous Dunkin' next door.

Update:  We've been back 3 times since I wrote this.  Got take out for the steaks.  Still no "regular" seating outside.  It's sad because we are stuck on steak there and they probably have other good things but until they fix their seating situation my little group will never find out.  Note: you cannot be 6'8" and sit in the high top chairs.  it just doesn't work.
Spent a couple hours here on our recent trip to Vegas. I liked the atmosphere-very fun!

We sat at the bar and Kara was our bartender, who took very good care of us. 

I even won $100 on the video poker machine, what a bonus!
I personally love John Cutter... Especially the Philly. Prices seem pretty typical for Vegas and I think the atmosphere is great. On one visit I had a waitress that was a bit slow and forgetful but it was also super busy so maybe she was overwhelmed. 

Bottom line... I would highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone.
My wife dragged me in here after she tried their surf n turf and raved about it. I can't comment on that yet.
We sat at the bar and played poker for awhile. Not a big deal but they make you play max bet for a 2nd drink. They were nice enough to warn me about that and still comped my 2nd drink. Might be a reason why we were about the only ones playing.
We ordered food and then sat at a table and brought our drinks with. The portions were big for the sandwiches (philly is great) and very good BUT wait till you get the bill. Yes, we saw the prices but by the time we got done with food and tip it was almost $40 for 2 sandwiches and we didn't have any drinks to pay for. 
It was good but I just don't see the attraction for a sandwich place and their prices.
I used to be a fan of John Cutter the Krolly sandwich and the Philly were favorites, fries and salads had also been tasty. That is until our most recent visit earlier this week. It's been a few months since we stopped in, they've since revamped the menu. 

Krolly sandwich got the boot so my husband tried the chicken sandwich and he ordered dynamite rolls to start. Luckily I was still able to get the Philly.

The rolls weren't exactly dynamite, they were terribly dry on their own. The sauce helped a lot. The chicken sandwich was no better. Dry was the word of the day. He slathered it in ranch dressing to make it edible. Good news is the French fries are still tasty. Bad news is my Philly was a disaster. The meat was tough, the bread was dense and stale; it was dripping with cheez-whiz and it still found a way to be ridiculously dry. The salad used to be a favorite, they had a great champagne vinaigrette. Not no more. It was bland and way under-dressed. 

Sad to say, John Cutter has bit the dust.
We went for their 2nd anniversary last week and had a great time. The place was packed. Had a band playing and giving out gifts and t-shirts. Even though it was so busy, the waitresses did a great job. Food was quick and also very good. I finally had the sirloin steak and lobster and it was very good.
Great little restaurant we always go to on our way back from hiking at Red Rock.  Lots of TV's to watch sports, nice ambiance and delicious food.  I usually get one of their salads which are all delicious and big. My BF gets a burger and fries and loves it.  Sunday is 1/2 off steak day-- i don't think i'll ever order anything else their NY steak is soo good!  It comes with a large salad and was perfectly cooked.  Me and my bf brought home the leftovers and ate it for dinner.  Huge yummy steak at $13 bucks since it was 1/2 off... we'll be back after our next hike!
After being very hungry from a day of climbing, we thought we'd try John Cutter.  It was a medium volume night, and our service was slow, the food was good but not spectacular, and the prices were high.  Even for Vegas standards.  I've never written a review before, but our experience was so lousy that It inspired me.  Go to the Italian or Chinese place right beside John Cutter.
Had a groupon decided to check it out, steak was good, server was lacking. It was busy and loud which wasn't bad but it was our first time there, so we weren't familiar withthe menu. Some of us had steak and some had salmon. The salmon came with sides and the steak did not. I wish the server would have told us more about the menu or asked if we wan't sides. The server checked in once and never offered anyone a refill of their drinks.  It felt like they were put out by the groupon and didn't want to deal with us. Prob won't return.
Don't even bother. The food is nothing special, neither good nor bad (although their happy hour offerings are very bad, as if they are trying to discourage you from ever ordering them again). What really sets this place apart is the service - it's atrocious. The staff obviously does not want to be there and it's apparent as they stand there and gossip amongst themselves for minutes at a time, while the half-dozen or so customers sit there waiting for something. Save yourself the trip and go anywhere else.
After my initial review the owner was quick to reply and remedy the situation.  Thanks for you reply Adam
For a Wednesday night, which is a slow night, the service was just ok.  It took a long time to get everything.  I would only come to this place to drink.  It is in the neighborhood and I have been wanting to try it out for a long time.  They have a unique menu and a nice bar environment with a full bar.  There were 2 2 tops when we were there and about 7 people sitting at the bar.  

Food: Wings and Fries from Appetizer menu and A Fat Tire (Beer).
The wings were breaded and we asked for medium bc server said they were hot.  Which they were not.  We added a side of Ranch and Hot Sauce to make them more spicey.  They seemed like they were just re-heated or even pre-made.  I am a wing girl and live for them...was not impressed at all.  The only good thing is they were not small and had more meat on them then most places.  

Service: Forget servers name, its all women staff, she was blond with long hair.  She was really nice, sweet, good looking.  It took us 10 min after ordering our waters to get them.  I ordered my beer after we ordered the water and wings and it came out with my meal.  You can see all the food up (when its ready) and our meal sat there for a good 10 minutes (who is timing anyways).  She did apologize for taking so long bc she was "cleaning" at 10pm when the bar closes at 2ish and the happy hour starts at midnight.  Must have been pretty dirty...

Overall I would come with friends if I was staying in the neighborhood and just drinking. I would most likely sit at the bar too, if there is an open spot.  I am not knocking this place completley, I saw they have breakfast on Sat and Sundays so they can possibly redeem themselves.

Since the weather is nice I want to be able to bring the dogs and sit on the patio as well.  Hope the service wont be terrible there too.  If so I have no problem walking up to the barkeep/tender to order drinks.
Wow...I'm really shocked at all the low reviews.  This is a place that I actually miss after leaving Vegas for Seattle.  Their steaks are some of the best I've eaten in town.  They don't have a freezer on-site so all the steaks are bought fresh and moved out fast.  On Sundays, all steaks are half off.

I miss eating their steak and eggs breakfast (which is available any day) and going for a hike out at Red Rock.  It's an excellent value for only $11!  They don't give you a shit piece of steak that's paper thin, full of fat & gristle like a lot of the casinos advertising cheap steak and eggs (to get you in the door to gamble.)  

I like the darker interior of the restaurant and the large and somewhat secluded booths.  As for the service, I've never had any issues with any of the servers.  Skinny Jen is my favorite waitress there and has always done a damn fine job!

The only single issue I've ever experienced was one time we decided to sit outside on the patio on the far left side of the restaurant.  We had to move as we could smell the dumpster located in the parking lot due to the wind blowing in between the two buildings.  We were relocated to a different table outside and enjoyed a fantastic meal.
We have been looking for new restaurants near our home and a friend recommended this place. Though it is tucked away in a shopping center it is definitely a place people know about. When we walked in it every table was full. Even then we didn't wait long and the service was great. I ordered a Chinese chicken salad and it was great. Though I probably should of ordered a steak because they are half off on Sundays. We also ordered the nachos that we're great, though lacking on meat. The ambiance is really nice and we will definitely go back.
I came here for a little snack to hold me over until a late dinner.  It was a beautiful day outside, and John Cutter allows you to enjoy it with their patio seating.  Yes, you'll be staring at a parking lot and a Wells Fargo in the distance...but still.  You're outdoors!

We ordered three dishes: Dynamite Rolls, Tuna Chips, and Chips and Cheese dip.  We also got a few beers; $4.50 for bottle of Blue Moon.  The Dynamite rolls looked tasty at first (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qlBw1YaxMsItfz25-AyA?select=sKG7B9Wk9bFW38elaImoWg), but the inside was dry (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qlBw1YaxMsItfz25-AyA?select=Rs3wXSXCrG25KCt-byTB6Q).  The chips and cheese dip were nothing special, you'd do just as well buying a jar of cheese dip at the grocery store.  The Tuna Chips were the highlight of the evening (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qlBw1YaxMsItfz25-AyA?select=4Hjf-6pu_h9oJfmAcgyBUA), with each chip coming with a nicely sized slice of tuna, slightly seared and topped with a soy glaze and little drop of wasabi (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qlBw1YaxMsItfz25-AyA?select=zpSLxFrufBEa0Tp_qrtc4Q).  

With my limited tasting of John Cutter's offerings, they've earned themselves an A-OK.  I'm sure I will be back to try their other dishes!
'went here Friday night, invited by my rich Red Rock friends who had just discovered it recently- everything was excellent.  I ordered the lobster tails- tender and sweet and just right-  the ribs were the same- the salad was substantial and fresh, with great tasting tomatoes.  My friend let me try her steak salad- delicious- the presentation was also nice for "bar food".
I drank Pinot Grigio, since that was what my hosts were drinking and the service was really attentive.  My son let me taste his Chile Relleno, and it was really good.  He was not impressed with the food, but I think I trrump him as I consider myself an experienced Foodie with LOTS of eating in many places in Las Vegas over many years!
Had lunch today at John Cutter which I would classify it as upscale bar food. Had the bone in rib eye, house salad, and the Philly fries. The food overall is excellent for bar food in addition to having a reasonable price point. My sister and I shared the entire meal and the cost was less than $30 which was a bargain. On Sundays, all steaks are half off. The wait staff was very attentive and the ambiance was very relaxed. I really like the Philly fries which was very unique. The dish was a plate of french fries that is covered with cheese sauce, mushrooms, onions and shaved steak which was really good. Overall, if you want a great steak at reasonable prices, you really can't go wrong with John Cutter
I can pretty much sum up John Cutter's with this simple statement; Their menu consists of 2 pages of food and 4 pages of information and pictures of their all female serving staff. That was my first red flag.
As for location and feel, John Cutter's has it right. Easy to access, outdoor patio with occasional live music, and a large, open space inside. But that's where I stopped being impressed.
I was told by a few "regulars" of this establishment that the food was mind blowingly good. I always take such statements with a grain of salt, and for good reason... And as I type this, some salt prolly would have helped some of the food a bit. 
I had the Chile Relleno, given that this was a Tex-Mexish menu. My parents got the Lobster and Ribs. My Chile Relleno had about as much flavor as loofa covered in cheese. The Spanish rice was bland at best, the beans were runny and just plain sad. The Chile Relleno it's self was cooked well, but lacked any flavor or kick. It tasted like no one in the kitchen has tasted it in quite some time. I also got to have a rib and some of the lobster. The "famous" ribs had a BBQ sauce that massively overpowered the meat. BBQ sauce is good on ribs of course, but the meat should have some kind of flavor! The sauce should be the sidecar to the meat's tender motorcycle, but this was more like a tandem bicycle with two chimps peddling. The lobster was also cooked well, but lacked any wow factor. Even dipped in their butter sauce I still wasn't wowed one bit.
The best thing I actually tried here was one of the salads that had nuts in it. It was well dressed and had great flavors that worked well with each other. But if you pride yourself as a respectable Eatery and your best offering is the salad, something's gotta change.
I give John Cutter's 2 stars, one for having a good IPA beer available, and one for the other 4 pages of the menu.
Went here tonight to meet some friends, been here a few times. Happy hour ended at 6pm sharp so prices went up a little early in my opinion. Food menu lacks originality, and the taste is just ok, I had a steak quesadilla that was just so so. This place could be better.
The food here is awesome... Great Steaks (1/2 off on Sunday is the best thing going on in Summerlin) and the salads are fantastic too. 

However ... the front staff is not the greatest when it comes to service.

I pop in at least twice a week because the food is so good and it's conveniently close to home but the staff can't seem to remember my name or even want to take the time to learn it. 

Good food.. no doubt that's what keeps us coming back.

As always... show up for the 1/2 price Steak Sunday ... my friend and I pretty much eat out daily all across the local places in Las Vegas so we know what we are talking about when it comes to local Vegas eats.

Our last trip around we were not drinking too much... switch to water and Iced Tea which pretty much went empty as the waitress was too busy doing who knows what. 

We eat and before we are even done with our steaks, the waitress brings us our bill. No mention of desserts or coffee even offered. Seems as if she was more interested in closing out our bill and having us hit the road then stick around...

Luckily Dunkin Donuts is right next door... 

The last three experiences have been somewhat similar. I could certainly understand the attitude if we did not tip so well.... but we generally always tip well above 20% on every outing.

One last shot next "Steak" Sunday and if the service is the same... it may be time to look for other places where the front staff does appreciate us. That's what being local is really all about. 

Sometimes.... it's just the little things that matter even if you do have a great thing going on.
Terrible service; mediocre food. We will not visit here again!
We went here last night, because I bought a groupon. We arrived and were surprised at how slammed it was. It was half off steak night Sunday (didn't know that) We were told the wait shouldn't be that long, so we squeezed in at the bar and told the girl to get us when a table opened. I had a feeling she might forget about us, being how busy it was and she didn't seem "all there". Well she did forget us. We waited a good 30 minutes and decided to remind her we were there. There was a table open, and people who arrived after us had been seated. We got seated after we reminded her we were waiting. So, that was pretty annoying. 

As far as atmosphere it was loud, not very cozy and the place itself is small. I was sitting right under the air vent at a high top table and froze the whole time. There was a large group of about 15 sitting right next to us, with 6 tables pushed together. We thought they really didnt need all those tables. Each table seats 4.

We were told by our waitress that if we wanted the half off steak deal we couldn't use our groupon. We decided to save it for another time and go for the steaks. I liked our waitress. She was fast and helpful and super nice. I wish I could remember her name. 

The steak deal is just okay. It's half off steak, but you get no sides. If you add a side its 4.50 or more depending what you get. So, my steak still ended up being around 17 with the side. My boyfriend's was even more because he got the bigger steak and a side. 

I will say the steaks were very good! Cooked right and we like to have them add blue cheese crumbles to ours (it's so good that way, try it if you haven't) and it was tender and flavorful. so, I have no complaints about the actual food. I think if I were to go back on a slower night when it's not so packed it would be a better experience.
Worst service. Could not get waited on left after 15 minutes when they sat a couple at the table next to us and they were waited on instantly.
Very mediocre. 

This place is so close to my house, and I wish it had the potential to be a regular happy hour spot, but sadly it does not. 

I went roughly 6 months ago, so hopefully some things have changed. 

They had no beer on tap... really? Shocking. The food and decor were average. The prices were reasonable. 

Until they have beer on tap we will not return.
This is a fantastic neighborhood establishment with very friendly staff and delicious ribs (on Friday night only).  The burgers and cheese steaks are not to be missed either, and the flatbread pizza is always a hit.
i've been here 3 times now, but i only come here on sundays to get the 1/2 off any steaks which is really good. i recommend the 18oz bone in rib eye cooked to your request.
I give this restaurant five stars because I believe it over delivers. My expectations are low. I this is a bar with gaming. Eating there many times I find an excellent experience compared to other video poker establisents. Other reviewers have mentioned half price steak night on Sundays. I have had these streaks. I loved the value. Staff is friendly. I do believe a better beer selection would be nice. 

Seating is all high tops, booths, or if bar seeting. Which is fine by me. Casual attire.
I love this plqce. It's near home, the bartenders are all very cute and candid in their own way. Renee and Tay Tay are the showstoppers for sure. The pricepoint is slightly above most, but the food is delicious. Definitely cannot beat 1/2 off steak Sundays. Especially making it a surf n turf ;)
18 oz perfection ribeye for $18, or the most coveted cut,  the filet for $14! Crazy amazingness.. bar is always my preferred seating, but usually pretty packed, so get in early. Converse w lil NayNay for some additional entertainment.
We go here once a month for the location and food. I love the philly cheese fries and the steak salad. My boyfriend had the ribs last night and they were meaty and flavorful. Rib special friday! Service is always excellent. Very attentive staff.
Great bar.  Great hang out spot and food is constantly good. Try the steak nachos
Friday night hike in Vegas heat and it is suggested that we take refreshments at John Cutter, the nearest bar to Red Rock Canyon. I've driven by many times but never been tempted to go in, probably because of the location in a sleepy shopping area anchored by Albertsons.

It's quite cool inside, high tables , lots of tvs and nice moody lighting. I'm fascinated by the staff, I have a vision of an interview process that involves the following conversation:
Q " Will you wear this very tiny tank top?" 
A " it looks very small......but ok"
  "you're hired"

Yes, it's Hooters in the 'burbs'. A bad thing? Depends.

Anyway, pots of beers and wines, the food , especially the burgers are huge, Michelle Obama would be seriously p&$/:ed. I took a chicken flatbread thing with some feta cheese and tomatoes and it was pretty good. One of the group took some Pot Stickers that looked a little too deeply fried for my liking but she was happy. Other guys took monster burgers and were satisfied.

I don't know what I think......it was ok but we are lucky to live in Vegas with so many choices and a Yelp app, I will try it again.
My updated review is improved. We went last night on a Monday. We had an excellent and friendly server. Our food was amazing, and you will not find a steak like that at any other bar in town. They are filets that you would find at an upscale restaurant, not what you would expect at a bar at all. Salad was amazing, everything was. The only gripe is that I freeze my tush off every time I go here. I love air conditioning, don't get me wrong. But, it feels like they have it blowing non-stop on 60 degrees! But, great food, especially for a bar. I can't believe others are saying otherwise.
Well first off let me start by sayin i hang out here quite a bit so my review may be biased in the form of the staff, but my food review will be more of an accurate nature i presume.. I personally love the atmosphere of the place and find it to be a great all around place to go for lunch,dinner or just having drinks at the bar or hangin on the patio.. All the girls that work there are awesome and do their jobs well.. They got a lot of heat for it being all girls that work there but whatever, they make it work well.. Now for the food.. The menu recently changed and i haven't had everything on it yet but what i have had i have enjoyed, the real hallmark of the place is their staeks and on Sunday they have them half price, which is well worth every penny u pay.. The salads are good and i enjoy the caesar there quite often with chicken or without and i have yet to be dissapointed.. On Tuesdays they have huge burgers for half price that come with fries and it is a huge meal and they are very good..!!  The happy hour is better than it used to be and all in all the place is a fun bar/restaraunt with really good food and a great vibe with good people hangin around.. The gambling is good and i see people winning all the time, so do yourself a favor and give this place a try asap..!!!
Great Mexican food-- shocking coming from a bar. Nice outside patio and good selection of cold beers.
I have been to John Cutter's several times, usually take-out.  I love their steaks, cheeseburgars and salad's.  The staff has always been fast and friendly!!!
What a cool bar.  The bartenders and staff were very friendly, the food was delicious, and the place has a great small dive bar feel, although it's really very nice.  I'll definitely be returning to this spot!
To start with, be aware that the online menu is wrong. The price for a 18oz Rib Eye is not $24.00, it's $32.00. Big difference  than the price expected.
My wife and I ordered 2 rib eye's to be cooked rare to medium rare. They were cooked medium well and medium well to well done. Very disappointed in that. The steak had great flavor. The service was fair. Not very attentive. All in all not really happy about my first time at John Cutter but will go back and make sure that I order a raw to rare steak and that way I can send back to cook a little more if necessary. The salad which is not included was excellent
We LOVE John Cutter!  Nice neighborhood grill . . . bar . . . eatery . . . with a little patio!  Parking is easy, line is never very bad, food is pretty good!  Atmosphere is comfortable for hanging out with friends or family and there are TVs for your viewing pleasure.  Video poker if you like.  I asked the waitress if kids were ok since their is gaming about 3 feet away from the tables and she said, "Yes, because there's no smoking".  I'm not sure about the answer, but nonetheless, we did take our kids once and had no problems.  

The food here is great - I have no complaints, but haven't tried the ribs or steak which seem to be less than perfect, but their sandwiches, breakfast and salads are great!!  I do know the nachos, wings, wraps keep me happy as pie!  And they do have happy hour specials and football specials too!

The wait staff is hit n miss -- we've been there close to a dozen times.  I'd like to say it depends on the day and time of day, but it doesn't.  Some times they are polite, attentive and remember what you tell them, other times, there are other clients (male) that are obviously of a higher priority than you and your service.  But, rarely do I avoid a restaurant with good ambiance, good prices and great food simply because she likes him better . . . . I'm ok with that.  Check it out!
Going through the reviews written about JC's surprises me, I suppose the main complaints are for the music and cute waitresses ... All I can say is the times I've been in I didn't notice bad music but that's probably because the people I was with were enjoying our conversation and the atmosphere in JC's.
The food is good, but that's the only redeeming quality. The seating 
is cramped, you will always get bumped into by one of their obnoxious "regulars". The waitresses will never get your order right unless you just order fries, and even then she will get you the wrong kind of beer. The waitress is more concerned about getting you out of there than trying to up sell on dessert or another round of drinks. Don't bother bringing ANY kind of coupons or gift certificates, the staff will argue with you about accepting them (don't bother telling me that I didn't read the conditions on the coupons, I did read and totally understood that you cannot use coupons during happy hour, we ordered food AFTER happy hour and our coupons were still not accepted). And lastly, I want to add that I worked in a couple local bar/restaurants and currently work as a waitress in a major strip casino, so I am very forgiving with any wait staff that I come across, and already have the mentality that "the customer is always wrong", but the staff is horrible and rude. Mark Riche's and the Chinese place next door are WAY more friendly and appreciative of your business.
This is from a visit about a month ago.   I had a burger and a couple beers and my wife had a chicken flat-bread and a couple cocktails.  My fries were limp and overdone and the burger was lukewarm when served.  My wife's food quality OK.  The one thing that stood out was the lack of any urgency whatever to service.  I didn't time the wait staff or anything like that, but there were delays being seated, getting a menu, getting drink reorders, getting food orders from the kitchen, and finally, getting a check.  It was very obvious to me that the slot players and a couple "regulars" got a ton of attention and prompt service from the staff---everyone else, not so much.  Docked Mr. John a star for crappy service.  Even though I live close, there are so many consistently better neighborhood joints and I won't choose to return.
Hehe, Hooters in the Burbs.  I read another review stating this and I couldn't agree more, except the waitresses at a real Hooters are usually much more fun.  I live around the corner and yet I rarely go because of this factor.  I've only ever been with my husband and we would both much sooner drive down the road to Red Rock.  

The food is hit or miss.  The drinks are expensive.  I am giving this two stars instead of one because the last time I went the sandwich I ordered was pretty good and the waitress was actually very friendly.  Maybe they're turning things around.
I've eaten here a ton, as it's one of the closest spots to home.  The food is consistently good, and unlike several of the reviewers here, I'd say the service is consistently good.  They seem to be overstaffed as opposed to understaffed most times we go - and that's a positive.  

What to order when you are there?  Sundays are 1/2 price steak night - the steaks are as good as you'll find anywhere for the price (here's a hint...don't order a steak anything but medium or medium rare - you'll kill it, at home or at any restaurant).  Tuesdays are half price burgers - they are big and very good.  The JC salad is very good (two hints - the small portion is huge, but order it on a large plate, and ask for extra pine nuts!).  Breakfast is only served on weekends - if you go, order the French Toast....it's awesome.
The location is great and the staff is fun/flirty. The food is never frozen and one can tell the difference. Its a cool little locals bar. Fun to watch a game at or chill on the pation in the spring. Check it out.
Since we heard about this place, we decided to give it a try. The wait time was bad because they had their hostess clearing tables, taking to-go orders, picking up the phone, and rearranging tables to accommodate parties. Where are your bussers, John Cutter restaurant owners? Not exactly efficient. This restaurant surprisingly saved its butt though. The food was good...good enough that we'd be willing to give it another shot. I'm just praying this poor little hostess doesn't end up doing all that work again. They need to figure something out about a waiting area or a way of creating a virtual waiting list.
I came here for the Saturday afternoon live music, which was awesome.  The atmosphere was serene.  I didn't order any food.  I had two ranger IPAs which were 5.50 each, pretty standard price.  Service was good, though I wasn't too aware.  I highly recommend patio seating with live music in the summer, anywhere.
This place is right on the corner so we can walk to it and end up eating here fairly frequently. My first impression was that I loved the decor: awesome wood bar, dark and cool inside. For a while I was sort of turned off by the service- it is not exceptional, but some of the servers are actually growing on me. The food is definitely hit or miss. The chicken sandwich and JC salad are great. Steak salad is unique but tasty. The Mexican portion of the menu is really not good. Drinks are average. I am giving it four stars because it is a good local effort and we enjoy sitting out on the patio with a drink on a lazy weekend afternoon. It's definitely nice to have in the neighborhood. Other restaurants nearby, while good, are more family focused- so this is a little break from kids if you need it.
Decent atmosphere, but interior is very crowded with the table spacing.  It was not crowded when we were there, but I can imagine with a full load, it would be tough to move around.

Food was decent, but nothing spectacular.  I had a burger; my wife had chicken marsala, which was more like pasta with a couple chunks of marsala-flavored chicken.  Prices a bit high, but somewhat expected for this part of town.  Service was very good, however: attentive and friendly.  Staff split a Caesar salad and an entree for another couple without additional upcharge, which was nice.

Short answer: I would return if I were close by, but would not drive very far to get here.
No draft beer is a drag.

I like the $6 burger Tuesday lunch special.  The house salad is good too.

The waitresses are nice to look at but it is hit or miss with service.  I go about once a week but they never seem to remember me; interesting for a neighborhood grill.

I have been a few times on Sunday during football season.  A great steak and side for $13...cannot beat that!
Just an update -- Don't stop in for a great burger - or base any future visits - on their burgers . . . went there last week for 1/2 off burger night and was immensely disappointed!  Their burgers are hard to finish -- dry, hard patty and a huge fluffy bun!  Luckily I did order mine with a JC Salad which is tops on my list, so I was okay with just half the buger and the salad.  I've always wanted to try their 1/2 off burger night, but even for $6, I'm not sure I'd do it again!
Yeah... this is an interesting place. It is kind of like Hooters, Summerlin version. The service is friendly, in a valley-girl, blonde, "Oh my god, this is the best ever!" kind of way. It was a little weird, slightly off putting after awhile. However, she did the YMCA, so I guess I'll give her points for that.

As far as the food, it was alright. Nothing spectacular. The Asian Inspired (deep fried) spring rolls were pretty spicy, but tasted ok. My friend's nachos had a long, blonde hair in it. Gross. It was replaced. The wings were pretty salty. The chicken flatbread- not bad. So, like the service, food is hit or miss.

However, I hear the Sunday steak specials are good- half off all steaks! So, while I'm in no hurry to return, I guess I wouldn't purposefully avoid it, either.
This is my Sunday Funday dining spot.
I must clarify by saying I have only been here on Sunday, which is when they have their all day 1/2 price steak special. 
I am actually on the brink of being a vegetarian, but John Cutters maintains that I never make the actual leap by luring me with its delicious cuts of never frozen meats.
I die a little inside with each bite of my petite medium done steak and whisper it words in romantic Italian. Okay okay, so I also highly recommend the JC salad.
The inside is small and dark with lots of dark wood decor, so keep that in mind when deciding what kind of ambiance you want to have for your meal. If you want something brighter and more cheery you are in luck! Recently they put in an outdoor patio dining area. This place holds lots of potential to be a great date spot, but not on Sundays. It gets pretty busy and you are only able to make reservations for 6 or more.
Drinks are always good, but pricey. Tall cans of PBR are a steal.
Kudos to the hiring manager! The staff is super friendly and they are all adorable. They also remember your usual food and drink order. Only once did I have a server (Iv never seen her again) that I really wished would do us all a real service and finish up her GED.
We often frequent John Cutter after a morning hike out at Red Rock on the weekend because of its convenient location and good food. Okay, okay....I guess you can say that the female servers (the JC Girls) that they have there is another reason why we visit! 

Here are some more thoughts on this local pub/sports bar.....

THE DECOR (3 out of 5)
This tavern is usually dimly lit and has the blinds closed to most likely provide for better viewing of the flat screen TVs. There are a few booths on one wall, a long bar with seating and in the middle are probably at least a dozen or so high tables. Fortunately whenever we've gone there the place hasn't been packed because its a little hard to maneuver through the high tables area when and with a full house I'm sure that would make it even harder to get around. I would think that they should remove one or two of the high tables to provide for a little roomier feel.....instead of being packed like little sardines in a can.

THE FOOD (4 out of 5)
What really has us coming back is the food. They have a good Philly cheesesteak sandwich (including a breakfast version with eggs), and when there are football games playing, they will usually have several specials going on. So it's really worth it if you're there during football season.

THE SERVICE (3 out of 5)
Okay, this is a really hit and miss one with John Cutter. Sometimes the service is great with our server being on the ball to see if we need anything else. However, there are times that we've had to wait several minutes to get refills on our drinks. And no, those haven't been times when the place is packed. I just think that the servers need to walk through the dining area every so often to make sure that you've got everything that you need.

OVERALL (3 out of 5)
John Cutter is still worth stopping by on your next trip out to Red Rock Canyon. But I really think that there are some simple things that they could do to make it a more pleasurable experience.
Kristie & Jenny were helping us out tonight, worst bartenders we have experienced at this place. We had a comp for our anniversary and they couldn't figure out what to do with it. Jenny was new and didnt know what to do with our comp but Kristie argued with us when we got our bill about the comp. we had been gambling all night, she finally informed us that 'everywhere in Vegas is the same and you need to out 20 in the machine to get comped'  we weren't looking for our tab to be comped but we were playing at the bar and an extra drink would be nice here and there considering we ARE Locals. I also have to complain about the food. We ordered the queso fundido and it can out cold. I stuck my finger to the boton if the bowl and it was not hot! I was yoo aftaid to send it back for fear they would spit in my food. Too bad this place is so close to the house. I finally remember why I only visit once a year.

Kristie & Jenny were helping us out tonight, worst bartenders we have experienced at this place. We had a comp for our anniversary and they couldn't figure out what to do with it. Jenny was new and didnt know what to do with our comp but Kristie argued with us when we got our bill about the comp. we had been gambling all night, she finally informed us that 'everywhere in Vegas is the same and you need to out 20 in the machine to get comped'  we weren't looking for our tab to be comped but we were playing at the bar and an extra drink would be nice here and there considering we ARE Locals. I also have to complain about the food. We ordered the queso fundido and it can out cold. I stuck my finger to the boton if the bowl and it was not hot! I was yoo aftaid to send it back for fear they would spit in my food. Too bad this place is so close to the house. I finally remember why I only visit once a year.
Sunday's need i say more......1/2 price steaks yes i said more :)
The Mexican menu is rad. The JC Wet Burrito is amazing... Highly recommend it. Try the chips and salsa as well but be warned... The salsa is no joke.
The live music was great but the food was way to expensive for lunch. I came there with my girlfriend and paid $15 for an okay sandwich. Management and staff were great and overall atmosphere. PLEASE do a Lunch Special!
Just wondering- do owners/ managers ever read Yelp reviews?? Because diners certainly do! This town is notorious for being a chain Mecca- ugh. I love going to restaurants that aren't. We tried this bar/bistro on a groupon. Have you ever had Denny's ? That's about it. 1980's called- they want their Denver omelette back. A slice of watermelon & orange accompanied this fine plate along with a 1/4 cup of frozen hash brown potatoes billed as "home fries". Jesus people. If you want to open a restaurant, watch a few episodes of "master chef" first. No bueno. Service was ok, but a great way to increase your bill, and hence your tip, is to ask your table if they'd like another drink when their glasses are empty. This reflects on management- train your servers. Obviously you're hiring for their looks rather than motivational skills so just tell them.  Unfortunately, won't be back. Vegas- don't be do greedy about the gambling revenue- we like good food too- and this is not it.
The food was fantastic!  Steak done perfectly and the fact is was half price made it taste better.  The space is "cozy".....that's code for tiny and crowded.  Still, the food was so good that it didn't really matter.  The only bad thing I have to say is our waitress's breath was so bad I could see it!  I was literally leaning away from her it was horrible!  Please ladies, if you smoke, brush your teeth before getting that close to a customer!  UGH!
I'm so excited we just found this place in our neighborhood.  We had the soft pretzels, steak salad, and the chicken wrap.    All were delicious.   Very friendly staff and they were even willing to change the tv to our game.  Looking forward to making this a regular place for us!
Service is always HORRIBLE. They are consistently understaffed and the few waitresses they have seem to be absolutely incompetent. There is a horrible smell inside the restaurant every time I have been- like there is a broken sewage pipe!?. The absolutely ONLY redeeming quality this place has is the location. JOHN CUTTER OWNERS/INVESTORS: Where are you?! GET THIS PLACE TOGETHER BEFORE YOU GO OUT OF BUSINESS!!! How many poor reviews and negative feedback do you need before you take action and make improvements?
Love Sunday Night Steak night
My wife and I have been to John Cutters a few times and every time we walk out pleased. Servers are excellent, bartenders are too.  The food is always good.  Last weekend I had the Mediterranean Chicken Wrap. It came with a choice of fries or a house salad. The house salad was AWESOME.  Plus I won $20 while watching the football game at the bar.  I'll be back real soon!
On vacation we stopped for lunch and were pleasantly surprise at the "cool" inside. It's got a lot of wood and nice ambiance. Low lights and pub feel to it. Our server was Sarah and she was very friendly. She took our drink orders right away and our food order as soon as our drinks arrived. I had the 1/2 order Philly Fries and my husband had the Filet Mignon Salad. My Phiily Fries were enough for two people even though it was a half order. The fries weren't my favorite mi like my fries a bit thinner but they were good nonetheless. My husband was very happy with his salad. All in all a good experience.
This is our usual go to spot after hiking Red Rock and I have also walked with my dogs to eat on the patio.  Until this past Sunday I had only had the basics, wraps, burgers, etc.  Basic bar food and drinks.  Nothing amazing but good and the staff is always friendly.   I am always a fan of a place that provides water to my fur babies.  
Now, this past Sunday is what made it 4 stars for me.  Their half off steak special!  I mean you can't beat bone in rib eye and a large salad for about $15.   Make sure and sign up for their text coupons as they seem to send them about once a week.
Nice fast stop in for Sunday Breakfast.  Eat at the bar.  Have a Virgin Mary or not so Virgin.  Either way it is a fun stop.
good place to eat and have a drink. Did well on the machines to.
The best thing I can say about john cutters is I can walk there from my house. 

The worst is I haven't in over a year because it wasn't that great a visit. Food is ok. It is what it is. I was hoping it would be better. I was really hoping that one of the restaurants near home was worth going to. I'm still waiting and hoping the tapas place is good. Not high expectations since I heard same owners. 

I own a restaurant, so I'm very forgiving of a lot. I don't mind some lousy service, but if you look at the reviews you have to recognize it's an issue

I'm not a couponer or someone who goes in cause Sunday is half price. I'll pay for good food. Actually, if you need to charge more charge more. Certified angus or not, a good choice steak coming from the right seller to Sysco will blow your steak away. I buy them for personal use sometimes. 

I'm writing review in hopes of improvement. I know that's highly unlikely. It's the problem with companies owning all the restaurants instead of a person. It would be really nice to have a nice restaurant around with someone running it who is financially involved.
John Cutter is a fun little restaurant! It is totally A-Ok in my book.  Here's why I think it is ok:

1. Decent size menu with a lot of interesting options.  Lots of your traditional stuff with little twists to make them a bit different from the rest.  We went during breakfast, so I will focus on that for now.  A couple of examples of fun food would be the breakfast quesadilla, crunchy french toast, and a breakfast Philly cheese steak. I looked over the lunch/dinner menu and it has a lot of things that looked tasty as well.  It isn't a huge menu, but ok overall.

2. The flavor of the food.  I had the breakfast quesadilla with steak and I was quite pleased.  You get a huge serving because they use the biggest tortillas ever and layer them instead of folding them in half.  The quesadilla was stuffed full of eggs and cheese with an ok share of steak sprinkled throughout.  It could have used a bit more steak, especially for the $5 surcharge to add it, but overall it was pretty good.  The tortillas were crispy and held together nicely, even being stuffed.  My hubby got the crunchy french toast.  It was a fun twist on your average french toast.  It didn't blow my socks off, but it was average.  My hubby really enjoyed it though, for whatever that matters.

3.  The prices.  The prices all seemed to be a $1 or 2 too high on the breakfast menu.  The food was ok and with good sized servings, but it seemed a bit high, especially on the kids menu.  The kid's breakfast is $7 and the lunch/dinner kids menu is $10.  I guess they are going for a more upscale place with the prices, but they just didn't seem to fit.

4. The interior is pretty, especially right now with the Christmas decoration up.  There were big wreaths along the wall, huge snowflakes everywhere, and even some mistletoe!  It had a rustic cantina look mixed with a bit of modern leather accents.  It really was nicely decorated.

5. The service is on the mediocre side.  Everyone we talked too was super friendly and polite.  The problem is they were also absent most of the time and a bit on the ditzy side.  My hubby had a cup of coffee that was never refilled or even offered to get a refill, and the same went for my glass of water.  We were checked on about half way through our meal and when the check arrived, but that was it.  I don't think we are demanding, but a refill every now and then is more than reasonable in my book.

So over all, John Cutter has some good things going for it, but it has some misses as well.  The food is tasty, but a bit pricey.  The interior is lovely, but the service level is hit or miss.  When you average everything out, I think 3 stars is a good average.
Do you want to be ignored for an hour or so while you over pay for whatever you order? Then this place is perfect! I would seriously give this place zero stars however the food was OK, so I wanted to give the chef some credit because the food was average.

For anyone interested in a authentic "Asian Salad", this place isn't so perfect. However if instead of "Asian greens" you would like some "shredded iceberg lettuce", and instead of "crispy asian noodles" you would like "dry roasted peanuts from CVS", then this Asian Salad is a real winner! My fiance and I unfortunately wanted the actual Asian Salad so the iceberg lettuce w/ dry roasted peanuts didn't really hit the spot.

I had a BBQ Chicken sandwich and that was ok, probably the highlight of the meal. With regard to the service, it went from bad, to worse, to embarrassingly bad, to literally the worst experience we've ever had in Las Vegas. For example when we were ordering drinks there was probably a 3-4 second pause while deciding, and the waitress barked, "so have you made up your mind or do you just want water?!!!". There were also numerous other comments at the various stages of the meal that were just not what we're accustom to when we go out to dinner. How about a "please", a "thank you",  an "is everything ok?", or a "do you guys need anything?", etc, etc. We received none of this,even the check just came flying from out of the corner of my eye as she bolted by before I could order another beer, or we could order dessert!

 It felt like this poor girl was a displaced worker of the night who was really just wasn't happy in the service industry....I mean the "food service" industry. Anyway there are 100000001 places to eat in Vegas where you can get a good meal, good drinks, and good service at a good price, no need to go here unless you are too happy and want to get a little depressed over dinner.

Ron out-
Went in for New years day for a quick bite to eat. Totally ignored for 15 minutes in the dining area. Sat ourselves, took our own menus. Waitress walked by us countless times, not a peep. Menu looked way over priced anyways. No thanks John Cutter.
Cutters is nice, but spendy.  The food is good, not great.  Good beer selection.  If the damn place weren't so expensive, I would come here all the time with friends after climbing, as it is very close to my house - could ride my bike there! Unfortunately, it is a bit spendy for me to become a 'regular' there.
From the attentive, fun bartender, Jillian, to our welcoming waitress, Blondie, to the helpful manager, Kristy, this is a wonderful venue to eat, drink & walk away happy & stuffed. This is our second Tuesday, half-off burger night & we took most of it home. Big, juicy burger with all the trimmings with either fries....yes! or a lovely side salad were thoroughly enjoyed. Suggestion: have more burger choices!
Although we go to the other restaurants owned by the Corrigans more frequently, we felt that these women make us want to return. Great all around!
Perfect place to relax after our Red Rock adventures!!  Great drinks and great food.  Definitely try the Philly Fries.  Sit in Sarah's section!  First time having her serve us.  Very friendly and attentive!!  Thanks!!
Had a great time talking and eating with friends after Red Rock.  Had the BBQ Chicken Wrap with the salad and both were great!  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because my Coors Light came out in a Tall Boy Can. But it was still good.  Sarah was our waitress and did a good job as well.
It's been at least a year or two since I've been here. Used to live nearby. This place has gone downhill...

ATMOSPHERE: It used to be a quaint little place to grab a nice bite to eat in a quiet, relaxed, upscale place. It's gotten really tacky since my last visit. Cheesy decorations everywhere. Terrible hip hop music (which none of the 7 customers seemed to be enjoying). The menu looks like a drunk scrapbooker made it...it used to look a lot more professional. The back page of the menu is dedicated to the "John Cutter Girls", full of pictures of what appears to be the all-female staff in John Cutter tank tops. When I said tacky, I wasn't kidding (and I'm a male in my thirties...I'm pretty sure I'm the clientele they're targeting and it was tacky to me). I think maybe the owner of this place is a middle aged, horny guy with no taste. If not, then maybe they're targeting middle aged, horny guys with no taste for customers.

FOOD: The food was still pretty good. I ordered the BBQ Chicken Flatbread, one of my old favorites. It still tastes great but it's a pizza now, not a flatbread. They should change their menu to reflect that. I probably wouldn't have ordered nachos if I knew the it was a pizza. The nachos were just ok, really sparse toppings. 

I used to think this place was great. I talked it up to my girlfriend before we went. What a letdown. I doubt I'll go back. If this place were to lose the tackiness and go back to being a little more upscale and slick, I think it would be better off. Oh yeah, and I'm pretty sure the bartender was drunk, which just added to the tackiness of the place.
Went for the first time tonight. Did not like the feel or decor. Tons of tacky Easter decorations everywhere. Even without those decorations the bar had a creepy feeling to it. 3 bartenders all with there cell phones in hand texting. Did not eat but person next to me was eating and it looked good.
Average and overpriced food. Hit or miss on the friendliness of the bartenders. And they always seem to do something to piss me off. From denying my happy hour app pricing 2 minutes after the hour after the bartender ignored me for 10 minutes, to only allowing me to use my expired groupon (when they expire the value just goes down to the amount you paid for it and it kinda turns into a gift card) for breakfast items....I've given this place like 10 shots and really want to end up liking it since I live two blocks away, but it's just not worth it...
Excellent neighborhood hang out place.  Love the Sunday half off steak.  Great service.
We decided to stop by here for lunch after hiking out at Red Rocks Canyon.  We ordered an appetizer of the BBQ Wings. They came with fries, carrots and celery. This was the highlight of the meal. The fries were cooked well, seasoned perfectly, and the wings still had some crunch, and the sauce wasn't over done. 

I ordered the Ranch Chicken Sandwich and requested a change of the breaded chicken to grilled, which they accommodated just fine, but the chicken wasn't in one piece.  It was two thin pieces of chicken stacked on top each other, and the one piece was actually two or three laid together. I needed to keep the toothpick in the bun just to keep the sandwich together to try to eat it. Eventually, I gave up on the bun and just started cutting the chicken with a knife and ate it with a fork.

I chose the salad for the side, since we already had fries with our app. I asked for ranch instead of the champagne vinaigrette because I was unsure if it would be too much, but the cooks made it the same as usual out of habit. The salad was overwhelmingly coated in the dressing, and they loaded it with so much feta cheese that the flavor was too much to handle. I would have preferred the spring mix with ranch and nothing else compared to the overloaded and overdone salad that I got. I also noticed that I wasn't the only person that the cooks didn't pay attention to because another patron of the restaurant had to send their side back because they had asked for something else.

The server we had (it said Blondie on the receipt) was excellent. Friendly and cheerful, despite feeling overwhelmed from being the only server in the restaurant.  

The bartender, Renee, on the other hand, should be fired. She had an attitude on the floor and was cursing a lot. I don't care what kind of day you have had, it's inappropriate to act that way while working. You shouldn't be cursing about the guests either, even if they are people you know. (One example is, "...get these f*@^ers some fries.") Totally inappropriate and unprofessional. She needs a hard dose of reality on how to act in public.
Always a good time to enjoy the fun vibe of this West side gin mill. Sexy staff, good food and good times always!
We keep going back. We live 1/2 a mile away. Meet other local friends there. Sometimes the food is great, sometimes not so much. Prices are good. The girls are cute and funny. But hell, it's LV, where aren't the waitresses cute and funny.
What kind of a bar and grill has zero beer on tap? We had the pretzels, philly fries, nachos, and wings. The pretzels were the only thing that were actually good enough to finish. Everything else was crappy bar food. I'm pretty sure my small over breaded wings came from a Tyson bag that they bought at albertsons across the parking lot. I ate two of them and decided I had a little bit too much self respect for anymore. The place has a decent atmosphere aside from the random decorations that don't fit in the least. Not somewhere I'll be going again.
This was my favorite breakfast spot in town, but the new limited menu lost a few of my favorites - including the country fried steak and eggs. Sadly, that was a deal-breaker. Let me know if you decide to go back to the old menu.
The food was generally average as far as bar food is concerned but the service, especially the kitchen speed, is well below par.  I will say that we were there for lunch on Father's day but they were not overwhelmingly busy.  Checks came out way out of order and other customers were also audibly upset with the slowness of the kitchen,

45 minutes for chicken nuggets, steak and eggs a wrap and a philly is WAY too long, even if you are busy.  The "OOOpps sorry bout that " wait staff with no skills in dealing with customer complaints is why I won't be back.
The food is decent, but that is if you can actually get service once seated, and if you get service it comes with a lot of bad attitude!

I'd recommend skipping this place!
We decided to go here because they are part of the Southwest Airlines Rapid Rewards Dining program (we wanted the points). We went about 5pm Saturday night and there were only a few people in the restaurant. They told us to sit anywhere so we chose a booth. The waitress came right over and took our drink order. I needed a couple minutes to look at the menu so she said she would come back. When she brought or drinks we ordered. Didn't take long for the food to arrive. BBQ chicken sandwich for me and philly cheese steak for hubby (he got the full and it was huge). Food was good. The staff was great.
I was in Mesa to go to the Cardinals Eagles game the next day, so we decided to come here because we have never been. 

Food was normal bar food. I got the parmesan garlic wings that I thought were good, but there were like 12 different sauces to choose from. We also got the ballpark sampler. It's hard to mess up bar good. 

Service was good, even though the place was packed for UFC and they had a bunch of beers on tap and never had to wait for another beer.
I was in the area and decided to give this place a shot.  It was about 1ish and the place wasn't crowded at all.

They had like a zillion TVs and a interactive video game thingy at every booth which was very neat.  If there was a Buffalo Wild Wings near my house and I was into sports I would definitely stay there for hours to drink, eat and watch games.

So about the food....

Since it is almost the new year and I want to start it off right, I opted out of the typical wings because they are fried and breaded.  I just don't understand why wing places haven't figured out that they can just bake their wings and they will be just as good?  Anyway,  my wife and I each ordered the Naked Tenders and side salads.  The tenders came with whatever sauces you want so we got 5 to try.  My wife didn't like any of them but my favorite was the parmesan garlic.  The spicy garlic wasn't too bad but anything hotter than that was just too hot for us.  We both thought the tenders were very good and simple.  They are also a very healthy option if you don't dip them in too much sauce so I tried not to.  The salad was also pretty good.

The service was pretty fast and friendly so no complaints there.  Though I probably won't be back to this particular location because I am almost never in the area, I will go to another Buffalo Wild Wings in the future to try some other wings and sauces.
I've been here a few times, mostly because it's close to my house but I like it.  The atmosphere is a little loud but if you are into 85 TV's displaying 40 different sports programs it's all good.  What brings me back ... their mojito's ... love 'em.
Nice sports bar setting, more TV's than you could ask for, clean setting but.... The food is just barely eatable & overpriced.  Some of the worst wings around, their only saving grace is the multiple sauces to choose from.  Service usually goes from aggravatingly slow to horrible, though we did have one good waiter, once.

If you just want to watch the game & have a beer it is fine, just don't go hungry.
Have been in twice since my last review. Its a like a COMPLETELY new atmosphere!! And sorry to say this is not in a good way. Service was terrible and I was emberassed that I actually brought some new people with me to try it out. Just went for this saturdays last ufc fight! They were like natzi's with the seating you have to have 75% of your party with you to get a seat even though my boys were parking and in the parking lot they gave our table away so after getting the tenth degree abou there seating rules we were finally sat all had to sit speraticly through out the bar. We should've just turned around right then but decided to stay... then on top of that we were sat next to some drunk beligerent people spilling and flirting with there server (wich you could tell made her uncomfotable) that table were continuosly getting over served beers. Since there was not one mgr in sight the little time we were one of my boys stepped in and there was almost a fight right then and there.. putting that aside our service was horrible some dude was our server and we went without seeing him for like 30 min and not so cold beers. At that point after one round of drinks we decided not to order food and the table next to us was gripeing about there food so that was another sign to get the F out of there so we paid (once the server got back) then bolted. I wasn't going to yelp anything BUT I just received my checking statement and the dude added 5 to his 3 dollar tip. I gave the guy 3 on $12 he was lucky to have even gotten that. I'm going to find out the guys name and go to upper mgmt because this is not the first time i've heard of this happening there. With that said.. I WILL NEVER BE BACK HERE AGAIN! This place has gone down hill!! . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE !! Very disappointed
My husband & I have been avid BWW goer's ever since we moved to Gilbert 3 years ago. We frequented the McQueen & Elliot location almost once a week the entire time we lived nearby.  The wings are awesome and it's the best place to watch any kind of sports. Every time friends come in town we take them to Thursday night $.50 wings & $3 you-call-its. 

We have since moved to East Mesa and last night two good friends where in town visiting. We were on our way home when they asked about BWW and said they had been really looking forward to making a trip there while they were in town.

It was 12:30 am and we were driving nearby this location. I wasn't sure what time they closed so I looked up the number on my phone quickly and called to ask. Someone answered the phone and said "we close at 1." We knew we were cutting it close but were craving wings so we decided we would run in, order wings togo, have one round of drinks while they were being cooked and make it out right at closing. We have all worked in the service industry so we are very cognizant of common restaurant courtesy and always tip extremely well.

When we walked in we were immediately faced with the manager, Shana I believe, who very rudely said "we are closed." My husband looked at his phone and said it is only 12:40 and we just called and someone told us you close at 1. She said she was indeed the person who answered the phone and her clock actually said it was 12:55 and they are closed. We explained our intention of ordering togo and having one drink and she again very rudely  said the bar was absolutely off limits they did last call 20 minutes ago and if we HAD to order food it we would be waiting for awhile because she would have to "refire" up the kitchen and get everything back out since its all been cleaned up already. 

At this point we had no intention of staying and were really offended at how we were being treated. We calmly explained we would have appreciated if she had been truthful with us on the phone. If she had simply replied that they close at 1 but the kitchen has already cleaned up and last call for the bar was 20 minutes ago we would not have even wasted the time to drive there. 
She did not apologize and was still speaking to us with a ridiculous attitude. Everyone was frustrated at this point and as we started to a leave a server that had walked up earlier called my husband an "asshole". This was completely appalling, so unnecessary, absolutely undeserved and insanely unprofessional. 

We will NEVER go back to this location, if you are craving BWW stop in to the McQueen & Elliot location where all of the staff are super friendly, accommodating and professional.
The management here is completely unprofessional. We came here when there was apparently a UFC fight on (we had no idea and just wanted to watch football). We stopped and checked in with the hostess but because the fight was on all she said she could do was put our name on the list and couldn't quote us any kind of a wait time. Wow. Ok. So since the bar is usually open seating Mike tells her he's going to head over to see if there are any open tables there. He finds one and proceeds to sit down when a manager starts yelling at him that he can't sit there. He asks why (Who wouldn't?) and she tells him because he just can't.  So he walks back to the hostess where I am waiting and tells us what happened and the the hostess apologizes and tells us that only the rail at the bar is open seating. Um, thanks. Not sure why she didn't tell us that in the first place. And I'm not sure why the manager of all people just didn't say that is wasn't open seating right now and suggest that we sit at bar rail. 

I can understand that things can get stressful when the place is packed and people are drinking, but that is no excuse as a manager to have a bad attitude.
Hard to beat B Dubs. This one is no exception. Growing up in Ohio where they started I was happy to find them out here. Now if I could only get an In N Out back home I would be all set LOL
Love the desert heat wings. Lots of TV's for your sports viewing. The service is generally good the last couple times we have had to return the queso dip as it came to the table lukewarm. Each time the server was very apologetic.
i really miss the one in north mesa...really good wings, some great sauces.  good atmosphere for a sports bar.  a touch over priced but pretty consistent quality se we keep going back.  the asian zing sauce is really adicting....
good wings and great saucy choices.  what you expect from a BW3.  service was ok to good, setting is a bit open an not really inviting...like a big box.  The monitors on teh booths are a bit annoyuing, I only sit at a booth without one...
After reading reviews from this place I was hesitant to try it but it was on my way home from school so I thought, just pick up some wings, how can they do wrong?  Well first impressions were great, employees were nice and friendly, the cashier even gave me free wing cards.  After leaving, I was anticipating a good review, but I was disappointed.  The cards expired in a day. My wings had no sauce on them, they were plain! I also requested flats only and that was not the case.  Boo!
I visit the Gilbert and Warner location frequently. I've had fairly consistently good service and food at that location. This location is another story.

After taking our drink order (waters and soda) it took over 10 minutes for the server to actually bring it, blaming the bar for the delay even though she filled the cups at the soda station next to our table. After our food was ordered, half the food was brought to our table right away, leaving half our party without their meals for another 10 minutes. We had two orders of wings. One order was covered in sauce, the other had a dab on each piece. It was $.60 for an extra side of sauce. After clearing our food we waited 15 minutes for the server to bring our bill then another 10 for our server to actually run payment. Needless to say, she got a $2.00 tip on a $40.00 bill.

If you are in Gilbert, just go to the one on Gilbert and Warner. The service is better, the food is better; it was worth the drive.
So our first trip the restaurant ran out of wings. No, that's not a typo...a wing restaurant ran out of WINGS! Our second trip we say down but never received service and it wasn't even busy so we left...unnoticed. Our third trip the restaurant was out of their featured sauce. 3 strikes, you're out BWW!
I am a huge Buffalo Wild Wings fans, but I never eat at this location. The service SUCKS. I think I tried it three times because I am willing to let a place redeem themselves (or I was dragged against my will), and the service was equally bad each time. Twice they got the orders wrong, and one time our waitress forgot to even put our order in at all. My advice, go to the one on Gilbert and Warner.
Server was great, place was clean, food was good. I actually didn't get wings this time, and went for chicken tenders and fries. I should have got 4 instead of 6. Filling.
This is an above average sports bar chain with fantastic chicken wings. I like stopping here for lunch occasionally, I don't know if I'd ever bother late night.
Wow I wish I would've checkout out this location before going to watch a game there with a buddy. I have to agree with all of the other 1-star reviewers on here. The service sucked big time, and I could have made food just as good at my house. I've never had wings with BWW, maybe my review would be a little higher. Definitely not the best food from the 3 or 4 times I've been, and this location had the worst service....our waitress seemed like she was having a bad night, and seemed to have an attitude. She left half way through the 3.5 hours we were there, and not a single person even checked on us for 2.5 of those hours (it wasn't even remotely busy!!!). The only reason I gave it  second star was because it is a good place to watch a game (tvs everywhere). Listen to the majority: DON'T GO!
Thank you BWW for the energetic atmosphere during football season!! When I don't plan right, I get the crappy table on the side, under the TVs but you have SO many TVs I can still watch my Bears from any angle! The food is super greasy and I never feel good when I leave, but I'm not going there for the food - I love the united and random screams and shouts and I will continue to put my stomach through the ringer just to be a part of all the commotion!
After shunning this place for over a year, I was dragged in by my family for my brother's birthday. Management must have read all the service complaints because it was a huge step up. Our waiter was great and I noticed the other servers were working fast and checking on other tables regularly. Hopefully it stays this way!
Great place to watch sporting events especially if you're into UFC or Boxing, b/c they don't charge a fee to watch big fights unlike some other places. Lots of high def TV screens that you can definitely catch all the football and basketball games as well. Food is okay. I used to like the wings and how they offer so many different sauces. But to be honest, it's not that great. Good beer options though.
B-Dubs rocks! Being from Ohio, the birthplace of this chain, I love coming here. Tons of TV's playing every game, great wings, and a great environment.
Decent service, but gets pretty expensive unless you go for one of the special nights. Only complaint is sometimes they seem a little greedy with the sauce. I've had boneless wings served with barely a speck of sauce on them. Otherwise, you know what you're getting every time. 

Great place to watch games and just get together with friends.

One last thing. They can probably take down the framed Nash and Leinart jerseys that hang in the dining area.
The food is pretty good at this BWW's, I usually sit at the bar and the service has been excellent especially when Melissa is working.
I brought my daughter into this location on Thurs. 05/23 for lunch. I was extremely happy with my food and service. The lunch specials were phenomenal in price and quality. I asked someone there, maybe my server which wings they liked the best. I was told the Garlic Parmesan. Perfect choice!! My server was Marissa, and her service was above and beyond, and we loved talking with her. She even remembered my daughters boyfriend from a previous visit. 3 lunch specials and a few boneless wings for my youngest daughter (age 6) and a couple of iced teas. The price was around $32 bucks. AWESOME!!!!  Can't beat that! I would have spent that at McDonalds! Gross and no comparison in quality and ambiance!
This is by far the worst BWW!  Several of the other reviews spotlight my issues as well service is horrible and often very stingy with sauce.  I will not be going back to this BWW
Went yesterday to watch the Giants/Broncos game after a bad experience at another place closer to home that ended in us walking out without even sitting down. 

Seating was a little odd, you can give your name for a table in the dining room and wait, or hunt up your own table in the bar. Plenty of staff so it didn't seem like it would have been a big inconvenience for someone to work at seating people. Would have perhaps slowed the 'one guy at a table for four' while larger parties crowded around deuces trying to see the games they wanted. 

But that's a minor point. They had TVs everywhere and turned to every NFL game as well as MLB and even soccer. Sound was only up on the dreaded Cardinals game, but I can manage. 

Took longer than needed to sort out which server was ours, but once we did, he was awesome! Took great care of us throughout the afternoon. 

It was fun to watch the game with other fans. The apps we tried were tasty. Only complaint - they don't do pitchers of beer...really? 

Bottom line - we would go back for another out of market game, no question. Can't afford it every week, but felt like we got good value and great service for the $$
Went into this location around 11:00pm with a larger group of friends. Seating didn't take long because the place wasn't busy. Service was good. Ordered my food by building my own burger. I got chili on my burger and when it arrived, it looked like my chili had been sitting out all day long. Looked like it had dried a bit. However to the lack of my better judgement I still ate the burger. Well, I'm sick this morning and I believe it is all out of my system by now. Not returning to this location.
Great service, great food. Came in to watch a soccer match. Thy changed a big screen for us which was great, kept the drinks filled and attended to all needs. My only suggestion would be don't pile everyone so close to each other when the place isn't close to being full. We had an annoying kids kicking the booth behind us which was the same structure I was sitting in. It made me nauseated and the parents were too busy stuffing their faces.. not BWW fault but again space everyone out
Service is just bad. Very disorganized place. 

Went in with a medium group of friends on a Friday around 5pm. Ordered drinks and appetizers .... Food arrived before the drinks.  Like 5 minutes before. Really?

Food is average corporate crap. Edible. But not 'good' by any means. Had onion rings, fried shrooms, and a burger. All was plain-jane, uninspiring and bland.  Despite the waitress saying how 'amazing' the burger we ordered would be. Hardly .... 

Service was bad. My girlfriend had to get up several times to go inside and make requests for things the server forgot. Like the straw she asked for twice.  When asking for our tab, the server returned with others, not ours.  Then came out with a huge stack of receipts and had to go thru them all to find our tab and a few others. Just a poorly managed place. No one seems to really know what they are doing. And the food definitely isn't worth having that kind of patience. 

I won't be back to this location. In fact, I prefer to patronize smaller non- corporate bars and restaurants. I only went for the company of good friends. And that would be the ONLY reason I'd return to BWW ....  ever.
I tend to go to a lot of sports bars especially during football season. This BWWs is one of my favorites. I was here almost every sunday since I moved here in September. I always headed straight to the bar area to grab a table. I was assisted immediately after seating. Drinks and food were brought quickly and tasted great. never had an issue with food or service any time I went there. never sat in the actual dining area so i can't speak for the service there but the crew and bartenders in the bar area are amazing!
My girlfriend and I showed up in the early afternoon on a weekday. So, slow and dead inside. Maybe 4 customers in the restaurant  when we arrived. Our waitress seemed nice, but kept referring to us as honey or dear (just a pet peeve of mine). We ordered a set of wings and pork sliders with fries. Took them over 25 min to finally get our food. For a place that was empty, that's ridiculous. The wings were hot, but the sliders cold. Sliders obviously made first and just sitting around... When we finally finish, she brings the bill. We were charged for 2 drinks when we only had 1 drink and one water. She had the hardest time understanding this for some reason... 
Not coming back here, at least during the afternoon anyways...
Ok I've read the reviews and there are not a lot of favorable ones.  But I have to tell you...my husband and I go to this BWW every tuesday.  

First off, one day, I decided to order a side garden salad instead of fries....OMG... Now we always order a side garden salad because it is the BEST, crispest, freshest salad I think I've ever gotten in a restaurant ... and it's consistently good!  Never thought I'd find that in a BWW!! Give it a shot!  The wings are always amazing as wings usually are and we always order with the honey bbq sauce.  Add a Kiltlifter.....YUM.

I have to tell you... I think the staff in incredible.  They have always been friendly, accommodating and responsive.  Maybe we've just been lucky, but you'd think going as often as we have we would have run into a bad experience once or twice.  This just hasnt been the case!
The hubs and I planned on meeting a friend to watch a hockey game on a Sunday evening. The bar was rather full... Just a few empty tables. The bar top was empty so we attempted to take a seat... The female bartender come up so fast and demanded my ID before I could even sit down! I realize i look young, but god damn! So just to be an ass I ordered a water. Seriously give me a minute. 

Now, that entire experience had set the tone... We had to ask to order any thing... She would not check on us... Then she argued about a mistake she made! Her shirt was so worn her name was no longer visible  and the entire time we sat at her bar we didn't know her name. Since I was starving I order the poppers and a side salad. They brought the veggie platter, she rang in an $8 salad. When I clarified what i wanted she blamed the mistake on the kitchen (I could see on the screen what she had rang in). When my husband tried to justify the confusion, there is no $8 garden salad on the menu, she argued and was defensive. From that point we could hear her complaining about us to other employees! Classy. We again had to ask the manager for the side garden salad... He was told we didn't want it. WTF!!!!!! We eventually got the apology owed from the manager... Not our bartender. He did his best to rectify the situation, which is why we stayed. 

She left with an attitude. John took over! He had one of those new shirts and a name tag! He did great! 5stars for john. When I ordered; he repeated and clarified my order. Everything met expectation, in the end. BWW isn't my favorite place to dine, but we were in a pinch... John was truly the saving grace tonight. Very knowledgable on menu items, cracking jokes and working hard. We gladly showed our appreciation in our tip tonight. He would be the only reason why we would return. 

The poor rating on this review is directly connected to my experience with what's her name....
I like the food at buffalo ww and our service had always been great. They serve coke zero which is a plus to me. They've let us sample sauces before ordering which leads me to trying new things although I always get naked wings with side salad. Surprisingly not too bad calorie wise.  The reason i don't go here more often is it is so loud. I understand its s sports bar so that's on me but it could come down a notch at least when its not a big game.
Not sure if this location has a new manager or what the situation is, but the servers are in need of a some additional training.  Last week, we were in and placed an order for our usual Asian Zing boneless.  The waitress brought the food out and it was a totally different flavor.  When she came back after a while, I asked her to verify what flavor I ordered to make sure it wasn't my mistake.  She said Asian Zing, so I told her she should take it up with the kitchen because she brought us Honey BBQ.  She then admitted she heard me correctly, but just entered it wrong.  Finally, noting we ate a couple, and rather than make it right or adjust the bill, she asked "well, they're still good right?"  No, we didn't eat some because they were good, we ate some because they only looked like what we thought we ordered.

Today, we were in again, sat in the middle of the bar area.  There were plenty of staff milling about the room, but no one acknowledged us for a good 10 mins until the bartender shouted across the way asking if we'd been helped yet.  I shook my head, then he had us yell our drink orders to him.  Apparently, this woke up our waitress and she showed up with silverware proclaiming our drinks were on their way.   Gee, thanks!  

When it came time to leave, the waitress was very eager to bus our table and hurry us out of there for some reason, even though the place was fairly empty.  In her haste to clear the table, she spilled some leftover marinara all over my leg and the splash hit my kid's white hat.  (The best part was I had to listen to my 10 yr old complain about his favorite hat being ruined all the way home...awesome!)  Like last week, no attempt to make the situation right with extra napkins or any sort of compensation, just a giggle and a "sorry about the marinara".

Could be my bad visiting in in the dead of summer.  Perhaps their varsity servers only work football season.  I'll probably stay away until then.
Great selection of wing flavors; everything from plain to I can't believe this is so hot.
This will be a short review... when BWW came out, I really liked their wings. But over the years it seems like they've moved into cooking their wings and then just splashing sauce on them as you order them. This is OK, so long as you know this is what you are getting.

If you go with children be sure to see if they have any of their gaming systems available. They are good to keep the kids entertained while you eat or watch a game.

On a side note - I am allergic to the Caribbean Jerk. LOL.
I'm surprised at the number of negative comments I am seeing about BWW.  My hubby and I have been coming here at least once per month for years, usually on Friday nights.  We are on a first name basis with some of the friendly and attentive staff (Marissa is awesome!).  We have NEVER had a bad meal here!  Occasionally the wait times are a bit long but hey, it's Friday night!  We absolutely love BWW!!!
I've been here every Sunday for the World Cup. They have great wings with tons of choices of sauces. The even have a build your own burger section on the menu as well as many great appetizers to chose from. 

My favorite is to start with chili con queso dip and a blue moon and a chicken sandwich with parmesan garlic sauce.
Went there tonight with my softball team you could tell things were a bit unorganized.. A few things were forgotten but they did a great job to take care of the problems. Also our server seemed to handle everything well despite the problems. Way to totally redeem themselves
North 51 Grill is pretty much on the corner of the 51 and Shea, in a mostly dead strip mall with a Pizza Hut and a Subway, and the newly opened Storm Wisdom. 

We stopped in for lunch recently and discovered that it used to be a Dirty Drummer. They even still had a DD neon sign on the wall (turned off). The place was nearly empty, but so were our tummies, so we stayed. It wasn't exactly spotless, so I guess they're keeping the spirit of the old name. The waitress was good, made helpful suggestions, and kept our iced teas full. 

We shared a cheese crisp, which came out hot and cheesy, with a really really good house-made green salsa. Hubby had a cheese enchilada with green sauce, which was kind of smallish and the cheese was not melted through. He really liked the green sauce, though, and the grilled broccoli he chose as a side. The refried beans were pretty flavorless. I had a ribeye sandwich. It was fine, cooked a tad more medium than I would like, but was flavorful and sparsely topped with grilled onions and mushrooms. My side salad was decent and quite large. 

Will we be back? Maybe if we're in the area and starving again, but it's certainly not destination dining.
This restaurant was formerly the Dirty Drummer on Shea, at the 51.  The management redesigned the interior, spiffed up the menu and the result is a great bar/diner THAT HAS THE BEST HANGOVER BREAKFAST IN TOWN!!!   All homestyle farm cookin' with a mexican twist--Nana's Hash is awesome. Huevos Rancheros kills it.   The bloody mary's are GREAT.  You'll drink at least 2.   The atmosphere is perfectly subdued, nothing fancy, easy on the brain.  Don't come here for a fine dining experience, but DO come here for awesome food that fills you up.  This town needs more great breakfast options.  PS-LUNCHERS, ONE OF THE BEST QUESADILLAS IN TOWN.
I'm removing a star, sadly, because I've been to the North 51 twice now, WITH A HANGOVER, and they have been closed.  There is nothing worse than knowing relief is moments away-(in the form of a bloody mary, nanas hash, and dark airconditioned bar) only to be shut out in the 100 degree heat with a headache and nowhere close to go!

I don't know what's going on.
We were glad to see that Rick has the place up and running again.  Pretty much the same with a better menu.  Been there a few times now and while the service has been spotty, some of the wait staff have been great.  We will continue to hangout at this great little neighborhood bar!
best chicken wings and cold beer!!!! great service!!! lovely servers
Best dive bar with awesome grilled chicken wings, and one of the best chicken quesadillas in town. You can go there on any night of the week and find live music, and a great crowd.
My family and I went here to eat this last week.  I was pleasantly surprised!  Our server (who has worked there for a long time), was efficient.  My side salad was delicious!  The pizza was nice and crispy, even though the sauce was a little too acidic for my liking.  My philly cheese steak was also tasty!
Impressed...will go ahead
Great food for such a weird place.  The vibe just doesn't work for me to want to hang out here for drinks.
DO NOT ENTER!!!! This place is dirty and stiffs the musicians that play there. If you want to visit a dive bar the best one in the valley is The Dirty Goat Saloon on S. Country Club just before US 60. Rated by Phoenix New Times as "The Best Day Drinking Dive Bar" and "Best Open Mike". They know how to treat musicians; they have a great stage, sound, and lights, and the help is AWESOME!
Best wings I've had in the Valley - hands down!  

Good food, great service & a friendly environment - an overall nice place to enjoy dinner & drinks with friends.
Ahhhh....Hot wings.....

We called one night to ask about the wings - we'd heard a rumor they were grilled after being tossed in the sauce. The bartender answered the phone and answered all of our questions so kindly and patiently.  We placed an order over the phone and proceeded to the restaurant to wait for our takeout.  The bartender was friendly in person as well.  The service was great, the wings were even better.  They deep fry them, toss them in sauce, and throw them on the grill.  This process cooks the sauce into the wings for more flavor (I think), and less mess on your fingers.  The ONLY way to eat wings!

The place could use a little sprucing up though.  I heard it was the old Dirty Drummer and there is a sign propped up on the back wall to confirm the rumor.  We didn't try anything else there, but that doesnt' mean we won't be back.  It's def a neighborhood bar with regulars who are very protective of the bar and it's employees.  (kind of nice to see)  Unfortunately, we don't live in the hood.  But it is closer than JT's for wings and their wings are quite tasty!!
total dive bar.... paper plates, over-cooked food, yucky.....
This place has great prices on beer and food.  Friendly service!!!
Stopped after driving many times with a couple of Biker Friends and the food rocked. I had to take a bite of everyone sandwich!
A wanton desire for wings drove us to drop in to one of our old haunts. Don't bother going anywhere else for wings! Rick is still turning out some great food.  Met him at the door and he let us peek at his latest masterpiece. He was smoking some brisket or pork in this huge smoker out back.  You could smell the scent of pecan smoke in the parking lot ( reminded me of being outside the Rokerji). Rick was preparing for a concert event they were working. Man I wish we could have gone to hat concert just to eat whatever he was putting together!

As always, this place is a no frills, good service, good food, great wings kinda place.
This seems like a pretty sweet place to come for the game and get some bar food. Portions are large, just like what you want from a bar. The bar food is better than the average, the wings are probably the best item on their menu, that we tried this day.

I would definitely come back for a game, or just to kick back with friends.

Um what's pretty cool is the smoker they have going in the front of the place. Don't park next to it or else your car will smell like food...i mean of course unless that is what you want.

I'd love to be back to try other items on their menu...

The sandwich was just an eh... btw
I stopped here only because of the reviews on Yelp.  I was not disappointment.  Amanda was the only server working, but it was 1:00 on a Tuesday and I was the only there.  She was very pleasant and greeted me as soon as I walked in the door.

The Honey Hot wings were recommended and thus was ordered.  They were grilled after they were deep fried and had plenty of sauce on them.   When the wings were served so was I present a "cadaver bucket" inwhich to place the rements of the eaten morsels.  I appreciated the humor in this is and did LOL.  The wings tasted very good.  I also got the deep fried pickles.  I was not as impressed with them as I was the wings.  I felt the batter on some was not fried all the way through and was soggy.  There was also a lack of taste in the pickles.

Overall I was very pleased with both them meal and service and will be visiting again soon and as often as I can.
Used to be good, now as bad as it gets.

This location used to have great wings that were meaty and flavorful. Under the new ownership it is apparent that every penny of food cost comes before quality. They switched to wings that are about 1/4 the size of the old wings. Nachos also changed - now they use cheese sauce (on stale chips) instead of melted cheese. Ground beef? Not exactly. They chop up precooked burger patties and spread those chunks on the nachos. 

I was a loyal customer for six years. I'm done with this place now. It's going to be hard for them to try and eke out further profits when they don't get the dollars in the first place.
I took my wife here for dinner so she could experiance what I had.  There food was great but it seemed as if they were a little short staffed as we waited several minutes before anyone came an took our order.

After we place our order the appatizers came out in a timely manner and tasted great, they also made a special burger for my wife, but the time it took to get served was way longer that it should have been. 

We hope things get better or all the remodeling they are doing will only benifit they next tenant
I found this place here in Yelp searching for 'huevos rancheros'... : (

We got there around 10:45am, the place was open but empty... we came in and asked if it was open and a girl (looking at her phone almost all the time and with earphones on) said she was going to be our server. She seemed to be texting or something, I almost felt guilty to 'interrupt her'.

We ordered water and a diet Coke and when she brought them we asked about breakfast menu. She said they didn't have any, just the regular menu. When I told her I had seen reviews about breakfast she said they could cook eggs and bacon. We were not ready to order an she decided to give us some time... and then she forgot about us. We decided to order pizza and wings, but honestly she never came back.

Then we found out the diet Coke tasted really funny and, oh well, decided to leave. We went to the bar and 3 people were chatting in the back (among them our server) and we had a hard time getting their attention. I told her we would probably be back for lunch some other time and that we were leaving, and wanted to pay for the drink.

In other circumstances we would have complained about the weird taste, but didn't want her to think we were just trying to get out of paying... however, we barely took a sip and I think any good business place would have waived the cost of the soda in hopes to keep a customer, given the odd circumstances and not so good service.

Anyway, so we paid and went in our merry way to 5 and Diner.

PS, we found out on our way out they seem to serve Pepsi products. I am not picky about my soft drinks, but the hubby is... The best servers always ask: Is Diet Pepsi OK? and then is when he asks... 'do you have iced tea?'
Sadly it seems as if this brand has meet is dimise.  It was good while it lasted and even though we only eat there twice it was good and I'm sorry to see it go
From the outside this branch of KFC looks like a kiosk, but as soon as you walk in you see the sign 100 extra seats down stairs what real use is that if they close it off after 6pm. Majority of the staff here look scruffy gone the days and the tv adverts showing a guy or girl with clean ironed shirt & hat. They do have free wifi but never seems to work. The price of the boxed meals have gone up £1 since l last ate at one of these places.
By far, best wings we've had.  Used to be a fan of one of competitors, no longer.  Once this place opened, we got hooked.  Great variety of sauces, my fav is Crazy, friend's is Cajun.  I like my wings crispy and that's how they're done.

Each night of during the week, they have specials.  The one I remember best is on Tuesday cuz it's 49 cent wing night.  Yeah!

The quesadillas are good too.  If I remember right they come in two sizes and three or four varieties.    

Have tried a couple of sides, cajun curly fries with side of melted cheese for dipping and their onion rings.  They have something call Sloppy Fries, loaded with all kinds of stuff, which looks and sounds like a meal in itself.  Haven't tried yet, but whenever we see them come out, boy they look and smell good.

Owners are really nice too.  They're always walking around and checking in on patrons to make sure everything is ok.  Very friendly folks.  

There are several TVs mounted so you can catch the games, throw back a few brews and munch away.

Hope you enjoy!
First time ordering from here and the wings were awesome! However, my husband wanted them extra wet, but we won't be doing that next time. I think more of the flavoring will be greatly appreciated if it is not extra wet because the sauce was liquid texture and more oily. But overall, it was good and I would definitely go back again. 
The lady that took my order was friendly and greeted me by my name when I walked in the door (it was a slow day).
We went a while back...just now posting.

Had a couple of sandwiches and beers. They were ok, nothing impressive. It's not a big place, and the atmosphere wasn't anything that impressed either of us.

However, we will be going back. It's not too far from the house, and we found out that they show UFC events...without a cover charge. I was also told to stick to the wings by someone else that lives in the area...will follow up with a return visit.
This is a great local bar / restaurant!  The wings are amazing (larger than any competition, crispy, with better sauce), and I also am a big fan of their Gyros.  The owners are awesome, always checking in to see how things are, and the bartenders are great.

It doesn't take long for the bartenders to know you and know what you like, and without making it a 'habit', you still feel like a regular.  Talk to Bob or Robin or any of the bartenders and they're more than happy to chat while pouring your favorite drink.

It's a place that feels comfy, and I always leave happy.  Of course I'll go back!
We heard that this bar shows UFC events without a cover charge...they just request that you spend $15 per person. Not a problem for me. With a deal like this, we went back.

Anyhoo, this time, we stuck to wings, appetizers, and beer. I have to say that I'm now a fan of their wings. We got BBQ, Garlic Parmesean, and the classic Buffalo flavors. The wings are definitely the biggest I've seen, and the flavors are awesome!

They have also made a few upgrades to the decor inside...a lot more attractive. We will be back!
Been here about 2-3 times and finally thought it was time to write a review. 

I am a really big fan of the wings at the place because they come drenched in a sauce of your choosing. Some people are not a fan because of this, but I think the wings pack a lot of flavor and not bland like most other places. On Tuesdays, they offer a special for $.49 a wing and you can definitely get full of $5-8 worth of wings. I also really really like the Gyro Quesadilla. 

Other than that, the food is pretty average. Standard burgers, salads and "bar" type food. Be aware that their dishes are served with their own homemade chips and not french fries. They're really good, but I would prefer to have fries.
First time there, and thought it was an average experience.  I met a group of girlfriends for a our girls nite out and had a good time.  I gotta admit, the wings were good, but the service wasn't.  My friend had a chicken salad and had maybe 3 little slices of chicken on a bed of chopped iceburg lettuce mix.  What intrigued me was that a people started to pour in for the poker tables.  Not sure what the cover charge was for that but would would like to learn for the fun of it.

Overall rating is A-OK, casual restaurant.
We made a stop here after seeing "Shutter Island".  Great movie, not a great experience here.  When we walked in and sat at a table in the bar we were promptly greeted by the bartender and placed our order.  She returned quickly with our pitcher of beer ($8.00).  The music was playing and the atmosphere was nice.  Not to loud to talk and sports on the big screen.  I figured this might be a nice place to hang out.  

Well, it went down hill from there.  My lovely wife decided that we should split a sampler platter so we did.  Our food came out within about 10 minutes.  The "platter" was a small basket containing the following: 3 onion rings, 3 mozzarella sticks, 3 potato skins and 3 stuffed peppers.  The quality was on the order of the freezer section at frys......    The price on this was $11.99!   Now, I could be a little more understanding if it was $5.99.....

So....   We ate and worked on drinking our pitcher as it started to rain.  I then made a visit to the bathroom which was filthy and without paper towels.   I returned to my seat in the bar and watched the platinum blond, that appears to be known by most of the customers, as she tried to find someone that might be willing to take her home for the night.  

I guess my opinion would be that this place is not worth a return visit.  

I am certain that we can find a better place to spend our money in the future!
I feel obligated to write this review because this was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have ever had.

My sister, mom, grandmother and I went out to have an afternoon drink on our day off.  It all started off fine.  The margarita's came and my sister and I had to send ours back because they were made incorrectly (with salt, on the rocks instead of frozen).  They were tasty so we decided to have one more.  After having to GET UP to find the waitress (we were the ONLY patrons in the dining area) she brought our second round, only one mistake this time, and my salad.  

I had to find the waitress AGAIN to ask for our check.  When I checked it out I found that they had added .50 for the dressing.  I know this sounds dumb, but who the hell charges for dressing for a SALAD???  Come on guys, if your that broke just shut your doors.

When I went to hand her the check (Yes, I had to find her again) I complained about the charge.  Amazingly enough she brought the bill back out, but without the credit card that I had put in it.  I asked her where it was and she didn't know.  We looked around for a couple of minutes and still couldn't find it.  After my sister said aloud that she was going to call the company and report it lost did the cook walk PAST our table to miraculously find the card on the floor.  We all thought it was pretty amazing that it ended up in the booth beyond ours since I had taken up front myself.  

Horrible experience, not worth the time or money.  I expect this place to close fairly soon.  Hopefully someplace worthwhile will open in it's location since it is close to my house and hence convenient.
This was not the location I visited yet I can't seem to find the NEW and "IMPROVED" Buffalo Wings and Rings on Yelp.  The location I stupidly decided to go to last night was the one attached to the Fiesta Mall in Mesa.  It's new.  And it's fucking gross. 

On our way home from work I told the boyfriend we should check out somewhere new for happy hour simply because I needed a new Yelp review to write.  He was reluctant to try this shit hole, pressuring me to simply enjoy a few beers at Casey Moore's instead of wanting something "new."

"But I need to yelp."

Walking into Buffalo Wings and Rings is sad and disappointing and you already know it's going to suck.  There was no one in the place and the decor consists of sports jersey's thumb tacked to a wall and three or four dated flat screen TV's showing a bunch of bullshit no one is watching.  'Cause no one is there. 

We're greeted by a faux punk rock chick with a horrible fire engine red dye job which was unflattering for that A-Line haircut she paid too much for at Tony and Guy.  She was obviously new to the whole "serving" thing which is probably why she was working on a Wednesday night when everyone was watching the premier of American Idol.  We asked if we could sit outside as the inside was dreary and unwelcoming, like my Grandpa's house on Christmas. 

Buffalo Wings and Rings has the ugliest and most uncomfortable plastic, grade school-esque chairs I've ever seen.  The tables are also ugly, plastic, wobbly and adorned with tree droppings and uncleaned ashtrays.  

The boyfriend gives me an "I told you so" look as we move around trying to find a clean table and one in which we're not getting hit with hot air by some weird, loud buzzing fan.  We finally settle at a sticky table with an uncleaned, smelly ashtray. 

I ask Faux Punk Server about their specials; 2.50 domestic pints, nothing good on draft, no food specials, no well specials.  I order a Michelob Ultra as I have little other choice.  We wait too long.  Faux Punk Server comes back, "Oh, keg is empty, have to refill, can you wait?"  

We wait longer, we get our beers.  We look at the shitty, over priced Buffalo Wild Wings rip off of a menu.  I hate the whole "pick your flavor, then pick your heat" thing they do at some wing places.  It seems odd and, um, retarded.  I order five sweet and sour with the "atomic" sauce, the boyfriend get original buffalo "extra hot."

I feel it necessary to mention that when we got our wings they all tasted exactly the same.  A thin layer of Frank's Red Hot on gross, old, frozen wings served in plastic bowls.  At one point I spit a piece out because it tasted like ground beef.  

We also had the pleasure of their "signature item," Sloppy Fries.  These were frozen french fries served, again, in a giant plastic bowl covered with canned chili and fake nacho cheese.  It literally looked like a bowl of vomit.  Like, someone ate a bunch of McDonald's hamburgers and fries and then threw it up in a bowl and set it down on the table for us.  We ended up having this wrapped up so I could give it to my dog.  He liked it a lot.  But as the boyfriend later pointed out, "he also licks his asshole a lot."  

Ironically, Faux Punk Server said as she sat them down, "these look SO good."

As it turned out, nothing here was good or redeeming.  Even the server, though she tried her best, fumbled over her words, nervously took our plates and couldn't make eye contact.  The entire place reeked of low-ball, less than nothing American shit food and the emptiness of the dining area soon become the emptiness of my FUCKING SOUL as I dished out thirty bucks to spit shit out and bitch for an hour. 

As we left the place I told the boyfriend he was right, we should have just gone to Casey Moore's and not given into my now costly desire to try something new for a stupid Yelp review.  I love you, Yelp, but this time your existence has failed me.
The wings are awesome!!  I understand the wait at this place on Tuesday nights...especially since this is the only Native New Yorker around for miles.  Going back soon I hope!!
Where to begin....
I had some pizza bites or something like that. They're like Totinos Pizza Bites, but when you bite these, bright orange grease spews out the back side and burns your hand. Avoid them!
I found the restaurant side uncomfortable; there aren't any booths where you can see the TVs from. With the noise level and the inexperienced waitresses, a TV view is necessary.

Places like this would never make it outside of Phoenix, but there are so few options in Laveen, this is one of the only sports bars in that area worth going to.

One saving grace; the beer selection at the bar is fair. The draft prices are okay. The wings aren't as flavorful as I had hoped - or as hot as they scare you into believing - but they are cooked good and have good texture. There are a lot of TVs but it seems like they're hard to see wherever you sit. The crowd is good, and they have trivia game machines and weekly poker tourneys. All in all, it's decent.
This place is totally hit and miss.  There are times when you don't even want to come back to this place because the service was so bad. However, the "majority" of the time they have pretty good food. You can never go wrong with their chicken wings, steak sandwich or bow-tie chicken Alfredo.
I've lived in laveen since 2001, before 51st ave became a large street, and when you had to drive to get groceries anywhere.

I've had great service in the bar at native, but sitting in the other area is just plain dumb if you're over 21. Tonight we had crap service, the only reason they recieved 3 stars is because of previous experiance. 

I reall don't understand how you can leave a table sitting for 15 minutes with empty glasses, while you disappeared into the kitchen. never once coming by our table to ask how our food is, this service is one of the worst i've ever had.

with that said i love honey hot wings, i'd probably bath in the sauce if it was possable.
It's a sports bar that is known for its wings.  I really like this place for that purpose alone, but I question the insane growth of its menu since I was a regular at the original Tempe location as a kid.

On one trip, we ordered a couple of the "lighter" appetizer plates and got a good laugh.  The veggies were as expected, but the cheese plate was simply a bunch of soup crackers (still wrapped, mind you) with some kind of processed cheese spread and a few chunk of cheddar, etc.  Not good.  Same goes for the other times I've tried experimenting with the menu.

Pizza: terrible deal.  We decided to order takeout recently and ended up with a 14" pizza that cost $20 and was smothered in cheese.  Ummm, nothing like a NY-style pie.  Nothing at all.

My friend Steve from upstate New York says that the wings are nothing like the real deal either, but I wouldn't know.  I'm just fine with the traditional sauce and the BBQ hot at Native New Yorker.  But like anywhere in AZ, don't forget to ask if you prefer blue cheese dressing instead of ranch.

My advice: go here when you want a beer and wings, or other bar food.  Don't expect anything spectacular and it should be just fine.  And btw, the only decent beers on tap are Guinness and Blue Moon.  So don't expect a big micro-brew selection either.
The Wings are pretty good. At least on Tuesdays on Wing Night. Lots of fried food. Everytime I go there I think that I will enjoy the food, but when I taste the food I remember that most of it tastes really boring. 

Stick with the wings...
Like some of the other reviewers my husband and I have had nothing but trouble with the staff at this location. They disappear for 10-15 minute periods and rarely refill your drinks unless you flag them down and ask. Some of them also have a knack for ignoring you once they've given you the check...

The food here is usually good. We get their Native Style Strippers with BBQ sauce and the cheesy garlic bread, both are yummy. 

Beware if you get take-out from here, they have a tendency to screw up your order. One time we got honey BBQ instead of normal. Oftentimes they forget to give you things like ranch/sour cream or give you prepackaged when you asked for house dressing. You really have to check your order before you leave. 

Even though the food is good, if there were more in the way of restaurants out here (hopefully there will be soon) we would probably go here maybe a once a month instead of once a week.
Stopped in here today for lunch, to try their Wednesday Special of a 1/2 lb. Burger & Fries for $4.99.  They give you your choice of curly or steak fries, & I went with the curlies.

I'm not a fan of TVs playing in a restaurant, & they had 10 of them that I could see right from my booth!  Fortunately, they were all turned down.  Unfortunately, music was playing out fairly loud over the P.A. System, & I had brought something to read if I could just hear myself think.

In a little while they turned the music down some, but then they were switching it back & forth between the likes of George Thorogood & Justin Bieber!  Either of the channels would have been fine with me, but at another time & place.

Gripes about the atmosphere aside, my server was friendly & attentive, the food was good, & the Special was an excellent value.     :-)
I'm very patient when it comes to restaurants and bad service. I have a 3 strike rule, so even if I have a bad experience once, even twice I will often try to understand and consider why the food or service was bad. But I've tried eating at this location 3 times now and each time the service was poor and twice the food was prepared wrong (and no I don't order my food any different than most). I like other NNY locations just not this one.
had the house specialty pizza and definitely not the best i've ever had, but pretty good (albeit i was starving).  the wings were very tasty however,  still unsure if i'll order from there again. i feel there is much tastier pizza for much cheaper price at dominoes up the street.
Ate here on a Saturday night and the service was extremely slow and poor. We sat down at 5:45PM and ordered our drinks for 6 guests. Took about 35 minutes to get our drinks then we ordered our food immediately afterwards. We inquired about our food and they said they would check on it and we continued to wait. Took 47 minutes for our table to get our entrees which came out slightly warm as if they let it sit there for the entire duration.

Guest 1 - Veggie Wrap was cold
Guest 2 - Alfredo cream with pasta and Chicken, came cold
Myself - Ordered a medium rare Top Sirloin steak, came out dry and over cooked
Guest 3 - Wings was alright but cold
Guest 4 - Pizza was alright
Guest 5 - Quesadilla, was cold

Overall experience was we were so dissatisfied with the service and food we discussed walking out. And warning the patrons walking into the restaurants to be aware this place has mediocre service and food at best.

I would not return to this place nor would recommend this eatery to anyone else. Before we left we were asked if everything was okay? We complained that the food was cold and the service was unsatisfactorily slow and the waiter said alright sorry and walked away. What kind of service is that? Offer a solution to remedy and issue like complimentary dessert or a small discount on the bill to make your customers happy. You are in the food industry and happy returning customers keep you in business.

DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!
Dined last night for an early dinner around 4pm. I was not greeted right away matter of fact 3 employees past me prior to what appeared to be a manager tell me she would be right with me. The restaurant was slightly busy with large parties and tons of take-out orders. The server who walked us to our table ended up being our server during our dining experience. She started off very friendly but then ended up being very rude. Her exact words were that we were making her life difficult. This was because we told her what we wanted for desert when we placed our order. This was only to be proactive. Well we requested our baked cookie to have the ice cream and toppings on two separate plates. This meaning one plate with the baked cookie and the other plate with the ice cream toppings. I am still trying to figure out what is so difficult about that. Especially when she is not the one who is preparing it. The good news was the food was great and came out in a timely manner. Our table split a Pizza and Wings. It did take a while for us to get our desert however this may be because our server got another table? Which they were not happy with her either since she did not come across friendly to them. This was my first dining experience there. I have always ordered take out. I would have had a good experience if the server was friendly. I could tell she did not like her job because prior to setting me she complained about the children that were dining before us and the mess they made. This was service minus the smile.
4 stars because of the wings, take out service is horrid. Dine in service is worse.
Been here a dozen times, but our friends that lived across the street from it just moved so probably won't go back as frequently.  

The wings are great, the food is generally good.  I have never had a bad food experience here.  

The service depends.  In the dining room, which I rarely use, the service has been pretty good.  In the bar, which is usually where I am sitting, the service is almost always slow.  But as I have said in other reviews, the beer is cold and I have always had a good time here, so that counts for something.   Also, when I say slow service, at least they routinely check on you at that place.  It's not like at Gallaghers on Baseline where they just never even bother to talk to you or stop back by your table after the first interaction.

Cold, affordable beer + a good time + decent food + slow service = 4 stars in my book.
This is one of my local food stops.  Good food, not too expensive, but sit-down quality.  Good place to watch a few games.  I like the wings (have had better though), but the best thing there is the Native Nachos!!! My roommate and I go there just for those.  

The only negative is just like Scott M. said... The service is spotty... however, opposite to Scott, I refuse to sit in the dining room because of the terrible service on that side.  In the bar, I have had no problems.  When I go to a restaurant, I do not want to feel like a burden to the staff, which is exactly how I felt sitting on the dining room side.  If I could star each side, I would give that side a 1... The three is for the bar.  Nothing special, but not bad either.
Okay..There was three of us, and waited 30 mins to be seated.  We didn't complain..  It took 15 mins to get our menu.. Waitress just disappeared on us.  So, I had to ask other waitress to get her attention.  15 mins to get our drinks.. At this point, we were gonna leave, but it was getting late and didn't want to go else where.  So, we patiently waited and tried to be understanding, even though place wasn't that busy.

After placing the order, we waited 25 mins or so for our food.. I mean we ordered wings, and it shouldn't take that long..  

Well, they screwed up one of the order by giving us something totally different..  And wings were over cooked.. It was too dry!  

I asked the waitress, "Is there a reason why it took so long to get drinks and food?"  Her answer was, "We are busy?"  Really????? REALLY?? Place is not even half full.. I see staff standing around talking.. You consider that busy??

So I was about to call the manager to complain, then one of my friend said.. "Don't even bother.. We are not coming back here again.. So just let it be"..  

Terrible service, with terrible wings!
Tried it like four or five times. Their customer service is horrible. The food takes forever to come out. You wait forever for the bill. I love native new yorker just not this one
The wings are good, the beer is cold, and it's not Applebees. That alone makes it a four star place in my opinion. 

It's Laveen. Our choices for a "sit down" meal are very limited, and personally, I hate Applebees.
Good food, good service and lots of TV's - Had a good time!
Awesome spot in AZ. A must visit when I arrive to visit friends because no one makes Strawberry Heat wings anywhere in CA. Any of the wings you order on the menu are certainly a win in my book but my love for the Strawberry Heat is like nothing else comparable to what is offered in CA. Not Wing Stop, not Wing Nuts, not nothin'!!!! Oh also had the calzone here and it is mighty good. Fresh out of the over crispness, the pocket stuffing is cheesy gooeyness in contrast to the fresh meats, & the sauce accompanied with it is great for dipping. Native New Yorker also has a separate bar for an adult setting & later at night they provide karaoke for fun drunk times. Family side also available with tons of TV's all around & sports throughout the day/night. You can't go wrong dining @Native New Yorker.
Well after the first five good trips to this place I must say the service has officially came to the status of shitty! The last two time we walk into the bar area and seat our selves as usual we wait two more party's come in and promptly are waited on fifteen minutes later waiter says I can help right now I'm busy! Someone come and acts mad and gets us drinks we order right when he gets back and says I don't know why the other guy didn't help you! The bill came with the food no refills no are you ok! We try and wave someone down to pay and no one responded. So I get up and chase down a passing bartender and ask if I can pay with a big sign and a few huffs and puffs she take it we pay and leave! Today we walk in sit and wait five minutes a couple walks in sits gets menus and there drinks! This time we leave and don't think we will be back anymore! There loss seeing as I am a good tipper and a nice person.
I havent been here for a year and half, they use to have great buffalo wings, and now ehhhh.  We use to frequent this place every week until they changed there buffalo wings recipe and they are now breaded, not naked.  Met friends down there last night for drinks, but you would hardly know its a Sports bar, because the Music was so loud last night I couldnt hear the person next to me when they were talking! Dont think we will be going back again anytime soon, unless they change things, so back to Applebees we go.
Ok, so we know Laveen doesnt have squat for dine in food.  NNY /Laveen just lost our business tonight. My wife ordered food to go, 50$ worth, and was told to pick it up in 30 min.  I get a message from my wife after she had been there waiting another 30 minutes, only to find out our food was luke warm , and had been sitting on a shelf for over 15 minutes.   No staff checked.  They just said "its not ready".  During this, someone came off the street, ordered to-go right while my wife was waiting, and HAD THEIR FOOD BEFORE SHE DID.  We are done with this place.  Pizza is so-so anyhow, depends on if you have a good cook  that night.  This is the only local place with decent wings though.  The store manager just brought the food and said "sorry its late" and offered nothing.  Other NNY around the valley I have had decent service and food, too bad Laveen sucks.  These are franchised, not sure if the owner really cares and if the manager is even a manager, or just the bartender covering... sad sad
Service sucks! Jerks abound...
If I had to rate the food alone, this place would get 3 stars.  Luckily, I am including service.  I have read most of the reviews and it seems they have a service issue.  Well, we actually experienced great customer service.  My friend and I sat in the bar area.  We were served by a very charming server named Lloyd.  What a nice guy.  So if you want good service, ask for him!

Now, for the food.  We started off with the asiago wings.  Delicious!  I would order those every time.  Then we ordered a pizza called Meaty Beast.  I am going to assume that the pizza is frozen or the toppings are.  When we got the pizza, my friend and I were trying to identify what one of the toppings was.   It look like freezer burned sausage, maybe?  We tried a piece and it had no flavor, so we took as much of the sausage like material off.  I can't say I would ever order that again.   We also had drinks, which were just fine.
I have given this place several tries, and I shall not being going back any more.  The service inside is soooooooo slow.  Last time we ordered wings from them there were still feathers on several of the pieces (I'm still shocked by that, how does that happen??).  In spite of the fact that they know the service is bad, there is never an apology or discount given, just excuses.  No thanks!! I've taken my business elsewhere.
The veggie calzone was well prepared and tasty. My colleagues' salad looked good. Service was courteous and prompt. Would come back again! The New York Style cookie w/ ice cream is great!
Our visit was during happy hour on a Tuesday where we were surprised to find specials on both beer and and wings. I had the $4 Blue Moon and my husband the $3.75 Coors Light. We also shared some wings. The food was great, the beer was cold and the service was both friendly and attentive. We noticed that there are also $3 bud lights on Sunday! We will definitely be back.
Food was excellent, service was good will come back. The only negative item was for some reason all the TVs has to be on the football game and playing loud hard to have a conversation.
Been to this location several times. Food is always real good but the service is horrible here.
Yes at times the level of service may fluctuate depending on how busy they are but it hasn't stopped me from coming back again, and again nor has it stopped my kids from requesting it on family night!  You cant beat the prices and the wings and drinks are always fresh and pleasing.  You can come hang at the bar and even do a lil karaoke. Or you can bring the fam and watch a game on any one of the hundred tv's on the walls.  My favorite drink is the "Liquid Marijuana"  and my fav wing flavors are spicy honey mustard, asiago parm and bar b que HOT! Matter fact Im about to go eat there right now! I love this place. Maybe the problem is YOU, ever think about that? LOL #some people are just hard to please
Service was just fine! But the problem was the my girlfriend left her phone on the table when we left. We went back to get it and not one employee would help us find it. Everyone we talked to said they didn't see it. We were gone at the most 15 min.
The food was great! I had the Philly Cheesesteak with the broccoli and cheese soup. Everything was delicious! Our server Mathew was awesome! I would definately come here again.
I have been here 3 times recently....and twice ordered the boneless wings. They are terrible. Not cooked recently, obviously sitting under a heat lamp because they are lukewarm and stale. I could only stomach one piece the second time i ordered them (hoping I would have a better expierience the second time around) because the sauce was soooo sugary and the breadding was so stale. Yuck. 

I have also had the California Cluck which is a tiny piece of chicken on a huge bun.  If you like bread... Order this. 

The only reason I will go here is because they have beer. And there is nowhere else to go in Laveen. But they don't have Kiltlifter on draft so this is a huge minus for me.
Great service and the food was really good. I've been here a few times and I've only had a bad experience once.
3.5 Stars

The staff at this Native New Yorker goes out of their way to attend to your every request.  I've been to a few locations and this one hands down has the friendliest staff, sit-down restaurants in this area are very few so service is an excellent way to keep customers coming back.  

This chain is best known for their wings which are pretty good.  You can choose from bone-in, boneless and strippers.  My favorite side here is the tater-tots with the wings.  You will find all the traditional sports bar grub.  I can't speak on their pizzas but am amazed that they do not offer a Gluten-Free crust yet.  

As you walk in to the right you will go to the dining area which has a fair number of tables and booths that are not piled on-top of each other.  They have enough TVs with different feeds to cover multiple sporting events.  From the front door to the left side you will walk past the bathroom into the bar.  This area is not as big but is your best bet to immediately sit down during the lunch rush.  

Though the food isn't the best the customer service is great which is why I return here for business lunches.
A horrible representation of the native New Yorker franchise, this location is filthy dirty. We sat in the lounge for a beer and some wings and I immediately noticed the sticky/dirty table, I then noticed the shades were covered with sauce and slime of every type, the staff was engaged with conversations with "regulars" and failed to pay any type of decent attention to other guests. My cousin ordered wings which were ok but the service was impersonal and un attentive, this is the worst looking and ran native New Yorker I have been to. The decor is horrible and rivals places on reality tv that need a major makeover, I would guess if corporate came here they would shut it down. This is a sad snap shot of a good company.
Wow unbelievable !! Went with my mom & my brother & ordered a salad ,a plain burger & a club sandwich . It was a Thursday at 2:50 was not busy at all only 3 tables were full . & still waited 45minutes for our order . We had to leave because I was so hungry (35weeks pregnant ) & told them we can't wait any longer & still made us pay 8 bucks for 3 drinks .. They were rude about the whole situation ...
I love to come for the Micheladas!! Spicy and delicious with whatever beer u prefer!:)
We ate here twice in the past week while we were in Phoenix (same location).  The wings are great (get the crispy version (bone-in) with whatever flavor.  Pizza and salads are also very good.

Enough about the food.  The first night we met some friends and were about a half hour late so they had already ordered so we dismissed the poor service.  We didn't have silverware and when my wife asked, the waiter asked if a plastic fork was ok.  She had a salad and wings.  I looked up and asked U Wot M8?  "Are you serious?"  He just stared at me and said he would go get one but they were dirty.  I said we don't want a dirty fork and he just left. He came back with not one, but three sets of perfectly good silverware wrapped in napkins and they were clean. Needless to say, the waiter was dreadful and I had a hard time tipping him anything but I mustered a small one.

The second night we came back and the place was dead, maybe at 20% capacity but the lounge seemed busy (on the other side).  We even prefaced our meal and told our waitress about the horrible service the night before thinking she would get the hint.  She didn't.  Our food took forever, even if the bar was crowded.  She was not attentive to our drinks and, again, I had a hard time justifying a tip.

Bottom-line:  Go for the food because it IS good but don't expect anything beyond that.  They must train the staff to give horrible service on purpose.  I don't know how else to justify what we experience on two different nights with a small crowd.
Very bad customer service! We were there about 2 hours before closing and there were three other small parties besides our big party and it took 15 mins to get welcomed 20 mins to get our drinks and 1 hours to get two pizzas and 24 wings. I understand we were a party of 9 but I mean when the restraunt is almost empty common you can do way better. Our server was never to be seen when we needed her and it was just not a good experience. I will definately travel the extra 15 minutes to the next nearest location on 99th they are definately a better place!
In the bar to grab a drink and some wings. Place is filthy, tables are greasy and window shades are spattered with sauce gunk. The drink menu holders have a gross film on them , went to wash my hands after shuffling through the filthy drink menu. Bench seats have rips in them ... Not appealing at all.
This place was once a good spot now they serve soggy pizza and cold wings. service is not great i just waited 45 minutes with 4 tables full. Don't go if your hungry.
Great place for wings good selection of beers nice atmosphere bartenders were knowledgeable and fast don't miss this place
So Ive been on a low carb "lifestyle" as of the first of the year so options aren't all that plentiful when visiting my friends out in the 'burbs. Fortunately the wings at BWW are fried and not breaded. So for about 3 carbs for every six (less the sauce) you can have a pretty good and satisfying meal. The garlic parmesan (2 carbs per oz of sauce) wings are pretty good with a side of ranch and some celery, perfect! 

The service was really friendly but for a bar type place the dining room was packed with kids. Not that I cant stand kids just that with all the beer served it just doesn't seem like a family kind of place, talk about a bad example. Do you really want your kids hanging out in a bar?

Im just glad that there are more low carb options out this way.. though leave the kids at home or take them to Olive Garden!
Love it.

My partner and I are HUGE on hot wings and we tend to be particular to the fried wings without the extra breading that aren't drowning in sauce.

So this place is PERFECT.

We have tried five kinds of their 14 sauces.

I liked every single one of them.  They are well cooked, not too much sauce and good chunks of meat.

I loved the Medium, Honey BBQ, Caribbean Jerk, and Mango Habanero.  I can take some heat, but that Mango Habanero was KILLER. But it was SO GOOD. 

I really really really wanted to give this place five stars, but I could not.  There are way too many kids and they should NOT be allowed in the bar area.  I just moved to Surprise and the parenting (and driving) that I have seen in this city is atrocious with their disrespectful children who scream and run around all the tables bumping things and knocking things over. (and this is not just this place, but others too)  Sadly, Buffalo Wild Wings suffers on my rating because they don't minimize their patron's inability to keep control of their children in a public place.

But other than that, it's absolutely awesome.
Food is typical of bar environment- fried wings and burgers. Not bad. Really like the mango habanero wings.
My two star poor rating stems from being refused entry at the door b/c a game was starting in 1/2 hour and my family (myself, husband and two small kids) were there only for dinner- not the game. They told us we'd have to pay an entry fee to get in for the game...
it was 6:30 pm...we just wanted dinner and not to pay an entry fee to a place where we were spending money on food anyway!
I really hate this place. 

As much as I enjoy wings and think that they have a good selection of sauces, the service is always such a turn off at this location. Every time we are there, regardless if they are busy, we get the slowest service ever. Drinks go unfilled, mistakes are made with the orders, and you start to feel forgotten in general. It really should not take an hour and a half to eat at a place that 99% of their menu is fried and served in paper boats. Not to mention the fact that they charge for ranch dressing ($.40). Last time a mistake was made in our order it almost turned into an argument with the waitress who eventually pulled the manager over. We asked for boneless and got bone in- it should of been a simple fix not a confrontation. 

My husband continues to want to go back so I guess I will continue to begrudgingly go back.
Wednesday, 50 cent wing night. Walked in about 9:45, so host. So we cruised over to the bar area. about 3 watress walked by us without saying anything. No "hello"s or "have a seat" or "we'll be with you shortly". Nothing! I felt awekward... Didn't want to just sit somewhere any get ignored (referrence: thread about couple getting arrested)

After wondering around, we ended up at the bar. Took few minutes for bartender to come over too. So by the time he came and took our order, it was happy hour! Yay for slow service!!!  Anyways... beer selection was awesome. Drink deals were not. I thought Happy hour means cheap beer? I guess not here. If there were, they didn't tell us.

I know it's a wing store and we should get wing. But nothing on their menu sounds good other than wings. Why do you even have other food items? Wings it is... So my friend didn't know how big the wings were, it was more like a drum stick, he ordered a dozen. 2 of 6 flavors. They were pretty good. 

The evening went pretty well, just like any other sports bar, but way too bright inside. Bright light + drinking = headache. So almost closing time, a guy next to us offered to buy us drinks. Not just a drink, but Irish car bomb. OMG worst hangover ever. I had to leave my car there and call a cab. When a patron says "no, I don't need more drink" the good bartender shouldn't serve more drink. Even though obnoxious guy offer to buy them. Let's think safety before upselling. 

Wings were good, but I won't go back.
I steadily get good service at Buffalo Wild Wings, and I am the type to complain on yelp about bad service.  My partner and I go almost weekly... we are THAT addicted to their wings and the atmosphere.

It has this great sports bar feel without the cheesy "greasy-beer-drinking-obnoxious man" feel. (I know... confusing... but that's the ONLY way I can think of how to describe it)

We tend to go during the week and Arturo is usually our server.  He ALWAYS remembers what we want, what kind of beer we have... and has the beers on order before he even comes to the table. (yes, we don't change it up much)  He can usually guess what wings we want... and every now and then we change something just to keep him on his toes. :-)

If you like wings... this is a great place.  

If you want fast food, do not go here.

They do get busy, especially during football, so be patient.  The servers are apologetic when they know they have taken a lot of time, but they do try their best to get to you quickly.  If you pay attention, you know when a server is just slacking off, and these guys aren't slacking off... trust me... I have watched.

If you want good atmosphere, good wings, good beer and nice servers and managers, come here.
Standard BW3 fare, great TVs and massive wall of projector screens with HD projectors (this place is newer than most other BW3 locations) but we found out that all drink specials cease to exist during game time. ARE YOU KIDDING? Hello? management? What kind of jerk says to them self "oh, people want to come here to see the game so let's make sure all of our prices on food and drinks are as high as they can be"? I think customers should be rewarded for their patronage, and there should always be drink specials during sporting events to keep people happy. It's friggin retail 101.
Went here for an "employee meeting" today and was pleasantly surprised. The host and waitress were really nice, and we had some good service. Ended up ordering a Bleu & Black burger and it was good - fries were okay, a little soggy from the huge ass pickle with all its pickle juice but I didn't mind all too much... probably because I was so hungry. 

I won't go out of my way to come back to BW3, but I also wouldn't object either. So this place gets an okay from me. If anything, I can always update my review!
It pains me to not give this a higher rating. Back in the Midwest, I used to go to BDubs almost every day after work to meet up with friends. It was the place to be. However, after about a dozen visits to the Surprise location, I just can't get excited about going back (although my wife goes for Happy Hour regularly).

I will say their wings are the best, no matter which location you visit. 

The service can poor at this location and that's really what is keeping me from giving a higher rating. The bar area is a bit crowded and seems to overwhelm the staff at times. 

Be sure to give each of the wing sauces a try. They're all great.
Dunno what it is about the food here The mango-habanero sauce was quite tasty and featuring heat with depth and not just searing heat... until after a few bites. I felt like my entire face was on fire! But that's not the problem - I dont know what they put in there but the wings will bloat you out, big time! I talked to a few people who all agreed they loosened belt buckles and farted the whole way home. So yeah, don't bring dates here! Also... they were showing the fight last night for a $5 cover charge. Our group was in the restaurant three hours before the event, yet our server felt it was necessary to inform us that if we were still in there past the time the fight started, we would be charged cover. Hold on a second: people who were in the establishment to order FOOD ... BEFORE the event starts?? No, bitch. No.
Pretty good restaurant. Very consistent with the other Buffalo Wild Wings locations.
This location is never busy when I am here, yet it is always extremely loud.... which is cool, I totally expect it because it is a sports bar. It still confuses me how the eight people in there can make it sound like a mob of 100 people. 
I will say, though, that I much prefer the location in Avondale. I feel like the servers here aren't as friendly because they are bored out of their minds and that all they want to do is leave. 
The food is consistent with the other locations I have been too, which is a good thing. I really love the chocolate fudge cake (I may have mentioned that in my review about the other location). It is so good. How can you not love chocolate cake frosted with chocolate and then topped off with chocolate chips? Yummy. 
Overall, I will continue to go to this location, but I still prefer the Avondale location.
I love this place!
The staff, in particular the bartenders are awesome! My husband & I go fairly regularly but even if we haven't been in a while they still remember what beer we drink when we sit at the bar. They always suggest different menu items for us to try and their suggestions are always right on. 
The food is always great. Of course I will always think Hooters wings are the best but Buffalo's wings are a close second. I enjoy their huge variety of sauces too. 
The atmosphere is great, especially if you are into sports. I love going during football season and watching a game while drinking an ice cold Blue Moon. 
The place itself is clean and kept up. The restooms are always kept up.
Daughter been wanting to take me here since we have moved in the area. fiinally had a chance last night. I love my wings. So I ordered their honey bbq wings with fries. First! We were seated inside, had to request to be moved outside in the patio. Way to loud, we couldn't even talk to each other. Second! We were outside and it was like recess at the local elementary school. They were all over the place running and bumping into each other. While there parents were inside drinking. Third! Their food was alright, Wings were very tasty but not heated, Fries were like they were the leftovers. Yes I would like to come back and try it again, I'll give everything a second chance. But this place needs a lot of improvements.
VERY LOUD!! Don't come here for a first date, or with a bunch of friends, if you're a chatty group. It's damn near impossible to hear each other, let alone the waitresses. 

Food is good--expensive, but yummy. The wings are on a scale of "hotness", but as a lightweight in the spicy department, I found their hot wings were mild. 

Expect to pay around .45 cents for extra ranch, which comes in a tiny container.
Went for the Machida - Jones fight on 12/10. The line-up card was awesome. If the service was as good as the fight card, we would have dropped a 20 on her. Unfortunately it was not. She came out of the gate like a Thoroughbred, and finished like a Donkey. 

Our server came to the table a total 4 times without asking us if we needed anything. (We shared a table with a couple of others due to the crowding of the place.) If ever there was an opportunity to make money for a server, this is one of those nights. 
However, water glasses remained empty, even though our server was at the table 4 times to the tune that I needed to ask a different server for more water. I was prepared to drink several beers during the fight, but due to the hassle decided that drinking beer at home would be easier. 

The toughest part was watching this server stand at the hostess stand and bullshit with her co-workers during the majority of our time there. Her lack of attention had nothing to do with the place being packed, and working her ass off. She had decided that it was more important to bullshit with her co-workers. 

As the fight was winding down, my gf and I were sitting at the table talking, and I noticed our server staring at us. AWKWARD. I almost wanted to tell her to go away, but instead, removed the tip that I felt almost obligated to leave. And shortly after, we left. 

Let's talk about the check.... $32 for 2 beers, and 24 boneless wings. Yeah. Sticker shock. Shitty service, and overpriced food.

I don't stiff servers often, if ever before... But tonight, I did. I admit it. Call me a douche. I've just made the decision that I refuse to put up with shitty service from people who feel entitled to make money for no effort. If we're talking about entitlement,  I am now entitled to tip a shitty server nothing if I deem it appropriate. 

What a horrendous dining and service experience.
This place closed last week and cannot find out why. anyone know?? seemed like they were always doing well...

UPDATE: The owner was not paying his royalties for the 5 stores he had and they shut him down. I understand they will reopen but under BWW ownership...
We love this place!  We go do the trivia, the food is great and the staff is always friendly!  Highly recommend!!
Anyone know why they shut down?  I'm totally bummed!
We loved this place! I sure hope the guy was right who said they will re-open under new management.
Best wings ever! Love how they treat customers. Always great service expecially from the bartender. Never keeps us waiting and always on top of things. Waitresses are amazing and go out of their way just to put on the game you wanna see. Def highly recommend and if you go on the discounted wing days shoot your really getting a good deal!
What a shame! It was a great place to hang out :(
Food was average but Johnny the bartender worked hard to plz me Half price appetizers was nice b4 7 too. Loud crowd 4 game. Was fun.. place now closed!
My wife and I went in there one time with our 3 1/2 year old in the summer of 2010. We were seated immediately. There was 1 other table with a party of 3. My daughter was fussy because she was a hungry toddler dealing with summer. After 12 minutes a server still had not come to take an order, recognize us, or bring water. As we left, the hostess said "have a great day," and we said to each other WTF? We e-mailed there website, and never got a reply.  It's no surprise they closed. RIP you mismanaged pindejos.
Gave it at least one star because the food was as expected but the service was absolutely atrocious.  Waited 30 minutes for a small cup of ranch.  Waitress came by 3 times to ask if we needed anything.  We would ask for the same things every time and she would not bring it.  Asked for our check and that never came.  Went to the front desk to ask for the check and they had to get our waitress.  She finally brought our check and then she left. I tried to pay at the front desk and they said I had to pay with the waitress. By that time she was already gone and I had to go find her. I finally just left cash on the table and left. Very disappointed.
My family and I visiting Phoenix went there for dinner on July 14th after the Diamondbacks game. As the place had just opened, it was swamped and there was quite a long wait. However, I think it was worth the 30 minute wait. For appies, we  tried the buffalo chips (okay, but not as crispy as advertised), and onion rings (outstanding). The beer selection was excellent and the kids enjoyed the non-alcoholic drinks too. Most everyone had the wings and we all enjoyed those. Basic buffalo was excellent and so were the lemon pepper wings. One person in our group had the boneless wings and said they were very good. Popcorn chicken was great too. Service was very attentive but you could tell it was a new restaurant. We were a party of nine and one order was completely missed but after it was brought they offered to take it off the bill. Of course the room itself with all the screens and sports events going on was awesome, although my youngest daughter faced a wall that was featuring UFC fighting which upset her so we had to move her. So be aware if going with younger children. All in all, it was a good experience.
HORRIBLE!!!! was so excited for the re opening went in for the first time tonight wow waited forever and food came out cold and my husband had a hair in his burger!! From what i saw lots of complaints and lots free food given won't go back!!!
Food was good so I gave one star for that; we had the queso dip, wings, chicken tenders, and my kiddo had the mac and cheese with fruit. BW's always has yummy food, it's pretty standard. However, you can tell this location just opened and they have A LOT of kinks to work out. 

The staff is rude (specifically the hosts and bussers) slow, awkward, and at times incompetent. It was a very frustrating experience from the moment we walked in the door for not only my husband and I but for my toddler as well! In my younger days I worked in all kinds of restaurants for many years and I don't recall ever having so many mistakes occur in the short time it takes a customer to complete their meal. I feel bad for these people, the management has their work cut out for them. We won't be back at this location for a long time unless it's for take out.
So I typically check into a place, and maybe leave a quick tip.  My experience tonight has inspired me to FINALLY write a review.  This is not a good thing.  For me to take the time to write a full review takes some serious impression upon me from the restaurant.  In this case, the impression was so piss poor I couldn't help but come home and sit down directly to cyber-lambast our evening's activity.  This Buffalo Wild Wings has been closed for over a year, and I honestly think they should either A) hire a competent staff with a great manager or B) close their doors again because they clearly have no idea what they are doing as a team.  

To begin, we are a party of 6, well 5 1/2 since the baby doesn't count as fully human yet.  We were told that a booth that seats 6 would open up momentarily and would we mind a brief wait.  No sweat.  I like sitting on my husband's lap, but NOT at dinner in a restaurant.  After sitting for a few we were told to follow the host.  He sat us down at a small booth that literally squished me up against my husband and the baby's car seat.  When I questioned "Is this the booth for 6?  It's awfully small." The host said, "No this seats 4, but you could wait if you want for the large booth."  I thought we had made that choice already, but I suppose ignoring your customer's preference is ok. The host said he could bring a car seat sling since we were squashed.  Having 3 older hungry children I acquiesced to his offer.

Our server appeared promptly, and she was very upbeat.  OK, things were getting better.  She took our drink orders and gave individualized attention to the children which was great.  My husband ordered a beer, we all ordered sodas.  She returned with the sodas and said the beer was on the way.  She took our appetizer order and the meal order.  She asked if we would like the appetizer before the entree and we said yes. The beer still hadn't arrived.  When she checked in a few mins later the beer STILL hadn't found it's way to the table.  She personally grabbed it from the bar.  As my husband took the first sip he noted that the beer was skunked.  (bad flavor, sat out and got warm and then was re-chilled).  he mentioned this to the server and she stated "Oh yea we have some issues with beer at the bar getting bad.  Happens a lot."  Really????

So at this point the entrees come to the table.  Where is the appetizer??  No one knows.  Also the carrot/celery order magically changed into 4 orders of celery.  The server says she will check with the kitchen about the status of the appetizer and grab some carrots as well.  We just started eating our food because we were hungry.

Now the food was good.  I can't complain about the wings at all.  The kids liked their kids meals.  The portions were good.  This was the ONLY saving grace of the evening.

The server comes back with carrots and says the appetizer is coming.  We keep eating and notice there are no extra napkins.  With chicken wings you sorta need napkins...wings are messy.  We are messy. Our fingers and faces are messy.  It's hard to feed a squirmy 9 month old and try not to get the hot sauces on our fingers mixed with the not hot food she's eating.  

The appetizer still is MIA.

At this point all the kids are done eating.  I am full.  I am requesting a box.  My husband is done eating.  He asks for a non-skunked beer.  The beer comes and the appetizer is STILL not there.  The server says "Do you want the kitchen to just box up the appetizer?"  The nice lady I am says outloud "Yea I guess so."  The furious b***h inside me says silently "You can tell the kitchen to shove the appetizer up their A$$"  So we get an appetizer in a box well after the entree to go home with.  We ordered a sampler platter (onion rings, mozzarella sticks, nachos, and some wings) none of which is too tasty after getting cold and spending a night in a fridge.  

We pay our full bill...not even a sorry was offered.  I honestly didn't even feel like paying the $12 for the platter but I was just too disappointed to say anything.  We rarely go out to eat since we are a large family.  Spending $100 for dinner just isn't always in our budget.  I didn't want to mar the evening for the kids by complaining.  They thought everything was terrific, so I let them maintain that belief.  

When I got home I opened the sampler platter just to see what was in there....the three sauces were in the box with no lids and the sauces had managed to spill on everything and mix together.  I now have a bunch of snacks swimming in a melange of ranch, cheese sauce, and marinara....not my idea of a flavor explosion.  

We don't eat out often, and it's experiences like these that keep me from wanting to go dine out.  I know it's a chain and not Chez Robertfancypants, but I expect my appetizers at the table before the meal and most certainly not in a box after the meal has been eaten.  Sorry Wild Wings.....we gave you a shot, but I don't think I want to drop $100 again.  Ever.
Yikes!!!  What a disaster!  My family was in search of a simple Saturday night dinner and were not looking to leave our home city of Surprise.  The last B.W.W. was a flop and didn't last long, but thought maybe this time around would be different.  Nope.  

This place in a nutshell is over priced per frozen food served by a sloppy, fake, incompetent waitstaff.  A small order of boneless wings go for about $10.  As soon as we were seated a guy came to our table proclaiming we looking like we didn't knew what we wanted, and if we wanted to follow him to try their sauces and rubs.  No thank you.  He then asked us to fill out our contact info in order to be entered in to win free wings for a year.  No thank you.  After that, another guy came to our table asking if we wanted to try some chicken artichoke sample.  No thank you.  All this before we even looked past page 1 of the menu!  I could go on about the four various staff members who came to our table asking if we ordered various dishes, or the lady who brought our food to the table who just pointed at the plate (I assume she couldn't speak English), but you get the point.  

The food was ok, but the staff can't get out of their own way.  When told, "Please come see us again soon, my response was like the rest during that visit.  No thank you!
Absolutely horrible...been there 3 times since its been reopened thinking it will be better which I would like nice it's closer than going to the one on McDowell.

  First trip the waitress was clueless I got my food before I got my beer she thought she brought our appetizer which she didn't and I had ask her for ranch 5x's I was done with my wings by the time I got it. I chalked it up to inexperience.

   Second trip was a little better went there on a Thursday night went to the bar area the waitress was busy but was on the ball. The wings were cold and  the sauce was poorly covered over the wings and he beer was flat. Ok I thought just a bad night.

  The 3rd and final time was for my birthday 5 of us went there at 730 and the girl said 20-30 I'm cool with that I'm in no hurry. So along comes 820 and I ask how much longer would it be (I like BWW but not wait an hour for). She was rude about having a big group 5 people large group?  So I go to use the restroom and the dinning area is completely empty and when I come back a group of 6 that came 20 min after us was seated before us. We got seated at 830 waitress was cool but the wings were again cold and not what I'm used to at typical BWW. Ill travel the extra 15 min to McDowell to get my wings. Save your money and go somewhere else this place isn't worth it.
WORST SERVICE I have ever experienced!!!!! After a hour and a half wait from the un organized teenage staff "I watched so many people seated that arrived after us I began to think did they forget us" and they did. After seated, we finally ordered. the order came out. Hot wings with no ranch, no celery sticks, no carrots, and no fries. looked around, waited, waited some more. no one around for ten minutes. Wings got cold. finally a waiter came and I reminder her most of my order didn't come out. They weren't bringing it out, they completely forgot!!! waited another 5 minutes "which felt like a eternity sitting looking at our food getting cold" Who eats wings with no ranch and no celery/carrots etc? I clearly ordered all of this to bye the way all of it, no mistake about it! By then I lost my appetite. Waited another 5 minutes, finally received the rest of my order. They took 7 dollars of my bill, I wasted a friday night eating cold food. not worth the 7 dollars they took off the bill. I felt like I didnt even get to enjoy the night out after a long hard work week. I went home and made myself some warm food. This place is highly un staffed, un orginized and just horrible!!!!!!
Another place I had to try for lunch. No wait time was seated immediately. Waitress was definitely on top of things. It was a bit dark in there we read the menu by the light of the 52 big screen tv's they had. Or was it 54? Well anyway besides that my lunch was good. We started off with fried pickles. I have never had them before so we decided to get them my good friend Angela has had them before not from here but somewhere else and she makes them herself.  So it was time for me to try...I get it they could have been better but the breading was like a cornmeal coating I expected a batter dipped pickle. The dip was disgusting. An orange like concoction of wing sauce and mayo um yuck. Those were sent back. I ordered a honey bbq chicken salad for lunch and I must say that was pretty tasty. They did not drench the chicken in honey bbq. I was pleased with the size. I got full so I was happy. Angela ordered a buffalo chicken wrap I  it looked good too. Wraps come with a side of chips and salsa. Chips are good I like they are light thin and crispy. I would have eaten some of it but I hate to pig out someone else's lunch. Good thing I didn't cause I left full. Ok now yes I would come back again. Oh Monday's are double punch Monday's too. They give you a card and when those get punch full you will get 5 dollars off next meal. That's not bad because they do have specials.
Today we stopped in Buffalo Wild Wings for lunch. We were immediately sat, by a very friendly's server, someone greeted us immediately and took our drink order.  Our server was very schooled on your menu and made suggestions. One thing though that we did not like is during our 40 minute lunch we were interrupted at least 10 times by different personnel at the restaurant asking us how things were going this in our mind this overcompensation.

Shared an order of chicken wings, and we were only brought two little paper containers, we had to ask for more.  I think it would be nice if they had paper plates are some kind of a plate for their bones and such, if  they want to share other things on the plate like fries or Appetizers.
After just 2 visits, I'm done with this location! To- go meals were sloppy and wait time was much longer then what I was quoted. Both times felt like I was being an inconvenience going there. This place is just not well put back together.
I'm shocked at all these bad reviews, because we went the night of the Mayweather-Canelo fight and the food was good, the service was superior and they even had a Pick 'Em contest for the fight which I won first place of a $25 gift card!  (Secretly I gloated over picking who would win and when over all the men there.)  They called me like 3 days after the fight to tell me, so I guess they went thru all the sheets people turned in and then called.  It was a legitimate win anyway cause I know my boxing.
Regardless, we had a waiter named Andy who looked like he had 4 tables assigned to him, and boy! did we have great service from him!  Left him a good tip for great service.  He was SO on the ball with everything we needed.
By the way, they did pass out some samples of a stuffed mushroom for everyone, too.
We ordered beers, of course, some queso and chips which was ok, and then some really good wings, and we are big wing people at my house so we kinda know our wings.  BWW had some good ones.
This place is clean and cute, and the crowd was pretty decent too.  You never know how rough the crowd can be with boxing, but this was a nice looking decent crowd from the area alround here.  No problems at all, no fights, no scary people--just a nice, clean, decent crowd of family-type men and woman.
We've gone to see another PPV fight at BWW in Tempe which is an older looking building but nice, also.  
Maybe they have gotten the place more together since August, 2013, after these previous bad reviews, but I can honestly say we had fantastic service the night of the fight.  Boxing crowds can be rowdy, and they had the event so totally organized--even telling everyone at the door that they might have to sit strangers at your table if they got really crowded.  I have no idea how many others had a stranger at their table, but we had one guy put at our table to sit with us due to lack of seating and he was a peach of a guy.  We didn't care anyway cause we were there for the fight mainly and told them so.
I wouldn't hesitate to go back to the BWW again for the next event.  Baseball is coming up, so I plan to use my $25 gift card at one of those PPV games. 
This is a really clean, nice place so I really hope they have straightened out any kinks they had before...but it looks like they have to me if you go by the PPV event I attended.  We're going back for sure, cause it was a really enjoyable evening.

Update:  Again went there for the Pacquiao vs. Rios fight, and the service again was excellent.  A little bit slow getting things out of the kitchen but tolerable.  
I can say that the wings--which I hate ordering anywhere cause half the time they aren't crispy and half-done--were cooked to perfection.  Even the person with me who graduated from the best culinary school in Chicago commented on how good they were.  
I just don't get all the complaints during the week.  I wish the management would look into this before this place sinks, cause on fight nights the service is really super good.
Went for dinner with my fiancé on a Thursday night. Was seated promptly and our visit started out amazing. After ordering "nachos &20 wings" we waited about 15 mins and got our nachos "not too bad!" 

We finished our nachos and still no sign of our wings, our waitress passed us about four times before finally we asked the manager where are wings were. about four minutes after asking the manager, our wings finally came out and of course my wings were cold and the server didn't even ask if we wanted any sauce she just dropped the plate and walked away. 

She finally came back about halfway through our wings and asked if we wanted sauce and we said" yes two Ranches please" and she said "well it's $.60 for a ranch so I'll charge you for one and give it the other for free" we agreed and she bought out our ranch and we finished and then we waited and waited and waited until she returned and by that time we were just ready to pay the check and leave. 

I understand it was a little busy but on a Thursday night for an early dinner with multiple waitresses standing around the hostess area you would think they would have the time to check on their guests. It just seem like they were all too preoccupied and too busy in there own conversation to actually do their job.
My family and I frequented this same location of BWW prior to the shut down... When this new location opened, I was REALLY looking forward to going. We waiting a few months to let them work out any bugs, as most 'NEW' business have regardless of franchise or not. My husband and I decided to finally come in mid week for lunch to check it out, and get a feel of the new place.  
 I LOVED how much more open it felt, and as we walked in we still had that great "hello" and "welcome" that we were accustomed to. We decided to sit at the bar and we chose a booth right in the middle of the bar, being very visual. The waitress came over and asked if we had be there before, to which we stated "not since it reopened". She asked to start us with a drink. We both go two tall Bud lights. She also at the same time asked if we wanted to order any food, we said we needed a few more mins and we would be ready! So off she went! SO FAR SO GOOD, I was impressed!! 
 After about 5 min a runner brought over our beer, just sat it down and ran, I tried to ge her attention to get our waitress as we were now ready to order lunch.... fast forward 45 min later and MULTIPLE  attempts to get ANYONE to help.. We have been out of drinks (empty glasses at edge of table STACKED! FOR DRAMA) AND NOTHING!!! Bar only had three table full and two people at the actual bar so there was NO REASON we should not have had help! My husband and I actually walked to the front to the hostess and asked for our bill... we should have just walked out!!

We actually were ignorant to try this location again a week ago! SAME EXACT THING HAPPENED!! Except we didn't have to get up and ask for our waitress.. we caught someone flying by and they got our waitress. When the waitress came back over 45 min after we got there, she said are you ready to order? I was being nice and said "I was hungry, now I just want the check because I'm not feeling wings anymore" To which the waitress said to me 'RUDE, BE THAT WAY!!!!!"  ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!!!  You couldn't give away your food and beer for me to put up with that environment!!!!!!! You need to get a new GM!! There is no one driving the staff to have some sense of urgency AT ALL!!!
Food was good expect i think they gave my bf the same thing as me even tho he didnt order that but we didnt say anything

Waitress was nice and helpful
It was fun. Love the tvs, the trivia, the crowd and i think was so good (get the buffalo chicken wrap)

Ill be back very soon:-)
They should have stayed closed. Food was not very good, portion sizes were very small and it was overpriced. Plus, our waiter stunk. Literally, the man needed a shower so badly, I held my breath whenever he came to the table. We won't go back.
One thing that is good is also that they host your the ufc fights, the food is ok, the service is ok.
Hi my name is Roxy and I am a hot wing addict. I get it, I am a petite, blonde haired female. Typically that and hot wings don't go together. My mother would disown me if she knew that her only daughter ate with her hands, goes through more napkins and ranch dressing than any female ever should and joined what is supposed to be a boys only club. But don't fret mother, I still can't drink a beer, all hope isn't lost!

So being the wing addict that I am, I have searched high and low for wings - and I frankly really hate to admit this, but Buffalo Wild Wings has some legit good chicken wings.... besides they have more flavors than a Baskin Robbins.

Besides, they have every game on known to man and a huge selection of beer (which is ahem every mans dream), the place is super kid friendly and they have great cocktails to drown away any pain and torture your wife, girlfriend, secret girlfriend, want her to be your girlfriend is enduring by being forced to watch professional sports.

But for me... Really it's simple - I come for the wings!
Get It Together!!! I've been here about five times and never get good service and the place smells bad (like dirty mop water). Our last meal (for four) was only about $8 because the manager had to take a bunch of stuff off because it was all served cold. I only go back because I really love some of the BWW sauces. I am bummed THIS is the B'dubs that is near my house. 
Corporate needs to fix this place. NOW! Please.
So, as a rule - my family LOVES B-dubs.  But this is definitely the worst we've been to...  we went on a Saturday so we expected it to be busy, but it was mid-afternoon so we weren't expecting a wait.  We waited almost an hour for a table.  It was by far the smallest BWW I've seen, and I'm pretty sure they were understaffed for the college football games.  The server was nice but slow, and the whole place was out of date (they still have the old blue NTN trivia players). Better to drive over to the one at Norterra off I-17...
We had a buffalo wild wings at Fort hood that we really enjoyed and we were very excited for the opening of this one because it's so close to us. So we decided to head over there one night and we got a seat no problem and then we waited and waited and waited and waited. When the server finally came we ordered and waited and waited and waited some more. Then when we thought all hope was lost the FOOD CAME! and it was cold........ We told the server and she got the manager who took it off the bill and gave us a new order. So our new food comes out and it was almost cold. We had one or two bites and called it like a doctor calls a time of death. We won't go back. We can't go back. Don't make us go back! 2 stars cause I like all the TVs!
Normally I go to the Westgate location, but decided to give this location a try given its proximity to my house. In hindsight, I wish I would have spent the extra 10-15 minutes and drove to Westgate. 

Food-wise, the place is the same as the other locations. Wings are great! However, the waitstaff makes or breaks a place. This place's waitstaff fell below expectations. The only thing I was asked upon entering the place was, "Have you been here before?" I did not get any "Hello" or "Hi." Rather, it seemed like I was bothering these girls. Again, the food was good, but the waitress just left me hanging pretty much the entire time. She'd appear here and there, but she really made any efforts to check on the table. It's one thing to see you walk by the table next to mine; it's another thing to have you actually ask me if there is anything I need. 

All in all, I cut my stay and decided to go home and watch the game. For people that know me and how low maintenance and laid back that I am, it's pretty bad when I leave because of bad service. Do yourself a favor, hit the Westgate location or elsewhere. The waitstaff here have too many other things to worry about besides their customers.
I have eatin at this restaurant at least 4 times since it reopened. The food is always good but the last three times the service has digressed to  absolutely terrible. The first time shame on them the second time shame on me.  The manager tried to make the poor service right but too little too late. This will be the last time but I eat at this particular Buffalo Wild Wings.  I must say that generally Buffalo Wild Wings  are great places to go. This just isn't one of them.
I've never been a fan of the food here.  I do like the traditional chicken wings and enjoy the variety of flavors to choose from.

Today was not a good experience.  I ordered the blue cheese sirloin wrap (new item).  The wrap tasted too salty and it was very small for the price- about $12.  I wouldn't recommend that to anyone.  

The reason today for 2 stars was for the wait time.  It took too long to get our food.  I was getting so angry waiting.. I saw people who sat down 15 minutes after us get their orders first.  I was not happy at all.  

Kids meals are a joke here. Portion size for a kids meal should read 2-5 years old.  Beware-  they are small.  The slider kids meal came with an over cooked hard little burger.  Not the best.  They need to step up their burgers.

I was not brave enough to complain but the food here isn't the best.  I would stick to chicken wings and maybe nachos.  Or-  go somewhere else.
Horrible experience. This is the 3rd BWW I have tried and the 3rd one I have left very upset. When the bartender wasn't ignoring us she was arguing how to make our drinks. They turned off the baseball game we had been watching since the beginning at the bottom of the 9th. When we asked if they could put it back on (mind you it was the playoffs last season) they said no the game lasted to long and they had another game scheduled. So we asked for our check to try and catch it at another bar but it took so long for that we missed the end. 

I emailed corporate about the issue and 2 months later I received an emailed staying to bring the email in for a few entrée. NOT EVEN AN APOLOGY! Their food sucks anyways. My loyalty is to the new native down the street. 3rd times a charm and you guys failed all the way from the top.
Let me start off with this, the employees there are great. The food, the prices and the fact that they took out the fire pit on the patio makes this place absolutely passable ever damn time. The draw is to come watch sports. I have satellite for that, and I can actually stomach the food I cook at home or order out. I know what a novel concept. The burgers are ground up trash that taste like they came straight from a garbage disposal. There wings are whatever, nothing special there. The menu is a big sign of worrying more about quantity over quality. Word to the wise, don't sacrifice quality. This place is nothing special and seems to be content with that.
I have never had great experience with it's take out. But dinning in has always been amazing! Best wings ever. I love the gyro and garden crasher they have!
Over the past few times I've been here the experience has taken a 180 the staff is great and the wings are finally what I expect. I'm happy I can enjoy some wings close to home again
It's not a bad place to get some good wings and some beers. Especially when you compare them to other wing places in the area. BWW has some of the best flavors to choose from including sauces that are actually hot not ones that claim to be hot. If you name a sauce suicide or diablo it better be eye watering, mouth burning, poop on fire the next day hot! Blazin and mango habanero do that for me. The service is pretty good and usually fast. Plenty of tv's to watch your sports games, air conditioned, and a decent amount of beers on tap. The wings here are the biggest I have seen around... Can't complain.
First off, the environment is fine if you like sports bars. The beer was cold and fresh which was a plus.  Most importantly though is the food which is most definitely sub par.  The wings were some of the worst I've had, the sauces just didn't seem to have good flavor. The batter was excessive for sure.  All 4 of us were not impressed with the food.  Also I my credit card was incorrectly charged and their customer service is miles apart from other restaurants I've been to.  Bottom line, if you're needing wings think twice before eating here.
Sat the bar and received very good service from Bethany and she also had very good recommendations on items on the menu. She was very knowledgeable and friendly. Next time I'm in surprise I'll definitely stop back there and grab the jammin jalapeno hot wings extra crispy. I am a hot wing connoisseur and I won hot wings competition... Don't get me wrong there wings are good but they don't compare to Wingstop. The flavor on the jammin jalapeno was actually extremely satisfying like I said I just wish they had been a little bit more crispy
My third attempt at getting my charges corrected has gone unanswered. Now they have charged me even more. I sent an email to corporate but no response in 24 hrs.
I'll have to agree with Jennie q. Review.  Food isn't anything spectacular.  Be careful when you get take out and double check your order.  They have ticked me off more than once.  Called and went back for correct order and they still fu c ked it up. 

I stick with the Buffalo Chicken wrap lunch.  Anything else I've tried has bed dry or overcooked.  We tried their fried pickles for an appetizer and it was disgusting and extremely greasy. At least we got it taken off the bill. 

The atmosphere is nice though.  

I'm sure I'll be back until I'm pushed to my limit lol

Thanks for reading!
Food was good , Service great. We had wait for a table and there was little to no room to wait indoors and it was well over 105 outside! we had our 5 month old granddaughter with us so we squeezed in and waited the 10 minutes for a table.
Very nice location!  A little higher class than the one on Ray, as this place used to be a steakhouse.  Great indoor/outdoor bar.  And the new Strippers chicken baskets are amazing!  Friendly staff, yummy beers on tap.
My boss, in his infinite wisdom, decided to compete in the Battle of the Bone wing eating contest.  So, in a show of support, wearing custom T-shirts that proudly proclaimed "Team Guza" we descended on the poor, unsuspecting Native.

Normally, Native is a place I can take or leave....but I have to say this one really did a great job.  They were busy and crowded, KUPD and the Bud Light girls were running around, there were people everywhere, yet our server managed to keep up despite being clearly understaffed.

I ordered a burger and fries, and of course it came while the wing eating was happening.  Now, maybe it was flavored by hunger and the thrill of watching grown men stuff pounds of wings into their gullet, but even cold, that was one terrific burger.  Even the rapidly cooling fries were awesome.

Sad to say, the food was the highlight, as my boss was soundly beaten, coming in 7th out of 9 - he did manage to eat 1 lb 7oz of wings, which makes me just a little queasy.  

This was the best experience I've ever had at a Native,and would be willing to come back to this one again.
Just okay. Reminds me of an modestly upgraded college house party.

Lots of men with Blackberries yelling at televisions.
Tepid, domestic pitchers.
Frightening fish and chips... hard and tasteless. That applies to the fish, the chips, and also the coleslaw.

Friendly crew is about the only saving grace.
Your typical native new yorker, a nicer location than most because it used to be a local restaurant.  Typical sports grill fare, good amount of wing flavors.
I'M SO HAPPY FOOTBALL SEASON IS HERE!

and i practically live here... at native ny'er.

no, i'm not a regular here because this is the best sports bar in town... and no, it's not because they have amazing food or anything.

it just happens to be located across the street from where i live, and tragically (yes, tragically) arizona NEVER televises my NINERS or GIANTS games, so i'm forced to set up camp here like some deranged sports lunatic. 

i can only imagine what the staff thinks of me. i've shown up with my 2 yr old nephew in tow, with out of town friends, my brother, a gaggle of girlfriends, a rowdy group of guy friends, even a date or two. i even stopped in once by myself because i HAD to see the NY jets/eagles preseason game on my lap top. (yes, i bought the Preseason Pass on NFL.com, soooo worth it) i probably could have watched the game on my lap top at home, but didn't want to.

so here's my take on their food. it's bar food. it does the job. the wings are too bready, but the beer is always cold. the bartenders are the best of the best. i forget his name, but one of the bartenders is really hilarious. he tells the funniest stories and always remembers exactly what i drink. bonus points for a heavy pour.

and the best part... besides that it's cave-like dark and has about a million massive TV's? the arctic-blasting air conditioning! is always turned WAY UP. seriously, on a 112 degree day, it feels like heaven. they do have a nice patio area with misters, but it's still been way too hot to sit out there. perhaps now with the temps dropping and fall approaching, the patio will be a great place to watch games. we'll see.

yeah so, if you're ever looking for me and can't seem to find me, odds are i'll be here. at the bar. like some crazed sports chick, clutching my beer and yelling at the TV.

ok this review must come to an abrupt end. the patriots/bengals game is starting, i gotta go. GO PATS!
This review is based on wings alone... I haven't been here in over ten years, but I still crave the wings. NNY was always my first food stop when I use to visit Phoenix. By far the best I've ever had for many reasons. So perfect. Ho hum. Please send me some!
WINGS 101
1) very small not much meat at all which was quite a dissapointment
2)although small they were cooked perfectly.nice crispiness to them and drenched in sweet barbecue sauce (my sauce of choice was Strawberry HOT) no emphasis on the HOT
3)very quick prompt service and a decent atmosphere 
4) the MAJOR DOWNFALL-a pitcher of budweiser cost $8.50! But they do have bottles of corona for $2 a pop which is a better deal
Cheap wings on tues & thurs. That's basically what this place is good for. Wings are decent, many sauce options and everything else is typical bar food
Wings! Something like 1750 calories alone for a dozen, but worth every one. Their salads aren't healthy at all either, but then again, no one realistically comes here to eat anything but greasy fried things. It seems like every time I come here, there's 50 children running around screaming. Parents- control your spoiled rugrats in public or please find a babysitter. Especially at a place that's half wing joint half sports bar. Is that too much to ask?
There aren't that many places in the area for takeout that's American food.  Native New Yorker is usually my default take out for wings when I don't feel like cooking because of its location.  I have to say I'm a bigger fan of Wing Stop.

Cons:
-The wings are hit or miss.  Sometimes they  can be soggy with no crunch and depending on the cook the sauces can be thin or too saucy.

-The price is a tad too high.  There are wing specials but during times that are odd.

Pros:
-  Takeout is quick

-  The staff is always super nice

-  The salads are getting better and taste great.

-  There is outdoor seating.
It's the perfect go-to for a local neighborhood restaurant. If you're watching calories - be REALLY careful about what and how you order. But the food is always good, and the service is great.
I used to go here with my family a lot. They would rarely mess up our orders, but on the off chance anything went wrong they were always polite, apologetic, and quick and prompt about fixing the problem. Nice place.
Bottom line: great service, great food, and great specials.

I'm a big wing and beer guy, and both of these were prompt, cheap, and delicious. Not that many beers on tap, but they have imports as well as domestics and a few locals from San Tan Brewery. The wings....oh, the wings. $0.69 per wing, $0.39 on Tuesday and Thursdays! No extra charge for ranch, which always irks me when restaurants do it. The Pizza is great too, NY style. About $12 for a medium which is more than enough for two people. Beer was $6 for a 24oz stein of XX, less for domestics and $1 off after 10pm. Don't come here expecting to drink red wine, they only have Black Opal and another cheap brand on the menu.

The service is great. NNY has managers and servers bussing food, so you won't wait long for your food. There's no rush to get out, even on a busy night, which is a nice change from the usual restaurant hustle and bustle. They comp'd us a few extra wings to try a different flavor, which was nice.

The food and drink specials are good, and there's a different one every night. Check it out on a weekday night before 7 or after 10 to take advantage of the specials and the wings, or come in for dinner and feed the whole family with their pizzas.
There is a lot to consider with this place. Chief among those things is the location.  There isn't a lot to choose from in our neck of the woods. 

To be fair that's why this location stands out.  The recent renovation was tremendous too.  The bar is now something worth hanging out at, the views of the tvs from the tables are worth seeing a game from, and the drink specials are pretty solid.  There's always a good deal on tap and happy hour runs from 3-7 and again late at night.  The last couple of friday nights I've found this place with a pretty good crowd which is a nice out this way.

The food is typical bar food so there isn't much to look for there.  The wings are kind of small so I'd skip them.  All told, a good place to grab a drink and catch a game.
Must. Find. . . Beer. Cold Beer. On a quest searching, searching, searching for a bubbly nector that must be in a container colder than the liquid itself. "What would you like?" Fat Tire.  Within 3 minutes from my arrival, I drank two glasses with the same level of glee a child demonstrates when discovering and consuming the ice cream chunks on the bottom of a not so well blended milk shake. I consumed with the exact same enthusiasm a crack addicts has during his first dose right after falling from the bandwagon. It was as if I had never drank anything in my life. Everything stopped the moment I felt the bubbles pass from my mouth down my throat and into my empty stomach. It was a beautiful internal waterfall. I was in this desert for so long, and I found my waterfall.  I didn't need any food. I didn't need or want conversation. I left with exactly what I wanted. A cold beer in an even colder glass.
Overall This place is pretty good

What I like:
-Tuesday and Thursday: $0.49 wing days
-Great happy hour everyday
-Good bar area

What I don't like:
-waiter/waitress service: just slow service even when its dead in there.
-boneless wings: normall I get these else where but here they cook them too dry

Since there isn't much else out in the Ahwatukee Foothills this is probably my favorite place to grab something quick to eat especially if I am in the mood for wings.  However I wish they would hire some better servers.  I've had to go up to the bar on multiple visits to order another drink or place a drink order because the waitress is no where to be found.
Great place to hang out with friends and catch a game! The back has a lot of seating (tables and booths) and TVs at every angle so that they have multiple games playing at once! They have a pretty good happy hour from 3-7pm, with a variety of appetizers (every day) and assorted drinks (except Saturday).

Came with a group of friends to watch a football game, and we ordered an assortment of appetizers, 2 pitchers of Blue Moon, and a couple entrees to share. I got the buffalo fish sliders, because they seemed pretty unique. The plate came with 3, and although they were a little heavy on the mayo they were really tasty! Unfortunately, the curly fries I got on the side could have been crispier/more flavorful. Their steak fries didn't look too great either though. I would say their food is good, but not amazing.

Overall, we had a great experience! Our server was really friendly, and the environment was spacious and clean! Will definitely revisit when I'm back in town!
Came here the day after thanksgiving. The place was dead, maybe 10 tables full total. Only one staff member in the entire restaurant. Our wings took over 45 minutes. Drinks weren't refilled ever, and our party's burger was served with no condiments, even after we asked for them.
Wings are the only good thing about this place.  Wife and son both hate the food and they don't like wings.
$.49 cent per wing on Tuesdays and Thursdays - that's what brought me here when I had a HUGE craving for wings. Well, the place didn't do anything for me. The service was very mediocre. I even made a comment to my girlfriend about how lousy the waitress was. The loaded potato skins were delicious, though. They only brought out one tinyyyyy thing of sour cream, which irritated me. How do you only use one spoon of sour cream for SIX half potatoes? Fat girl annoyances!

I guess that's what you get when your bill only comes out to $8.00. I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
The chicken wings are pretty good but they are very small.  But when they are as cheap as they are, I guess you get what you pay for.  Overall you can do a whole lot worse at a chicken wing joint.
This is my neighborhood walk-to bar and grill - I really like the happy hour here.  It runs 3 to 7 every day and drink specials all day Saturday.  Early on the week days, service can be a bit slow, but extra staff starts around 3:30.  I like the flat-bread appetizers and, of course, the wings.  Lots of wing options!  They have an appetizer and two entree special that is a nice deal.  The rest of the menu is pretty standard sports grill fare with a few new ideas mixed in.  The bar has many flat-screen TVs for your sports needs, and Buzztime trivia and poker to keep your brain busy.  There is outdoor seating with a view of South Mountain around the bar area.  For the family or little league gathering, the dining area is large and comfortable.  And one thing I really think is cool...the manager walks the floor and talks with the customers.  You don't find that at enough places these days.
Just about everytime we order from here our order does not come out right.   If it only happened once, I would not say anthing, but everytime?  Come on!  The only reason we go back every blue moon is because it's close to our house.   It's too bad because we don't have many restaurants anymore in this area.
The service was good from the server after she finally warmed up to us but the management is horrible. He was prejudice against us vs another table because of age and sports fans. Other table was an older couple upset be we wanted the sound on and were being loud when watching football in a sports bar on Sunday. Ludicrous he was never polite and nothing but irritated w us. I am someone who works in the industry and understands all needs of the patron but to be treated w such disrespect by the manager of a chain restaurant and bar is incredibly poor service.
I came with my wife and a group of friends on a Saturday night for karaoke.  Cool place.  TV's all around so you will not miss any sports action whether you sit out in the patio or inside.  The restaurant was clean and the service at first was very slow but it improved as the night went on.  When I mean slow what I mean is I sat down, got my first drink right away and pretty much had to flag our waitress down after 20 minutes to order some food.  You'd think a bar would want to upsell their food to make more money?  From 10 p.m.-1 a.m they have happy hour on their food where select appetizers are $4 & $5 each.  My wife and I ordered 2 Diet Cokes, an order of Buffalo Chips, Loaded fries and a 1/2 lb. of boneless wings.  All for $20.  Helluva deal.

The food was very delicious.  While I liked the Loaded Fries, I LOVED the Buffalo Chips!  Homemade sliced potatoes cooked perfectly with blue cheese crumbles and dressing.  On the boneless wings I ordered honey bbq sauce and they were a winner as well.  I would love to come back and try their pizza or calzones.  I know starting at 9 p.m. beers were $3 but I don't get into beer too much.

Karaoke is fun on Saturday nights and there was a decent crowd but you can easily find a table to sit at.  I will definitely come back.  If you're looking for a fun place to grab some grub and watch a game or just chill, Native New Yorker is the place for you.
Came here for food and karaoke, as well as fun with some great people. Got all of the above and then some, despite slow service to order our food. In the end it was fine though, because the good food we ordered more than made up for the slow service in placing our order. Diet Cokes, Buffalo Bleu Cheese Chips, Loaded Fries, & Boneless Chicken Wings were what we got and wow were they delicious! I am a sucker for Buffalo Bleu Cheese Chips, after having them at Gordon Biersch last month and these were just as good as theirs!

Karaoke was a blast and we all had a great time. We stayed until closing and sang a lot of great songs. Each of us has the love of music in common and it was awesome hearing what each of us loves to sing along to. Makes for good times and great fun, as does the whole Native New Yorker experience!

If you're looking for a great place to check out sports events on tv, have a night out  doing karaoke, or just come for great food and awesome people, this is the place to be!
Great wings, three different styles and a myriad of different sauces and flavors.

Food comes out quickly, even if it's busy and a rather complicated order when our son's baseball team comes by for after tournament festivities.

They have a great beer selection, plenty of TVs to watch whatever event(s) are going on.
Wings are dry, food is ok, management is terrible.

For the price you can get better food if you venture out of the Foothills. I don't come here often, but recently both the service and food have been lacking.

Tip for management:
If there's a problem with the bill that's the customer's fault, tell them instead of belittling them.

Won't be coming here anymore.
Great skinny asian chicken salad. The flat beead appetizer is also a favorite. Nice clean neighborhood restaurant. Good food. Great people. Consistent!
I love Popeyes on a Tuesday!!! You get a leg and a thigh for 99 cents. How awesome is that?!?! Plus the Spicy Fried Chicken is pretty darn good. Every bite is full of flavor.

I have yet to try anything else on the menu, but I'll definitely will be back. 

Weird side notes: There are like 4 or 5 chicken places in this area and I have yet to give the other places a try because Popeyes is so cheap and tasty.  Also, if you have a hard time looking for this location, it is attached to a Fills.
Tuesday $1 2-piece chicken is the only reason for me to come.  Otherwise, the sides cost more than the chicken! Its fast food so can't expect much.
A small scoop of mashed potatoes for $2 with (3) pieces of the most greasiest bland chicken ever at $8 and a cashier who can barely speak English makes this place definitely off limits after (2) visits. They just can't seem to get things right there.

And they also charge .75 for an extra SAUCE, a f***** SAUCE

(3)piece chicken meal incl( a liter of grease) 
extra side (practically a tablespoon or a side for a baby) 
a cashier who can barely understand english 
= $9.42

I felt as though I had to finish this crap after paying so
much for it. The sides are good but way overpriced!
The service here could use some work. There's always a communication barrier.  And at one point, they ran out of biscuits. (?!?!?!?!) How does a place called Popeye's Chicken and BISCUITS run out of biscuits?! That's poor planning on the manager's part.
OMG!!  So SLOW!  I went through the drive through to get the 3 chicken tenders meal.  Ten minutes later, I ended up walking inside (almost totally empty) to see where lunch was.  Twelve minutes after ordering, I finally got my (NOT fresh) chicken tenders (no biscuit, although there was supposed to be one) and iced tea.  So much for a quick lunch, and it was awfully expensive for stale chicken and NO biscuit.  DO NOT go here.  WAIT . . . UPDATE . . . I DIDN'T GET MY ICED TEA EITHER!!  IT WAS DIET SODA!!!
After my last Popeye's visit on Rainbow caused my daughter and I to get grossed out I've been searching for a replacement store. 

I think I found it; its on my way home from work. Its down the road from a grocery store I don't mind shopping at and even though its attached to a gas station its an easy in and out.

Keep it up and I will be back!
I placed a large to go order. It was placed into boxes and was being bagged when the drive thru/manager got an order for a single meal. She took one of my biscuits and gave it to the drive thru order thus making me wait 5+ minutes for the next batch was made?!!

She put my order on hold to keep her drive thru times down. I was ordering for a family and the drive thru was a single to go order; pray tell which one should be more important? 

My search continues for a clean store with good service!
Food is great, the tuesday promo is a deal. Forget the service tho. Came to the drive thru right before closing on a Tuesday night and it felt like I was being hurried along. I placed two seperate orders and they were all dumped in the same bag and I mean dumped. then the only excuse this drive thru boy could give me was "I didn't bag em" then promptly closed the window forgetting to give me the rest of my orders. I had to park and walk in to get them. your service sucks and I hope u guys read this!!!!
Quite possibly the worst location nationwide. They routinely run out of items on the menu. The food isn't as good as other locations. Service extremely slow-- to the point where you seriously contemplate getting back there and helping them out. Still I would go by because it's so close to the house. After their refusal of honoring an offer off of the Popeye's website specifically for this location, I'm done.
I grew up on Popeyes - back in high school after tennis practice i would get a 5 piece dark for $2.99.  My first job at 16 was at a grocery store bagging groceries but I desperately wanted to work at Popeyes.  Every time I move, i dont tell anyone but Popeyes has a role in my moving process - I need to be within striking I mean driving distance to my spicy chicken.

So this is currently the closest Popeyes to my house and it is the worse Popeyes I have ever had.  I've been here about 30+ times and probably 1/3 of the time they bait and switch me.  EVERY SINGLE TIME.   i ask for spicy and they give me the mild.  And it's not fresh out of the fryer mild.  It's the mild that no one orders - that gets dried up over time.  I should report their store manager.  I think he/she tells his staff to purposefully serve the mild chicken especially if you go through the drive through.....And why do they even offer mild here?  The mild is the worse fast food chicken...it's even worse than KFC.

Anyhow despite the fact I am let down 1/3 of the time i always come back.  Popeyes is part of my life and always will be.   There's Raising Canes - far superior but I have life long memories of Popeyes.  Maybe i'll now be forced to drive a few miles further to 215/Rainbow but till then i'll return here and cross my fingers I get my spicy chicken.
Every single time we come here, they never get our order correct.
There is always one thing that is incorrect. 
Ordered fries and we get beans and rice. 
Our receipt even clearly states fries.
It's just frustrating always getting an incorrect order.
The food is great and the staff is friendly, but do not go to this location unless you have 20 minutes to wait for your food, longer if there is anybody in line in front of you.  This location routinely understaffs the unit by 30-50% of the crew needed to get the job done.  Lots of other places to go that care more about service.
My experience here always differs every time.  I guess it depends on the cook, but sometimes the chicken wings are just cooked well with a nice crisp to it, or they're just undercooked and soggy.  

The appetizers haven't disappointed me.  Onions rings are always cooked to a golden brown, fried mushrooms are great, the sampler always does well, and I can go on with the appetizers, but those are usually just good.

The service can be hit or miss also.  Sometimes I might get a waiter that will never come by for service.  You're just annoyingly waiting for him just for a cup of water.  The other times, like last time, they'll be great to you.  Bringing yourself a pitcher of water without asking, trying their best to get an order right (There was a confusing moment for him when my friends tried to order something specific to go.) which I thought was admirable, and he gave us little things like ranch without any charge.   I guess I've had more times where I enjoyed it than not, but you happen to go on wrong day, it can just be really bad.
The wings were okay but certainly not good enough for a place with the name of the food in the name of the restaurant. The service the 2 times I've been here is friendly but super super S L O W.

I like the atmosphere... TV's everywhere... very family friendly... but I don't like the smell in the restaurant/ bar and I don't care for the S L O W service.
I came here in November 2006 for some buffalo wings.  Add that to an intense Ohio State v. Michigan football game and excitement comes to your senses.  A couple of friends and I decided to order 100 buffalo wings with carribean jerk and parmesan garlic sauces, respectively.  Just amazing!  Hooters doesn't even compare!  Eating good food with lots of rowdy football fans was fun too.  Ever since, we've been coming back for the wings.  When you do order the wings though, make sure you don't get the boneless ones.  It just doesn't feel right.  Don't get me wrong, they taste excellent, but boneless wings are not the real deal.  Just to leave you with that thought...
New fun spot for karaoke on Sundays and Tuesdays (they start at 11PM). The words are up on the big screens all around (making it fun for all to sing along) and the drinks are pretty cheap, too ($2 drafts and shots). 

For anyone who really likes to sing multiple times in a night, this is the spot (I put on a mini concert and everyone was very cool!).
I used to hang out at the bar.  It has changed over the years.  I think they are trying to save money by cutting back on staff.  Last 2 times there have made me decide to not go back.  The food is ok, but the service has been sooooo slow it is not worth it.  Sorry guys have to let BW3 go.
I really like the new "dry" seasoning.
Haven't been in in a long time, but BW3 still has it going on.  Only issue was a guy smoking at the bar.  Wings were great as usual and bartender (Jose?  Juan?) was friendly and taking care of everyone - bar and tables alike.  Also happy with beer selections, just wish they'd get Longboard Lager back again (though that was years ago!)
Great food horrible service . Make sure you have a lot of time when going in
I've been coming to this location for several years. I used to come almost once a week after work, when the late night specials were great. Now I remember why I don't come anymore. The late night food specials suck compared to what they used to be here and suck compared to any other late night dining option. Service is hit or miss.
bww rocks!
If I were rating BWW of wings alone it would get four stars.  Although they are a little small, the wings are nicely prepared and I really love the number of sauce options available.  You can go with a group of people and they have a flavor for everyone.  The seasoned potato wedges are delicious as well and a prefect side for the wings.  Obviously this review is not a four star...but why?  Let me preface the following by saying that I am mainly a late night customer.  I work until midnight and used to love stopping by after work for a dozen or so wings and a cold beer.  The problem is that in a city that has late night everything, they are failing to compete.  At my regular location there is a new bartender every time I go in there which makes it impossible to develop a relationship with someone.  All this leads to is being ignored by the new guy every time I go in.  Another problem is that the late night specials have all but vanashed.  The PT's 200 yards down the street has 50% off all drinks and apps, but BWW has a few discounted apps and only one domestic draught beer special.  Maybe I'm being too particular, but when I truly want to come in once a week for some food and drink and I am usually the only person there, maybe it's time to re-examine your pricing.  Bottom line, offer some late night specials and I will forget that the new guy hasn't looked at me in 40 minutes.
In high school, I used to come here at least once a week with my friends after school. Not only was the food amazing but the service was spot on. However, I've been in here three times recently with a friend, and the service was incredibly slow. There were only two of us and it wasn't busy, so there is no reason why we should have had to wait 20 minutes for our food and several minutes for someone to take our drink order. The wings are good, but not good enough to make up for the fact that their service is horrible. If you have a hankerin' for BWW, the Las Vegas Boulevard location is worth the little extra drive as you will not spend several minutes waiting just to get a refill on your drink like you would here.
45 cent wings
Can't really beat it
Some of them where small
Queso Fries YES yum yum
Not on menu but ask for fries with queso the cheese on the nachos
I just can't take it anymore... I was dragged into a BWW for the last time.  I hereby refuse to step into a BWW.  I don't care if all of my friends are there to hang out... I am not going.

I typically avoid chain restuarants if at all possible, and this is no exception.  I will not be fooled into believing that this a good place to go.  I am NOT a common dullard that can be lulled in because of some clever commercials... you wings suck!

They do have huge TV's everywhere and the service is okay... but so what!

Reasons for not liking this place;

1.  There wings suck!  Tiny little chicken wings.  They get tough with out being crispy.  Then they are drenched in some super sweet sauce of what ever... For $9 you get 12 tiny little wings served in a paper dish.

2.  The chicken tenders are terrible.  They taste like something you would get at a skating rink or some terrible concession stand.  They were not "tenders" as billed on the menu.  These were pieces of chicken all wadded up and super heavily breaded.  The blue cheese dressing had no blue cheese.  Ask me how I know there was no blue cheese...  "Jason how do you know there was NO blue cheese in the dressing?"  Well, becuase blue cheese is blue and it should be visible in a white sauce...

3.  Afterpaying $19 for tenders and wings there were 3 small paper containers of food on the table.  I want something more substantial for $19.  A measly offering of low quality chicken products served in cheap paper boats is just bad...  Again - I will not be fooled!

4.  I paid $5.75 for a regular size Blue Moon.  Maybe my exwife is right, maybe I am cheap!  But $5.75 for a regular size beer???  

I am still pissed off - I hate this place.  If I went there to watch football on a Sunday it would cost me $80!!!  

Small wings drenched in super sweet tasteless sauce - nearly $6 for a glass of beer... uuuhhhh... I vow never to return.
I have been coming here for close to two years now and have never had a problem. 

I usually go Tuesdays for the traditional wing specials because boneless wings don't have a soul.

Great bartenders and servers on swing shift and a great place to catch a game. The bartenders are more than willing to accommodate the crowd on what gets shown on the screens, and don't mind when I start frothing at the mouth every time a Laker player turns the ball over.

The food is excellent, I always order a dozen hot and a basket of wedges (the wedges are some of the best I've tried anywhere). I can't testify to their other flavors because I'm a wing-purist and believes they should only be eaten hot.
What can I say, I am a big fan of BWW. Especially on Tuesday's where they have the wing specials and happy hour in the bar area during the evening. The staff has always been friendly and food consistent.
Food is good for what it is. Fun atmosphere to relax as a family. Most of the waitresses are really good..especially Taryn....BUT....heard a male server(PAUL) from the bar area totally blow off some customers who said excuse me to him as he passed by.  He actually told the people they needed to wait for their waitress and he kept right on walking. The arrogance and lack of customer service is mind blowing. Luckily Paul appears to work behind the bar which is safe for those of us wanting to avoid him.
This is a great place to relax with friends and watch your game. The atmosphere was clean and fun for the most part. The staff is young and always friendly lol. Just a laid back place to hang out.
Chain food, nothing special, just consistent. If you have a craving for regular or boneless wings this fills the need. 
This location can be quieter than a country church on a Tuesday if you go inside around lunch during the week. Weekends can be a zoo. 

I almost always order carryout. If Makayla's working the carryout window she'll make sure your order is right and she has no problem with getting you additional containers of sauces to try. All you have to do is ask so you can experiment. (That's how I discovered Caribbean Jerk sauce which I bought the bottle of and use on a lot of other things).

I don't recommend their kids menu. I usually place my order with enough time to run into Vons and buy their deli Mac & Cheese or other things as my 2 year old doesn't seem to like their food. 

If you order carryout and Makayla's not working (and trust me you'll know Makayla when you see her), double check your order as more often than not they've messed it up or forget something.

(Edit: Based on my most recent visit on 3/31/12 at 8:45 pm. Yelp's check in feature isn't showing up on the review for some reason.)
A friend asked me to meet him at Buffalo Wild Wings for a beer and some wings.  I can honestly say that there was not one positive part of my experience.  The service was terrible - I'm pretty sure our waitress had been drinking.  She was inattentive and slow.  The wings came out and were average at best.  The celery & carrots had a brown slimy coating, so I returned them & a food runner brought back a new basket of celery & carrots with the same slime on them.  GROSS!  My friend bit into his chicken finger, and found a small metal screw in his food.  We called a manager to the table, who was mildly apologetic but only took the chicken fingers off the tab.  Our friend was served food with a foreign object in it - That could have been extremely dangerous...You would think maybe a beer or 2 would also have been on the house....but NO.  Instead, the manager told us how much he didn't like his job and how he was looking to get back into bartending for his career (as if we cared!)
I hate to sound harsh, but this restaurant is trashy and a waste of space.  If you want amazing wings, head over to Johnny Macs in Henderson.
four stars cos the beer is pricey BUT FIVE STARS COS THE BEER IS SO DELICOUS!
Okay, they redesigned the eating area which reflects other BWW.  So far the new arrangement is easier to get around and the staff is better at cleaning up the area.  That statement comes from not understanding how families can bring in their kids to let them make a mess of the table and floor without picking up the mess their kids made.  Don't bring your kids unless they can behave.  
Drinks can be a little slow at getting to your table and not sure why.  Does the staff wait too many tables at one time?  
We love the jamming jalapeno and parmesan garlic sauce on the boneless wings.  Good place to go late at night when you need a good meal.
We have been to this place a couple times and every single time they are SO slow!! There's always a wait even with lots of open tables and the servers are nice but cover too many tables & the hostess also busses all the tables! The food is ok- up to 30 min for it to come out & kinda overpriced for mediocre bar food- $35 for 2 adults & a child without any alcohol- I even had water! This could be a fun place to hang out - instead it's just a letdown every time. The manager needs to get a clue how to run the place- hire more people or learn to be more efficient! Another customer lost....disappointing at best.
Late review-I came here last tuesday for dinner..49 cent wings today.
Looking over the menu I know that I usually get asian zing,and mild but I wanted to try something diffrent today.So I decided to get hot garlic wings,mild wings,basket of buffalo chips, onion rings,and ofcourse ranch dressing. Also I asked for a sample of wild,and blazzen

Onion rings-beer batteerd good but normal
Mild-spicy but not to hot just nice :)
Hot garlic-I could put this on just about anything thats how good this shit is,spicy and garlicy its frecen amazing! 

The manager also came out and asked if our food was good.I told her how much I liked the garlic sause and she agreed saying she loved it so much :)I'm not sure why everyone over all complains about this location I think its always been good.
I don't understand why people love this place. I think its seriously overrated. At least for food. Sure, the atmosphere for games/UFC is awesome and they do have an extensive bar. But just to dine I'd say is pretty mediocre. The wings are small, but I will say the sauces are pretty good. I had the Chili Garlic, Garlic Parm and the Wild. All we're actually good. Everything else was just ok. All of the appetizers seem like they just take them out of the frozen food bag and drop them into the fryer. Nothing stood out, it tastes like fast food. Service is good. But next time I'll just goto PT's or Village Pub.
It has been almost 2 years since I gave up on this BW3 location.  It is right down the street from my house. Went on a Sunday the service in the front was good food cooked perfect. This was enough to get me to invite a bunch (5) friends out on Friday to play trivia drink and eat.  Oh well, same as before.  No service at tables in the bar.  We had to beg for drinks. I was amazed that on a Friday night the only table with guest was ours.  Soon it was apparent, since no one serviced the tables why the hell would anyone ever spend any time here. We got to watch the bar tender give a massage to a young girl while we waited for him to forget that we ordered a round.  Bye bye BW3.  On the way home noticed the bar across the street was packed. Guess the owner of this location just does not care.
Last time I was here (almost 2 years ago). The service sucked tried again. Now I remember why I stopped coming here. No service at the bar.  Why would you have seating around the bar an not have anyone service them.  I will never go back again.  last chance!
I'll make it short, service sucks at this location. Go to the one on Eastern or Sunset.
I've been eating at Buffalo Wild Wings for several years (even worked at one for 3 years), and Jessica is one of the best servers.  She is always extremely friendly, and remembers us when we come back.  Even though we usually only come in for the UFC fights.  No matter how busy the restaurant gets, she always takes good care of us.  Last time we went in she was bartending, and her service was still incredible.
I can't believe of all the years I lived near here I never stepped foot into it - glad we did.  We were looking for somewhere to eat and we just couldn't come up with any ideas and I thought lets try it out.  We walk in and I fell in love with the restaurant which is like a big sports bar with TVs everywhere.  We were seated in a booth and asked if we wanted to play the trivia game they have going on, so we each were giving a little device that was connected to a computer that kept track of everyone playing.  We had so much fun playing including my 6 year old daughter.  Fun entertainment.  Service was excellent.  Our waiter was very personable and knew the menu.  I went for the salad with chicken and watermelon which was very good.  My daughter had the macaroni cheese from the kid's menu and loved it and my husband had some big burger with onion rings (can't think of the name) and loved it as well.  Our waiter stopped by several times to fill our cups.  What I really liked was the menus which included for every item how many calories they had which is perfect for those like me who are dieting.  We will come back again.  My daughter loved it so much (mostly the game) and asked if we can go there every night for dinner - too cute.  We will be back.
Pros: Relatively Easy access. Open 24x7. Close by to a Chinese Place and Subway if someone in your group doesn't want BWW but wants take-out. 

Cons: Service. If Makayla is working for carryout you get what you ordered. If not, all bets are off and service can be surly and most often sucks. I prefer to get carryout from here because the recent "remodel" didn't make the place much better. The TV's still suck, the service is usually bad, and the food quality can be hit or miss too. 

In short when someone asks me to go here I whine and groan. Surely out of all the places in Vegas to get food from they could find something else besides this? 

2 Stars is all I can give and that's being generous.
Husband surprised us for dinner here at Buffalo Wild Wings.  My daughter likes it because of the trivia game and actually kicks our butt just by guessing.  I got the build your own which I chose chicken with tomatoes and put mustard on it - Yummy.  My husband chose a burger with some type of rub and ranch dressing.  My husband said he wished the burgers were a little bigger so next time we will get an appetizer.  My daughter got the cheeseburger from the children's menu and ate the whole thing.  Our server was training someone but still offered really good service to us.  She even made it to where the trivia game would show up on a TV near us.  I am thinking about having my husband's birthday here since we are big sports fans.  Not disappointed again!  Great job!
This has become one of my favorite hangouts for lunch during work. What I really like about it is that it's not really packed for a B-Dubs, so you get just the right balance of noise and energy on your lunch break.

The staff is always nice and attentive and the food is always good. Eaten here dozens of times and my black bean burger and fries always come to me just right. Love that! And they serve Coke Zero. Woo Hoo!!

I recommend this place to anyone in the area that wants the true B-Dubs experience during your lunch break from work without the evening hoopla. Now I love the B-Dubs hoopla, especially during football season. Would love to see what this location is like on a football Sunday, but I live clear across town, so doubt that will be happening anytime soon. 

Great location. Eat here. Have fun!
Went to Buffalo Wild Wings because of our crave for chicken wings. I ended up getting the nacho burger which had a spicy taste to it and a significant amount of fries included. Had a good time and was very tasty. Expect lots of people on the weekends.
Gross. Fatty undercooked or overcooked wings with no meat. It's like they get the bottom of the barrel nasty leftover chicken wings. Celery sticks look dirty and old. Service is hit or miss. I come here to meet friends but desperately try to suggest other places. Only good thing is their sauces like Jammin Jalapeño or Asian Zing but hard to make a meal out of dipping my fingers into the sauce. Their concept is simple...distract patrons with 50 TV's while you ignore them or serve disgusting food.
Came here with friends on a Saturday at lunchtime.  I'm embarrassed to say that I've never tried chicken wings (gasp!) and, to that end, have never been to a BWW.  

The place was not crowded but there were certainly people here at that time of day.  We chose seats at the bar and the bartender came to take our drink orders immediately.  

So since wings aren't exactly my thing I didn't find the menu overly enticing.  But as a wing virgin I was determined to try something.  I ordered 8 boneless wings (OK, so I know this isn't exactly trying wings but I wanted to "ease" into wing sauce).  I got 4 medium and 4 teriyaki.  What I determined was that I can't stand regular wing sauce.  It's just not my thing.  It had a nice "kick" to it, which is what I was going for with the medium; I just didn't like the sauce itself.  The boneless wings were OK.  Not too chewy; pretty good as far as white meat chicken goes.  And I actually like the teriyaki sauce.  This is by no means an authentic Japanese type teriyaki sauce but it was sweet and it settled my craving for it.  At least I liked something, lol.  

Lots of big screen tv's at the bar and around the place to watch sports if that's why you're coming here.  Attentive service at the bar.  Slot machines for your gaming enjoyment.  I'd come back if this is where my friends wanted to go, especially since it's so close.  But I probably wouldn't be the one suggesting it since it's just not my kind of food.
My favorite part of all BWW is the # of sauces to choose from.  Most recently I tried Hot BBQ for the first time and I really likes it.  Spicy Garlis is still my fav, as well as the really hot ones like Blazin and WILD.  You should order the wings "WET" or order a side of sauce becuase they often do not have enough sauce mixed onto the wings.   Good place to eat, and HEY Cold Stone is right next door, so you get your HEAT with wings and COLD with some Ice Cream afterwards.
This place is forgettable, and I am actually confused by it.

A friend of mine is visiting from Bakersfield, and they had decided on going to BWW. I hadn't been to one in years, so I was neither thrilled, or scared.  We walk in, and they are almost empty. The hostess looks like she is bored out of her mind. Barely smiled, and didn't seem amused by my friend's boyfriend saying 3 and a quarter when she asked "how many?". We asked for a booth and a high chair.

The tables in the booths are moveable, and in my opinion, whoever cleaned it off should have re-adjusted the table. Trying to maneuver the table with my daughter in my arms, my friend with her purse and my diaper bag, and the boyfriend trying to get us out of the way to fix it was a task. The hostess offered no help and just stood over us with menus. She dropped them off and scurried away.

Our waiter got our drinks neither quickly, or slowly. He was nice, but not a superstar. We had a round of waters (Vegas Summer) and the BF had a beer. We ordered "nachos" and they were out in record time. Tortilla chips that looked like they were dumped from a bag, thrown on with some lame looking shredded lettuce, cold taco meat, liquid cheese, olives and jalapenos and tomatoes. I do not recommend.

We had boneless and classic wings. Desert heat, Caribbean Jerk, and Mango Habernero (SP?) for the table. Flavorful, but we all b!tched out on the MH. 

The restaurant was like an ice box. All of our hands were cold, and when we walked out, we welcomed the heat.... for a place that claims to be a sports bar, they have TV's going with just about anything that you can imagine... However, I do not see myself going there during football season, while an Enrique Iglesais (SP?) love song plays. Meh.

I don't understand the "hype" of this place. Medicore food, ok service, and a schizophrenic sound track. 2 stars, meh. I've experienced better.;
First, service is horrible. Second the Parmesan Garlic sauce gave me food poisoning for two days. Throwing up all night and BED RIDDEN and weak the entire next day. Never going back to this location, and I've been eating BWW for years. I will go out of my way to the Galleria mall area.
Love it!! Go once a week atleast! I know that's a problem but I'm addicted. BDubs rocks.
This is my favorite BWW to go to. Mike & Jessica are awesome. I love sitting by the bar during happy hour (great deals) & delicious food. They're boneless teriyaki wings are so good omg, to die for!!!
Very good service with Melissa  our waitress, even the manager was walking around chitchatting with customers. Our food was good and fresh tasting.
Dear god this place is awful. I don't know why I've been there more than once. The service is always terrible, the restraunt is dirty, the wings are fatty and have a terrible taste. Any burger I've gotten I always send back. I haven't been back to this BWW or any others for that matter
Why do I have to wait 5 - 10 minutes for a booth when there are 5 empty ones? The managment here sucks. Your hostesses dont know wtf they are doing. Then you sit me at a dirty table!
Seriously one of my least fav places to eat and it's so close to my so that stinks. Went today for lunch with my parents and kids. Food took very long to get so you'd think it would be hot and fresh.... Not a chance. The wings were squishy and slimy and my burger was cold and bun was hard on the top. Yuck I vow to never return, it's always been junk and it never gets better.. I will say this though the waitress was slow but friendly.
Two stars is being pretty generous here. If it weren't for my son being obsessed with buffalo wings I'd never step foot in this place. I shiver when he asks to go but he's 8. He ate dirt once as a toddler. It's a slow progression on his palate apparently. Gotta give in sometime. The service is usually slow. There always seems to be one server for every table and 12 more standing around. I've decided to bring in my own bottle of soda next time do I won't die of thirst waiting for refills. For how much they over charge for crap in a paper boat I'd expect them to at least cook the food. I'm pretty positive the appetizer platters are pre assembled, frozen and popped in the microwave when ordered. I've decided that the only safe thing to order is a side salad. Otherwise be prepared to be nauseous within 2 hrs. I just don't understand why people love this place and how they stay in business.
Great staff good food but the manager. Shawna has no sense of customer service at all!!!!!
I was going to.give you guys a 4 Star but the waitress came to bring our order and dropped all of my.boyfriends order of sliders and fries on floor. Not a big deal but a disaster middle of the.walk way.
Three stars on the food, 5 on the service. The cook went an extra step to make my husband a burger that they used to make a few months ago, thank you!
But still the food wasn't that great.
Overpriced, dirty, how do people waste their money there? Food sucks!
I've sat in the restaurant once and in the bar area a few times. First off, all the sports on all the walls: AWESOME!!!!!! You can come in and watch a few games at the same time and just enjoy a couple hours of entertainment. That entertainment does come with a price, though. 

The food is meh. I really can't describe it. It's there. It's edible. That's about it. It is fun to try the varity of wing sauces, though. Some of them can get pretty pontent! The service is meh+. We were kinda rushed out the day we were in the dining room, and I've had to wait waaaaaay to long for a beer, hell even to get acknowledged at the bar. The prices hurt a little bit, but I guess they do have to pay for their sports packages and you don't have to. The fact that you can buy bottles of their sauces is a huge plus. Their bold anti-2A stand point is very off putting, but a lot of patrons go to drink and drinking and carrying is a big no-no. That should be something that the state regulates, though and BWW shouldn't police the innocent. 

This place is walking distance from the house (albeit a long one, up a hill), which is a huge saving grace for them.
Food is just like any other BWW- pricey but good for snacking. Not much on the menu that's healthy. I like to play NTN trivia, but the controllers here are always broken.
I had a lovely weekend with some long lost friends, full of libations, food and good times. On the last day of the weekend, we decided to finish the weekend off by heading to BWW. It's usually a place that offers a little bit of everything for everyone.  

This location is situated in the middle of the largest shopping center of this specific intersection. Not much around the area, however, Horizon's intersection is filled with grocery stores, gas stations, bars and restaurants. For Buffalo Wild Wings, if you've been to a location, you have literally seen them all! The look is exactly the same.  You walk in, you see a hostess stand and a restaurant area for dining and families.  Behind that is the bar area, both areas filled with large screen TV's for every game going on at anytime. This is definitely your quintessential sports restaurant and bar. On this visit, we decided to sit in the dining area. Our server was Phillip and I thought he did an excellent job! He was nice and very efficient.  We asked him for a few requests during our visit and he was nice enough to get us what we needed an in record time. 

For dinner, I decided to "Build my own burger" starting at $8.99. For my burger, nothing special, I started with the beefy burger, added tomatoes, lettuces, red onions and pepper jack cheese. This meal was served with fries. I was confused to find out that they do not ask what temperature you want your burger at. When the burger came, I realized it's because the burger is not a fresh patty, just a pre-frozen burger. Not a big deal, but I'm sure glad I ordered the pepper jack cheese as the bun and burger had little to no flavor. Keep in mind that you will probably have to ask for condiments like ketchup or mayo to add to this burger. The patty was a think patty, lettuce was shredded iceberg and the fries were natural cut and became the star of my dinner. Very, crispy and tasty!

Overall, I wasn't completely impressed by my meal, however, I spent less than $10 for this dinner, so no complaints. Ending the wonderful weekend with this meal was not the best but I'm not opposed coming back at all.  BWW is a place that will always have a place in my heart!
Came here for a late dinner snack (around 10pm).

I was not impressed. I've been to many BWW and have experience great service. I have no idea if it was because it was late and they were tired or they just didn't care...

My date and I walked in and there was no one around to greet us. We didn't want to seat ourselves so waited a good few minutes before someone popped his head up to greet us. He was sitting in a booth... watching the game on the giant screen. Um, what the heck? That really irritated me. 

We put in our orders, got the food and started eating. Then, they started vacuuming! It wasn't super loud or super close to our booth but I was annoyed. Totally ruined the whole experience.

I most likely will only go back to this BWW if I am in the area.
Never going to this location again!! I went there around 11pm and ordered wings togo. I went home and liked at the wings and there was barely any sauce and luckily I asked for extra sauce. So I called and talk to the manager and she asked if I want to drive back which I don't because just waste of gas, but she acted like she really didn't care and she didn't even apologize or asked if I want a discount next time or anything.
My husband & i used to love going to this location! It was so close to our home & usually service past the host stand is great! 

I have been a successful server at a fast paced strip restaurant for a while & also a lead host so I understand fully that a busy packed Friday night can be quiet frustrating... There are usually the same two blonde hosts every visit and every time it's the same thing. They always seem to make you feel like you have bothered them! The first time we came in I was roughly 7+ months pregnant and asked for a booth and were told there was none available and were seated at a table in the middle of the insanely crowded floor then right after a couple was seated at a booth right in front. I am very big on forgiving people in the industry as we all get overwhelmed and mess up.  

Usually we get a server named Phillip which is outstanding & on the ball at all times! Even whole training a new server he never failed to make sure we had everything we needed!! 

After a few more dinners with a few more annoyed eye rolls from the hosts I finally hit my last straw... I had my best friend in town who has had a few bad experiences with bww back home in Cali I promised we would love the service received at this location. So yet again the hosts never let me down. This time one of the blonde was off, we came in and asked for a booth for 4+ a car seat. After waiting 5 minutes the other host (off shift) comes in with a friend (2 PEOPLE) were immediately seated at a booth. While the manager was standing at the front I quietly laughed and said wow they came in way after us! The 2 hosts like deers in headlights quickly & frantically corrected and said that we were there before. The manager even seeing that our name was first on the list made the off shift host get up and give us the table. We thanked him. 

The host & our server processed to chat leaning unprofessionally on the front counter while our bar drinks sat waiting until I finally got our attention... Thank goodness for the manager that brought out our food or we might have never received that either... I would love to go back to this location but I'm not sure if I ever will... I would give 1 star but because of our usual server Phillip I will give it 2
Service was good. This BWW has the worst paying machines in town. I'm not a sore loser, but if you have gambled more than 20 times and have never won......The machines pay less than most for flushes and fullhouses. They start out with 10 coins and if you're not paying attention thats what you'll be playing. 

If your playing in place that wants to squeeze as much as they can from you!,stay away!
I always have a great experience here. I usually come in between classes at csn. The staff is always nice and friendly they keep the drinks comin and if the food comes out lookin like it has been sitting out for 3 days they take it back and no questions asked! The food is the standard BWW food but the service is what makes this location great.
Good is always good and service when eating in is always pretty good as well. Had take out twice recently and both times the service has been horrible.
E for effort, they give it a good try, good piece of meat but i watched helpless, as it was cooked to.....to....o i hope the wiz can save it. ..... it did, it always does.  i grew up on these ingenious delights and sometimes you just have to have one.  and please some one who knows tell me about.... Corleone's  why the godfather name?, and references? New York yes! , Philly .....No, had to ask they couldn't tell me, and the question lingers. anyway the staff was very friendly and i got my food fast and fresh. fries were nothing special but again nothing the wiz couldn't fix ( so i love wiz you would understand so i won't try and explain) the cheez fries are loaded wit it.
I'm a fan of Corleone's. I'm a big, big fan of cheesesteaks with wiz.

For me Corleone's, though a bit pricey, does the trick. Love the standard cheesesteak, typically go extra wiz. Good bread, ample meat, love the wiz. Can't beat the wiz. Great fries too. I'd eat it all time if the metabolism could afford it.

I know there's a holy war with regard to wiz vs. provolone but I saw an episode of Taste (by David Rosengarten) many years back where he supported the fact that wiz is a viable option for an authentic cheesesteak. Since that time, I have of course tried it (many times) and have been a fan since my first one. So you can rant & rave at me about provolone & authenticity but I'm sticking with my wiz.

While I'm always on the lookout for good cheesesteaks, Corleone's does the trick whenever I'm there.
Cheesesteaks should never be soggy.  It's the age old problem, the bread has to come from the East Coast.  Steak was okay, a bit greasy, and the whiz was an important touch... that's just how they are made... but the bread was a let down and was soggy enough to drop most of the steak out of the bottom half way through the meal.  I miss Jim's and Sonny's in Philly.
that's NOT a cheese steak. drive a bit further to Rinaldi's for the real thing.

--"roll" is partially-cooked machine-made batch of chemicals
--so greasy I had to wipe the table afterward, and I never even took it out of the wrapper; the grease soaked through the foil wrapper (how is that possible)
--mushrooms surely from a can
--onions from I'm-afraid-to-think-about-where-they-might-be-from

I'm certainly one to stick to family tradition (placing my finger against my nostril as I say it), but this one belongs in the gutter.

NO.
Corleone's is a good place for lunch - not sure of the "Philly" touches as I've never spent any time there!  Have only had their signature Philly Cheese Steak sandwich (without the cheese) when there - good every time - excellent steak with grilled onions.  My only complaint is that it is pricey for a lunch place - $12 for the combo lunch (includes fries and drink) - making it a pricey lunch for two!
I tried this place because I had a coupon.  It's tasty but very greasy.  I couldn't bring myself to eat it with the cheese wiz but it was tasty with mushrooms and peppers.  Definitely not on the healthier side.
For lunch today we went to Corleone's, a Philly cheese-steak joint, located south of the Ultimate Electronics, along the north side of Butherus; just west of Hayden.

We've driven by them for years and we were never swayed by their signage and marketing...kinda francheesy.  I've read the other Yelp posts on the place, and I can see right away that many reviewers have never had a real, traditional Philly cheese-steak.  Don't get me wrong, real...doesn't mean quality.  In fact, the real-deal in Philly is a greasy, bready, Cheez Whiz laden beast with over-grilled onions.  You've really got to like the-whole Philly package to get into Corleone's, as they do their best to deliver an authentic sandwich.  My feeling is that the best of Philadelphia actually put more Cheez Whiz on the sandwich, which can be a-bit much....but hey, how can you argue with tradition?

Corleone's is a bit pricey at first-brush and they try to nickel-and-dime you if you want to customize your sandwich.  However, their two-for-1 special, everyday from 4-6pm, makes up for it; that, and kids eat free on Saturdays.  The restaurant was clean, and the menu simple to understand; though, oddly, many drink accessories (straws, etc.) are too high for children to reach. The atmosphere is simple with three televisions flickering; with three different programs...including one with Rocky III.

After discussing it with the family, we give Corleone's a 3 to 3.5.  The food was authentic, and the service was very good; for a food-counter joint.
Big, Good-tasting sandwiches.  Environment was friendly and I was STUFFED.  Sandwich was a little pricey because I had them put onions peppers and mushrooms on (should have opted for wiz instead.)  Otherwise, a good place for lunch in the Airpark area.
Pretty damn good cheesesteak, although there are a few better around.  Worth a try if you're craving the worlds greatest sandwich...
Great lunch place, the sandwich bread was really fresh.
Corleone's is a chain steak and cheese joint found in several places around the valley. The steak and cheese hogies are pretty good.  You can get the traditional whiz or another cheese of your liking. I like to add mushrooms which are an option. The fries changed from their original form and aren't as good as they were before. Those from Philly will be disappointed but a nice option for the rest of us.
Not terrible.  Overpriced for sure.  Go see Doug at Pomeroy's for a much better Philly cheese.
We've been coming to Corleone's for the past two and half years and have always enjoyed the food and service.  Recently, we've been taking advantage of their take-out.

Coleone's management has been trying to be more price friendly, given the economy here in the valley.   And, they have been doing a good job of it.  

They have recently instituted several new after 4pm specials, such as: a large 18 inch pizza for $8.99; and on Tuesdays, buy one large sandwich for the regular price of $8.99 and get the smaller $5.99 sandwich for free.  I'm impressed, a large Philly steak for $8.99 is a pretty good deal, but a smaller steak/chicken for free?  Works for me!

BTW, when I got home last evening I noticed on my receipt a coupon for $2.00 off my next purchase of $5.00 or more. WOW!
I am from the Philly area and these are the closest to home I can find.  The bread is chewy (like it's supposed to be) the steak is real rib eye and the service is always fast with a smile.  Fries are always top notch and it's great to have huge ketchup pumps.  some places like to tell you how you should eat your food. For example Subway, Jimmy Johns DON'T OFFER KETCHUP.  they have some nerve to tell you how to eat your food. Trust me beef and ketchup do go together!

The pizza, WOW.  they use GRANDE CHEESE.  in case you're not familiar with that cheese, it's super expensive and the best of the best.  the late great Pizza Connection on Indian and 44th st used to use it.  it makes for an amazing non greasy cheese for pizza.

look for coupons in the mail and the receipts offer discounts on your next visit too so it's a little cheaper than the menu might suggest.
This is pure Philly in Arizona.  Having been to Philly a fair number of times, I enjoy a solid cheesesteak, and this is where I go to grab one in Arizona.

There is only one problem.  Though not as bad as it used to be, there were a few guys working the counter that were complete jackasses.  Yes, I understand it is a place to grab a Philly cheesesteak, but I don't want a side order of Philly attitude, I get that enough watching Eagles games with some of my friends.

On the plus side, they recently merged with an old pizza place that used to serve the best pies in the area and they now sell his recipe pizzas and they are amazing!

Food is good, but some of the older workers at the place need to check their Philly attitudes at the door.
I came here Saturday after spending the day at the Arabian Horse show with a friend, and we grabbed a bite to eat at Corleones.  I've been here several times before, but not in some time. 

I really do love thier subs, and think they put out a great product.  Prices are a little steep, but not unaffordable.  They have a great selection of subs, all made Philly style with cheese whiz and all.  I went with the small #3, and it was delicious! My friend got the same thing, but with fries, and our bill came out to be just under $20 for both of us....2 drinks, 1 order of fries and 2 small subs.

Despite having great food, sometimes the service here is bland, borderline bad.   I think it really depends on whos working the register.  This time, it was a really young kid, and he didnt seem to really give 2 cents about customer service.  

Ive had other poor experiences here with their service behind the counter and found it annoying.  One time I went in 5 minutes before closing on a Saturday night, hoping to grab a sub before they closed.  I not only got dirty looks from the guys cleaning the grill behind the counter, but a rude "WE'RE CLOSED" scream from some dude in the dining area cleaning tables.  They were obviously in a rush to get out of there, and did not hesitate closing a few minutes early on me.  Yea, fun times.

For the food itself, this place is good....service, don't expect much in regards to pleasantries or nicey nicey attitudes.
Honestly... Just not very good. Yeah, everything looks good but the food is flavorless. The Philly steak is bland and seems almost mass produced. The pizza slices were old and nasty as they had probably been sitting around for hours. Actually had a fresh pie the other day at a kids birthday party and the sauce is pasty and the crust us thick and heavy for a supposed NY style.  Overall, not nearly as good as the reviews say, disappointed and will not return.
How on earth can this place only have three stars when they make a five star cheesesteak?
Very good cheese steaks, best in AZ. I do not know why they only have 3 stars. This place gets my business at least once a week. It is a little pricy but its not terrible if you dont get fries and a drink, just get a water cup or something.
I've only ever had take out from Corleone's so I can't comment on the table service...take out has always been fast (been there five or six times). 

I've had cheesesteaks in Philadelphia and these come sort of close.  I'll give you the good and the bad:

Good:
Pretty good taste
No mystery/fat pieces 
Nice with the Whiz
Pizza is good enough in a pinch
Greasy but not enough to be a turn off (at least not to me)
Combo price is good and they always give coupons

Bad:
Bun is a little too soft (might be a result of the grease)
Little Joey's style has very little meat
Fries are coated with (I think) cornstarch to give a false crispiness - I hate that, it's lazy and I don't like the taste
Potato chips are a ripoff
Website is TERRIBLE - Flash - to look at a few menu items is annoying(unless I'm on my iPhone, it won't work there) and just sooo corny.  

If I could give it 2 and 1/2 stars I would but I don't really mind rounding it up to 3  since my husband really likes the subs.
Some days I would rate Corleones 5 stars, and some days 1 star, so I setteled in the middle.  I wish the cooks were more consistent.  I always order a cheeze steak sandwich.  The one guy who I think is now a manager used to always cook - he is the best cook by far.  Some of the other cooks are bad, and some are ok, but the manager guy is BY  FAR the best.  I don't know what he does to that sandwich that makes it soooo good.  

I go here quite a bit and the service is always the same - you place your order, they call your number when its up - not too fancy but it works.
I ordered the "wiz"  to go and was blown away. I had never had a Philly cheese steak sandwich with cheese whiz on it. It was so tasty. The sandwich was hot and the bread was soft and fresh. The french fries were good too. There's nothing fancy about this place, so don't go in there expecting that. We went in around lunch time and despite being crowded the service was pretty quick. The sandwich and fries were a bit pricey, over $10. I don't like paying that much for junk food, so i'll be an irregular regular. I considered the pizza, but it looked old and cold.
Was running around like crazy and was starving so we decided to stop by.  Their steak and cheese was excellent.
I don't ever  need to go to Pat's or Geno's in Philly.. I think the best cheese steak is at this joint in North Scottsdale.  I get mine with the wiz and it is finger licking good.  No soggy fries here either..they must double fry them b/c they are golden and crispy.  I've also had cheese pizza by the slice and would go back just for that too.
Several friends recommended this place. 
I'm not sure how i'm going to get back at them, but I have a few ideas.
I hear there are other items on the menu besides the Philly Cheesesteak & the chick cheesesteak.  I'd never know...  I love this place!  These are the best Philly Cheesesteaks outside of Philly.  Good bread and authentic toppings.  The people inside are fun and good service.  This is one of my favorite places for lunch.
The BEST place for cheesesteaks. Insane. And if you want cheesesteaks during 12:00PM and 1:30PM be prepared to wait but it's so worth it. 

I usually get the large cheesesteak with provolone and onion rings. The sandwich is huge and enough for two meals for me. The onion rings are the best I've had but I'm not a fan of their fries -- although my friends rave about them. 

This place gets packed during lunch hour and the Northsight area is already a mess during lunch hour. This place does delivery but there's a catch: they will take forever and your food will be cold. I don't think they take a long time because they're lazy, iI genuinely think it's because they are just so busy. 

They do have pizza and I've heard it's great but I just can't pass up their cheesesteaks every time I go. 

Most of the seating here is stools with pub-height tables and there are four booths. 

I've never had any problems with consistency like others have mentioned but it can be pricey. Like $25-$30 for two people if you both get larges and combos (fries/onion rings and a regular drink).
Food is good here, bad place for the healthy conscious eater though! Although place is clean, sort of a fun atmosphere, and food is pretty good, only 3 stars because it seems overpriced. By the time you get a combo (Sandwich, fries, drink), it comes out to be 12 bucks or so. That's sit-down restaurant prices for me. So, given the high calorie content (yeah... they do have salads, but who goes to a Philly Cheese Steak joint for a salad), and overpriced menu, I'll limit myself to maybe twice a year or so, or even less.
I'm shocked at so many low ratings here.  Was I just hungry?

Well, I went back a 2nd time.  Nope...with the Whiz and the onions, I really, really love these sandwiches.

OK...I know I'm supposed to be on a diet now but what the heck.......sigh...they're good...fattening as hell.....but damned good.
One of the best places to get lunch in North Scottsdale. 

Their cheese steaks are so good and I never seem to get tired of them. They also have cheap, thin, pizza. 

Price wise, you'll probably pay about 10 bucks for a large sandwich, drink, and fries but that's the normal price for lunch in the area and definitely worth it.

Oh, and if you keep your receipt, you can use it as a coupon for your next meal.
We just went to Corleone's and were extremely disappointed to discover that they had raised their prices.  Their pizza used to be a lot less expensive and only a little bit less good than other nearby pizza options.  Now, they have raised the pizza price by $2 so we'll be going back to Ray's or NYPD for our takeout pizza.  The pizza still tastes the same and really is pretty good but if the price isn't going to be good, I'd rather have really good pizza than pretty good pizza.
It's almost been five years since we first started coming to Corleone's and nearly two and a half since my last review.

Corleone's hasn't changed much during that period of time, which is a very good thing.  You see, Corleone's is primarily a Philly Steak place that makes a great New York cheese pizza.  It's more authentic and tastier than either Ray's, or NYPD.

As a family, we order a few pies each month whenever we do not feel like cooking.  They deliver, but we like to visit and pick up our order.  Another east coast authentic food they offer are the Tastykakes snack food and warm pretzels.  I know this might appear to be trivial.  But, it's this attention to detail that impresses me most about Corleone's.  Yes, you could open a Philly cheese steak place, but would you bother to bring in Taskykakes?

A great thing about Corleone's is all the coupons they offer.  You order a pie, there's a coupon sticker on the box.  Open the mail, yep coupons there too.  They even have $2.00 off coupons on the top of your receipt.  So they're always hustling for your business.  But if the food wasn't good... it  wouldn't matter.

The 18 inch cheese pizza is still $8.99, less a two dollar coupon if you have one. LOL  It's thin and has the right amount of sauce and cheese.  It also flop when you pick it up.  Delicious!

Enjoy!~
Well, I have to say I am disappointed.

My roommate and I called our order in for takeout. We had a coupon for 24.99 2 large cheese pizzas and 24 wings which we thought was a pretty sweet deal. The back of the menu we had had all the toppings listed at .50 extra a piece so we said why not and added 2 to each pizza (meatball and ham to one, and chicken and bacon to the other). We also requested that both the pizza and the wings be extra crispy and come with some ranch.

Once we arrive, we are told that our new price was almost $35. What. How?

They explain (over the course of several minutes) how we added $8 dollars to our order by adding 4 toppings ($2?). I still didn't get it, but oh well. I was hungry and I didn't care, so we paid and left.

Once we got home though we realized that neither pizza was extra crispy, nor were the wings, and, on top of all that, we got no ranch. Lovely.

I like this place usually but dang, this experience sucked.
Seriously guys what happened?!? Being from Philly this was our only go to place that was as close to home pizza and cheese steaks but since you went to franchise the quality had gone downhill 100%! This was our third chance we gave you in the past 2 months and what we got served was a hot circle of uncooked garbage. Anyone that would actually prepare and think it was ok to serve a pound of cheese on a pizza knows nothing about pizza.  When you place a whole pound of cheese on top and burn the under crust it leaves the middle an uncooked greasy soft mess that is inedible.   I think everyone that works there should make a pizza that way and actually try to eat it.  When you pick the slice up the cheese slides off in a coagulated ball of cheese and grease and your left with an uncooked crust.  Very disappointed it is a shame because you had a good thing with us east coasters that miss home. I truly wish I could upload the picture I took of the hot mess we had to throw in the garbage :(
We visit this Corleone's regularly and it is absolutely awesome if you are looking for authentic East Coast sandwiches and pizza. Cheesesteak experts will not be disappointed, and the pizza is stellar.  And the service is always fast, friendly, and excellent. 

I highly recommend Corleone's, and if you're not in North Scottsdale, there are three additional locations - Mill Ave in Tempe, 16th St and Camelback, and Tatum and Shea.
This place is seriously just freakin amazing. It is as if the cheesesteak gods had looked down upon Arizona and has given us this wonderful gift that is Corleone's. Prices are not too bad either. The regular size id big enough to share with the fries. If you sign up for the e-mail club you will get constant emails with specials and deals. Do yourself a favor and always get the cheese whiz on your sandwich.
Some of my coworkers ordered in and I decided to try something since I'd never had Corleone's before. I was under the wire to place an order so I had the Godfather sandwich with some fries. After everyone had gotten their hoagies I felt a little disappointed with my sandwich but still had some hope. My sandwich was just okay. There wasn't anything extra hot about the peppers or really extraordinary about the sandwich in general. The fries were good. I'll have to try a hoagie sometime to really nail down an opinion.
Every time is just as good if not better than the last. Thank god I don't live closer I would be here every day! On this visit the bread was extremely fresh and added to the overall awesomeness of Corleone's. Keep up the good work!!!
I ordered a cheese steak with wiz, onions, and peppers. The add-ons costed me .75 each, even though the sign said .25. With a drink and fries, it came out to 11.50, which is on the higher end of reasonable. 
It turns out the added toppings were worth it. The peppers were juicy and crunchy, and the mushrooms were fresh. The steak itself was pretty standard fare, and I got exactly what I expected with the wiz. If you want to taste primarily cheese though, you should get extra wiz. 
The fries we well done (which I liked) and very salty (which I didn't).
The meal was 4 star, with the deduction coming from the mislabeled price
Super busy at lunch but worth the wait. Best Cheesesteak sandwich you're gonna find in Arizona without a doubt.
I love this place!  It is definitely a little piece of Philly in Phoenix.  I can honestly say this is the only cheesesteak (outside of Philly) that is legit - amazingly fresh roll, Whiz, onions and the steak done just right.  And they sell Tastykakes too...bonus!
I recommend Corleones for authentic Philly Cheesesteaks. The roll is very important for a good cheesesteak and Corleones has a great roll. The meat is chopped not a thin slice of meat like some places. The pictures on the wall, Tastykakes and soft pretzels remind me of home.  Now if they open a Wawa on Hayden rd, I 'll be heaven.
Yummy, yummy in my tummy!!
Got the original cheese steak with american (I know, how dare I?!) and added lettuce and tomato.  Oh my gosh - delish!  The steak is cooked perfectly, and the bread - it makes the sandwich.  It's perfect.  In fact writing this review, I'm craving another one.  This will be another one of my must haves while in Phoenix.
First time eating here for lunch and I wasn't very impressed. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and may try them again knowing that I did not have any of their specialties or known for items like a Philly sandwich. I had the anti-pasta salad and it was probably the worst I've ever had. I threw 3/4 of it away. Plus the restaurant dining area itself was very dirty there wasn't a clean table to be found the ice machine had ice piled up all over dripping everywhere, there were no forks and the floors were gross.
Overall a pretty good cheesesteak.  I like the cheese fries a lot as well.  It's not the healthiest of meals but every once in a while I enjoy indulging.
Love this place! The cheesesteak is one of the best I've had in the valley and the pizza is pretty damn good too. This place is one of my regular stops for take out on Sundays before football games. It's a little on the pricey side for a full sandwich but you definitely get your money's worth and you won't be hungry when you're done. Get the cheese wiz for an extra $0.75!  Fries are thin and crispy just like they should be and go great with the wiz. Sign up for email coupons and they will send you nice deals about once a week. You can also bring in old receipts for $2 off your next visit. Good stuff!
Moved to the valley from Philly. Best cheesesteaks. As anyone from Philly will tell you, it all comes down to the bread. I am a wiz with (Cheese Wiz with fried onions). For the full Philly experience, get the Tastykakes too.
Corleone's has improved over time so I thought it would be a good idea to update my initial review.

The cheesesteak with whiz is still pretty darn good.  The Little Joey now seems to have a fair amount of meat and is a nice change from the original, have them add fresh onion in addition to the lettuce and tomato and it is extra delicious (and not too onion-y).  I've been getting their Italian Hoagie lately too - love it.  They make a great white pie and good pizza overall. I've had great luck with the Sicilian slices too, they're always fresh and have a nice golden crust. I still don't like the coated fries.

They deliver quickly and are still generous with coupons which is nice.  I am also happy to see they redesigned their website, got rid of that awful flash and replaced it with an easy to navigate site with online ordering.

One suggestion, please allow the user to shut off the floating menu.  It's one of those lame web development ideas that never should have seen the light of day.
Food is great, however, when you order delivery from an establishment you would think it wouldn't take an hour and fifteen minutes to make one sandwich and drive it, quite literally five minutes away from said establishment...I understand there is a lunch rush especially on a Saturday, but taking that long for ONE sandwich is ridiculous, now I am reminded to never order lunch from here because I won't be able to ever eat on my lunch break unless I plan it out!! Also the sandwich and fries weren't "fresh" probably were made and was sitting on a counter somewhere I'm not picky so to me it tasted fine, but I'm sure others would be upset that it was warm and freshly made especially after such a long wait
Up until this past week it's been about four years since I've been to Corleone's. My wife ordered a chicken sandwich which she loved. So that was a major hurdle to satisfy the picky eater in the family.

 I had the sausage, greenpeppers and onions with the marinara sauce. Since I've been minimizing my consumption of bread lately, I just ate everything except the bun. The presentation of the meal is pretty impressive when you look at two large buns filled with stuff. But when you get into the meat of the meal you find that there's a lot more bun than meat. I have to say that I enjoyed the meal but thought the ratio of meat to bun was pretty weak.

I say this place is Yelped correctly at 3 1/2 stars.
Corleone's has been our family restaurant for the past 4+ years. The owner is the best! No matter which location you choose, the quality is the same; excellent. To anyone looking for quality cheesesteaks, or pizza, stop in at Corleone's.
Has a great Philly cheese!!!  But service is hit or miss. You never know what kind of service you will get. Most of the time it's not the best. I call my order in or use the app grub hub and half the time I come in 10 mins later and they haven't even started it and it's not even busy!
HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED! I've ordered from them before and it was pretty good, but their new staff is HORRIBLE! I called to make an order and they put me on hold and hung up. I called two more times to still place my order and they continuously picked up and hung up in me. I know they close at 8, but my order was called in at 7:15. I pray that the owner wises up and fires some of his LAZY employees. I will NEVER go back/call back because of this experience.
Great food but you probably don't want to go there for a lunch break they take forever, they messed up my order and took even longer.
I've eaten here many times and it's always great. pizza is great and cheese steaks are excellent! (I always order mine with provolone cheese because the cheese wiz is not for me). Happy eating.
Just a normal what to expect KFC. Our orders have always been correct drive through or eat in. To me it tastes like every other KFC.  4 stars because service could be a little faster.
Hit or miss here. Either staffed well, or you're waiting 15 minutes. Friendly staff for the most part, but there are a few angry teens working on occasion. All in all its not bad.
This place is mess-up. The food is typical KFC food when they have it in stock. It is hard to get original recipe.   The staff and management is totally useless. For the price the owner should get a better team to run this place.
I have been to this store several times over the last year.  The staff has always been friendly and efficient.  The kids working there are always polite and respectful.  The food is great, as I have come to expect from KFC.  The store is very clean.  I have never spent more than 5 minutes waiting for an order.  I wrote this review because I don't think the store lives down to the poor reviews it has received in the past.  Bravo to those kids who are starting out with a great work ethic.
If I could give zero stars, I would.  I received an inedible sandwich (dark meat chunks, fatty).  Tried to register a complaint with store but they wouldn't answer their phone and apparently have no voicemail.  Tried website, twitter and facebook.  No one has taken the situation seriously and they keep passing the buck.  Not impressed from top to bottom.  

Not the only bad experience by any means but definitely the worst.  Food often tastes like it's been sitting out a while under the heat lamps.  Below average compared to other KFC's.
While the food is fine and typical of all KFC's the service here is really slow and in the drive-thru they wont ask anyone to pull up so if a large order is in front of you plan on being there 20min.
Went thru the drive thru at dinnertime.  Was fast and efficient.  Dallas assisted me by making a suggestion when I asked a question on which "Go Cup" I should order. I went with his suggestion and went with the 2 chicken strips and wedges. Excellent value for $2.99 . Will definitely be back.
I've been past the intersection of 43rd Avenue and Union Hills countless times, but not until recently did I notice the sign for Sam's Pizza.  Curiosity got the better of me and I checked out the website.  Seemed like an interesting place with the Chicago style thin crust.  Convinced the wife and we headed over to check it out.

I was expecting a restaurant with table service for some reason, but instead it was like a Ray's or Sardella's where you order at the counter and they bring it to you.  There were only 4-5 tables in the place, seating 2 each...I'm assuming much of their business comes from takeout and delivery.  We were the only people in there and the counter help was friendly and quick.  Our drinks came out quick.  My soda tasted a little flat, but not horrible.

The wife and I each ordered "Sam's Mini-Sampler" which is a personal pizza w/ five hot wings.  The wings came out first, and you could tell they were straight out of the fryer, as they were quite hot (temperature).  The hot sauce was not overwhelming and had a nice taste to it...however, the underlying chicken, not so good.  It didn't have good flavor and also seemed a little rubbery, so maybe it had been fried a little bit too much?  Anywho, by this point, at least 15 minutes had passed since we made our order and no pizza.  This is only a problem b/c the menu notes that the personal pizza is ready in 10 minutes or less usually.  As there was no one there...it should have been ready quicker.  

The pizza came out and smelled good.  It also was a great size for a one person meal.  The flavor of the pizza was good as well, though if you don't like tomato sauce on the sweet side (kind of reminded me of Spinato's) you might not like this.  The one down side of the pizza was that while the crust was thin, the bottom was not at all crispy which the menu had me believing it would be.  

Overall, Sam's was ok.  I liked the pizza (which I would have gotten the roasted garlic topping instead of plain cheese) but did not care for the wings or the wait.  The wife didn't particularly like it, so it is not likely that I'll be back.   Three stars, nothing extraordinary, nothing underordinary.
Ok I'm probably biased because when I was little my grandparents took me here and Sam would always have candy for me and make me my own little pizza.But now that I'm older I have to say I still think his thin crust is better than any I've had in AZ. If you like spicy sausage they really pile it on with tons of cheese to keep it stuck to the crust.It's a small place but the staff is nice and they'll chat with you while you eat and offer suggestions if you are feeling adventurous.
Sam's is located in a dilapidated strip mall on the NW corner of Union Hills and 43rd ave.  If you see the demolished gas station surrounded by a rental fence on the corner - then you're in the right place.

Hours are a bit frustrating for this place since they don't open until 3 or 4pm and close on both Mondays AND Tuesdays AND holidays.  Hope you're not hungry on a Saturday afternoon while watching the big game, or craving Chicago pizza on Memorial Day.   And you can't eat your food here since there's no place to eat.  Go home.

Crust is thin like many of the thin crust places in Chicago, but it's also quite dry and a bit too cracker-like.  They boast the cracker quality, and take it far with the use of that meat tenderizing device to put the perforations in the crust - just like a saltine cracker has.  I found no faults with the cheese and sauce, but perhaps I had lofty expectations given their advertising the use of daily made sauce and 100% Wisconsin cheese.  I'll give them another shot but may venture elsewhere when I get that thin crust craving.
Since this place is only open 4-9 W-S and not on holidays I stopped in here on the way to Dairy Queen on a Thursday night. When I walked in, saw 3 people behind the counter. They were running around like a disorganized mob, mumbling something to each other that didn't sound very nice. It looked like they were way behind in getting orders out. Eventually someone asked me "you here for pickup?" I told them that I was not and wanted to order. They seemed as if my order was taking them away from more important orders and made me feel rushed to make decisions. I ordered at 12" thin at 7:05pm(approx) and it was handed to me at 7:40pm. 35 minutes to cook a thin crust 12" pizza for a customer in the lobby? Bollocks to that.

I will say, the pizza crust was good, but nothing you can't find elsewhere. The 6 tables they had in the lobby looked almost like they were put there for looks, not for people to stay and eat. Other people came and went as I waited for my pizza and were treated the same way I was. 

EDIT: I did go back and they were nicer. Must have hit them on a real busy night. I really like the thin crust and I'll be back.  It appears they are struggling at times with the volume of orders.
Got the wings here...plain and simple...they're awful. Barely any meat, very dry, no flavor. Won't be back...

**UPDATE**
The (I assume) owner of this "fine" establishment decided to email me about my review on their wings...the following is the correspondence between myself and "Meridith". If this is how they treat their customers, I seriously don't understand how they've managed to stay open for a so called "40 years"...

Message from Meridith:
"Wings were sauced like they always are. If you read the menu you could have gotten the wings sloppy. Our wings are the same size as every where else in the valley. Try our pizza next time. We've been in business for 40+ years. We must be doing something right. You can try Papa Johns."

Response message from me:
"Don't be angry cause you have horrible wings...not everyone can get them right so don't feel bad. I can't say anything about your pizza cause I've never had it but even so I doubt I'd go back just to try it...
Sure...your wings are the same size as everyone else's in the valley...as far as the bone goes. But it's the AMOUNT of meat on the bone which counts. And that right there is where your wings are TRUELY inferior.
Your wings were purchased to feed a party of people during a boxing match on PPV and every single person at the party who ate the wings all said they were horrible...so for your sake I hope that we just got a bad batch or something cause none of those people there said they would ever go to your restaurant for wings.
It was very immature and unprofessional to message me and talk to me in such a way about the issue when instead you should be more focused on trying to find out what the issue was and fixing it. I will be doing a follow up to my review to show everyone how you treat your customers over a matter of simply having their own opinion about your food if it just so happens to be a negative opinion."

Sounds like a serious lack of customer service skills on their part. Looks like I'll be getting my wings from Papa Johns from now on...*sigh* what a serious tragedy....lol!
The BEST PIZZA!!!! I have been coming here since I was a little girl, and it is still my favorite pizza place ever. It still tastes just as great as it use to. The sausage and mushroom pizza is my favorite. The thin crust is great! The wings are great too! I wish it was open a bit more, but I will take what I can get. Plus, it helps you to appreciate it more the days you can get it. :) Keep up the great work Sam's Pizza!!
4.3/5 stars - Thin crust is one of the best in AZ, they give you a lot of cheese, and the pepperoni is a little smokier than others I've had. Probably the best pizza  I've had on the North side of Phoenix.
New owner, same great pizza and wings! Don't forget to update your phone contact with the new phone number! (623)580-9475!
They have a GREAT lunch special!  $3.75 for a one topping mini pizza and a can of soda.  A thin crust pizza, great toppings, makes for a great, quick lunch!
I believed this place is under new management. Their Flyer say; "PAPA SAM's  Chicago style Pizza. It has same address with a different Phone number, 623-580-9475.

I am normally not a pizza fan. However, I've eaten enough pizzas to know the different between a good pizza or a bad pizza. Honestly, I don't know the difference between Chicago style pizza or any other kind of pizza; I judge solely on how it tastes; how it please my taste bud. Occasionally, when I do  find something really good (to my liking) or really bad (awful), I am compelled to write something about it.

Sam's pizza is a small joint located in a dying strip mall at the N.W. corner of 43rd Avenue, and Union Hill.  I normally do not expect anything good to exist in a dilapidated mall such as this.  I normally move on to a more robust mall; I have this preconceived notion, there couldn't be anything good in a dying mall.

I was here to do some repair work on their refrigeration equipment, so I ended up eating their pizza. 

By GOLLYYYYY, if that wasn't among the best pizza, I ever had. Even though I am no pizza fan; even though it is a long drive for me, I came back several more times. I must say; they are among the best pizza in Phoenix. I am so impressed with it; I am compelled to write this.
Sam's Chicago Style Pizza & Wings is .....CLOSED
Pizza was mediocre, took 45 minutes 4 delivery even though it's literally around the corner & the delivery person wud very scattered.
I got two pizzas. One was overcooked - crust on bottom too hard and dry and cheese on top too brown. The other had a topping I didn't ask for, which probably doesn't sound that bad to most, but I find sausage disgusting and digging it out and loosing cheese is no fun. One of the pizzas was supposed to be "double cheese", but there was no difference in the amount of cheese between the two. What really matters- the pizza didn't taste that great, not even that good..... The service is not that great either.
This place just opened up three weeks ago and man it is great.  Don't be too intimidated by the place because they are still fixing it up.  Its best described as a start up sports bar.  The prices are pretty good for a new place.  It sits right on the corner of 83rd ave and has a little dirt lot outside.  

We got the hot wings which were very good.  The sauce is homemade with a kind of smoky/southwest spicy taste to them.   They were very good!  The bar serves drinks that are tall or short.  The drinks were pretty good too.  Bartender very knowledgeable.  The staff is very friendly they have plenty of hopes for this place.  My only complaint is the crowd.  While I was told that this place will start to have a DJ and Live band it seems like the crowd here is very diverse like it is fighting as to what type of people will take over this bar and grill.  If you are heading to westgate this is a great pre drink spot as the drinks are very cheap!  

I would recommend this spot to anyone wanting to try a new bar and see the hard work and effort it takes.  This is a great place and has plenty of potential to be awesome.  Check it out its worth at least one drink.
I visited Sammy's this past Sunday. My first impression was that it was a good place to watch sports. I was pleased that they offered Pepsi products and told the bartender that I was the designated driver as I ordered a Diet Pepsi. My friend and I went to one of several open tables.

It was a typical dive bar with great televisions. The wings were very good and our bartender was very attentive. Sadly, the waitress who came on midway through the first games completely ignored our table. My friend and I had to get our own water. 

I was appalled when a man (presumably the owner, who should know better) walked in smoking a cigar. The stench alone was enough to turn my stomach.

I was further appalled when I saw that I had been charged for my soda and the few refills I had. Really?? Very few bars actually penalize the designated driver by even charging for one soda, much less charging that person for refills. At $2.25 each, it would have been cheaper for me to drink beer. If she had been kind enough to tell me that refills were not free, I would have ordered water as a refill. I'm surprised they don't charge for that (and they probably would if they could). I did express my surprise to the bartender and she said she had to follow the rules. Hopefully this review will have the owner revising those rules.

All in all, I will not go out of my way to go to Sammy's. I know of many other great sports bars (dives and nice pubs) who seem far more appreciative when I spend my money. 

Hopefully the owner will extinguish his cigar before walking through his pub. And hopefully he will revise his policy of giving a designated driver a free soda for being responsible and driving drinking friends around the valley.
In transit to or from Westgate, you have probably overlooked Sammy's B&G. It's a relatively new bar, with a diverse crowd that I cannot pigeonhole. No really, you'll find everything from 21-year-old floozies warming up to the bar scene, to old bikers rolling in with chains and leather jackets.

Most everything at this place screams "Mediocrity!" The food is nothing special. It's the same greasy stuff you'll eat anywhere after downing a few drinks. The DJs aren't playing much outside the garbage you're already hearing on some trendy radio station. I appreciated the live music they had one night...even if it was just an average bunch of stoners playing average reggae covers.

But if there's any redeeming factor, it's the price of the drinks. Even on a Saturday night you can get a pint and a well for $5 (2.25 and 2.75, respectively), and I think that's just awesome. Even though everything about this bar is middle-of-the-road, you're gonna love your bar tab at the end of a drunken night.

With regards to the management

Sammy's has the potential to be a lot more...once it figures out what it wants to be. There's even a sign on the jukebox that says "NO rap, NO heavy metal until 8:30". Pair that with being pestered about my age after drinking there several times, and I can tell the owner does not want this to be an oasis for thirsty twentysomethings. 

Give it a chance anyway and enjoy a few--your wallet will stay full.
I'd say this... Sammy's is what you'd expect, except, a little more!  I did not order food, as we were not there to eat.  However we did enjoy pitchers of cold draft beer... what kind you ask?  I can't remember... and the reason for that is because it was so cheap!  Especially when you consider the fact this place is within walking distance from Westgate.  The DJ was pretty lame, and the clientelle was very diverse, however there was no "overly loud" music, no sloppy drunken girls dancing on the bar, and no bouncers walking around treating people as if they dont belong there.  This place is very welcoming, and the outside seating area is like a little oasis, surrounded by tall shrubs, you would not know you are right on the corner of a busy road!  Bravo Sammy, I say keep going strong with the cheap beer, everything else will fall into place.
Love Sammy's to enjoy a pitcher of beer and my most favorite wings in the valley!  Love the outdoor patio with fireplaces and the heat lamp you can compare to a solar flare.

It is hit or miss on the service. It is a gamble when it comes to cocktail waitresses.  The bartenders are always good though.
I live in a nearby neighborhood and appreciate the location of this little bar. There is a welcoming patio in the rear of the bar complete with fire pit and heaters over the table for when it is cool out. They have one pool table and a Golden Tee game. The waitress is always friendly and they never mix up my drink order. Pitchers run about $7.50. People rave about the wings and they have the standard bar grub.
I dont understand what people are talking about this place sucks.. The waitress messed up our order..bud lite bottle and came back with a jack n coke..really ?..i know just another dirty dive bar not moving in the right direction.. . Sorry won't be back.
Absolutely love Sammy's!!  We go there for our weekly work happy hour!  The beer is cheap, the food is pretty good (love the quesidilla's), and I like the atmosphere.  The waitresses are always nice and have never screwed up our orders.  The outside patio is nice, but we don't usually go out there.  Oh, and most importantly, THE BEER IS ALWAYS COLD!!!
I finally found a bar in my neighborhood with a patio for smokers and now they are closed. RIP
CLOSED - I can't tell you how depressed I am that this place shut down.  Looks like a dive from the outside but is (or was) a pleasant surprise inside.  Pool table, tvs, outdoor patio, DJ on the weekends, super friendly servers, cheap drinks, good food, and great specials!  Bring Sammy's BACK!!!
Drove by this place on Sunday morning and it looked as if had been abandoned years ago. The only reason I bother to try this place were because of the great reviews posted here, but I wouldn't believe a word they are saying
I've been seeing the semi-desperate "give us another try! We don't stink anymore!" Domino's commercials for months.  Finally, a Groupon made me and the S.O. bite.  As in, we TOOK one bite and let the kids polish off the rest.  Nothing against this location in particular, but this is exactly how I remember the Domino's of yore:  greasy and tasteless.  I really don't know how this chain is still in business.  Save your money.  Bleargh.
My order was good and delivered on time. I also liked the Domino's tracker online with animation.
I posted this on Facebook. It pretty much sums up my feelings of Dominos.
Dont get me wrong. I like the sandwichs and the wings. Its just the pizza. Its like a soup with uncooked dough. 

So... I order a pizza from you guys. 
Medium (12") Handmade Pan Pizza
Whole: Extra Cheese, Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, Light Robust Inspired Tomato Sauce 
Every third time it may actually be cooked in the middle. 
But most times it is not. Seriously if I wanted uncooked dough. I would order that. 
Its nasty and tastes like ass. 
The worst part is I get to be the jerk who calls in to complain. Its not hey man you messed up and didn't cook my zah. Its yes once again you didn't cook my zah. 
So I get to wonder what extra ingredients your now putting on my pizza cause I asked you to remake it. 
Its not like I don't tip well. I am nice to your drivers. So its not like I am a problem customer. Only when you fail to cook or quality check my pizza. Honestly, if it looks like a soup in the middle.... something is wrong.
I will never order Pizza from Dominos again. The replacement pizza was a little better. Till I got to the half that was not cooked. Nothing better then a pizza with good toppings, bottom of the dough cooked and the middle uncooked. How is this even possible. Who cares. I suggest you do not order from this place.
It's Buffalo Wild Wings!!! $0.45 wings on Tuesday!!! Oh Yah!!
Pro: Very nice location and has the appeal that most of the BWW establishments have. The food is fine and I enjoy the people who come to eat. 

Con: No matter where I go: Florida, Illinois, Wisconsin, etc. The service is terrible. Almost every waitress I get can not get the job right. You are suppose to come back for refills and to deliver the food at some point. Lets just say the service was bad here, too. I will BBW was self-service. Otherwise, everything is great.
Overpriced and noisy, but otherwise good.

I like places like this when I eat alone, but if I have someone with me, the evening becomes a loud-talk contest as we try to speak over the sound of the game that's on the magnificently oversized TVs scattered throughout the place.

The food is just okay.  It's nothing special.  Certainly not worth the prices they change.
We came in to pick up an order for wings on Boneless Thursday (a great deal).  We were greeted by the manager, who took our order and made small talk with us.  He even gave us an extra coupon for 6 free wings because my friend and I were joking with him while we waited for our food.

Fast service, great wings, LOVE the specials!
Normally we like Buffalo Wild Wings for the atmosphere, sports, trivia etc. We went to BW3's on the East Side and were shooing flies and gnats from our food the entire time. After not being able to finish our food we told the manager about it and he said, "yeah, we've been having a fly issue." We will not go back.
Awful! I'm in town for work and wanted to watch my baseball game. It's Monday night so I understand it will be busy and Monday Night Football will be on so I find a spot at the bar and ask for my game. The bartender explains to me, since they "went corporate" they can't play baseball games. Uh, huh? Went corporate? You're a chain. That was odd to me so I ask a manager and he said they don't get the sports packages. Again, makes no sense, you're Buffalo Wild Wings...you have every game. Then another manager comes over and says they're having issues with their tv and can only get the MNF game and the Brewers game. No thanks, I'll go somewhere else. 

Very disappointing. BWWs is always my go to place when traveling to watch whatever game I want. It's a great sports town so I assumed I would be fine. My game is on at Hooters so no more BWWs in Madison.
Loud, over priced and service is slooooooooooooooow.  Pretty sure grass grows faster then getting out of the kitchen.
This is my 2nd time coming to this location, and both times I must have been the lucky winner of the day, because the server I got must be getting better tips from coworkers then me because she sure was making sure her coworkers were having a good time and pretty much not giving a flying rats ass about me. All those other tables that got refills and friendly service and food coming to them hot and fast, just don't have the luck that I got, or any of the other tables she was "serving"
Fool me once Buffalo Wild Wings.
It started out a lot worse at the beginning than the end.

I showed up for a bar seat to watch UFC and the place was ridiculously packed.  I got my seat and got a beer right away, which was good, but then I watched how the bar was being run and I cringed.  It looked like three people were trying to keep up with the service bar while one guy was left alone to manage the rest of the bar.  I was lucky enough to be sitting closer to his friends, who he seemed to cater to more, so it didn't impact me as much, but a few people down the way looked pissy.

Trying to get another beer was a waiting game for the guy next to me who had his empty glass  as far forward as possible on the bar and a hand in the air.  Same thing when he tried to order food.  Food delivery was quick, once I was able to get an order in, and the quality was decently typical of BW3.

As the night calmed down, the service was definitely improved and more stable behind the bar.  The tables behind me seemed to be a little more taken care of by the mass of servers through the night, so maybe that would have been a better option, but I know that for next time.  Still worth going to in place of ordering the fights at home, and it's still a better place to hit up for wings and beer than Hooters.
Food is a bit overpriced, and the service is poor.  Took over 20 minutes, sitting at the bar, to get another one.  Glass was empty, and took me flagging down the bartender to get another drink.  Seems she doesn't care much for a tip, as she only got 10% which was being generous.  Spent more time chatting with her co-workers than doing her job.  Two beers, 8 boneless wings, and buffalo chips with cheddar ran $20.  Should have been around $12-14, so a bit over priced for the quality.  Not a recommended BW3's.
7/21/12 My wife and I stopped in primarily because it was pouring and we didn't want to run to the car from the mall.  The beer selection is nothing special (i.e. Coors Light, Michelob Ultra, Bud Light...).  The wings are okay.  The bartenders are sometimes chilly and salty.  More than once we've said this is the last time. We like to play trivia and catch the occasional game there.
The only things I expect from chains like this are good service and consistent food. This Buffalo Wild Wings failed on both fronts. 

Really poor service: There were no menus at the table, and we weren't given one-- I had to snag one from another table. Three different people came to our table to bring food and drinks out. When our food arrived, we didn't have silverware (necessary for salads), so I had to go ask the hostess. I walked past two managers while doing this, who were just chit-chatting and leaning on a counter. No refills on our water during the meal, and our waitress was impossible to flag down for the check.

The food was not up to par for this chain. The chicken in the wrap I had was not spun well in sauce, leaving it pretty dry. About half of the tortilla chips were crushed. 

Really disappointing.
I love their chicken tender salad with parmesan garlic sauce on the chicken.  Yummy!
Dear B-dub3 waitstaff: when your customers make a special request, please consider paying attention.  For example, the other day, when we requested our order of chicken wings extra crispy?  They came out almost underdone.  Then, after sending them back and expressing our displeasure, VOILA!  Our waitress returns TWO MINUTES later with a new batch!  Well, I can do that math.  "Wow, that was fast," I say, a weensy bit on the dubious side.  "Oh, when we're this busy, we have new orders coming out all the time," says our over-perky waitress.  Extra crispy? PFFFFFFFFT.  Double fail.  YOU LOSE.

Sincerely,

Patron-who-will-never-be-ordering-chicken-wings-in-your-establishment-again
I like the Parmesan garlic boneless wings and the fries with salt & vinegar seasoning on them, prices went up and they now charge you for celery, huh?!? It's really loud in there, TVs running and music blaring.
I'm kind of surprised this place has such negative reviews.  I came here on a Saturday afternoon.  The place was pretty empty, and we opted to sit outside.  We were the only table out there.  But service was QUICK.  Our waiter (I think his name was David?) was super friendly and checked on us frequently.  We sat down and ordered the spicy garlic and asian ginger something, then I went to the restroom and when I came back, David was on his way bringing us our wings already!  The wings were delicious, crispy on the outside, moist on the inside, and the spicy garlic sauce was amazing!  We didn't really like the asian ginger something sauce, but it wasn't a big deal since we got our sauces on the side.  In the middle of our meal, a "captain" came out to check on us and change TVs for us, he was pretty awesome too.  

Overall we had a great experience and will definitely be back the next time we're at East Town Mall.
Perfect place for small children!!! Your leather lunged kid could scream and scream and scream, and would simply blend in with non-stop din of the other small kids and blaring televisions. Just like the  departure lounge going to Orlando at an airport!! The food is made for children, frozen boneless chicken fingers and fries, just like at home. Kids can and do wipe their hands on all surfaces available, so you don't even have to think about cleaning up after them. Everything is really, really sticky! Many families have found this place to be excellent, they fill the place. Bon Appetit!!
If you like boneless wings with a million sauce options this is a Buffalo Wild Wings alternative for you.

The husband and i decided to try out Hurricane's a few weeks ago and meh is all I can really say. My husband appreciated the fact that they were able to make a proper buffalo chicken sandwich (chicken breast is completely tossed in wing sauce) but I was left questioning whether or not the chicken in their chicken chili was really chicken- or pressed chicken pieces with chicken flavoring. The service was ok but like the food, nothing to write home about.

If dragged here again I would probably go with the intention to drink- not eat.
Ok, so I just ate lunch here (like 10 minutes ago :o)) Anyway, it was pretty good. Someone from there was marketing and came into my work with a free lunch voucher, so I figured I'd try it out. So, I go in, atmosphere is relaxed, decor is island-ish, nice new establishment. I really like the muraled walls. When I gave the waitress my voucher she had that annoyed attitude. Here's my thought, the free voucher is to get me in, try the food, and want to come back. If the service is poor, then you just lost business and the free meal was a waste. ANYWAY, I ordered the boneless wing platter (wings and fries and another side). It's $9.99. I'd say the price fits what you get. I got 10 boneless wings in the sauce of my choice with fries. I wanted a salad with my platter instead of coleslaw, she said there's a charge. Salad was big for a side salad and it was good. You can sample wing sauces before picking one, I ended up with the medium hurricane sauce, the normal hot wing sauce. I loved it. It had good flavor and went nicely with fries. I'd say this is definitely the beer and wing joint, the menu is just appetizers, wings, and sandwiches and they have a full bar. One disappointment is that their happy hour food deals are not great.
I really liked this place the first time that my family and I went to eat there.  Nice ambiance and a good place to take the kids.  We decide to take our friend and her family there and get the worse service.  Only half of us got our food at the same time.  When I finally got my food, my friends where already done and my hamburger bun was soaking wet.  I asked for a side of bbq sauce and got hot sauce instead and then the server changed me for the side of hot sauce.  We talked to the manager and he was very nice.  Comped my food and apoligized.
Biz partner and I went there today for lunch. We went at 11am, which is right when they open. Place was dead and the waitresses couldn't seem less enthused. There were more people working in the place than came in in the hour + we were there. 

We ordered the bonless wings (hot). Not bad, but I'd agree with the other review comparing them to Buffalo Wild Wings. I ordered a burger, medium. It came well done and was very bland. I didn't even finish it. The fries...what can I say but WOW. I like salt, but this was crazy. WAYYYYY too much salt on them. Disgusting. Biz partner's were just as bad. 

 As far as ambiance, the decor is different with the island theme and all, but one guy actually mopped the floors and a waitress walked around with towels on her feet to dry it while we were there. She even joked that she was so embarrassed that she was told to do this and just wanted to sit at out table.

Then the bill came...12 wings, 2 sodas, 2 burgers...$38 without tip. Could have saved $10 and went to Applebee's. We won't be back anytime soon.
My wife and I went there for dinner tonight and were pleasantly surprised with the whole thing environment, staff, prices and food.  We ordered the parmesan cheese fries appetizer and the chicken tender sampler platter.  The platter gives you a chance to try four of their 34 different sauces and they also let you make up your own by combining some; try the BBQ mixed with the Habanero Lime Toss.  The fries were very good and the chicken was tender.  They had a decent amount of TV's and were strategically placed where everyone gets a peek.  My wife and I started a check list of the sauces so we can try them all.  For sure coming back...
I got very, very sick after eating here with some friends-I would have to blame the Diet Coke as that was the only thing different that I had (and it did taste a bit moldy, didn't drink much of it)  My friends thankfully were spared the disease.
We all had chicken salads and they were nothing special but I'll likely not return due to me heaving my guts out the night before a flight to Chicago..............
Now, as a Maricopa Cty. certified food handler I know that food poisioning can take up to three days to manifest and you may not know 100% the cause of your gastro-intestinal distress.  But as I was walking to my truck after lunch my stomach was already churning and burning....
Love Hurricane Grill & Wings! They have so many sauce options for my husband, nothing is ever hot enough for him, but the top one was wonderful and he loves it. I love the fact that since I cannot eat poultry, there are a lot of other options for me on the menu! Not like other places we have went to for sure. Their happy hour is terrific and when the band is playing we always have a good time! Highly recommend :)
My wife and I went to eat here as we got a half price coupon and we really enjoyed urself.  The food was good as was the atmosphere.  I would definitely go back again.
Love this place for their Chile lime churrasco and onion rings with ranch dressing.  Love their wings extra chrispy!  I always get their hee-haw junction drink too.  Best ever!!!!
Worst.......restaraunt........ever!!! Got dragged here a couple of times by a group of friends.the hostesses were nice and friendly,the decor was laid back,the food and service was just awful though.the beer tastes like it came out of dirty taps.it was skunky and gross.waited 15 mins.for server to waddle over to us.she mustve thought she was hot stuff because she had on a really short skirt and was about oh....60 lbs.overweight.gross!good if your on a diet I guess.she acted like it was a privelage to be served by her.as she was too busy talking to co workers in the middle of taking our order.the food was greasy and mediocre.the grilled chicken tastes frozen and is full of fillers.my friend said the wings were good though.the cliental consists of loud, drunk,demanding old people.we got stuck next to a group of like 10 of them and everytime any server walked by they demanded something loudly and rudely.I was shocked to see that every server dropped what they were doing to cater to these gereatrics.it really affected our service along with other peoples who were sitting near us.then later that night they had live music.it was just some stuck up hipster with an acoustic playing the same tired old cover songs we've all heard a million times before,mixed with his desperate need for attention by chatting up the drunks at the bar loudly over the microphone.the music/cries for attention were soooo loud we couldn't even carry on a conversation without screaming at each other.the whole scene was just annoying.
Used to be a great place to visit.  Unitl you have one bartender that gets away with cussing out customers that request Diamondbacks games on the TV's. Guess being in the family means more than the customers.
Last night my 4 kids and wife went to our local Hurricanes in Surprise. I ordered the Island Grilled Shrimp. The picture on the menu was quite the selling point, two skewers of beautiful shrimp, rice and broccoli. What was set down in front of me was quite the opposite. I wish now i would have taken a picture. Half of the plate was Broccoli and now i know why they are called shrimp. The shrimp were and I kid you not the salad variety of shrimp not more than a half inch. They were so small they had no tail. They did not even look right being skewered. It was quite laughable and I could tell my family was waiting for my reaction. Even our waitress was embarrassed and said she would not have recommended it if she knew that is what the manager went to the store and bought because they had run out. If the restaurant does not have the food on the menu it should not be offered. I informed the server of my displeasure and mentioned there is no way i can pay $12.95 for that and of course she offered me to order something else but at this time the other 5 in the family now have their meals. The waitress was wonderful and took off a couple drinks from the bar and gave us two cards for free parmesan fries which I will never use but the kids may because it's free. We look forward to the time when as a family we can get together and enjoy a meal out. With many restaurant choices all vying for  business it is shame that some use forms of deception and come up subpar. I feel better now after venting but will think twice before returning to your franchise to spend my average $125.00 on a weekly family meal. I must once again reiterate our server was wonderful and I graciously left her a tip in excess of 20%. It was the least I could do after the embarrasment she went through having to serve this dish.
Well I have heard great things about this place so me and my husband and friends went there on a sunday got a table and waited for about 10 minutes before the waitress came over to get are drink orders. Strike 1. she takes are drink order,and the men in the group ordered beer and us ladies has sodas. The bartender actually ran are beers over to our table. Strike 2. the place was not busy. The waitress then comes back over to take our order and forgot are sodas,Strike 3. The food was really good but if you are expecting great service i would suggest to take your order togo.
Best wings in Surprise. I miss Buffalo Wild Wings but this place does have more of a selection of wings.
My friend was right! The Mahi fish tacos are pretty good! They are grilled so you don't feel as bad about eating them. The firecracker shrimp tacos have a little kick in the flavor, but they are definitely not spicy. 
I ordered hurricane rice instead of fries to go with the seafood tacos, but I guess the waitress forgot to tell them, so I ended up with fries. The regular fries were overcooked and lacked taste. It was a strange texture because once you bit into the fries, there was a crunch but it seemed like nothing was inside the fries. My other friend got the sweet potato fries, which I didn't know was even available, and that was much better than the regular fries. I'm not sure if it's always this way with the fries, or we just tasted the regular fries on a "bad" day, but just to be sure, I'm going to order the sweet potato fries next time. I should probably try the wings next time, since that is in the title of their restaurant/bar, but I didn't want to have buffalo chicken wing breath before going back to work. I like this place though. This was my second time back.
Great food !They may be famous for their wings, but I love the other food here too.
Try the Chicken Quesadillas or the Sliders. Another fave of mine is the Fish Fry on Fridays.
Service is great. The staff is very friendly and helpful.
They often have live music on Fridays.
Wife and I arrived at 6 pm.  Seated promptly, waiter arrived at 6:10 brought us our drink order 6:15.  Never stopped by again.  In the interim, he took food orders from 2 tables that arrived after we did.  Left at 6:30.  When we reached the door, hostess said " have a good evening".  I told her to tell our waiter that  we were leaving, thanks for the Coke!  

Walked across to Picasso's.  Great Food, Great Service.
I visit the Hurricane for Jamaican Jerk wings.  The flavor was a bit odd to me at first, kind of a sweet jerk sauce with a little bite but not too hot.  The more of them I ate, the better they tasted.  The wings are meaty and they have a 5 piece that is great for lunch.  PBR is cheap all the time.
My wife and I went to the Hurricane Grill on Valentines for dinner.  Overall we had a better then average experience and will be coming back.  The place was pretty full with tons of TVs and various games for all sports fans.  The drink specials were plentiful and reasonably priced.  As far as the food goes.  The menu has a tropical beach feel, but with a wide verity for all tastes.  My choice was the pulled pork quesadilla and cyclone sauce on the side. The pork was tender, flavorful, and not overly salty.  The sauce packed plenty of flavor, but not as hot as I thought it would be.  The only real down side, and the reason for the one star deduction, was that it was very greasy. Other then that, the staff was pleasant and prompt.  We might not go back on a regular basis, but we will be back for sure!
LOVE, love, love Hurricane for the best (boneless--my preference) wings in the West Valley!  SO many wonderful flavor choices to choose from--it's always difficult to pick our favorites.  Not only have we brought several friends to enjoy Hurricane, we brought an entire car club (a group of approx. 25 people).  The service was spectacular, that evening especially!  My ONLY reason for not giving a 5 star rating is that many times the live music is a bit too loud.  In general, it is good music for a small "2 man band", but the volume level needs to be toned-down a bit so that patrons can still easily converse with members in their party without shouting when they are sitting right next to each other. Also....bring back Apple-Bourbon wing sauce!!!
Seriously some of the best wings I've had...I was able to taste them after having bar hopped with a great friend.

They have the biggest selection of sauces I have ever seen!  The wings are huge and they do not skimp on this sauce!  Fries were crispy and tasty...service was quick and beer was cold.  I mean what more can you ask for.  

They have a huge patio and you can sit at the bar while still sitting outside which is great at this time of the year in AZ!
Great wings with a wide selection of sauces. Don't ignore the rest of the menu. I've had some great fish here as well.
At a $1 a piece for wings way too pricey for very small wings, good service but wouldn't try the wings again
Looking for place to watch the game with a lot of tv's, has cold beer and really good wings? Here ya go, Hurricane Grill is it. This place is nothing special with decor or anything, but the selection of wing sauce is outstanding, and the size of the bone-in wings is excellent. The waitress gave us a recommendation on 2 sauces that was spot on. We will be back again and again. Comfortable neighborhood spot.
Went on a Monday night for football.  Wasn't too busy. The waitress was Awesome and refills were always taken care of. Friendly and knew the menu. They have a public service discount for police and fire, which is 15% off the entire bill. Can't wait to get back.
What's not to love about 34 flavors of wings? Like ice cream gone chicken....some of the more memorable (and tasty) wings I've ever enjoyed!
I LOVE this place!!!  So many sauces, so little time, but the Coco Loco and the Maple Pepper are two of my favorites.
Old people...Old people...Old people

The service is good, the food is good, the crowd is VERY OLD.  I'm far from being a kid, but even I felt out of place there.  Maybe I'll be back when I retire, I suggest you wait until you do also.
Went there and had fish taco's.  Woke up the next morning with GI problems that lasted the whole day.  Almost didn't make it in time to the bathroom.  Called the restaurant and left a message for the manager.  Never got a call back. I didn't expect a call back just wanted them to know that they need to watch the cream sauce they put on the taco.
4+ for me. We keep going back week after week, and take our family there. The place is REALLY popular with the 50+ population. I really like the the Jamaican Jerk sauce, and have to say it's probably my favorite. This is our #1 place for wings, bar food and cold beer.
Food is really good but too expensive. $76 for three of us. Over a dollar per wing, just way too much. Service is slow at best. Had to grab other servers to ask for service. No complaints about the food but can get the same quality elsewhere for much less $. Rice was dry and I just took one bite. Both cabbage salads were not good. The appetizer of fries, fried pickles, shrimp and boneless wings was disappointing. The only thing that was good was the honey garlic sauce. So close to being good but just missing the mark. Price is just way too high for the taste.
This review is being written one hour after arriving on Mondays wing night. The wings we ordered still are not out. Can't comment on the food because it still isn't here. It isn't packed. Luckily they were able to refill our drinks twice so that they can jack up our tab. Not happy.
We have been here 3 times now.. it has always taken a little longer than most restaurants to get our food.. but this time was completely awful in more ways than just that. It was not busy in any way... It took a little less than 5 minutes to even be greeted. After taking our drink order, our server told us she would be right back to get our food order.  After 15 minutes the bartender brought us our drinks.. our server still did not come back after another 10 minutes. After 30 minutes our server finally took our order. We ordered a basket of fries as an appetizer, and she brought us a side. When we told her that we ordered the appetizer of fries.. she told us they didn't carry that anymore. And brought us another side that they charged us for. Then after being at the restaurant for over an hour.. we received our wings that we order.. which came out with the wrong sauces. We then asked for a couple sides of ranch, for our order of 20 wings.. she brought us, one small ramekin of ranch.. Then after waiting for our check for another 10 minutes.. we hand to wave down another server to get it for us. HORRIBLE SERVICE AND EXPERIENCE all together!!!!
I like to think I have a pretty good eye for restaurants - simply eyeballing a place will usually tell me roughly how good it's going to be.  I eyeballed this place and my intuition told me: BAD.  Or at least generic.  Big sports bar, cheesy gimmicks, giant TV's, overly perky waitresses, a huge meandering menu, and empty tables everywhere.  

But it was the only thing open at that hour across the expressway from my hotel so I didn't listen to my intuition, which was a good thing because it turned out to be great.

Dan ordered this monstrosity-sounding thing that was like a steak quesadilla stuffed with french fries.  It came with the most nuanced salsa ever.  I mean, I could taste every little spice that went into that bowl separately in my mouth, and every one of them tasted fresh.  In addition to that, the quesadilla wasn't too greasy, the steak was not overcooked, and the french fries were somehow, despite being mashed into a quesadilla and fried, not mealy.  Yum!

My hot garlic chicken wings, despite being placed roughly in the middle of the spice indicator on the menu, were so hot that when I brought them to my face I started coughing before they made it to my mouth.  However, when they actually did make it to my mouth, it was a slow-burning spice, one easily extinguished by the bleu cheese dressing.  Which was bland and slightly chemically on its own, but served its raita-like purpose nicely.

Were I ever to be in Monona, WI again (somewhat unlikely) I would come back.
This is by far the best Buffalo Wild Wings in Madison! You can always count on their food being just what you expected, where as other locations are hit or miss. The service is always pretty decent. They have many T.V's so you can watch a game or follow multiple games. They also offer trivia, which is sometimes fun to play if your going to be there for a few hours. Tuesdays is 45 cent wing night and Thursday is 60 cent (Can't remember how much?) boneless wing night. They offer Coke products which makes me sad, but I can get over it, because their wings are soooo good. My favorite sauces: Medium and Asian Zing!
In short: a standard wings place. Lots of sauces, lots of chicken, lots of TVs. However, both their food and service was better than the downtown location. Our server was great and ridiculously ninja-like: refills would appear and empty dishes would disappear, bills would show up only to disappear and reappear with change, all without anyone at our table of five noticing. 

It gets three stars because it's nothing special, but if it was a world of chains and average food everywhere, it'd get five.
OVERPRICED but a fun place to meet, snack and watch sports.  Good beer selection.
Yikes. An atrocious sports bar with 3,000 flat panel TVs, and a laminated menu book. 

If you must go here, and don't have time to hang yourself before, stick to the bone-in wings, avoid the useless sauces at all cost, and order lots of drinks to numb the pain.

Actually, the mixed drinks can be pretty good. Better yet, avoid the food and toss a few back at the bar instead.
it is simply not acceptable that this location does not show UFC fights.  Each time I've called the worker on the other end has been nothing short of rude.  

The reason they do not show the fights is " because we don't make make a profit."

Yes.  BW3 is a corporation and up until now I really enjoyed the food and location.  They make plenty of profit at the other locations where customers are lierally jammed into the door standing to watch the fights.  Forget you B dubs.  I would rather pay to order the fights at home then to frequent your business anymore.
Went for wings last night.  It is a wing joint, after all.  Ordered our wings extra, super crispy.  Like 30 minutes later, they bring out rubbery chicken skin wings.  We sent them back.  Manager came over, and had the NERVE to tell us "that's why I order boneless wings".  Really?  You manage a wing joint, and you don't even eat chicken wings?  Boneless wings are NOT wings.  They are chicken breast.
So, after ANOTHER freaking 30 minutes, they bring out our "new" wings.  Yup, you guessed it!!  RUBBERY SKIN WINGS!!  I told our waitress, "bring the bill for the sodas".
So, we sat there for a damn HOUR, and they never actually got our freaking order right.  We left without eating.  They need to fire their cooks, and get someone in there that is smart enough to touch the wing, and know it's not crispy!! 
And, 7 freaking dollars for two sodas!!!  
It's funny too, cause on the way out, there is a sign on the door that says "Come hungry, leave triumphant".  HA!  B*llsh*t!
It will be a cold day in hell before we go back there!
It's what you expect, no surprises here. Only service tends to be slower at this location than others.
i oredered take out the other night, and they forgot to include the ranch and celery. Thanksfully i had some at home, but it's not the point. Over the years, BWW has gone downhill, and this location is no exception.
I met 2 friends here last weekend. My first time as I usually don't go to chain restaurants. We ordered 4 different appetizers: 12 wings, o-rings, garlic mushroom and a flat bread.  The flat bread was good as were the shrooms. The wings were mediocre at best (was surprised by this considering this IS their business)., dry and not great sauces. We each had 2 drinks and the cost came to $35.00 each. I couldn't believe it. I felt like I wasted my money on nothing. The server was incompetent. She actually told us that if we needed her, just wave our hands. HA! Long wait for food, long wait for the bill. Not a place I'd ever go to again. Ick!
Worst wings ever. I ordered boneless wings and a beer. The sauce on the wings was  applied unevenly. The wings themselves were horribly hard, dried out little nuggets that were completely unappetizing. The beer was flat and it wasn't even a full pour which appeared to be because the beer was warm and flat. Like other viewers I experienced awful after effects from the food which must be due to poor hygiene in the kitchen - I can only imagine. BWW will not be getting return business from me.
We went in for dinner a little later in the evening and were seated in the dining area and then waited, and watched other tables seated after us get service, and waited...  Just about the time we were about to go to the host stand and let them know we hadn't gotten any service, we noticed one of the servers who clearly wasn't even on the clock anymore go nudge another server and point to our table.  The one that wasn't working walked past our table and told us our server would be right with us before continuing on with whatever sidework she was doing.  We then watched our server finish bussing a dirty table, and then go to the bar to get drinks for another table, before finally coming over to take our drink order.  She never apologized for the wait, just took our order and walked away.

The food also was not very good.  I got a buffalo chicken wrap which was pretty bland.  That kind of surprised me for a restaurant with "Buffalo" in the name.  My girlfriend got one of their burgers that was on special.  It was slathered in beer cheese which had soaked through one of the buns.  She ended up just discarding that bun and eating the burger and other bun with a fork and knife.

I can't see us going back anytime soon.
Like always the service is mediocre.  It is so loud in there that you can not get good service.  There are tvs, trivia and music.  It is sensory overload.  

The server did not bother to give us a full list of specials.  I wanted to order a beer and I was told it was happy hour.  However, nothing was explained to me.  What does this mean?

It was just "eh."  I asked for a spicy recommendation.  I ordered Asian Zing.  Not spicy.  Nope, nope, nope.  

I have no idea why I ever go back to this place.  It is nice for specific events and outings.
The last time my husband and I went to this location our service was horrible. We sat in the bar section and the waiter we had was not attentive at all. Than we sat there waiting to give our order and we had to go to the bar to ask for our waiter to come back. He was more interested in the bigger groups in the area than us and the other smaller tables. 

We are also very unhappy with the fact that the sizes for the wings have changed but the prices have not. So now you get five wings for the price you would have gotten six. Very unhappy with that. We love Buffalo Wild Wings but don't like the changes that have been made!
Absolutely the worst service! Even though the manager tried to make things right by apologizing and giving us a discount, we will never return to this location.
I went a few weeks ago to meet girlfriends for drinks and dinner. The service was great to start but as we we're waiting for people our waitress stopped coming by. We could barely flag her down and then she passed us off to another waitress. The next waitress was better. The food was good for a chain. I had the naked tenders with Parmesan garlic.

Buffalo Wild Wings is what it is. It is an ok place to meet people and play trivia and drink. I only go to chains when other people choose them. I'd give it a 2.5 but since the second waitress was better and the food was pretty good I can give it a 3.
While the wings are bigger than they used to be, they're also more expensive. Service is so prescribed and impersonal that it's really a turnoff. And when our table spends the better part of a hundred bucks, we get charged for a chaser? Really? How awful. Skip this location (and the entire chain in general) and find a good local wings place instead.
Worst B Dub's ever........

So it began when the guy at the host counter sat us all the way in the back of the restaraunt.  Not a big deal usually, but this trip to B dub was to get my buddy out of the house.  He had a broken pelvis and could barely walk.  He had to hobble past several empty tables while he was put on display for all of the partons and staff to see.  There was an empty table right next to the door.  Why couldn't we be seated there.  Piss poor customer service.

It gets worse.  After what seemed to be an eternity. our order showed up.  No plates, utencils, just a bowl full of wings.  When we asked for plates and utincels, the waitress scouled and shook her head in discust.  Wow, excellent example of how to treat your guests.

By this time, we had enough.  We asked to see the manager, who came over and blew off the fact they made a crippled man walk across the restaraunt (took 5 minutes) to be seated, and then he made excuses as to why his staff was angry.  Then he offered to reduce the bill, but when the bill came we were charged full price.  

As we left, none of the staff offered to help my buddy with the door.  As I pulled the car up for him, I noticed him fighting with the door and his walker, while the staff stood at the host desk and watched.  What a bunch of d-bags.

I called in to the restaraunt after we left and asked to speak to the general manager.  He was out, but was assured he would return the call.  7 days later still no word.  Dear Mr. GM, here's your Yelp review.  Choke on it.  Not that you give a turkey anyway.

I'd rather lick the floor of a KFC than visit this B Dub ever again.
Thursdays are apparently the day for boneless wings at Buffalo Wild Wings, so boneless wings it was! We tried three different sauces (mild, garlic, and mango-habanero), but all were too hot for me. Hats off to Janet, though, who is surely one of the nicest, most helpful, and most attentive waitresses ever.
It's a BW3, what do you expect?

Often loud, especially when a game is on.  Not necessarily a bad thing.  Lots of TVs, and a trivia game if you want to be more interactive.  2 stand-up arcade games.

Full bar.  Limited taps, but always have the Capital Brewery seasonal.

Pretty good service.  Take out service too.  Plenty of parking.

The fried pickles are tasty.

Note: They also have SCVNGR challenges - download this app and it's super easy to get $5 off a $25 bill your next time there.
I have only ordered Togo at this location since it's right next to my gym so after a good workout, I always crave some boneless wings. The two star I'm giving is for the food since every bww I have been to, the food is always good. My order always consist of some appetizer and boneless wings ( honey BBQ, Parmesan garlic, and or mango habanero). The Togo counter is not at all organized. I waited about ten minutes before getting help, when I got my food the order was done wrong so I walked back in, and wIted another ten minutes before someone acknowledges me. My box of wings was sitting sideways in the bag, the carrots and celery squished on bottom. I had to rearrange the entire bag so nothing would spill while on the drive home. For eighteen peices of boneless, i only got one small cup of ranch. Other then that, I got home and loved my food.
BWW gets 4 stars for a few simple reasons.  The service was good the two times I have been there. Once for take out and the second time for dine in.  It is hard to have high expectations for a low- end eatery but for what they are I think they did a pretty good job.
This place is great to watch a game!! There are TVs everywhere!  The service is usually great and you cant beat their wings.  For Madison I feel that they are on the pricier side but I guess you are also paying for the space; it's huge!!

BBW has great wings!! And they are also introducing limited time wing sauces that I'm always excited to try!
I have to give 4 stars because the bar is the best place around to watch football on sunday.  They have ALL the games on so if you are hoping to watch a game other than the Packers, you never have to worry that it won't be on that week like a lot of other sports bars around.
Service is always great... you never sit there with an empty beer glass waiting.  (and they wait on you for the whole game or games, not just until you are done eating)
The food is really pretty decent bar food.  Good buffalo wings (for Madison) and most of the other wing sauces are surprisingly good.  Mango habanero is a favorite of ours.
Been coming here since they opened in 2009.  Overall, a nice establishment.

First, this place is extremely clean. They actually cover all of the liquor bottles every night and clean the beer tap lines every week. Pretty impressive.

Food is usually very good and fresh. Occasionally, If you order wings or fries they'll try and send out a batch that's been sitting in a warmer for a half hour. You can tell non-fresh wings when you see them. If they aren't too hot to eat (or close to it) when you first get them, they aren't fresh - send them back. This place carries a premium price tag (especially on non-wing special nights). For the price you're paying, you deserve piping hot FRESH wings. They are always good about remaking them if you complain. Same goes for fries.

Waitstaff are really good and friendly. Recommend a visit. Insist on fresh food, though!
Good spot to watch a game!
The location itself is pretty cool. The open dining room makes watching any sporting event a group activity (with all the other strangers in the bar).

Overall, the food is ok; the only vegetarian option is the black bean burger, which was a little dry.

Typically, service is pretty good and we have a good time when we go.
Not a bad pit stop after a good work out at the Gold's Gym next door. Gets you the protein you need and all the sports channels you can possibly watch.

If you've ever been to a Buffalo Wild Wings, you know what they serve here. I like it for the convenience and the fact that this place is larger than the other locations in the area. Therefore, there is more seating, less waiting, and is easy for big groups to dine in. On Tuesdays, you can get discounted wings; on Wednesdays, you can get discounted drumsticks; and On Thursdays, you can get discounted boneless wings.
I've visited more than my share of Buffalo Wild Wings (or as us 'Sconnie's like to refer to them, "BW3s"), and this one's not much different than the rest...

I'll typically grab a seat in the bar area; this location has a TON of high-top tables with plenty of big screen viewage available.

Totally dig their mini corn dogs and the soft pretzels, so we usually order them to start.  If there's still room, we'll do an order of boneless wings, typically with the hot sauce.  

Tap selection has been better; these days it leans more toward common domestics, which is a shame.  Not a single Lake Louie, Rush River, or Furthermore on tap.  (sniff)

Service has usually been excellent, especially in the bar area.  Friendly, attentive, and personable.  It's probably the #1 reason I've returned to this location.

And, families - please don't bring your screaming toddler to B-dubs on a Sunday night at 10:00pm.  It's not good for anyone, least of all your child.  Shouldn't they be in bed?!

BW3s gets 3 stars... 

Food = 3 stars
Value = 2.75 stars
Service = 4 stars
MISC = 3 stars

I wish they'd bring back the more WI-oriented tap selection and ban kids after 9:00pm...  WiFi is available but not very reliable.
5PM is not only Happy Hour, but it's children's hour.  Have a beer and bring your small children.  At least, that's my impression of the place.  The noise level is typically such that an excited kid or crying baby doesn't bother anybody.  

That's not to say it's a bad environment.  In fact, it's just the opposite.  It's a standard for watching a Thursday NFL Network game, a Brewers game airing on some obscure semi-private regional cable sports network, or bringing a couple of friends to play video trivia.  The 472* television screens make it possible to watch a lot of things at once glance.  

The food?  It's certainly not gourmet, but it's good and it's inexpensive.  The wraps are a favorite of mine, and of course you can't go wrong with Wing Tuesdays or Boneless Thursdays.  The hot sauces offer a lot of taste with the heat, and my observation is if you're picky about your heat, go one level lower than you get elsewhere.  In other words, their "Medium" would qualify as "Hot" most other places.  

The service has always been good for me here.  Some nights the food appears within just a few short minutes.  Even on nights I have had sub-par service, they have gone out of their way to make it right.  

It's a good mix of sports bar and family restaurant.  It's a good choice no matter the occasion, and the solid menu offerings make it a tasty outing.  

*Completely inaccurate guess.  Let's just say there's a lot of televisions.
GOOD LUCK, AND GOOD NIGHT.

I've been to a lot of BW3s before and sure it's an average chain restaurant, but wow does this location have some serious issues.  I hate writing bad reviews, I really try to only review places I like (which there are plenty of), but tonight on yelp I'm slamming down a second bad review and this place takes the cake.

I've been here probably 4-5 times, and the last 2 visits were just ridiculous.  The first time was for my fantasy football league.  The service was atrociously slow, with us waiting 20 minutes inbetween every waitress visit and 45 minutes for our "wings", the wireless connection was dropping constantly throughout the draft, they sat us right next to another fantasy league and both leagues could barely hear what anyone was saying, and the food was . . . well typical BW3s food which is to say not that great but fills your stomach I guess.  At the end of the draft, all of us vowed never to have it there again.

My last visit was probably one of the worst customer service experiences I've ever had aside from maybe someone "doing something" to the food.

We had a pretty big group; about 15 people, and were all meeting up to watch some playoff football games.  Our group was coming in sporadically over the course of about an hour, but I'd say about half of us put our food order in around the same time.  The waitress was an older lady and I could already tell by how slow the drink refills were coming to not expect much.  Shoot ahead a little bit and we're waiting a LONG time for our food.  Normally, I wouldn't care at a place like this on a day like this because we're watching football and laughing and all that good stuff.  But this was crazytown long wait.  The two friends of mine who showed up last (about 30-40 minutes after us) got their food before the rest of our group!  So at that point we knew something was up, we talk to our waitress when she finally comes back 15 minutes later, and she goes back "to check".  Another 15 minutes go by.  She is walking around helping other customers, trays of food are going out to every table but ours, and finally she comes over when we flag her.  She tells us she made a mistake and didn't punch in our orders but she's now taken care of it and the food should be out soon.

Another 30 minutes + go by.  I'm not joking.  She's come by maybe once to refill drinks and let us know casually that the food should be out soon.  Most of the time we see her walking around like we don't exist.  We flag her down and ask what's going on with the food.  She tells us she'll check.  15 minutes go by.  Finally, food comes out.  She doesn't know who's food goes where, and half the orders are missing.  We ordered stuff to go with our wings, it's not here.  She goes back and tells us it should be out soon.  20 minutes go by.  Finally, we get the rest.  Hell, it took us like 15 minutes to get DIPPING SAUCE that was supposed to come with our wings let alone the rest of the food.  Nary an apology or sign of sincerity.  I go over and talk to the manager and he immediately seems to be on the up-and-up about the situation.  He seems distraught and genuine, and says he'll take $50 off the food and hands me a stack of $5 off coupons.  

We're watching the game waiting for our checks.  Another 30 minutes go by.  I'm not making this stuff up folks.  Bills finally come out, comps are on it, food is all with the wrong people, we send the waitress back to get it figured out after we all write down for her what we all had.  15 minutes later, we get new bills, it's *mostly fixed but there are now no $$ comps like the manager said.  So we all throw in 2 of our $5 coupons.  20-30 minutes later we're finally able to pay as most of us are yawning and wondering if we're going to have to pitch a tent.  I was on the verge of a dine and ditch; something I'd never consider.  On the way out a few of the girls go talk to the manager again, and then relate that he was upset when he saw that we used the coupons and explained that the bill was correct even though 15 people saw that it was clearly wrong with full prices and no comps.   It turns out it was the waitresses third day, half of me felt bad, the other half was still disappointed that she didn't handle the situation better.  She didn't even make an attempt to be apologetic or act like she cared.  I only gave them any stars because they have big tvs, beer, and space.  I'm being generous. 

We got there at 5:15pm.  We left at 9:30pm.  DO.  NOT.  GO. HERE.
Very slow service(50 minute wait).  Did not get us kids menus.   Salad had brown lettuce.  

This is not a good place to take kids.
In college, we often visited the BW-3 (I am so old school, I remember what the last W stood for-Weck) on State St.  We would drink our beer, play trivia, and eat wings. Life was simple.   I was a fan.
Now, after 20 years, not so much.  Yes, I appreciate all the TVs in the place and sitting in the bar area guarantees that you will never miss a play but that is about it.
The beer offerings are commercial and boring. It is laughable that they consider Leinie's Honey Weiss a microbrew,
The wings are fine but I find they are getting smaller and smaller.  The sauces are fine.  The rest of the food is your basic "Open up a Sysco product and pour out the food" variety.  Overall, just myeah....pretty underwhelming.
Service is friendly and usually pretty efficient.
I will comment that I find this location brings out the d-bag factor more than other locations.  If you are 40, it is time for you to stop wearing your hat backwards.  Yes, you and 90% of the world's population are wearing a black North Face jacket.  You are neither cool nor trendy.....just stop trying so damn hard...
Awesome! We love it here. Of course it can be loud, but that's what it is -- a sports bar. Food always good, service always great. We went on Saturday to celebrate a gold medal I'd gotten, and Hayley (server) and Tony (manager) gave us a free dessert, unsolicited, just for choosing to celebrate with them. That was really sweet. They are kind, attentive, and this place is very clean, for the traffic that runs through here on a daily basis. Never have had a bad experience. Justin is a great server, as is Hayley.
I never expected much from this place, just a good, filling lunch with my husband.  We both - FOR HEALTH REASONS - do not eat red meat.  My husband has a long line of heart disease from drinking and red meat, so he doesn't eat red meat.  I do not eat it too to be healthy and to support him.  You'd be shocked at how many people make him feel like crap because he's a man who doesn't eat meat, regardless of the fact that his dad was on his death bed just last year from it until he was rushed a new heart.  

Anyway, getting back on topic....

I ordered the black bean burger and my husband ordered a different dish that was meatless as well.  This order was to go, as we had somewhere to be in an hour and a half.  When we got our food (the wait was fine) they read off the receipt, which I appreciated, while pointing at the boxes of food, then we left with our meal.

We got home (we don't live far) and started scarfing our food so we could leave in time.  After three bites of my meal I wondered to myself why it tasted so weird and why I felt nauseous.  I scraped off the sauce and took off the toppings to find they hid a meat patty.  Some people would be annoyed at this, but I haven't eaten meat for many years.  My body can't handle it.  So I was PISSED.  HOW the hell did they manage to put a meat burger in place of a black bean vegetarian burger?!

I immediately got back in my car with the remainder of my meal and drove right back to this place.  I went up to the girl WHO TOOK MY ORDER INITIALLY and told her that she messed up and gave me a meat burger not a vegetarian burger.  She looked at my receipt and said, "oh, I must have put it in as a black and blue burger instead of a black bean burger."  Did she apologize?  NO. She just looks at me and says, "do you want to talk to a manager?" I said of course I did, shocked that she didn't even care enough to apologize.  

The manager came out and, after I explained to her what happened, she was very shaken and went to the kitchen to tell them about the screw up.  But she never talked to the girl who messed up my order.  The kitchen didn't know because she typed in the wrong order!  

The manager came back to me with TWO $5 off gift cards.  Not ONCE did anyone offer to refund me for my meal, or even just the burger that I obviously wasn't finishing.  I had to fight for the refund for a few minutes before they agreed to it.  I was sick to my stomach from the meat for a few hours after, but thankfully it never came back up.  

This place does NOT give two craps about you or your food coming out right.  I will never go back.
The staff here never seems to know what beers are available.  Also, they    serve very few local beer.  I think their management could use some improvement.  
We go occasionally for the wing night specials and the food is typical of other Buffalo Wild Wings.
The service at this place sucks.

Look at the rest of the patrons' reviews.  Management here doesn't have a clue.
The service here is beyond terrible. The management needs to be fired. They have no clue how to run a franchise. Check out the other patrons' reviews. Avoid this mistake.

Also, my meal was cold. Thanks, assholes.
I don't visit this location very often; over the past year, I've been there 3-4 times. Most recent visit was for the Bears vs. Packers game on 11/4/13.

Pros:
+ Very large space, usually easy to find a table
+ Good happy hour specials (tall brews usually $4)
+ Serviceable selection of taps
+ Boneless wings are usually decent (depends largely on who's dressing them)
+ Surprisingly good salads - fresh, flavorful, healthy
+ Free wifi

Cons:
- Service is hit-or-miss. There have been GREAT servers and terrible ones... last night was great service
- New wings sold by weight is odd... 
- Pricey food
- Very, very, very loud 
- Parking is limited
- Too many kids, most of whom are toddler aged and screaming

So... for a commercial sports bar, it's not bad. Not usually my first choice, but you can do much worse.
Whenever I come to Buffalo wild wings its with a sporting team. Almost no other time. When we had a big group it took Forever! (When it finally came the parents stood up and clapped!) The multiple times we have done that. With a big group it is also really confusing. Mostly for the waiters. They confuse the people or the orders and it just takes a while. What I do like about it is the food. There burgers are great! The sauce is great. And the deserts are good as well. When there was only a couple of us there the service was fine and and the food was still great. I would recommend going here unless you have a big group.
7 of us went here for a friend's birthday tonight and had possibly my worst-ever dining experience. We arrived at 5:30, well before any would-be crowds, ordered, and then SAT THERE FOR OVER AN HOUR before they finally brought our food. We had kids in the group who were really hungry by that time. There were many empty tables around us, but a huge line at the door; I'm not sure why they weren't seating people. Anyway, when the food did arrive, it was cold and not good...for example, the wings with barbeque sauce had sat out so long all the sauce had been absorbed. The fries were old and cold. 

Our waitress did her best, and I don't blame her for the kitchen's shortcomings. When she came back after our food was served, she asked how it was and we were polite but honest. She asked if we'd like to talk to a manager, and we said yes. She came back minutes later to tell us it would be a while before the manager would get to us because in her exact words, "Surprise, there are several others waiting to talk to the manager as well..."

The place is very very loud, with far too many TVs, but I'd expect that from a sports bar (and sports bars aren't my kind of thing, so I'm not using these facts as any basis toward this 2-star review).

I'm giving it one extra star because the manager that we spoke to apologized and told us the meal was on him. Problem was, we did not come here for a free meal. We came for food we had heard was good. This was a very disappointing birthday for our friend.
Used to come a couple times a week; they're losing me. Today ordered chips/queso at the bar; comes out with about a third stale chips and lukewarm cheese.  Bartender takes it back, comes out better but still pretty lukewarm. Amount of chips was okay but not enough queso, took the chance and reordered and out comes the original problem again, you literally roll some of the chips they were so soggy on the bottom.  To compound the ridiculousness, I get charged 6.95 (something like that) twice when my recollection, in fact experience, was refills were only a buck or two. This store has deteriorated alot in the last year, I've heard it from ppl I work with who used to gotthere - and today's experience has shown them to be right.  Staff are nice but there are other places to go and BW3 doesn't seem to care.
This place can be a real crapshoot.

Somedays the wings are excellent and some days they come out horrible. 

More often than not the wings are above-average but that's not saying much. I wish I could give it more stars.
They have special discounts on wings on Wednesday. Not the best, but good for a grad student! :)
I prefer domino's over pizza hut for sure. Sometimes I crave it more than toppers. Its good for when you're feeling lazy and want some yummy pizza. Plus the parmesan bites are delicious.
CONSIDER YOURSELF WARNED!  I ordered my pizza at 11:35 am, did not arrive until 12:35 pm.  Where I work is downtown/campus area.  My co-worker and I ordered the artisan pizza with spinach, feta and onions.  I noticed on the Tracker (on the Dominos website) that the pizza had been sitting under Quality Check for more than 20 minutes.  I called and the girl who answered the phone gave me an uncomfortable laugh and stated they were 'busy' or words to that effect.  

When the pizza finally arrived, the guy showed up with a pile of pizzas including mine.  He didn't smile and just said 'have a nice day' in a very montone voice.  When I got back to my desk and opened the box...the pizza was stone cold folks!  Thank goodness the pizza was half priced or otherwise I would have been on the phone to whatever manager runs the place.  NOT HAPPY!

Dominos, you need to not only have your place properly staffed on a Friday, but definitely staffed properly when there are half priced specials going on!  You cannot allow pizzas to just sit there until the one, lone guy shows up and grabs a dozen pizzas trying to deliver all of them within a short period of time.  NOT GOOD BUSINESS!  Thumbs down Dominos.  There are too many other places around here who deliver in a timely fashion and offer a much better product.

I will NOT be ordering from this Dominos again.  You have lost mine and my co-workers future business and we will not hesitate to inform others (as this yelp review attests to) NOT to order from this establishment.

One ticked off middle-aged woman who just wanted to eat a pizza...geesh.

Editors Note:  I did call a back from someone in Milwaukee (or the area) in regards to my bad experience.  She sent me a certificate for a free pizza.  I do appreciate the gesture, and I am hoping the next time I order I will be wowwed.
I've passed by this place for years.  I'm always looking for a good quick bite on the east side, and finally stopped there tonight.

This is not typical fast food, it is not typical fried food - - though it IS fried food - - but it is still real revelation.   This is super tasty short-order food,  well conceived, well prepared.    Ordered a $9.95 catfish & shrimp dinner for take out, and the first great indicator was that although there were only one or two others there, it took them maybe 15 or 20 minutes for this simple order.    That's because it wasn't just scraped up out of a trough - - the product was carefully prepared.   The catfish had bones so you had to be careful where you bit,  but was beautifully crusted on the outside, and flaky/tender on the inside;  the shrimp were the plumpest, most succulent, most flavorful things that I have experience under the rubric of "shrimp" in memory, perhaps ever.   This is CLEARLY an establishment (I avoided it in the past because it looked chain-like, and didn't fit any stereotyped standards, and it IS kind of a chain) that actually produces thoughtful, carefully/systematically prepared product (fried product, I admit) of rare QUALITY (it appears to appeal to a certain ethnic stratum - - one that DEFINITELY knows what great food is!).   It puts the rest of take-out civilizatiton to shame, and it is great to have a place like this on the east-sider radar that can  offer things 12-shades of tasty at very good prices with very rare dedication to righteous ingredients prepared with great attention to (o.k., it is fried food - - but wow!)  detail.
There's fried fish like Long John Silver's and then there's places like Jj's, the fried chicken is the closest your going to find to Brown's outside of Schaumburg. Or Chicagoland period for that matter. Just try to avoid the rush times unless congested waiting in the Ghetto's of Madison is a perk or bonus for you - this place is small and is located in Madison's fashionable East side Red Letter News porno palace/Car title loan & urban wear District. Mostly a food-court gangsta paradise, but scary to the 92% townies turned cultured Emo kids that populate the Ithsmus.

I'm out.

 Peace.
Had the perch and my partner had the catfish. Both were cooked perfectly I love the place. I wasn't expecting much from a strip mall fish place but damn it was good!
It has been how many Saturdays that probably they are so busy , they hang up the phone and when we went there to order, the sales person said it was because he was busy. Maybe they don't want customers anymore? Ordered chicken at Glass Nickel after that.
Hot Hooters! Need I say more? I'd come here any day over the ones in NYC.
The girls here are great, and fun to talk to if you're not creepy or hitting on them!!!  Love the wings, I come with friends every now and then and have a great time.
I absolutely love this Hooters,  Every time I come in with my husband and teenaged son, the waitresses are always so pleasant and helpful.  I love their parmesan chicken wings so I keep going back for more.

Anyone saying that this place is demeaning to women, I say this. No one is forcing you to go here.   Nobody is forcing these girls to work here.  I am sure that these girls make nice tips as they are so friendly to the customers.  I wish a lot of other restaurants in Madison had waitresses half as friendly as the Hooters' girls.

Excellent location just off I-90.  Food has always been good.  It's not gourmet but good for bar food.
Ask for Alhena.  She is an experienced Hostess for Hooters and is a great representation of the chain.
Bill the manager was making sure every customer was happy.

Service.   5
Food quality.   5
manager.   5
This one rounds out my selection of pizza shops in Laveen.  They all get one star, although I think I will now go back and modify my rating of Duner's, which is the only locally owned place for za nearby, to reflect that it's at least better than Domino's, Pizza Hut, and Little Ceasar's.  The only redeeming quality about Domino's is the ease of ordering and delivery.  Thank goodness I won't have to change out of my snuggy to get pizza at home!
Honestly, I used to HATE Dominos. Their pizza used to be complete and utter crap. Then they went through that little revamping stage (you remember the commercials) and good lord, they've turned themselves around. The pizza is not my favorite delivery pizza in the valley. 

They've begun using good quality ingredients, and my favorite part; the crust is brushed wityh butter and has garlic and spices sprinkled over. I adore Dominos now, they've won me over after a long hiatus of hating them by finally producing a superb pizza.
Don't get the wings. They are gross. Pizza is pretty good as well as the chicken pasta. Delivery is fast.
Domino's has improved dramatically over the past couple of years.  The Handmade pan pizza is really at or near the top of the pizza chain pyramid.  I agree the wings need some work, but the stuffed cheezy bread is a great side.
Their hand tossed pizza is out of this world.  I love it but unless you get double on the toppings they're too sparce.  This time I had double on the tomato.  I was very surprised that they used a roma tomato and was very happy.  I'd order again without hesitation.
The atmosphere is a little...  cramped.  And the layout is awkward in general.  And I have to be honest the logo doesn't excite me.

But food is the important thing, so let's get to that.  Me had some Southwest Chicken Sandwich with some sweet potato fries.  And they were decadent.

And the portions were large!  I am a pretty decently sized guy and that sandwich was pretty big.  And the sweet potato fries lived up to my expectations.

I don't always give five stars, but suffice it to say, this place motivated me into writing Yelp reviews again.
Ahh. chicken wings. The low carb dieters best friend! Tasty, indulgent and very low carb - what else could you ask for? We've hit up BW3 quite a few times lately, but my husband was getting fed up with the tiny little wings and tough meat. Oh and you know how sometimes you get the "mini chicken leg" looking pieces and sometimes you get those flat pieces? I like the little legs and at BW3 in an order of 24 we were getting like 3 mini legs - WTF! In search of a better wing in Henderson, we tried this place. 

Prices were pretty comparable with BW3. $20ish for an order of 24 wings with 3 different sauces. I did enjoy the variety in their menu, however -burgers, cheese steaks, etc. Something to keep in mind for later. The place was small-ish (definitely wouldn't do dine in!), but was great for take out. 

We get the wings home and WOW! Huge wings. I can normally put away 12 wings at BW3, I had trouble finishing 8 wings from here. So meaty and tender and delicious. Great list of sauces, too. 
Mild - this was simply Frank's red hot out of the bottle. Use this to gauge if you need to step it up to medium, or stick with mild. 
Garlic parm - OMG so much better than the garlic parm at BW3! So tasty and coated in parm! yum! 
Sweet BBQ - husband enjoyed this, although they were a bit over sauced.

I think we've officially found our go-to wing place in Henderson. Huge succulent wings! Tasty sauces! No more mini wings at BW3 for us (ok except for mb on Tuesday or something when they discount em) .
I am not sure out you can rate this place less than 4 stars. Honestly, who cares if this place has 6 tables or no tables, it's all about the food right?

I had this place for the first time on Monday. I have to say that the wings were really good! This place ranks next to Wingstop, not saying this place is better or worse but is just as good! Honestly, it's better than BWW!

As for on review said the medium was hot to some people, he is right but its a finger licking hot! The ranch dressing has a great taste as well. The hot is really hot! It has crushed red peppers in it. The food selection is like BWW but the differance is that everything is made to order - BWW cooks all their wings at once and places them in a wraming oven. 

If you are going for the wings, make sure you tell them it's your first time so they can tell you about the 10+ differant sauces. 

If you live in the Green Valley/Henderson area, I suggest you try this place and stay away from BBW unless you are going with a big group of people. I will be back at this place soon for more wings.

So far, here are my top wing places:
1) Wingstop (Trop/Decatur)
2) Wing Grill and Cafe (Wingwam/Pecos)
3) Remadys (St. Rose/Seven Hills) - Get the hot!
Place is small with seating for 14. Menu is large and extensive. The portions are big... The food is good... Only problem... No soda fountain... Gotta buy soda, snapple, water in bottles... Overall... It's excellent...
Best wings in town, the wraps are awesome. Mark my words this place will grow and become famous. Five stars
Hot Buffalo Garlic Wings and a basket of curly fries Made my night here yesterday.

This is the second time I had wings here.  The first time, we stumbled on this place on accident too, but they were so good that we came back for more.  

My all time favorite has always been wing stop's lemon pepper wings and a basket of fries, but since it is a bit far, I haven't had any for a while.  BWW is close, but they don't have lemon pepper wings.  This place doesn't have the lemon pepper either, but made me like the hot buffalo garlic sauce!  

We always get the deal where you can chose between 12 wings or 8 tenders, fries or onion rings, and a drink.

We (two of us) get the 12 wings, curly fries (added $1), and a drink...all for 11.95 (12.95), and still had fries left.

Like other have said, it's a tiny place, but it felt homey.  The lady owner is super nice.  I definitely recommend!
I would have rated this a four but the customer service was outstanding. Its nice to go to a place were they make you feel like your business is truly appreciated.

I had a buffalo chicken wrap which was delicious and surprisingly massive. I think it could use a bit more buffalo sauce and then it would be perfect.

I cant speak for  the wings yet but from the other reviews, if you live on hot wings and are looking for the best wings in las Vegas, i guess their not here but if your looking for a vast selection of good food with large portions at a good price this is it.
I ordered a chicken caesar wrap and wrap as long as my arm came out. AWESOME! It better be big for the $7.95 that I paid with out fries or a drink. Customer Service was great!!

Only one suggestion, they should have more lunch specials, or specials in general that include chips/fries and a drink. Buying each item seperate can be expensive!

If you're going to take out, order over the phone first. The wait is about 10-15 mins after order.
Yummy! Great service family restaurant...and they are open again!!
I have never submitted a review for any place, but because of my recent experience I have signed up to write this review.  I used to LOVE this place, it quickly became my favorite place to eat over the last few months; however things quickly changed today.  There is a new cook, and a new girl taking orders at the front counter.  Me and 5 co-workers ordered 20 minutes ahead of time over the phone.  When we arrived we waited 15+ minutes before the lady acknowledged we were there.  The lady hardly spoke english at all.  Some of my friends had meat that was as close to RAW as you can get, and the food I usually get was terrible, cold, and small portions.  One of my friends with us ordered chicken wings, and they completely forgot to cook those wings and told us we needed to wait another 10 minutes to cook the wings.  No apologies for the wait or forgetting to cook some of the order, nothing friendly at all.  This should be basic customer service.  We were told the previous managers/workers were no longer with the company.  We met some other former "regulars" in the store and they were also complaining of the food and service because it was terrible.  This was by far my favorite place to eat until now, I don't plan on ever going back.

Update:  This is where terrible service gets you, this place is now CLOSED!!!
This review is solely based on the wings. I haven't tried anything else on the menu here yet.

We ordered the wings in three different sauces - sweet & spicy, buffalo, and garlic buffalo. It was, admittedly, a challenge ordering. There was definitely a language barrier, as well as an unfamiliarity with standard wing lingo (i.e. wet).

The breading on the wings basically ruined them entirely. It was all way too soggy. After eating a couple, they literally became inedible. However, the sauces were pretty solid. The garlic buffalo was my favorite. The regular buffalo was my least favorite. I appreciated that with each sauce, you can choose mild, medium, or hot. For example, we ordered sweet & spicy medium, buffalo hot, and garlic buffalo medium. And I liked that the medium was actually medium (if not even hot). If you don't like things spicy, definitely stick to mild only here.

But alas, it didn't matter how much I liked the sauces if I couldn't stand the wings. The sauces were good enough, though, that I would come back to try some of the other menu items that sound tasty. However, I also have to take off points for the ranch and blue cheese dipping sauces. They were downright awful. So bad that I couldn't even bare to dip the bad wings in them.
I didn't like their customer service.  I called in to ask whether they had a TV for customers to watch if the customers decide to eat in.  The lady heard the word "TV" and said I called the wrong number and hung up.  


Called back again, and as soon as she heard my voice, she hung up.  Is this the kind of service you want?  I won't be going back there.
This is a review of the wings; there are a lot of other items on the menu to try.  I got the 8 wings/fries combo plate and a Coke for about $10.  I found the wings tough and dry, even with the sweet BBQ sauce.  A much better alternative is The Chicken Shack (and I intend on visiting Buffalo Wild Wings soon).  The sad part is that it was completely empty on a Saturday afternoon (probably in part because there was no A/C), and everybody kept passing this place up in favor of Teriyaki Madness, right next door.  I think the reason for the poor business is the location...it's tucked away in the corner of a shopping center where the main attraction is a 24-Hour Fitness...obviously those types of people aren't going to get their jollies throwing away all their hard work on chicken wings.  Oh well.
I am mad that ha had to give this place even 1 star. See the old reviews were pretty good then the newer reviews are mostly bad. This place changed ownership and the new management is rude. The food isnt the same. Its very bad actually. I used to call in and order take out when I was in town about 2-3 times per week. I called right after they changed hands. The woman on the phone said she didnt know what I was talking about and hung up on me. I was confused. I went there and figured there was a miscommunication but it was all new staff. I ordered any way. The food was different. I was treated like I was not welcome. I thought I would complain to the new owner. I was dealing with the new owner all along! DONT GO HERE. Their food isnt fit for dogs and they have such bad attitudes.
Every time I call I always get the recorder. They seem to never be open. It is right now 4:45 in the afternoon and they do not answer the phone to place an order. I'm not sure they really are a company. How can you eat there if they don't answer the phone?
DISCLAIMER GLENDALE ADD IS NOT CORRECT** i sent a req to Yelp to fix it so until it changes over to 2050 W. GUADALUPE RD
MESA, AZ 85202
just ignore the Glendale add**

on to the review...
 they dont open till Noon on Sundays and not till1pm on weekdays i believe..which i think is a little late, they could probably get more of a crowd if they opened a little bit earlier buuttt i dont own the place so wth am I ?? Outside it can be deceiving but inside it is a very large restaurant. They have two dining areas, a bar area, and dance floors as well. Speakers all over the place also. Apparently on Fridays 10-4am it is going to be a little club atmosphere with food ?? They have brunch on Sundays with complimentary mimosas( we were the only ones in the whole place till we left so we finished damn near a whole pitcher ... don't judge us :) we ordered fried okra, mac n cheese, rice n beans a breast and waffle dish and a 3 piece thigh and waffle dish. The okra was great, the beans and rice were pretty blah and sadly the mac n cheese was just mediocre.(i am a mac n cheese whore so i think i have a hand up in that category and it just did not tantalize my taste buds). Lover got the thighs and he liked my breast more (i totally could take that sentence to a different topic but im staying on food). The waffles were pretty good.  

Now i am a girl who loves Roscoe's as well as LoLo's and i might have to give Julie's another chance to see if really match up. Julies is much closer to my house and would love to have a place like this that i loved but im not in love just yet. You know if i ever fell if i change my 3 star rating.
Dining out is about more than just the food! 

Took a 20 min. drive to try this restaurant because I had a coupon, and wanted to see what chicken and waffles was all about. We went early Sunday, about 5pm and were the only patrons in the place. There are two doors to enter-the first gets you into a vestibule which, sadly, set the tone for our experience. There was some construction related materials (bucket and cords) just laying there! Really! Why would you leave those there? We were taken to a window seat with a view of the parking lot in one direction and behind us a hallway to the kitchen with a trash can and a vacuum cleaner sitting there in full view. Wall, table and room decor is non-existent. Do they just not see what their customers are seeing?

We ordered the chicken breast and waffle and enjoyed both. The chicken was nicely seasoned, nice and crisp on the outside and moist on the inside, not at all greasy, and was a good sized portion. The waffle was good too. Our side of greens was okay-not much flavor and floating in a lot of water.

The service was very attentive, and our server showed us around the rest of the restaurant where they have a bar and showroom-they bring in comedians, musicians and a DJ on selected nights. It looks to have a great layout for shows.

When I have guests in my home for dinner, the very least I do is clean up! Julie's ought top do the same, and while they are at it, add a little decor to make the experience more inviting.
Can't really give a review on the food because they were out of chicken! Went there on a Monday night, not very late, and they had only 1 piece of white meat chicken left, no chicken strips, and a few of the spicy chicken pieces left (we didn't want spicy).

The staff wasn't overly friendly... Not rude, just not real friendly.
Great service at the Drive Thru...
I went against my better judgement and did something I said I'd never do again...I stopped at Church's chicken for dinner. Huge mistake. So the chicken wasn't THAT bad, but the sides made me want to slap them with a lawsuit for cruel and unusual punishment. I got mashed potatoes and some yellow goop they called macaroni and cheese. There's only been 2 times in my life where I couldn't eat some Mac and Cheese...the first time was in 2008 when I had Mexican Macaroni and Cheese from an MRE (I still have nightmares) and this garbage they served me was the second time. They ought to be ashamed of themselves.
This place was good, I mean I knew it was gonna be greasy fried chicken, but it was juicy! Coleslaw was good and mashed potatoes and gravy was like KFC. Biscuits had a honey glaze on the top, they were good. Overall, its fast food, customer service made me give them 4 stars!
I had a pregnant craving for fried chicken. My family owns a KFC so I absolutely did NOT want KFC. I went to Church's around twenty minutes ago and couldn't be happier. The girl who took my order was extremely friendly and that put a smile on my face before I even pulled up to the window. The boy working the window was just as pleasant! Very talkative and so polite. Not to mention, the food is fresh and tasty!!! This is going to be my new fried chicken stop for the next few months while having these cravings!!!
I give this a 3 stars, because if your ordering Domino's, you know what your not getting a great pizza, your getting fast food delivered cheap. And at $7.99 a medium, with extra meat and such added while ordering online and no added charges, it's good for what it is. The pizza was fresh and fast, the people polite, the choice to no longer offer Parmesan cheese was irritating since we are moving and even our fake cheese was packed. No plates was a blech as well. I do like the thin crust and the Cheese Steak ( for what they are mind you, Would I rather Grimaldi's? heck yeah, but this is the McDonald's of pizza, and The Bride didn't want to order Chinese) The most you can realistically hope for is inexpensive pleasant mediocrity, which is what was delivered, and every time I have needed to order there, it's been consistent. So my experience is, good store team, company focused on the bottom line. I'd rather have cheap asian myself, but if this is the price of marriage, so be it.
Always great quality and delivery service. Really happy so far:)
Customer service here blows! I order online so there shouldn't be any confusion about my order. I open the box for my cinnamon sticks and there is RANCH for dipping?? I call the store and he offers to bring what I actually ordered but prefers to credit it from the order.... Uhhhh that should be credited and you still need to bring me what I ordered! Really Really disappointed in pizza delivery lately! Especially since your stupid tip was 30%!
Man I love me some wings! Plus, I never knew how great Wingstop was until I moved out here to AZ. 

I think the reason why I really love this place is for their selection. I enjoy the traditional hot flavor, but I'm also a huge fan of the lemon pepper and garlic parmesan. When my buddies and I come here, we always get the family meal, which comes with a GRIP of food for only about $28. 

You get 35 wings (your choice of flavors), two large sides (we always just get double orders of fries), carrots/celery and 2 sides of ranch. And believe me, it's enough to FILL YOU UP!
First time eating at Wingstop and i have to say it was great. 

About 6 choices in wing flavors and few options on the sides. 

Tried the family meal that came with 50 wings, sides and drinks, had traditional wings (bone in) to the boneless options, and they all tasted good, the flavors we ordered were Teriyaki, Mild and Parmesan Garlic. 

Endless drink refills. 

Staff was cool, let us change the channel on the TV. to let us watch college football and they did not mind at all. 

Awesome Grub.
Not bad, I've had better, but their customer service is awesome. Would return just to be treated so well!
Food is the same as at every Wingstop in America, but that's not a bad thing - consistency is nice in a chain location.  That said, the highlight of this Wingstop is the service! I was amazed at how friendly and willing to help the staff were. By far better than many sit down restaurants I have been to. Go here and eat in just for the wonderful service.
Customer service rocks! But sadly their wings are pretty bad.
When you first walk into Wingstop, you are not slammed with the smell of chicken grease like most fast food places. Instead , you are enveloped with the savory smell of spices with a hint of garlic. The prices are very reasonable, and if you don't order ahead, you can bide your time with all of the old airplane memorabilia ( they have everything there from a real wooden prop to an actual fighter wing ie., Wing-Stop) which is quite extensive. A very pleasant all around  experience... I keep coming back!
So far this is my go-to wing place in Phoenix.. The lemon pepper wings are the best!! And their blue cheese is so good, you can buy it by the pound. I like to get take out, have not eaten inside yet.
Had the parmesan garlic and teriyaki wings and they where really good.  A nice and clean wing joint. Just don't be in a hurry, takes awhile to get your food.
The name of this business says it all.  Yes they have wings both bone-in and boneless along with strips.  While the dining area is tiny the flavor is huge here.  Their customer service is over the top along with the wing flavors (mango habanero is my flavor)!  Unless you are planning to dine in you should consider calling your order in to save yourself a wait.  Orders normally take 9 minutes to prepare and once they have multiple orders in at one time it will add time to your order.  Calling in is important during huge sporting events.
To be honest, I mainly only come to Wingstop on Mondays and Tuesdays because of their 60 cents boneless wings. Wingstop is a delicious food place, but I'm a cheap person who loves deals so... Yeah!

I've tried the original hot and lemon pepper boneless wings. They're seriously amazing. If you haven't tried them, well.. You need to. I intend on trying all the flavors. I have a long way to go though. Heads up, the original hot flavor was too hot for me and I love spicy foods. I'm afraid that I won't be able to handle the other spicier flavors haha. I still want to try them.. Anyways, their seasoned idaho potato fries are the bomb. Those fries are another reason why I love going to Wingstop. 

If everyday was Monday and Tuesday, let's just say I'd be here everyday. 

Wingstop is the best!
The Native is pretty good. Good beer selection though it is mostly dominated by domestic light beers. The wings are legit. Try the honey hot and if you're feeling a little crazy...get the suicide wings! They'll light you up!!!

Service is alright. Nothing too special here. They're a little expensive for what you get. For two of us at lunch, our bill was $32. Thats pretty steep for lunch.
Let me first say, I have never had anything here but wings and curly fries with cheese so I can't comment on anything else. The service is usually friendly, The fries and wings are the best bar food I have found. There is a large variety of sauces for the wings, and always lots of cheese on the fries! great bar food! the televisions always have the games on also which is a plus and you can always see several tv's from wherever you sit.
Okay I am not a sports fan at all and even though this restaurant caters to that crowd I still love it for one reason...their wings! This is by far my favorite place to get Buffalo wings, plus they have a bunch of different kinds to choose from! I have had a few other items on the menu like the Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich which was also very good, but nothing makes me happier than getting a dozen spicy honey mustard wings and some curly fries! Bonus points to the staff who are always friendly and efficient.
Dear nothin'-native about New York. You suck.
Your pizza is gross and never thoroughly cooked (ie: the crust is doughy and thin), your chicken" strippers" are the size of a baby's thumb...(true story, I totally compared on a 6month old.)
Oh.... and did I mention the servers have a terrible attitude, and everything and anything is over-priced.
I ordered fried zucchini once (for 6 dollars) and I received 6 nickel-sized soggy things. Really? I could have gone to Carl's Jr's 4 times and been more satisfied, and I don't even like fast-food.
Heed my warnings; this place is a total waste.
The only thing that is vaugly redeeming is the trivia game system, however; Buffalo Wild Wings has the same thing and you wont feel robbed after leaving.
Wow, I've never met a more friendly hostess. I wonder if she was the owner. I needed a relatively quick lunch and had the a club sandwich. My partner and I were amazed at the attentiveness of the staff. I'll be back next time I am in the area!
This is one of our normal haunts for lunch when we're out running errands on a Saturday.  We always eat in the bar area to avoid the children.  The atmosphere in the bar area is dark and cozy with lots of TV screens to watch your favorite sports teams.  They have a variety of seating options, the bar, high-top tables, booths, and an outdoor patio.  The food is consistently good and they have a great selection of beer, including Guinness.  I've tried a variety of menu items and have never had a bad meal.  I love the Apple Walnut salad that includes pecans and strawberries as well.  My husband likes the Torpedo and Calzone.  The wait staff (Darby, Heather, and James) are always friendly and attentive.
I have been to this NNYr three times and each time has been a pleasant experience. Their wing selection is good and their "hot" sauce is probably our favorite compared to the other wing giants. Beer selection could be better and they need to get it on the menu because I would rather peruse it than hear the server rattle off 20 choices.

We had the fried zucchini and spin dip for apps and both were excellent.

Since switching to a plant based diet(I'll still eat meat): They don't have many vegetarian options other than salads, fried veggies, and a veggie calzone. I opted for the buffalo fish sliders, which were a crispy, tasty treat. I did have a bite of my wife's hot strippers and it was really good. My daughter and I each tried one of their suicide wings, which were a little hotter than "hot", but not by much. 

Service has been good to excellent each time I have gone - much better than BWW.
Previous experience has not been the best in the past, but I must say food, service, and price was awesome tonight!

The 1/2 version of cookie is awesome  and is a MUST!
We've been here several times with our kids and grandkids.  It's a good family spot, but the service is just okay.  We love the fresh chips, and the wings are good.  Salads are 'meh'.  We'll come again because it's a good spot for the kids, but we'll come expecting not great service.
Love my Native!!! My favorite place to come for happy hour or to have a pint after a round of golf. The staff is super cool and so is the management. I've known some of the staff for years and some even longer than that from other Natives. They're the reason I frequent this place. Thanks everyone!
Excellent food and service. The pizza crust is the best around.
I really want to like this Native New Yorker as it is close to my house.  I have been to various locations around the Valley and generally enjoy the food and atmosphere.  This location though is woefully inconsistent in both food quality and service.

Since this location has been open I have been disappointed that one week food quality is great but then the next time food is either under or over cooked.  Specifically the Chicken Wings, it's a roll of the dice wether your wings will be undercooked and slimy or overlooked and dry. The wait staff tells me this is one of the biggest complaints they get.  Unfortunately after years of complaints management can't seen to get it right.

Look elsewhere if you want good quality Chicken Wings (Wingstop #1, Buffalo Wild Wings #2) or any other Native New Yorker.
This location always provides great food and service. They have specials on wings on Tuesday nights and they have $5 off coupons in the news papers which is great. The reuben sandwich was fantastic. Really full of meat and sauce. A nice change from wings which is what I usually have. Server was great. Always present and asking if we needed anything and got us drink refills quickly without having to be asked.
We like the food but our concerned about the "ToGo" area where you pick up your food. Very dingy an dirty. There is no sign on the  to go door. Inside this closet of a room, what was strange was there was a bucket of celery sitting behind the counter in water.  Paint is peeling and floor and baseboards are dirty. 

The bar staff is ok but can be slow at times especially at night.
Philly cheese steak was loaded and delicious.  My dining partner loved the strawberry hot wings.  Very attentive service..One of my favorite places.
Good wings. Great happy hour. Pizzas hit or miss.
Ordered to-go tonight.  I asked the guy if he could mix the suicide sauce and honey garlic sauce for me for the wings. He said that he could not do that.  I find this odd having worked at a restaurant before and this is something that is completely doable.  Furthermore, I have been to other native NY'ers and this was never a problem.  Basically, it just comes down to not really caring about pleasing the customer.  

When I showed up, I got the impression that the place was disorganized.  I remember asking to get BC instead of ranch, so he walked back into the kitchen to get me that, but came out empty handed.  Then a minute later some other guy comes out with it.  Whatever system they have to keep the orders straight and what needs to come out next for their separate take out window seems to lack.
Always been happy with this one. Great chipswith blue cheese. great reubens too.
You know when you're feeling hungry and somebody mentions food, then all the sudden you have to have it? Wing night at Native, and the oh please look from my son and off we went. Tuesday night is 49 cent wing night, and it was worth it! We started the night with an appetizer, Asian flat bread, perfect starter, like a little Asian pizza. The same son of mine who gave the wing please look decided he wanted a bacon cheese burger, yes he got it, almost put him in a food coma! I stuck with the wings, unlike like some other places that make you order so many of one kind or another, Connor told me I could order one of each if I so chose to and they don't charge for ranch like other places either! I ordered 5 flavors, I enjoy a little variety, and he brought them all on seperate plates with their own ranch! My little girl asked for a cherry coke and since it wasn't on the menu Connor had one made up for her, that's good service, Connor you Rock! We had a great night and it didn't break this Mama's bank to do it! We'll definitely go back, those Spicy Honey Mustard, Honey Hot,Asian garlic, Mandarin Orange and oh yes and the Salt & Pepper wings are calling my name!
Awesome pizza, awesome atmosphere, great prices. This would be a five star if they would figure out when their specials are. I call in to find out because I forget when the 6.99 large pizza is and I am always told "not tonight". A couple of times we have went in anyway and sure enough they 6.99 large pizza was the first thing offered. All the employees should probably be on the same page with this as they are probably losing walk ins from the lack of communication. Outside of that, we will be back again and again and again.
This place has gone downhill over the past year or so.  I was really disappointed with the service and quality of the food.  I would rather go to BWW for good wings.  Waited forever for beer.  Used to be a great after work stop, now not so much.
Cant go wrong with the wings or pizza, but the flatbread pizza was amazing!
Food and service deteriorating.  Fish Sliders buns were crusty and hard, fish patty was singed and the sauce was a small dollop haphazardly placed on the bun.  Becoming discouraged with this place.
i've had a big issue with their tuesday night 'wing' night prices going up so now i just go whenever i want wings since they are basically the same price as the rest of the week and usually better then too. they added a new flavor of wings 'Salt and Vinegar'! i tried and i liked! then i had a hankering for dessert so i tried the Bacon Fried sundae...yes it is BACON and ice cream! maple syrup covered then deep fried, in a cup of french vanilla ice cream...YUM!
Food is so-so. Not family friendly.
This is a fall back location for Chicken Wings. 

I have always liked this location but I am finding myself searching for other options recently.
 
Usually like Chicken Wings and Salads. Salads seem to be getting less enjoyable. And wings seem to be smothered in sauces lately.  

It is not that I won't visit anymore.  There are two many locations in town not to go once in a while. But I am searching for a better go-to place for wings..
Ordered food to go. Was asked to exit the building and walk around to the back to order food to go. Found a really dingy small room with a cash register and cashier. Cashier was nice and food took about 20 minutes to get. We ordered wings and chicken alfredo. The chicken alfredo was very bland . Pizza huts is better tasting in my opinion. The wings were breaded and soggy/spongy. Very salty and  i not order again. I used to go to the native on dobson and guad and never had issues with the food. It is amazing how different they can be with different owners.
The food was not bad and the service was pretty good but they had the worst draft beer selection in the valley. If you are coming here for the booze and karaoke do yourself and go somewhere else. The beer selection is seriously lacking compared  to the surrounding bars/restaurants.
Tried a pickup of some food other than pizza n wings... Philly Steak Sandwich and Club Sandwich, It was HORRIBLE looks and tastes like it was made yesterday. Old hard bread, old yesterday's bacon and fries that had been under the heater also since yesterday. $20 bucks now in the garbage can..and still hungry! Won't b back.
I don't think I have ever been to a Native New Yorker before. I have seen them everywhere but never actually went inside. Definitely never been to this neck of the woods.
My girlfriend wanted to meet on her side of town and said this place had great wings. How could I turn it down. Good thing I was a little early because I accidentally walked into a different New York place and didn't realize it until after I had checked in, was seated and looking at the menu. Oops. Quick exit and over to the correct New York place on the other side of the same parking lot.
I was seating right away and started looking at the menu. There was a pretty big wing selection. Now I am definitely in the right place. My girlfriend arrived and we ordered some loaded French fries and a dozen wings each. She got all medium and I got half medium and half honey bbq.
The food came out pretty quick. The fries were really good. Lots of cheese and bacon. We ordered some ranch on the side for dipping. Nice a crisp fries. Very good. Now to try these famous wings. They were really good. Coated in sauce. Both favors were very good. Just the right amount of kick to the medium and the sweet bbq taste was a good switch. Lots of meat on the wings too. Cooked just right. Sure it was messy but that is the point.
I will definitely be coming back here. I don't know if I can get by the wings and try other things on the menu but we will see. They get bonus points for having Kilt Lifter on tap.
I AM A NATIVE NEW YORKER...and I think this place should be ASHAMED of themselves! Got pizza and traditional wings...total crap!  WHO BREADS THEIR WINGS???!!  S.T.O.P.!  Got them "hot"...bluck. Pizza was cardboard.  They need to change their name, cuz they're a disgrace to New York quality pizza and wings.
The main reason I give 5 stars is for the wings. They have so many flavors and I have tried them all because they don't mind bringing you a single wing all by itself! It's awesome. I love the strawberry hot, and the honey mustard is nice too. Not to keen on the Asian flavors though, they basically taste like soy sauce. I like to get the medium with side of hot sauce. The wings are always so nice as crisp. The warm bacon salad is good too, and you can't go wrong with cheese fries (if they are not on the menu just ask for it). I go here to see the game when it is not on regular cable (Go Bears!) and they will try their best to put you where you can see the game you want. I like the atmosphere here because I can take my wife without her feeling like it is some sporty pick-up joint. Nice place to bring the family.
Love, Love , Love the wings.  Had a burger there long ago and didn't care for it so never went back.  Heard the wings there were great to went for the wings and go every chance we get.  My husband loves them.  We always get extra so we can have some for lunch the next day.  Great variety, but I just like asseago parmesan and medium cause I'm kind of a wimp but my husband says the honey hot and mandarin ones are great.  Their pizza looks good, too but have never tried it cause I loooove the wings. If you want a good burger, go to a burger joint, but if you want some kick a$$ wings, this is the place.
I am a Native New Yorker (Buffalo, NY) and was pleased to see a true Buffalo original, Beef on Weck.  This a very simple sandwich to make, I was very skeptical at first, but I ate and was not disappointed.  You can order a beef like sandwich anywhere, however when combined with a salted kummelweck roll stacked with slow roasted beef and dipped in aujus, its a sandwich of pure manliness that goes with any beer.  In AZ, this sandwich is the closest thing I'll get to tailgating at the Ralph on a cool fall day without actually being there.  

I also ordered wings and I thought the wing itself was good but the Medium sauce was too bitter and left a tangy aftertaste.  Medium sauce for chicken wings should not taste like this, they did apply the proper amount to the wing which is a plus.  Why is this important?  Too much sauce makes sloppy eating, but its your preference in the end.  One thing I really did like was the multiple sauce options for wings, theres something for everyone.  

Service was fair, relatively quick and friendly, nothing out of the ordinary.  Nice TV's and environment for casual food.  

Final note, this a good establishment for corporate wings.  The prices are fair and I love that they offer various style wing specials M-W depending on the day.  Not too many establishments do this.  Don't believe me, check out Buffalo Wild Wings and their prices.  Compared hand down, Native New Yorker is the best.  Because I am from NY, I cannot in good faith give Native New Yorker 5 stars, I wish I could give it 4.5 stars, the .5 star is the beef on weck, try it, you'll love it.
I've been going to native new yorker for 30 years.  Although the wings used to be better back in the day, this place still has excellent wings.
Service was good, Food Fair, price is good. Nothing really caught me and made me say yeah I want to come back here. I can get wings I can get pizza I can get sandwiches at a lot of other places too. Nothing stood out.
I hate to give bad reviews, but I just can't seem to have an enjoyable experience at this place.  Great spot to stop for a quick beer, but other than that the food isn't good, the service is very sub par, and the bar area is to small and crowded. Some renovations might do this place some justice.
This location is awful! I used to go here and food was good it slowly started to go south so I stopped going. The other day I decided to give it another try heck it has been at least 4 years maybe they have improved?  BAD idea!! They have since tore down the wall that provided a the little bit of privacy it had to have a now open disorganized café look. Service was horrible and the food was disgusting and way overpriced. The only good part was my beer. Will not give another chance this place needs to just be a bar. Maybe use the dining area portion as a dance floor.
WING NIGHT ~ Wahoo!!! 

I did not used to be much of a wing fan, however that has changed over the last couple years. Now I very much enjoy good wings. Native New Yorker has a great Salt and Pepper dry rub that I am obsessed with. The wings are good sized, crispy, flavorful and not greasy (or) to messy. There is a hint of garlic on the Salt and Pepper wings that makes them just that much better. If you go for Tuesday night .35 cent wings just be prepared to wait for a table, it gets a little crazy trying to find a place to sit. But for the price and the quality it is worth it! 

(Their Medium sauce is good, it has a little kick but it does not burn your mouth. So if you like sauce on your wings but don't like to sweat then go with the medium.)
Being from New York I was surprised to see the term 'scallions' on the menu - westerners know them as 'green onions'.

Went here for Saturday karaoke and was disappointed.  Only 3 or 4 singers, who were clustered around the KJ, were hard to hear because the music was way too loud.  A good KJ monitors a perfect balance between music and performer.  Numerous TV sets are distracting, and while they were on mute, it sure didn't help any.  Too many themes at once is distracting, to a point where nothing works.

Food was bland and only marginally acceptable; service was fairly good, but prices too high for the quality.  With a strange blend of Gen X-ers, old bikers and young collegiates, the overall combined ambience was nothing to write home about  - to New York, at least.
Wings are always consistent and delicious. Service is above average. Prices are typical for a bar/wing/pizza joint. Good atmosphere. 

Love the Asiago Parmesean dusted wings and the Medium is darn near perfect.
Oh the service there was just woefully sad...  I'm not sure how hard it could have been to make a meal.  My husband' s and kids meals came out on time.  He ordered a billion different flavors of wings, which all came out on individual plates per wing flavor, so the servers placed them on the neighboring table.  So as he was eating someone came by started moving his buffet of wing plates back on to our table and consolidating his food onto the plates because "there's a party of 13 and they need the tables!!!!" It was mayhem over the large party.  And it's just not cool to bug a man eating wings.  And no one seemed to notice that I didn't get my meal.  By the time we were ready to go, because my boys couldn't take it any longer and were crawling the walls, they finally delivered my meal in a to go box.  Since it was boxed up, I didn't notice that they had given me a children's meal I think?  I ordered the sliders, which is 3 little burgers and fries.  I got 2 burgers on burned rolls, and a tiny little portion of fries, just like my 4 year old son.  It's fine, they had already comped my meal, and our kids' meals too as a courtesy because it took so long to bring it, but I wouldn't go back here for anything.  I stopped at In n Out on the way home. The bathrooms were sparkling clean though, and everyone was very friendly.
Did not like this location, loaded fries came out cold, cheese barely melted, honey barbecue boneless wings were bland at best, desert was ok. Not sure if the other locations are better, I will NOT be back to this location.
I feel horrible! I wrote a previous comment on this place, but it was intended for another place...my bad. Sorry.

I went here late at night and the staff was great! I just love eating chicken!!! I wish their chicken was more spicy; I'm just looking for that kick! I'm not a big fan of sweet ice tea and I can barely swallow one sip, but their sweet ice tea is yummy! Sugar cane sugar makes things wonderful!
I frequent this part of town about every other week and I make it a point to stop by popeyes to get my fried chicken fix. The food and only the food are worth the visit. It is poorly managed and the employees are consitently rude.
Horrible visit.  The overriding bad thing was that  the drive-trough apparently has an alarm (that is well over 80 Decibels) that goes off if a car is in drive through longer than about 90 seconds...it went off for over TEN MINUTES of our visit, and manager said they can't do anything to silence it.  What a HORRIBLE way to punish your employees and customers!!!

Now, on to the visit...we drove 15.6 miles to this place, in a part of town I won't go without my gun...because Janet remembered Popeye's being great in her hometown.
Took them 5 minutes to take our order...there was a mini-rush and only 4 people working.  The entire 5 minutes to order and 10 to get our food was spent listening to the LOUD DRIVE THROUGH ALARM...which thankfully shut off as we sat down.

food took 10 min to get because they were "waiting on biscuits."

price seemed a little cheaper than KFC
Staff (other than older red-shirted manager?) were courteous and friendly. Manager seemed indifferent.

Sides weren't as good as KFC. My nuggets were ok but puny, they look bigger in the sign photo's. Janet's chicken was on the cold side and not spicy like she ordered.....  Red beans and rice was actually CRUSTY the rice was so dry and it had been sitting so long.   It was luke warm and utterly flavorless (which is sad, because them HAVING red beans and rice was the only reason I agreed to go 15.6 miles vice the KFC nearby:(
Macaroni and cheese was, on the reverse side, NUCLEAR hot with a  dry crusty layer on top....Its flavor wasn't KFC rich, but it was runnier and not mushy like KFC,and I like that style better... .it seemed microwave-type HOT (you know, like when you forget and bite into a pop-tart that just got microwaved???)  But I know they didn't microwave it...
the bathroom showed extreme neglect including......{this is the point where you skip to the end if you don't want to read about bathrooms  in a restaurant review}   

Not a scrap of toilet paper anywhere...empty rolls in DOUBLE COMMERCIAL REEL type holder and ANOTHER empty roll on the ground.....guess this fried-chicken place goes through the inventory pretty quick...? Filthy floor, toilet, sink, etc.  badly in need of cleaning..I'll stop there.
Just left here and they're out of everything, how does Popeye's run out of chicken? thats like Subway running out of bread...find another location besides this one.
This place is FILTHY. They serve old, cold food. Run by total morons. A disgrace to Al Copeland's vision of fast food genius. The best thing that could happen to this place is a grease fire!
Fried Pickles!
Best fried chicken sandwich in town... Buffalo Chicken Sandwich! My prep choice, 3 mile hot smothered in Ranch Dressing, extra pickle cut in to small pieces and potato salad. Eaten with a knife and fork.
This is Hooters.  You know what to expect.  I did have the fried pickles, which were surprisingly good, but oh so unhealthy.  We had quite a few people in our group and the servers handled us very well.
It's HOOTERS - just go already!!! This location does not disappoint! Girls are beautiful and attentive! I only go for happy hour specials but, I always have fun with the guys or the family!
Have to take back a star - they changed the Happy Hour menu and deleted some of my favorites - ex. only boneless wings on special, etc. Economy is tough but, don't bite the hand that feeds you. Instead of a few times a month - now maybe, once every month or so...

Girls are still GREAT though!!
Wait staff is amazing, but their management is rude and disrespectful. Will not be back till their GM is no longer there. You can not ask him a question without him being condescending and rude. Can NOT believe he still has a job... Really sad because we love their wings....
Not going back till management changes.... Horrible horrible horrible customer service. From the management not the staff
Great wings, cold beer, pretty girls enough said !!!
My husband always said that Hooters had the best wings.  He was feeling some wings one night, so we ventured to Hooters.  And no, he did not want to go to Hooters because of the scantilly clad boob-showing servers. His wife's boobs are sooo much better!  He ordered the wings and was not thrilled.  I'm pretty sure that he loved the wings so much because he used to eat them after all the beer he drank dulled his senses.  With only one beer under his belt before eating the wings, they were quite lackluster.  The service was terrible as well.  We waited entirely too long for wings and a burger.  The server was too busy fake-flirting with 2 guys that would never stand a chance with her.  We will not be back.
CLOSED - Well, moving to Metrocenter in March - BOOOOOO, i don't want my car stolen.....
This location is no longer in business.
i was having a rough and stressful day.. and very hungry..  i was craving chicken and only place near me..  KFC.. what more is there to write about?? it says it all KFC!  

should i talk about rude employees? should i talk about how dirty it was? or maybe i should talk about how nasty the food it was?? ummmmm...  

well.. i was hungry.. and i was not planning to drive.. so i ordered grilled chicken..  okay.."sigh".. here is the problem.. i didn't care much about  rude customer service.. place being dirty.. or order took little longer than usual..  but all i wanted was juicy tender grilled chicken with my hot sauce and wash it down with ice cold soda..  am i asking too much here?? can a man take the time and enjoy his life a little?
nah.. i was asking too much...

chicken was soo dry.. it can pass for beef jerky.. come on now? 
at this point.. i realized and understood.. why some people gone insane and start shooting... i really wanted to throw my chicken at the staff who prep it..  

now i know why they call it KFC.. killed for chicken!!
Well this KFC has always been super friendly , food on the other had is Okay... let me explain I always get the same thing at this KFC the Honey BBQ Sandwich very good!! but when I get the meal deals I run into trouble the meat is sometimes under-cooked which is really bad when you are cooking chicken.
This KFC is really slow you have to wait in long time in line before they actually ask if they can help, before you taken order, The portion size seem to be a lot smaller I don't know what's going on here so attempt with caution the tables are always sticky and the floor is always dirty.
Yum Yum chicken strips.
Chicken strips which a vicious tonight they're only 260 cal for three yum Yum enjoy
How the shit do you run out of extra crispy, original recipe, and pot pies at the same time?
After multiple visits to this location, I can say that they are above average in their customer service. Staff turnover seems to be high, but I guess most fast food places have the same problem. Never had a problem with food quality or noticed any cleanliness issues when dining inside. Drive thru usually moves quickly.
Quick service, fresh food, just wish that they had the A&W back. The A&W on tap and cheese curds here were fantastic. Oh well, whats done is done.
As far as fast food chicken places, it's ok, nothing spectacular.  I wasn't impressed with the chicken sandwich I got, in fact I don't remember the name of it.  It would have been better had it been a chicken patty instead of a strip and if they had actually done more than shown the bun the special sauce. 

The best part, are the reusable containers the coleslaw comes in.
Wow, the mailman arrived with another coupon for a chicken lunch at Church's for $1.99!  How cool is THAT?¿?     :-))

Ok, so of course I grabbed the car keys & whipped right over here.  This particular special got me a good-sized leg & thigh, a little homemade style biscuit, & an order of fries.  The spicy chicken was great as usual, & the biscuit was good with a little margarine on it.  The fries were just ok, compared to the fast food competition, & I would stay with their mashed potatoes & gravy side instead, given the choice.

This particular store is a small one, with a long skinny dining area of tables & chairs only, no booths.  It's ok, but not particularly inviting, so with so many other fast food choices right here in this center (BBQ, Fish & Chips, Chinese, Jack in the Box & Subway), I doubt I'll be back here for a while.  With that said, you could do worse than this Church's at 35th Ave. & Southern.  It's really quite "A-OK!"     :-)
Bring on the bombers they are .... Well the bomb!!!!
As noted on my last visit, this particular Church's isn't one of my favorites, but I come here because I go right by it on frequent errand runs from my house nearby, here deep, deep in the ghetto.     :-)

So I stopped back in here today armed with one of their great coupons for a (Spicy) leg & thigh, mashed potatoes & gravy, and a drop biscuit with margarine.  (I think they have honey too, if you want it.)  Here's how it was this time:
                                                                                                                                                       

POSITIVES...

* Convenient location in the Walmart Center.     :-)

*  Big, delicious thigh & leg, cooked just right & served hot.     :-))

*  Amazing value at $1.99 for everything!     :-))
                                                                                                                                                       

A FEW NEGATIVES...

*  Air blower only to dry hands; no paper towels.  Must use TP to open the door.     :-|

*  Good music, but playing too loudly.     :-O

*  I like my women long & skinny, but not my dining rooms, such as this one.     :-)
Came in here and it was pretty busy. Two customers in front of me were upset at the service. I understand why. These ladies were on their phone, making fun of their customer's with complaints in clear sight- i had ordered two spicy chicken and they gave me plain. I came up to tell them and they were on their cellphones. LOL management where art thou? Unprofessionalism to it's finest, talking ish in spanish.
Best place to watch football (and other sports too I guess:)) 

Q is the greatest bartender and always has our drinks ready for us from the time we walk in the door.

Love the fatty food when you just want to let go, have great service, great sports, and good games.
Sports bar with a focus on wings.  There's a crazy amount of TVs here so its good for watching the game and they promote what they call a "table-gate" experience but I've not been there during a live football game so I can't comment to that.  I kind of wish I could give this place 3.5 stars because while the meat quality isn't anything to write home about, they do sport quite a good variety of flavors as well as dry rub flavors with both bone in and boneless styles.

*Serves coke products
I have died and gone to heaven. This place is a total dream for me. Televisions EVERYWHERE (including outside) playing different sporting events and juicy, meaty wings. Sure the service isn't all that great but with a ball game on and a beer in your hand you can't really go wrong. This place totally fills up for ASU games so get there early. It's a great environment to hang out and watch a game!
Bartenders are awesome Q, and booze are the shit!
Had a good time here for dinner last night. Good wings (sauces!) and beer (Newcastle on tap!). The staff was very attentive and courteous. The entire experience maintained my good feelings about B-dub dub. I would have gone again tonight except I wanted to try a new spot (Majerle's) I will come back to this location as it was a very enjoyable experience. Hope you have a chance to try it out and you have as good of a time as I did.
I havn't been able to find a place with tastier wings than this! The mango habenero wings are the best. Its really the sauce that makes them so if you order anything else from the menu that gives you a choice of wing sauce, get the mango habenero if you love spicy. Its sweet but very spicy (2nd to last in line for spiciness of the sauces) but the flavor is beyond amazing! Another flavor that is good is the asian zing if you are not that into spice. The hub loves the garlic parmesan wings. Kind of a different flavor and might not be for some people. 
If you are not a wing lover, there are other items on their menu that are good choices. I love their buffalo chicken flatbread pizza as well as their buffalitos. For sides and appetizers, their buffalo chips, crispy southwest dippers, roasted garlic mushrooms with southwest ranch, and slammers with hamburger and pepperjack cheese and pretty legit. For wing lovers, remember that Tuesday is their cheap wing night and Thursday is cheap boneless wings. Also, while you are waiting on your food, make sure to request a trivia/ poker device so you can play games as you wait. 
Lastly, if you are on a strict diet, do not go here. I don't think there is one healthy thing on their menu. Even their salad is loaded with cheese.
Tried it for the first time back in July. Went with my family and visiting cousin who has gone to this place in other cities.  First the place is set up horribly - too many tables once you load people into them. Not even enough room to make an aisle to walk through, whether my son going to the restroom or the waitress serving us.

The service (Stacey) was good though, no complaints there. The food was ok - we had the medium (sauce) and buffalo (dry rub) wings and fries. Again, the place is called Buffalo Wild WINGS, so to me if you can't do wings you fail. In this case, the wings were good, so pass.

I can't give them 4 stars (I'm a fan rating) cuz quite frankly I am biased toward that place of orange and white, which I judge "wing places" against. To me they are perfection. This place is good and it's closer to me, so will do, particularly when it cools off and the football games are on.
Best place at the mall to watch sports and great place to relax/drink if the girl is inside shopping and spending money :)

Not sure how long this location has been here because I think I remember it being something else, but then again I'm not one to frequent malls too often. 

First off... LOVE the fried mushrooms and fried pickles... honestly can't really find those anywhere else around - not that i've seen.

Wings are always good though I do have a issue with the amount of hard breading that's on the boneless chicken wings... always seems excessive. 

Salsa seems to change temperature, the girl says sometimes it's too hot for her, but mostly is the same. Different cooks perhaps? 

Celery costs extra = lame... it's frickin celery... Anyways, at least they don't charge for refills lol... (yet). But overall pricing is fair and normal.

This location is very clean, again which leads me to believe it's newer? Seems to be great TV viewing, more-so in the bar area than the table area however - so be mindful of that. Service was quick and very friendly. Outside patio along the walkway near chipotle in the mall is good for people watching too, however you have to deal with no TV's and smokers :/
I didn't even know this location was there... score! We were leaving the mall on a Saturday morning, just before lunchtime and saw this BWW. We went in, got a seat at a table near the bar and were promptly greeted. We ordered the fried pickles (my fav) and I had a chicken wrap. Yum. 

The location was very clean and since it was a Saturday, they had a bunch of different NCAA football games on the TVs. Another group of people requested that one of the big TVs be changed to a specific game and they changed it within seconds. 

Would definitely go back.
Best. Wings. Ever. If you haven't ever tried their Terikayi wings they are to die for, they are the perfect mix of sweet and salty and crispy and amazing. I always get a side of buffalo chips with Ranch and the combo is perfect. Wash them down with some iced tea and you're golden! I also really enjoy their garlic parmesean wings, which seem to be made with real garlic (they have that tiny bit of spicy that hits your tongue) and parmesean. All around great place!
Sooo, my rating isn't really regarding the food. I've been twice- waited until after the 2nd time to Yelp to give them a fair chance but really wanted to share my experience to possibly save somebody else from the hassle.... Both times the food was pretty good.  The wings weren't amazing but they certainly weren't terrible either. My biggest beef is with the service. BOTH times we had suuuuuuuper slow servers. Both times they screwed up at least 2 times.  The first guy gave us the wrong order, I'm a good patron, I totally expect stuff happens and I usually give the benefit of the doubt. Well- he AGAIN brought the wrong thing. How does one manage to do that!?

We decided to give them another try since it's the closer BWW to us and we were totally craving wings. Well? It was way worse this time.  Food quality was the same- pretty good.  Service? Sucky.  It was really odd because there seemed to be an over abundance of employees scheduled this particular night and yet the service was super slow.  When the girl finally came to take our orders, I ordered a soft drink and my boyfriend ordered a beer.  So she comes back and does get my drink right, but brings him a completely different beer.  I try to flag her down as she leaves without even asking if we were good and tell her she's given us the wrong beer. "Oooops! I'll be back!" No lie- at least 5 mins later she finally shows up with the correct one.  The food arrived and this time there were no hiccups with the wings, so we were just trying to enjoy the meal. So again I had to flag her down for a refill on my beverage and again for the check since we wanted to catch a movie.

The check shows up and I always look to make sure things are ok (especially when I can tell the server is a ditz) and sure enough- she charged us for the incorrect beer AND the one he originally ordered and got eventually.  I flag her down again and tell her about it and she apologizes and says she'll fix it.

At this point, my boyfriend had given her the card to charge after she had fixed the tab. I warned him against it because the girl was dumb as rocks, but let the inevitable happen.

Minutes later she appears and says she's having trouble figuring out how to remove the charge and that she had charged the card before she changed the total. Awesome.
So now the manager had to come and fix the whole mess and we were FINALLY on our way.

We both decided that we'd never come back to this particular location and try the Gilbert location off Gilbert.
We had the Chandler lunch club at the Elliott location in Feb. It was awesome. Gayle, the owner did a fantastic job. Great food, great service, in a a timely manner. 
It was great.
Pretty good place to see a game, this location is smaller than most I have been to.

Waitstaff are friendly.
This place is decent.  I like the atmosphere OK, the wait staff is friendly enough, and the food is decent.  

I've had a few different things off the menu and there was nothing was memorable other than the wings.  The wings are good, but not great.  They don't overcook them and they are a good size yet even with all the flavors they lack one that I HAVE to go back and eat.

I also think they could add a couple more micro brews into their beer selection and considering they don't have happy hour, it isn't cheap to go for a round of beers and some wings.
Took a group here after a movie event I put together. We called ahead so they were expecting us. It was a packed night, as game 7 of the NBA Finals was on.

Took awhile to be greeted by the host - wondered where they were.

Got seated with my friends and was greeted by a very pleasant and personable server.

Our wings took too long to come out. Timed it about 13 minutes from the time I placed the order. Not sure if that was typical, but seemed too long.
Once they did arrive they were a welcome treat, very tasty, loved the meat and the sauce.

Took the fudge cake to go, and enjoyed that as well, but only slightly above average.

The bill was fair for what we got in exchange. There is value here and I'm sure that I'll be back. Thanks guys.
The servers here are super friendly and always make ma laugh even when I'm having a bad day. 
We go here for ufc fights. Sit outside and watch the fights it's always so nice. I love the mango habenero wings delicious.
I always end up here during a game or something. Good atmosphere, good food, good beer.
Possibly the worst service I've had at a valley restaurant in years. The manager must be trying to save money on the electric bill this week as the indoor ambient temp is a very uncomfortable 87 degrees tonight. Wings were decent enough to earn two stars. Probably won't be back to this Chandler mall location again
So I won a free a meal from a friend who was doing a little picture contest and the place was my pick, So I picked Buffalo Wild Wings, if yall haven't learned yet I love love love spicy hot food, you're thinking wings huh? I'm not the type that digs the vinegar based sauces that are on soo many wings out there. I like that Buffalo Wild Wings offers so many choices and yes even offer the vinegar based ones too!! My lips were craving the burn wanted to feel the heat!!! So I ordered boneless wings covered in the Mango Habanero sauce, its sweet and burns you at the same time!! Hot damn!! I have tried so many times at home to recreate this sauce, but yet have failed, have even thought about getting a part time job in the kitchen to master it, but yea that would take too much time and effort on my part and it's just easier going to BWW and ordering them and yes I know I can just buy the sauce by the bottle, but I'm a cooking nerd and like to try to recreate things from scratch. Next time I'm going to ask for heavy sauce!!  I also ordered the Honey BBQ Bacon Burger with coleslaw, had been craving coleslaw for a while and I got it, it was nice and cool and great for after the wings!! But I know I will be back!  In fact I already hear the Mango Habanero wings already calling my name!
2 ice teas in a row so far and brought with lemon when I asked for none. Starting today waitresses get no tip if their listening skills are lacking....
Yeck.  A party of 5 from the office ventured here for lunch on somebody's whim.  Mistake.  It took them about 5 minutes to pull 2 tables together and seat us - and the place was 3/4 empty, even right at high noon.  You'd have thought we were a party of 20.  Then after we got seated, nobody waited on us for an eternity.  Finally a young waiter ventures by and asks if we've been helped yet.  It was clear we weren't "his" table but he went ahead and took our orders since we'd been neglected.  The food was slow to come out (again, despite the joint being mostly empty), and was ho-hum at best, worse than that to some in the group.  I had come sort of chicken finger concoction that was as forgettable as my last gas station burrito.  Don't bother.. sketchy service and forgettable food in a spot where there are tons of other better choices.
Okay with a name like BWW I knew they knew what they were doing aside the drinks from the bar.  They Sucked Big Time !!!  food was whack! as my wife explained it was a place to go to watch sports and drink beers and after a 6 pack anything taste good. Not the BWW I knew in California .... NEVER AGAIN ~ Spent almost $70.00 and felt robbed.
BWW is one of those places where you have to know what they are good at, and focus on that. BWW is good for: wings, bar food, beer, and the game. That's about it. If you're expecting gourmet burgers, look elsewhere. If you want a place to watch all of the games and get reliably decent wings, they hold up. 

Are they the best? No. Still, I never have to guess about what I'm going to receive, and the quality of the product they do best is quite good. If you go for lunch, sit at the bar and get one of the specials. Not bad for under $10 with a drink.
I can't say I'd bother going here again since there are much better options.
My salad although good crisp lettuce had a processed chicken on top that wasn't good and the spicy chile dressing they splashed on, although I asked for dressing on the side, was too hot!  Made it inedible.

If your looking for cheap beer until 7:00 pm and fried foods, you may like this spot.

Definitely no shortage of TV's.
This review is for food only!  TERRIBLE!  I know its a chain, but come on!  Don't bother if you have any inkling of eating.  Good if you just want to watch the game and drink beer...
Do not eat here on cheap wing nights (Tuesdays and Thursdays). I've come to realize that both the service and the food are terrible on these days.
I haven't gone to BWW for a long time but will start going again if I want the buffalo wings. They were very good. The wait staff filled our drinks and it didn't really matter if it was our usual waiter. If one of the waiters noticed our drinks getting low they would fill them. The atmosphere was pretty decent.
Okay, so I've been to the Gilbert location, and the recently closed Alma School location and never had an issue...

I officially had and issue!

So we walked in waiting for a table and...
that's it.
We waited for EVER!
We stared at a few waiters and waitresses who looked at us, and the guy waiting behind us and nothing...
We sat at the entrance looking at people expecting someone to check on us, and finally an older grey haired woman, CLEANING HIGH TOPS IN THE BAR AREA, looked at us...
AND WENT BACK TO WHAT SHE WAS DOING!!!!!!!!!!

BAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

She was the only person for miles wearing a polo so something told me this was our gal.  However when she decided she was done, she trounced over and acted like we had been there for seconds when we had been there for almost 10 minutes waiting for life!!!

She annoyed me...

Word to the wise: PLEASE DO NOT DISAPPEAR FOREVER WHEN YOU HAVE A LINE OF PEOPLE WAITING FOR A TABLE TO SEE SOME SHITTY COYOTES GAME JUST BECAUSE THEY'RE IN THE PLAYOFFS!  YOU'RE A SPORTS BAR!!!!!!!

The food was okay, as usual.  However, now you have to pay extra for veggies???????????

For shit service, middle of the road wings, and a TV... I'll stay home.  Thanks Buffalo!
Food was consistently not good and drinks you can't really mess up.  I wouldn't go back EVER!
Yea I being to many BWW.....this one was average good. The wings are always a good choice. I kind of hate how they did the menu (no more flat bread?). Good drink menu but can be better. I just feel the set up as so close together....need more space. Anyways there are other bars to watch sports on.
Really stupid that they wud charge 99c to substitute fries for a small side salad !!!! That's y everyone's becoming fat lol
We sat outside patio. Waited 10 minutes for service. Then waited 10 minutes to get my beer. Wings came no ranch. When asked again waited. I assumed was the manager in blue button up long sleeve shirt asked how our service was. After telling him how bad service was he made the excuse that waiter had too many tables. Don't see how that is a good reason for our bad service.  
Upon leaving manager in blue shirt looked at us but never said bye. Even appeared to be bad mouthing.. This was my worst Buffalo Wild Wings experience. . Thx yelp!
Horrible experience, we got there and nobody had any idea what they were doing. After sitting for what seemed forever we got a seat, the waiter came promptly took our drink order and came back fairly quick, so far so good, right.  After asking for sweet and low for my tea we didn't see the waiter again for close to 10 minutes. When he returned to take our order I still had no sweet and low, asking again giving him the benefit of the doubt I didn't receive any until I asked the manager. Our food was delivered by another server and it came out cold and hard, we all ran out of drinks with no refills and didn't see our waiter again until it was time to pay. Our bill totaled $33.44 I gave the waiter a gift card with $25 on it and my bank card to put the rest on. He came back with a receipt showing $8.44, thinking it was right I tipped him $8.56 (much more than he deserved) after going to the movies I checked my bank account online the waiter charged the entire bill on my card and pocketed the gift card. Horrible service, gross food and a thief. Guess I now have to fight a battle tomorrow.
Friendly staff and great options for sauce. But quality of food of comparable to cafeteria food. Feel like Im eating at high school again.
WORST WINGS EVER!! How can they be so disgusting?? I got sick after trying to eat two wings. And by try, I mean I took the skin off to allow all the grease to drain, yes DRAIN, from under the skin before taking a bite. They were slimy, oily, and un-flavorful even with spicy garlic sauce.  After pointing this out to the waitress, she informed us that they no longer had a grill...and everything is fried. Period. You have a restaurant.... your main food is chicken wings and you don't have a grill? Disgusting disgusting disgusting. After an hour my stomach was upset and I felt like I was going to heave. Not going back there, not sure what I was thinking since there is a brewery right next door.  :-/
We ate there tonight but we were nervous to because of the reviews. Much to our surprise we had fabulous service. Our waiter, Ron was so nice and personable. We had a small issue with our food but when we brought it to Ron's attention, Daniel the manager took care of it instantly. He was so nice and generous even though it was a minuscule mistake. 
I don't know how the past few reviews were so bad. Wild wings are usually the same across the board. Its wings. They are going to be a little greasy. But they are delicious that way!!
We had a great time here tonight!!
This place was awful!  We showed up on a Sunday around 5pm, wanting a meal before we hit the movies.  We were seated immediately in a 3/4 empty restaurant (both patios were also empty) and we waited.  We waited, we waited, we waited.  It's not that the waitstaff didn't see us.  Four different servers and a manager walked past our table (there was a total of 10 passes between them all).  After 10 minutes of waiting without being greeted, water, anything, we picked up and left.  The best part was when we walked out and one of the FOUR employees at the front desk said "Thanks for coming!"  

Are you kidding me?  I will never eat at any of these establishments again.
Good place to grab wings and beer. I went the opening day of Man of Steal. It was crowded but not to bad. It was fun being able to play the video poker game with more then just the poeple at my table. The servers were nice and fast. Over all I like it.
Buffalo Wild Wings have really good wings but I was not impressed by their service. My roommates and I came Sunday evening to grab dinner and the restaurant was not busy at all. We were seated immediately but we waited about 15 min for our server to come take our drink order. There was plenty of other staff members who could have helped but instead they were all standing in the front just talking with each other.  It would have been nice if the servers helped one another and grabbed drinks for the tables. But I guess the conversation they were having was way more important then serving the customers. Our server was nice but she barely came around to our table. It took forever to get drink refills.
great boneless wings!!
I came here at 10 p.m. on a Tuesday night. I was sat on the patio and waited and waited and waited. I saw the hostess throw her arms up in exasperation when I didn't get served. I kept leaning over and staring at all the servers but no one ever came to the patio. I waited for a full 15 minutes. As I was walking out the door I noticed a manager there, so I called the restaurant. When I explained the situation to him, he gave me an apathetic response of "I'm sorry." Now I work in upper management and I thought it was weird that he didn't say anything else...just silence. So I said "You don't seem very concerned." He came back with  "I am, it's too bad you don't come back." Or something to that effect. Honestly trust the other reviews. Depending on the day you go (esp if the manager is there) total nightmare. Honestly it should be the opposite. If a manager's on site everybody should be hustling. Anybody who has had poor service, I recommend complaining to corporate.

***Update: After I left a scathing review with Corporate the ACTUAL manager of the restaurant personally called me. She agreed with my sentiments and was upset with the supervisor and wait staff. I just really hope they get their act together...
The service here is usually very friendly. The wait staff isn't incredibly attentive, but the wings are usually prepared well, and it's certainly worth going for a good discount on Wing Tuesdays: wings then are 60 cents per. I prefer boneless, hubby gets the traditional: I'm glad they changed the discount to either option.
I want to give this place 0 stars I was here waited for ever for my table and then they started to sit people who came in after me first when I asked why ohh there a large party so we seat them first then I get my table and it's dirty food on seats top is sticky the gm then said sorry for the confusion but never offered me any comps or anything did not offer to even clean the table very disappointed
This will be a short review... when BWW came out, I really liked their wings. But over the years it seems like they've moved into cooking their wings and then just splashing sauce on them as you order them. This is OK, so long as you know this is what you are getting.

On a side note - I am allergic to the Caribbean Jerk. LOL.
best selection of wings - boneless and regular. Super affordable beer and wide variety on tap. love it. Go say hi to Theresa at the bar!
This place is right by my house. So we go here frequently - especially on cheap wing nights. So here's the deal - we stopped going for a while because the service was terrible and our order was always messed up. We gave them another chance because ... convenience, you know? They've gotten much better with service. We normally order to go and they haven't messed up an order in quite some time. 

I know this is an odd thing to notice but they list their sauces in order of spiciness and I definitely think the Spicy Garlic is significantly hotter than the Asian Zing - which by the way is my favorite sauce. 

The food is fine - it's a chain so I kind of rate them on another level. The food is basic, nothing fancy, nothing out of the ordinary and it's good enough. 

If you're looking for a quiet meal, this is not the place. When we have eaten here in the past, we spend a lot of the time yelling at each other because it's very loud. Not that that is necessarily a bad thing.
My wife and i went for lunch the service was so bad 15 minutes for a server to ask what we needed her words ( what do you need to drink) told manager the service was bad he said well maybe next time it will be better sorry and just at this location at the chandler mall
I am here at least once a week.  Their wing sauces and rubs are amazing (try the buffalo dry rub).  AND it's one of the only places I can watch my east coast teams play (GO CAPS!).
Ordered online, everything was old, burnt, cold, horrible, never ordering from here again.
The BWW chain, pretty standard throughout the US. No real difference. Tons of TV's, tons of space, service is relatively quick when empty, and giant tall glasses for all drinks.

Asian zing is my fav, chipotle bbq dry rub is my second fav, and they never disappoint. Honey garlic (available for a limited time)  was pretty good too. They are also giving samples of a garlic dip for french fries and that was pretty great too.

Happy hours have a good number of beers and appetizers on discount. My fav appetizer has got to be the mini corn dogs which were are an absolute must-have.
I like Buffalo Wild Wings. I've never really had a problem at one before. But this was a pretty terrible experience. I was able to get a table no problem, and the server came out pretty quickly. But it went downhill from there. Once I ordered, it took a really long time to get my food. Then, when it did come out, half of my order was wrong. So I had to wait again to get the rest of my order. My food was delivered to my table in three separate trips. No apology for the wait, no discount. So I finally finish my food, get a to-go box for the half of my order that was received last so I'd already eaten the rest of it, and pay. Then when my transaction hits my bank, I realized they'd overcharged me. There were two transactions for BWW on my bank account instead of one. Just a bad experience all around. I won't be back.
Never fails for something to go wrong at this location. I love the food but there has not been one time when I have came here & something has not gone wrong. The staff never brings me my veggies, out of  all the 4 times I've gone to this location. The veggies are supposed to come with the wings unless it's a "wing day" from what I know.  The staff takes forever to check if you need a refill. One time they brought me 4 wings when I ordered 5 and accidentally charged me for extra wings. Another time they  gave me a completely different order from my original order and the food was cold. If I do come to this location it's not by choice it's with my friends but I warn them and they witness it every time.
I thought their wings are incredibly good. I never missed their Tuesday/Thursday specials. I tried almost all their sauces available, including new and limited time. The only complaints I have are the staffs, they aren't as friendly as other places. Sometimes when I go in to pick up my take-out order they'd tell me to go to the bar and ask for them. When I do go to the bar, I have to wait to be noticed by a busy bartender. Why would they hire 3-4 people hanging around at the door and I have to go look for my food? You know other restaurants around the corner offer curbside pickup?
I'm not a big fan of this place to begin with....but a friend wanted to go to watch the basketball finals. Got the nachos.....definitely no good. I also ordered a Tangier a and tonic....Also no good. If you decide to go here....stick with the wings. Otherwise....I recommend that you don't come here. I won't be back.
The wings are ok....mango habenero and jammin jalapeno are amoung my favs...service can be on point some days and then some days not so much   J.R. is def my favorite and most out going and personable server this location has...
Love this place. Yummy food for such a great price. Lots of TVs as well to be able to see different games at the same time.
It was a great place to watch a game, enjoy an array of tantalizing wings, and wash them down with an average-priced brew. Besides the place being a bit dark, the location of BWW, the friendly staff, and the speed of service was exactly what we needed and received!
Nice food. Mainly chicken wings and some veggies on the side.
Good ambience to watch some sports while you're enjoying the flash fried wings....
The operations GM gave everyone who entered the craziest attitude because the place was packed for World Cup. I didn't appreciate it at all. I asked for a seat and she said they're not seating anymore. I then asked so if someone leaves what happens. She said then if you're on the list you get the next seat. I was confused. I asked her to add me at the next available table.
This Buffalo Wild Wings has the worse customer service.  I have been to other locations and never experienced this bad of customer service anywhere else. Our waitress only came to take our order and never came back to see if our orders were correct or refill our drinks. The guy that dropped our food off said he was coming back with more ranch and never did.   We never received boats for the bones from our wings so resorted to putting them on the table. When we had asked someone else to assist is she rolled her eyes and with attitude asked if there was anything else we needed. I would go to any other location except this one.
4 Stars because the Pasta Bowls truly ROCK!  This is not your dads Dominos Pizza, they have really changed.  The Sandwiches are good, the pasta bowls are killer and the pizza is MUCH better.  Service is pretty good as well.  The online ordering process is pretty cool.  It updates the status of your order from prep to baking to checking to delivery.  For delivery food you really cant beat it & I never thought I would say that about Dominos.  Good Job.
Consistently better over the past couple years. Hard to give any corporate pizza joint a 5 star rating, but they are definitely a good place to pick up some inexpensive eats.
I can't eat this pizza again. It was overdone and the sauce was not very good. Service was great though.
Damn, if they don't stop sending me this coupon, I'm gonna weigh 400 pounds!     :-O

Ok, so coupon in hand, I of course dropped everything & immediately whipped over here!  My last Church's visit was just the other day for the same deal at their Central & Baseline location.  It was excellent, so that was the standard set for today's visit to this Church's.

Here, there were some negatives...

*  The bathroom automatic hot water valve won't stay on at all, so it's useless.

*  After you wash your hands with cold water there's only an air blower, & the door opens in, so you have to use toilet paper to open it if you want to leave with your hands cleaner than when you started.  Grrrrr!  Doesn't this outfit have a District Manager?  One clucking Star & I'm out of this rathole!     :-O

Well, ok.  Maybe I'll stay just a little bit longer & see if things get better...

*  Friendly service!

*  Delicious food!

*  Amazing low price for (Spicy) Leg & Thigh, mashed potatoes & gravy, & a biscuit:  $1.99 with regularly received coupon!

*  400 Pounds?  Come & git me!!     :-))
Perfectly crispy chicken, even after it's been sitting under the lamps for a bit.
Awesome crunch buildup!
This is what makes Church's way better than Popeye's, that and the size of the pieces.

This location is the one that makes Popeye's look idiotic.
WAY better chicken. 
Service is SUPER FAST as there's never anyone in!

INSIDE SKINNY: This being south Phoenix, I think I ran into some chicken that was EXTRA spicy! HELL YEAH. At least I encountered this on Monday. Hopefully they keep this up.
= = = = = =  WORLD'S WORST CHURCH'S???  = = = = = =

I'm usually a big Church's fan, so it was my great hope to get this location up from 3 Stars to 4, like most of the other Valley locations, after this 2 1/2 years since my last review.  UNFORTUNATELY...

This location is being even MORE POORLY OPERATED  than it was the last time I was here!!

*  Still no paper towels in the bathroom, only one of those nearly worthless air blowers.  To make matters worse this time, the toilet paper was out.  How are you supposed to open the door (in) to get out of here with your hands still clean, use your shirt tail?  THIS IS NOT OK!!     :-O

*  They guy cooking the chicken allowed the Spicy to run completely out!  I had to wait TWENTY MINUTES for him to fry up a new batch!  This is at a completely normal time (about an hour after opening) on a completely normal day (Friday).  THIS NOT OK!!     :-O

*  The counter gal was totally dingy and disorganized.  During my long wait for my food, two other customers came in, bought regular style chicken meals and BOTH HAD TO COME BACK!  One guy only had 2 pieces in his 3-Piece Meal and the other guy also got shorted something in his order!  THIS IS NOT OK!!   :-O

*  At long last, my chicken was up...  Counter gal forgets to give me my biscuit!  THIS IS NOT OK!!     :-O

*  I finally get my food and THE CHICKEN IS BARELY DONE!!  Some of the meat is too rubbery to eat!  (Don't they have a TIMER for the fryer there??)     THIS IS NOT OK!!     :-O

*  At the end, I return to the bathroom to wash my greasy hands after eating.  THERE'S STILL NO TOILET PAPER!  (Of course I had told Ms. Dingy it was out, when I ordered!)  THIS IS NOT OK!!     :-O

This was far and away the worst experience I've ever had at a Church's Chicken.  How in the world can a big chain like this allow one of their stores to be so poorly managed and operated?  ONE STAR!
-Drive Thru Review-

Definitely a cheap price for what you get. I needed a small meal before heading back to my hotel so I wanted to get their 2 pc meal, but since they were out I had to opt for the tenders. 

Tenders were good, biscuit dense and slightly sweetened and a soda to wash it all down. Pretty cheap, compared to what I'm used to at drive thru's in California and tastes a lot better than Popeye's IMO. The only con is that I barely got any napkins and no ketchup/sauce.
So I called Domino's rival to order myself a pizza. I was told they couldn't make it the way I wanted. Hmmm, seeing how I am the one paying for an eating the pizza shouldn't I have it how I want? One would think so... Guess not with common pizza places.  Just like in life, you don't always get what you want when others think they know what you need. 

So I call Domino's an I ask if they can make me a pizza the way I want it. Yep, they sure could and they sure did!

The wait time from placing the order to picking it up was 15 minutes. I arrived early so I sat in the car and waited. When I went in to pick up my pizza it had just came out of the oven. I was fearing as I had read reviews about this particular location that were less than pleasant. 

Smiles. The staff were very friendly and professional. The price was actually less than the rival I had contacted earlier. The store was clean. 

Pizza is pizza from the common pizza joints. It is what it is. All in all a wonderful experience. I'd come back.
I order from this location often. It always arrives promptly and fresh. It's dominos, so it's cheap if not of the highest quality. 2 medium pizzas for $12, worth the $2 bump over little ceasars for cheap pizza.
Pizza should be straightforward and simple - or, if you like, complex(!) We like it fairly simple - if we pick-up, we expect it ready. If we order delivery, we expect it within 30 minutes. This Dominos ticks all those boxes - they also have never made a mistake with our order, and the in-house service is quick and friendly.

Considering some competitors make you wait 40+ minutes for delivery, these guys get my vote for local pizza in Surprise. Thanks guys and gals. :)
1.3/5 stars - Almost so bad I can't eat it. The hand tossed pizza is about 25% edge, 50% air bubble and 25% soggy mess. Sauce tastes like catsup and the toppings always taste like they are frost bitten. The thin crust Philly cheesesteak pizza is surprisingly good, but it only comes around once in a while.
Second time in a row these people botched my order. I ordered mushrooms, I got onions, which I am allergic to :( And all I got offered was dessert. Should've been a full refund of my $$. NOT nice. They did send me a second order, which was correct, and both delivery guys were quick and very nice. But still, twice in a row? Really?
We stopped ordering Dominoes after noticing that their coupon codes are a scam. Pay close attention when you put the code in, many times, while the overall order's price goes down a little, individual items' prices go up. If a business is going to offer coupon codes they shouldn't practice shady, deceptive practices. The pizza itself was ok but not great. Out of the 3 times we've ordered from Dominoes (online), we've experienced problems 2 times. 

The first time, the order went through online, then no pizza almost 1.5 hours later. Calls to the store = no answer (8-10 times) and then one answer in which the individual lied and told us it was on the way. We ended up having to contact their regional management office to get the situation sorted out. They gave us a $30 credit to our account that we were hesitant to use because of the crappy service. 

When we did use the coupon, the next order was ok although the pizza was definitely nothing to brag about. 

The second issue that we had was when we ordered online again and had no pizza 2 hours later. We called the store and cancelled the order. Then we drove and got some Chinese food. Upon returning from getting Chinese food, a Dominos driver pulled up to our house (a total of almost 3 hours after we had ordered.) Needless to say, after our 2 bad experiences, we'll never order food from Dominos Pizza again.
I have always been in love with Chick-Fil-A and still am. I was first hooked on them in the shopping malls, then they appeared on campus at ASU. Seems to now found my home in Avondale! 

My fave is the combo #1 with no pickle. I am not sure what spices they put in recipe, but it is addicting. All the employees are so happy to work there.  Love you Chick-Fil-A!
Their chicken sandwiches really are the best. Even though you get this incredibly thick piece of chicken breast, its perfectly juicy and tender. I read somewhere it's due to them being fried in a pressure vat(?). I have no way of knowing buy nevertheless it white meat like you've never had. Also, get their "Chick-Fil-A" sauce. It's the perfect blend of ketchup, barbecue, and honey mustard. Once you try it, you'll never want to dip their awesome waffle fries into anything else!
I'd never been to a Chick-Fil-A before, but I expected it to be like any other fast food place. Boy, was I in for a surprise! We were greeted coming in the door and the people that helped us were quick and very nice. They even brought our food out to us. My son had a blast playing in their little toddler area, too. With service and an atmosphere like that (not to mention the food was really good), how could you not go back?
last time i went here i had a small tiny issue.  But alas i was craving their delicious chicken!!! I went here along with my friend again and wow they have really upped the ante. The food was nice and fresh. I was pleasantly surprised in particular at how nice, fresh, and crisp the tomato and lettuce were unlike most quick food joints now a days (though i think chick fil'a sorta stands out at the top of the bunch).  The chicken was seasoned just right!!! (im sorta of a food connoisseur when it comes to these sorts a'things hehe).   workers were very kind and friendly. (ahem...MY PLEASURE...lol they're always suppose to say that when you say thanks, cracks me up everytime)

so overall not bad! now i think i'll tag a long when my friend goes here for lunch! also their sweet tea is awesome! A++
The best chicken sandwiches ever! The staff is friendly and they make sure the dining room is always clean. All the tables have small flower vases in the center which just makes anyone feel great just sitting there.
 
The kid's play area allows your child to have a little fun before or after you eat. It's small but completely safe. a
Located in the corner of the restaurant providing great vantage points for you to keep a close eye on your kids
The chicken and veggies taste very fresh. Great choices of dipping sauces. My favorite is barbecue. The lemonade here is incredible!

Kudos to Dominique for her excellent customer service. She always had a genuine smile when I was ordering and was very polite. Thank you for another great experience at Chik-Fil-A!
Seems has if they have gone down on the quality of the product from what I remember... it saddens me.
I can't rave enough about this restaurant.  I miss it so much that when my boyfriend and i are in AZ we plan the trip around how many times we can eat at Chick-fil-a!  I so wish you would bless us with just one in the state if WA. I'm willing to travel. But it is sumply the best chicken sandwich on the planet! !!!!!!   :-)
Good service.  They could work on keeping the tables a little more clean but better than most fast food places.  The playground is for 3 and under I think and it is pretty small but keeps my 2 year old entertained.  Definitely a nice place to stop by for breakfast.  I always think their chicken is on the salty side but every once in a while I like it.
GREAT PLACE... very professional... great people, always asked what condiments would you like.  Not like other places..
Rediscovering chick-fil-a. Love the chicken nuggets and chicken sandwiches.  this place is addicting.  I used to have this all the time back in college and now I remember why.  What a refreshing blast from the past.
We in the C-household are fans of Chick-Fil-A.  So when I was out at my moms last weekend, we were in need of lunch while we were out.  So I suggested the C-F-A on 99th.
  
OH...If you're a parent of a little one, I didnt know but thanks to one of the employees, I discovered they had these plastic mats to stick to the table for your LO to eat off of.  AWESOME IDEA!   Now if only I could get Baby C to leave it sticking to the table while he's eating....  lol

Clean establishment.  Courtious employees.  Killer Chicken.  :)
Dirty tables at lunch time.  There was a woman handing out samples of something...I was not asked if I wanted one.  Maybe she could tell I was gay...and we all know how they feel about that!
Friendly but not the same since Josh left. I see many new people working here and they don't seem to offer the friendly service as before.
Chick-Fil-A does a few things right.  They serve your food promptly out of a very clean restaurant with a very courteous staff!  They have a large play area for the tiniest customers and even have wipes to clean off their little hands before eating their little meals.  

As a person who follows a Gluten-Free diet you ask what the heck are you doing here, let me share my secret.  They will make any of their salads with non breaded chicken.  Upon request they will also make naked chicken strips that are quite tasty.  My daughter loves the sweet tea where I like mine unsweetened.  They have waffle cut fries as one of the sides.  

You are able to order off the lunch menu during breakfast if you don't find anything to your liking.  Their super friendly staff is the main reason I keep returning not to mention my teenage daughter is a fan and can't tell her no!
I bought a salad two weeks ago, to bring home for my father. And as he opens it a big spider is crawling around, along with spider eggs. So I call and tell the manager and she didn't seem to care that her food has spiders plus spider eggs.
I think I have been to two C-F-A's in my life, one in Chino Hills, CA and this one.

Even though I gave it 2 stars, I really want to say this: the staff were friendly and accommodating. The manager and employees were smiling and you felt a genuine desire to serve folks. Bathrooms were clean, tables, too.

So why the 2 stars? Well, ordered the soup and salad combo...sorry I don't know the name...but the portions were nice. However, when I opened the salad container, I found two pieced of cardboard. At first I thought it was tortilla chips. Then I looked very closely to confirm that it was cardboard. I took it to the counter, showing the manager. She too was shocked and very kindly asked if I wanted a refund or and exchange. I'm not mean person nor anal retentive. She was kind and genuine and gave me excellent customer service, so I just asked for an exchange. Happily she did so and I returned to my seat to finish it and my soup.

After I was about half way through with my soup, unfortunately, I began to feel kinda sick to my stomach, felt a little queazy and a bit dizzy. And then it passed...I chalked it up to perhaps there being a bit too much salt in the soup. 

But like I said, it passed and I finished both. My friend also finished her meal and we were both fine.

I might give them another try...not sure though.

And one last point: It took me about 10 minutes to find them in Yelp because they are listed under 'Chicken wings' and I don't think they sell one wing dish....very frustrating...
I come to this Chik-fil-A a lot and rarely have an issue, and today was the first day that I thought an employee was being snarky. The girl in the box and the girl in the window were nice but Will,  the guy bagging up the food, made a comment to the person in the back about how I ordered part of my food and rolled his eyes when I was asking about how many extra pickles were on my sandwich and how that wasn't enough.  Not sure how he is an employee at Chik-fil-A.
About 12 years ago, I was working with a business consultant from Atlanta.  She told me that Chick Fila was a potential client.  I said.... What is his name?  And, what business is he in?  I had no idea that Chick-Fil-A was a restaurant serving chicken.  I thought it was a persons name.

So far, I have been to Chick Fil-A twice.  Once at a grand opening in St. George, and once now here in AZ.  I give it a solid 3.5, so it rounds up to a 4 star.

The good -  Well, chicken, chicken salads, chicken wraps and chicken type burgers.  Plenty of sauce.  Like the calories listed on the menu, great pricing. Decent tasting product.  Great staff, management and customer service.

The bad - Nothing really bad, But, they have all the unhealthy choices here like milk shakes, soft ice creams, tons of sauces and the like. I always find it funny to see someone ordering a complete meal, a shake and washing it down with a diet coke.... Otherwise, choices are all your's.

The end result - Overall, the place is pretty good, I am NOT a fan of fast foods in general and Chick-Fil-A is no exception.  However, besides, Raising Cane, I find that the stuff here is pretty decent!


GK says, check it out.
Their food is over priced, but worth it all. Everything about this place is amazing. Their bathroom is spotless and the inside of this place is ridiculously clean. I love how all the sauces, napkins, utensils are right there for you instead of having to ask the workers. Omg! Their chick-fil-a sauce is so good!!! 

If ever you see a chick-fil-a, don't drive pass it. You all need to get a taste of the good life! This place is literally heaven.
Chick-fil-a is one of the few fast food chains I will eat. Especially now that they have made some changes to their ingredients and removed some of the chemicals from their food. So when I'm on the road I always seek them out. Anyways, this is a very clean location with good customer service. I usually get a kid's meal with side salad but this time I tried their new Market Salad....hands down best fast food salad I've ever had! Actually one of my new salad favorites outside of one I've made in my own kitchen. Well played Chick-fil-a, well played.
I have frequented Canes since I lived in Ohio and was glad they came to the valley! Even better now that we have one in Avondale! My only feedback is to work on the drive up. I must say it's quick. However, some days I will get three sauces in my 3 finger combo and some days I will get zero. Today was a zero day. Some consistency would help. And thank you for working on the woman in the second window he leans our and screams really loud "do you want ketchup!" It was always a shock to the system. You can tell she is working on it!
I love Chick-fil-A!!! Always great service and great food. Strawberry milkshake and one of
the NEW Grilled Chicken Club Sandwiches is the perfect meal.
5 star for service, and what can I say ... I'm a sucker for their chicken.  Love the way the nuggets taste, especially with the poly sauce.  They go out of their way to be nice, give fast friendly service...I mean, whats not to love about that?
I visit this location regularly and unfortunately I find the attention to detail minimal. Typically I order through the drive thru and usually order the grilled chicken & fruit salad. On three separate trips recently I have returned home to find that while the receipt was correct, I received the grilled chicken garden salad. I have also switched it around and ordered fruit and grilled chicken salad. One time that worked, but most recently I again received the garden salad. Finally I called and complained. How difficult is it? If it is entered correctly, why can't the correct product be pulled? 

If you go through the drive thru, I highly recommend pulling over and checking the bag before driving home.
Can't go wrong with most cfa locations and my local one is no exception. Sign up for their text message promos and you'll never have to pay full price
Chick-fil-a is awesome. My kids love the food and the playground. They have family nights on tuesday. They have balloons. The restaurant is always clean and everyone is super friendly. They offer to get you refills and help to clean your table. What fast food place does that? I really like the food here too although my choices are limited because of the vegetarian issue but I usually get a large fruit cup and a side salad and I'm good.
One of the few restaurants left that ALWAYS has 5 star service. Only hires employees that are competent, well mannered, and friendly. If this restaurant were twice the price we would still eat here.
Why rate a drive thru? Because they always get my order right, they are always super nice and efficient. Real chicken nuggets and breast, not the creepy McDonald nugget mystery meat. And try a peach shake. Heaven!
Its crack chicken, its really really good and you want another sandwich as soon as your done with yours. There is a play area where the kids can go and you can actually talk to your wife or husband. Just make sure the kids wear socks as it gets kinda dirty in there. I know they clean it, but its a high traffic area and it gets dirty.
This place is awesome! The staff works hard, they are friendly and I am amazed how often I have watched them out cleaning tables and windows while I have been here.

The children's menu is very good. Chicken, fruit, box of Minute Maid apple juice. I couldn't do better myself. And the kid's love the play area which is enclosed so the adults can listen to the awesome classical music while we enjoy our meal.

My 6 year old enjoyed listening to the music while we discussed what instruments (cello, flute, violin) he was hearing while I brought up pictures on my iPad. Quite an educational lunch for him!

You can't beat this place for "fast food"!!!
This service is great at this location!  The manager gave each member of my family a free chick-fil-a sandwich card just because the Restaraunt was a little crowded that day!  Unbelievable!  They definitely earned our future  business.
Best chicken in the west.  But this Chic-fil-A is extra clean, tidy, friendly and is committed to serving the community in many ways.  They are partnering with local non profit groups like RE:STORE non profit and www.friendsfeedfriends.org to provide food for homeless.

The owner really cares about family and other people.

The lemonade is super yummy - and the non menu item "spicy charbroiled chicken," is tasty and has a strong bite - makes my mouth happy.

Kids play area is nice - great big store.

Pastor Ben Cloud
AMADEO Church
I eat here regularly and let my kids play in the play area. It is great food and I can take a moment to breathe. It is the first place I send parents that are looking for a play place in the summer. The demand for this type of business in this area is so high, I think Chick-fil-a should open another one near Johnson Ranch on Hunt Hwy!
Everything in the menu is good. Service is even better! My boyfriend likes it so much that he order chicken strips party tray to take to work for lunch. They sometime do have a little face painting and ballon lady there in the summer. Eat more chicken!
I love this Chick-Fil-A!  There is a great selection of food (assuming you like chicken) and it is mostly healthy food, at least compared to other fast food.  This is also a great place for kids, with a good selection of healthy food for kids and a play area.  

This is a go-to place for us when we visit family in the Queen Creek area.  I only wish there was a Chick-Fil-A in the Seattle area.
Boo! Not a fan of the food at all. Customer service was good & prices were ok.
Love the new salads.
Me and my daughter's favorite Chik-Fil-A! I am absolutely stunned and very appreciative at the extremely courteous and kind employees at this particular Chik-Fil-A establishment. Been coming here for years and will continue to do so. Food is consistently good, but what keeps us coming back for more is the amazing courtesy of the staff here. Highly recommend.
I rarely eat here, but the few times I had to hit up the drive-thru for a few items, I got nothing but great service and friendly smiles.
This is the BEST Chick-fil-A store I have visited.  Everyone is friendly and professional especially the owner.
Love their salads.  Always clean, fast and friendly.  Only disappointment is that they are not open on Sundays.
I've been to this Chick-fil-A many a times, and each time they haven't disappointed in either staff or food. I love their chicken nuggets with buffalo sauce or Polynesian, and they have the best cookies and cream milkshake I've yet to taste. If you have kids, they've got a play place which is always nice for parents. I come here regularly and love everything about this place. It's what I call, "Quality Fast Food." 

Tip: If you get a kids' meal, you can trade the toy in for a free ice cream in cone instead.
This place is clean and my cashier  was so nice and accurate.
For what it is it's expensive. Not that it's not good. Just over price. Not to mention there is a KFC right down the street. The place is clean and it's a great location to have a chicken place. The service is what you would expect from a fast food. Also I think the portion size could be a little bigger (once again overpriced). So with out being more repetitive I'm done.
Bad salty greasy chicken... But the staff is nice!
I like Popeye 's Chicken. I'd like it a whole lot better if the prices were more in
line with what you receive. Spendy for what you get,  in essence. If I drop $10
for a quick lunch, I shouldn't still be hungry after I eat it, just sayin '. Got something
to say to Popeye 's - Pollo Mobile 2 - because That's  where I'm going next time
I have a chicken craving. Popeye 's is a big fat burn.
Any time you eat at Popeye's and have the spicy chicken you better have to blow your nose as soon as you're done.

This place qualified. Just wished I would have brought a mountain dew with me as they proudly serve coke products :(
So, I ended up here at the Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, located at 6121 Vegas Drive after going to the location on Rancho.  They were busy.  On Tuesday, they run a .99 cent special which includes the leg and thigh pieces of chicken.  This is a Great Deal.  So here we are in line, waiting.  Despite the overwhelming crowd of customers, they are rockin.  The wait wasn't very long, for me maybe five minutes.  I ordered 3 specials, red beans and rice and green beans.  The food was hot, fresh and taste the same as always, just plain ol good.  

I didn't give them  4 or 5 stars for one reason.  Because they were so busy, they began skimping on the portion sizes, as my order of red beans and rice was about thee quarters of the way full.  Also, upon ordering the red beans and rice, we received mash potatoes and gravy, which I had to brave the masses at the front counter to trade in.  We also ordered the spicy chicken and received regular.  So in their rushed state, they made a couple of vital mistakes... Overall the food was awesome, and they where handling the rush pretty well.  I would say tighten up just a little.  Pay a little more attention to detail...
Dude this is the worst popeyes I've been to.  Chicken was salty and had no other flavors.  Kinda pricey for what you got and the service (not bad) cant make up for the piss-poor food quality.  Wish there was a Churches nearby because this chicken SUCKS.  If I can cook better at home without even trying, its not worth coming here to eat salty tasteless chicken.
This was surprisingly good for being in the food court of the outlet mall. it reminded me of canes chicken fingers. They had Texas toast that was not as good as canes because canes puts garlic on the toast.Fingers were good,coleslaw was good, and there mashed potato bowls were great too.They had the coolest soda machine with as many drink options as sonic!!
Everytime I go here , the place is usually packed.  At first I was a bit hesitant; thinking it was just like Cane's, but it actually can stand its own!  I've came here on numerous occasions for lunch and they are always on-point with their service.  On top of that, they have never messed up my order or change.  I know it may sound simple, but seriously fast food joints always seem to mess up my order/change some how or another.  No complaints here.. I definitely would recommend!

Pros:
 * Located conveniently inside South Premium Outlets (formerly Belz)
 * awesome soda machine with over 100 flavor combinations!
 * Excellent customer service.
 * huge portions
 * Grandma's Sauce is bomb!

Cons:
 * the wait is a bit longer than your typical fast food, but its made to order
 
Tips:
 * Try Peach flavor Sprite... Yum !
 * Don't forget Grandma's sauce.  It's a must!
 * They have specials all the time just look out for the sign on the counter.

Verdict:
  The idea is similar to Cane's, but all together has a different taste.  I can't decide which one I like better.  Chicken Now has Chicken tenders, Chicken Taco Salad, Wings, and even a Chicken/Mash potato bowl.  Everything I've tried here is really good.  I love their fries and the service is far better than your typical fast food place.  To me that's a 5 stars.  I don't really have any complaints.  It's a little pricey, but in comparison to Cane's, it's pretty much the same.
I LOVE this place. Partly because they use local ingredients whenever they can and partly because their mashed potatoes and french fries are delish. 

Also, you must try the taco salad. I get mine without chicken, but I'm sure it tastes good both ways.
Saw this place in the food court and had to give it a go since it was the most legit place in the food court. Well, Chicken Now was like a rip off of Raising Canes! They even have a special sauce, that looks and tastes just like Canes. I ordered the chicken finger combo. It came with fries and a piece of texas toast on the side-- just like Canes! I was not impressed, I would much rather have Raising Canes any day over Chicken Now.

A few things make Chicken Now kind of cool (but not cool enough) is the loud hip hop music that they bump in the food court, they have kool-aid on the menu and they even have chicken and waffles! -- but still. it does not compare. Sorry Chicken Now, I wouldnt want you "now" or "ever again". oooh burn, see what i did there?
Definitely the best option at the foot court in this mall hands down. The chicken tenders tastes like real chicken unlike other chicken tenders offered at other fast food places. It doesn't have the mass produced taste to it. Plus they have an awesome soda machine where you can get any flavor combo with Coke Zero, for example. I settled for a Vanille Coke Zero (I could've gotten raspberry, but that doesn't sound like it would taste good) which tasted great.
Now that's some good chicken! But just get the chicken strips. Not that the wrap or the nachos were bad, but they seemed to take away from the deliciousness of the simple chicken.
Another note: holy hell, it took a long time to get our meal. Not my definition of fast food.
the only reason why i came here was because there wasnt really that many choice of what to eat inside the LV premium outlet. anyways, i got their original chicken burger with fries for about $5.41 (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chicken-now-las-vegas?select=TqjALenSZhFPbI_CXk-uYA#TqjALenSZhFPbI_CXk-uYA). their chicken was okay, taste like a regular fried chicken and nothing special. i only ate one bite and let my brother finished the rest.. the fries was pretty good and crispy.. it taste more like homemade fries than fastfood fries.. they also have some sauces selection for you to choose from.. you can dip ur fries into these sauces to make it taste better. but its definitely not a memorable meal..
Yelp 100 Challenge * 71/100

3.7, let's put it at that 

Setting the math aside, why don't I give you two reasons to try chicken now. 1) The sauces 2) The sides. 

My parents took me to the outlet mall on Memorial Day to eye some good deals. For some reason, I wasn't too keen on rummaging through the much-ballyhooed sales that day and felt my legs giving in early. So I patiently waited for them at the food court. Mommy came finally came out of one of the shops and told me about how she and Papa liked Chicken Now for their plantains and chicken strips. Knowing me, I had no qualms about trying something new so we got the 4 piece chicken tenders with two sides - french fries and plantains. 

They were ready in just about 5 minutes and served with honey mustard sauce (it might've been the 'Grandma Sauce' everyone's been talking about, not entirely sure) and another spicier one (chipotle, perhaps?) They all complimented each other well and the plantains were cooked just right - no dripping oil, not bland either. Staff were friendly and cool too. Great pick and thanks to my parents.
Yummy! I liked the buffalo chicken wrap with spicy ranch dressing you get it on the side...!
Great chicken...closest thing to Chick Fil-A you can get in Las Vegas!  A little annoying with the cashiers screaming out "welcome Chicken Now want sample!?!"  I was in the middle of ordering and I guess some people walked by behind me and she stopped to scream this at them with a toothpick of chicken pieces.  BUT, every other restaurant in this food court was doing the same thing so I didn't hate on it too much.  The sauce is great, breading is great, French fries are seasoned and crispy, and Plantains sides is delightful.  Last good thing is the new Coca-Cola machine with the 1000+ flavor combos...always a good finisher for a restaurant in my eyes!
This place know how to make some damn good food!! Good quality juicy chicken. Fries r nice and crispy.
Chicken Now is ok. WIth such an expensive food court, you really can't complain about the sort of food/price Chicken Now sells at.

Their tenders are pretty good and crispy but they don't give you a lot of it with any meal.
My suggestion is just to purchase only the tenders since nothing else is really THAT good there.
This place is pretty gooood! It's like, the ghetto version of Raising Cane's! Hahaha but it's still good. I swear... Their chicken is the same, the fries are good and crispy, and the Texas Toast is buttery. To be honest though, Raising Cane's is better when it comes to the toast ;p
They also have their special sauces! Almost like Cane's sauce! It's crazy! They have a spicy and a non-spicy. I prefer the spicy sauce because it enhances the flavor of the chicken, fries & most especially the toast. I paid $9.72 for a 4 piece tender box. It came with 4 pieces of chicken and two sides. I enjoyed it!
Wing stop is a place where you will get the same standards no matter the wing stop you visit. It's not the best I ever had but I know where to go if I want good wings every time and in any city I see find a wing stop in
+ good variety of sauces and wing styles
+ Not the best wings in town, but pretty good overall. If you're in the Santa Fe and you're looking for something to eat, this is one of the better options.
Fries are yummy!! :D I dont know what they do but the way they cook them is very different from your typical fried french fries...

I'm a huge Buffalo Wild Wings fan so I was a little hesitant to try Wing Stop at first. This WS happened to be located inside the Sante Fe Station and for a Sunday night it was busy. If your looking for a variety of flavors, you're not going to find that here. They have about 7 basic flavors and if you get an order of 15 wings, you can only mix and match TWO. Kinda lame. So anyway, I tried the Parmesan and original style hot. The Parmesan was "good" and the original tasted like it was tossed in Tabasco sauce and I wasn't very impressed. The quality of chicken is OK, I've definitely had better. I thought it was a bit pricey for the amount they give you and the quality. 

So for now BDubbs is still my fave, but Wings Stop is not a terrible place to stop by when you're hungry and in the mood for wings. I will however give them another shot just to try the other flavors... :)
I've been here twice. I think it's average. to be honest. It might be the fact that I am spoiled with Buffalo Wild Wings. but whenever I go to a wing place, i go for garlic parm wings. there wasn't enough garlic butter and too much parmesan. I am a cook at an authentic italian place. and when they brought out the bag of parmesan, i became a harsh critic, that had doubts from the get-go.It seems unfair, but we get our parm in a form of a 50lb wheel, and freshly grate it our self, So i might be a bit spoiled. anyways, the chicken was average, and the sauce was just not that good. the fries were though. For what wing stop is, i think it is average. It's a fast food wing place, that has reasonable prices. This is where I think they succeed. but as far as the actual food goes, it's just ur average wing.
I always take the wings here to-go. This branch here in The Santa Fe is closest to my house, and I've always had a good experience ordering from here. Usually when I come in though, it's not busy, so I can't attest much for the quality during busy hours, but I never have had issues from the food. The other reviews I've read about this location give it an average rating, so perhaps the dine-in and take-out quality is different? I will keep coming back, due to the convenience and my experiences here. I don't like eating in casino food courts anyways, so I'll keep carrying-out. Friendly staff. Great wings.
Wingstop is my favorite Wing place. I'm pretty much exclusive only to them.
Lemon pepper, fried hard, Best way to go..! 
I'm particular to this location because they have curbside service. Thats the best thing about this spot. Its typically busy so the staff is a little less than friendly but eh.. im here for wings.. not friends..!
I've walked by this place so many times, not even giving it a chance until a drunkard raved so much about it I had to try it out. The size of the individual wings are very substantial indeed, but the taste and texture is what captivated me. The lemon pepper wings have a lofty balance of salty and crispy while still offering flavor. The teriyaki wings were quite tasty too, but the lemon pepper was by far the star performer. It takes about 10 minutes to cook once you place your order, so don't go if you're in a rush. They also have a nice garlicky ranch dipping sauce that's worth trying as well.
There is always a good 20 min wait every time I come to this location. On the plus side I guess you know it's fresh but 20 mins takes the fast out of fast food! The staff is usually very nice but they've messed up my order more than once giving me regular chicken wings instead of boneless. The sauces are ok. Even their hottest isn't very hot though. After mild it seems like all the other sauces have the same mediocre hotness.. Even atomic. On a plus side, Mondays and Tuesdays are 50 cent wing day.. All in all it's good late night hangover food but nothing to write home (Err yelp) about. ;)
Grease and fat...you cant go wrong...takes a while to get food, but its all made to order. Decent food, a bit spendy, very greasy but everyone needs to splurge once in a while.
Very rude staff (as is typical with Wing Stop)! The girl at the counter rolled her eyes at me when I asked that my boneless wings be cooked slightly longer (I've received them a little raw before). 
The wings were pretty good as usual, the fries were under-cooked and under-seasoned, pretty limp.
Pretty sure you ALL have had Wingstop before LOL.  If not, they are a pretty solid wing spot to get some grub...probably my favorite CHAIN wing restaurant!

I tried the Hot, Garlic Parmesan, and BBQ this time...all sauced up and tasty.  TOO much sauce actually...I was scraping the BBQ sauce off, since it was poured so thick lol.  Better too much than not enough I guess.

The wings are cooked perfectly, juicy, and flavorful.  Really enjoy their fries here...cut up home style with the skins....yum :)

A little spendy though...think we spent around $24 for 24 wings and some fries.  Almost $1 each at that rate with no drinks.

Gotta pay to play I guess!  At least while you're in Sante Fe :P
Bad service and worse wings. The so called hot wings taste like nothing but vinegar, the mango habanero are a poor attempt to copy BWs, and the boneless are like a cheap frozen brand but not as good... Don't waste your time or money here.
Wing stop is a great wings fix. They are quick about their orders and the menu is simple. I always get the boneless wings in the original Louisiana rub. Wings always come out crispy and flavorful. The portions and size of the wings are exception and I could not complain. They are like a fast good restaurant for wings and it's great. I recommend you try it if you want a wing fix that's quick and delicious.
Best wings out of a franchise ! Way better than Buffalo Wild Wings in my opinion .. Customer service could be a little better but the food is great and good price
Food- Wings are delicious, but the chicken fingers were very salty...high blood pressure salty. 

Cleanliness - tile walls need to be cleaned, grout.
I have fallen out of love with Wingstop. I used to be head over heels in love with this place, but now I'm just kind of "eh" about it.

Service: The people working at this location is a hit or miss. Sometimes they're super nice to you, and sometimes it's like they've got a couple of chicken bones up their booties. However, 65% of the time that I've been here they have been very nice and accommodating especially since I order A LOT of wings to take home to my family.

Food: Umm, well.. This place used to super amazeballs. It was so amazebally good that I picked this place over BWW. Never again, unfortunately. Their boneless wings are super salty. I wanted to throw 'em away. And their classic wings don't have enough sauce on them and are also a bit too much on the salty side. My favorite sauce however is Hickory smoked BBQ. Those are almost always delicious. 

Overall: Two stars. One star for the service, and an added star for their BBQ-flavored wings.
I love these wings!!! I wanna go back and get some more. I recommend the Cajun wings or the garlic Parmesan because the flavors are just spicy and soooo addicting. Definitely coming back for sure. Excellent customer service!
Not too happy with this location.  Went here for lunch this week and ordered the wicked combo meal and was asked to wait in front of the restaurant as it would take 3 minutes.  Well the 3 minutes turned into 15 minutes and so I didn't have time to eat it in my car and had to go right back to work,,,,Boo!
I've been here twice in one month and its a great location. The staff is polite, the store is clean, and the food is delicious. Yes you have to wait 5 minutes but at least its delicious and doesn't taste like its frozen coming out of a freezer!
First, I love their chicken, red beans & rice and biscuits. I use to go to the Rancho location because I believed it was better. But, this time I believe everything was fresh and yummy.

But, the only complaint I have is the fact that anytime I order the chicken tenders I have to wait for them to be done. My fiance doesn't mind because he says they are "extra fresh" but if I am in a hurry to get home I know I will be waiting at least 5 minutes. Just a FYI
Ordered the nice piece tender with a large cajun fries... and got 1 ranch dipping sauce. How is a brotha supposed to ration 1 ranch with 9 pieces of chicken??
For a 'fast food' place it gets 3 stars.

Cleanliness = 3* Floors were dirty.
Customer service = 3* Nothing special.
Atmosphere = N/A
Food = 3* Chicken is a bit dry, biscuit is good, and nice selection of sauces.

Certainly not the worst place, and may be acceptable for a quick/cheap lunch if you're in the area. However, I wouldn't waste a family dinner here, stick with Canes or even El Pollo Loco for your fast chicken!
What food we received was good for a fast food restaurant.  We ordered Popcorn Shrimp, Loaded Chicken Wrap, 3 piece Chicken dinner, fries and biscuits.  I got asked to pull around front.  I waited about 8 minutes the food was dropped off without a word.  I got home to find out our 3 piece meal wasn't in the bag.  Double check your bags before you leave.
Awww, my favorite fried chicken place EVER.  I love the food and always will, especially since I grew up in New Orleans, so it is in my DNA.  The service is ok, the restaurant is ok, and the speed is ok.  All of the OKs are why  gave it a 4 instead of 5 stars.
The chicken here is one of my favorites from any other fast food place in town. Crispy and super-southern! They also have an extensive menu on side choices, from mashed potatoes to a few types of beans, coleslaw, and even mac n cheese (DING DING DING winner) 

While the food here is delicious, the service sucks. I've never come in to contact with so many people that hate their lives than I have at this particular location. You just walk into the place and the cashier gives you this snooty look of HOW DARE YOU COME HERE. Like, bitch please I just want some chicken not your first born child.

Never go through the drive-thru if you can, at this location either. I've only done it about 3 times, and EVERY GODDAMN time, they fucked up my order, or didn't give me a fork or some shit. Plus the girl running the drive-thru window has a shit ton of acne, super gross face. She'll make you lose your appetite.
I don't know what it is about Popeyes that I love so much but their chicken strips is just the right amount of crispy, flavorable and juicy. I can't even begin to describe why I think it's the best chicken strip ever! And oh my....the red beans rice....yummo. The best thing on the menu is their snack wrap because it has a chicken strip and red beans and rice wrapped in a tortilla. Perfect everything in one bite.
As a general rule I don't review fast food chains, because well they are fast food chains, most people know what they are walking into and what to expect. But I felt inclined to comment as they have a fabulous Tuesday deal and I had to get the word out (and no they are not paying me to advertise). For $1.29 you can get two dark pieces of chicken (leg and thigh) on Tuesday and an additional $1.89 gets you a large drink, side of your choice and biscuit. Can't beat that with a stick! I went to the Craig Road location, although through my familiarity of Popeye's around town , I have had the two piece deal at the Rancho/95 location for 99 cents, when the Craig Road was $1.29. I don't know if it is still 99 cents though. 

Anywho, I prefer the spicy chicken and red beans and rice. Which at one point in my life I actually though was healthy, red beans and rice what could be bad about that - of course I didn't realize, or maybe I was in denial, that it is most likely cooked in lard (lard...yum). Fortunately, and unfortunately at the same time, the small side - is well really small- which I considered portion control. But again for the price on Tuesdays you just can't beat it if you are looking for greasy comfort food.
I'm just so torn on if I really like Popeye's Chicken or not. I do like their biscuits and their Bold BBQ Sauce is pretty great. The chicken stips are good took. They are always super crunchy and thats nice. I like the idea of the sides they offer like red beans and rice or jambalaya but it is the idea I like only. Not so much the execution. The red beans and rice I got tonight was perhaps lacking in beans. There was rice and what was most like refried beans, sort of saucey and thick. I only found a few whole beans. Overall, the food is not bad its just not that great either. And service can be hit and miss. The lady who took my order had a pleasent demeaner but the lady who called out when my order was ready did not. She asked me what kind of sauce I wanted. I asked what my options were and she told me in a rude kind if way that they were listed on the menu. Fine, I didn't read that part of the menu but good customer service dictates that she should have answered my question rather than get snarky and basically tell to figure it out.
Order online and track your delivery!  Except it was 20 minutes later than the tracking said they left the store.  Dominos is pretty consistent with their pizza.  We ordered 2 medium 2 topping pizzas $5.99 each and then $9.99 for 14 wings.  Bill came to $26 so I am guessing there was a delivery fee which I failed to check. 

Pizza #1 - Thin crust, extra bbq sauce, chicken and pineapple.  It was perfect.  I wish I had some right now.

Pizza #2 - regular crust, extra Robust tomato sauce with jalepenos and pineapple.  It was pretty good though I preferred the other.

Wings - Spicy and "slimy".  I don't know what it is with these places.  Seems I have only had non-slimy wings from our friends at BWW. Hm.  (anyways grilled them up and they were better)

All in all this is Dominos-nothing real special -just the usual chain place pizza. Nothin too crazay.... its just a "quick lets order some fast pizza cuz I don't want to cook right now" place.
This is chain pizza place...so you cant compare it to a traditional specialty pizza parlor..i.e. Mom and Pops place.

As a chain pizza place, the quality is pretty good. Really cant complain.

I've order pizza here many time...
Melissa is usually the one making it. She does a fantastic job!

Service:Good
Presentation:Good

Quality:Good (its a chain pizza place). Just like you cant compare Taco Bell to a authentic Mexican restaurant. 

So far no issues.
From order to pick up is usually about 15-20 minutes.

5/5 for a chain pizza parlor!!!
Burnt nasty food, missing key ingredients like the meat on the Philly steak...c'mon. Regardless if it's late and you're itching to go home, poor food and poor service is unacceptable. Your job is not hard. I'm pissed I even left a tip. It's only because I'm a server that I know how much tips help...not ordering from here again.
When it comes to pizza delivery, flip a coin, because your experience will change daily.  Overall, I'm not disappointed.  It has to be pretty bad. Pizza is hard to screw up, because even overcooked is really extra crispy lol, so I don't mind. Unless my pizza is charcoal, or missing ingredients, I'm happy.

Delivery is prompt and food is tasty.  Happy to have a gluten free option too.
Disgusted. My first and last time ordering from this dominos. I ordered HOT wings and got REGULAR soggy fatty wings. I could have probably saved money by making my own or throwing some frozen hot wings in the oven from the frozen section of the grocery store. My pizza which was thin and crispy looked like a card board burnt disc. Sad this what I ordered to feed my son for lunch. Never again. Ill stick with pizza hut.
I guess Church's Chicken is a brand name so you've either made up your mind about that brand, or have yet to try that brand, but for the most part you're going there for the brand name and not a unique experience. On the other hand though, this is an odd one. This used to be Philly Cheese Steak restaurant and it was one of those walk up or drive thru only type of deals that had no dining room. That store went down probably because of it's service. I remember that restaurant had a best Philly Cheese Steak of Las Vegas rating from the Las Vegas Review Journal for like 2 years in a row back in like 2001, 2002 or something like that. Then I remember ordering a a sandwich and waiting 45 freakin' minutes for a freakin turkey cheese steak sandwich and some fries. 45 freakin' minutes in somewhat cold weather because it was just turning into fall and I left the house without a jacket not thinking that it would be so cold, or that I would have to wait 45 freakin' minutes for one sandwich when I was the ONLY ONE standing in front of that place. I actually remember that when I was waiting for my order, a car that was ordering something through the drive thru cursed out one of the employees because he was waiting and it was his lunch break and he was pissed. Needless to say, that place got shut down a few months after. The had a decent sandwich but not worth 45 minutes of waiting... OUTSIDE!    IN LAS VEGAS!!!!! The conditions are never good outside here. It's either too hot, too cold, or windy as hell....It stayed shut down for about 3 years. 
 
   I believe it was somewhere around this time last year when Church's Chicken took over. I don't remember ever going to a Church's Chicken so I figured I'd give it a try. Initially I wanted to dine in but I soon realized that they didn't have a dining room. Either way, I wanted to try it and I walked up to the window. This was around 6-7pm, right in the middle of the night time rush and the window is facing one of the busiest streets in Vegas, Nellis Blvd....PLUS it was windy outside so I basically had to yell my order at the guy three times before he was able to hear what I said and he had to repeat it to me just a many times till he got the #whatever with the beans and extra corn, or whatever I ordered right. 

   As bad as that was, there was already two people that ordered before me. I guess the first person ordered a large order and had to wait a bit for her order. I think she ordered a bucket of something or an office trash can or whatever they put 20 pieces of chicken in. Anyway, both the person after her and eventually my orders came before hers and every time the window would open, that lady would walk up to the window and say "that's not my order". Well she was right but they never called her order for pick up in the first place. She did that again with my order and asked where the chicken was ( I ordered some chicken finger meal that all fit in one bag) and once again the guy had to say that it wasn't her order. Again. 

   I already was not liking this place, but I got my order and took it home. I ordered a meal that had the chicken strips, fries, a biscuit and a piece of corn..... The corn was good.... The chicken strips were really dry and all I remember was that NEEDED to eat it with the BBQ sauce and as soon as I ran out I stopped eating the chicken. The fries were garbage. They were this mix of being soggy and hard at the same time. It's as if they fried them and let them sit in the fryer but turned the heat off and just let them sit there. I barely even ate those fries. The biscuit was good though. They have those biscuits with the honey-butter baked into them. I wish I had some extra honey to spread on it instead of butter. The corn was...well it was corn. If they screwed that up then I would have left my house with that corn in my hand, go back to the store and break that window with it but luckily for them it was good. After all, all they had to do was throw it in some boiling water for a while. 

   Overall, I just did not like the place. I know that I didn't get the signature chicken wings that you're supposed to go there for but I still got something they were offering on their menu so either do it good or don't do it at all. There's a KFC, Wing Stop, and a Popeye's all within a block away from this place and any one of those are a better option for your fried chicken needs.
great deals, best biscuits, cheap, i love the cajun rice its the best. i love the spicy chicken and they're prices. i ordered a 9 peice for 6 bucks, a side of cajun rice and it came with 4 biscuits the total was 10 bucks and it fed 3 of us with more to spare but im a fat ass so i ate it all :)
Just clucking along. Good yardbird.
Never disappointing, always get my chicken strips made to order, & I don't even have to ask. Friendly service and always recommend this place to my buddy's.
chicken was great! a little pricy for a combo with fries coleslaw and drink but you get really good food for the money. the chicken tasted fresh and was perfectly fried. it also tasted very healthy. it wasnt dripping in oil. will go back just for some strips next time im in vegas.
there is  a freakin nail in their bread. i also heard that they had so much complaint in their food quality. never eat in this place ever!!!! especially the one in meadows mall.
I found myself at Meadows mall shopping early for Christmas gifts. Shopping can sure work up an appetite! I personally love Great Steak because I love their Philly Cheese sandwiches! My husband doesn't so we had to compromise. We decided to go to Chicken Now to get basic chicken tenders. I found out  later it's cheaper just to get a meal. The sauce that they serve with the chicken tastes really similar to Canes except Chicken Now's sauce is a bit on the salty side. The menu is a little more extensive then Canes they have things like chili cheese fries if you like that kind of stuff. They also serve the Texas toast with their meals like Canes.
Awesome chicken amongst the best.  Nachos could have more chicken and condoments. Monster fries also great but the original chicken is hands down the winner!!!!
Let me start off by saying they deserve no stars at all!!! 

Boyfriend and I waited a few minutes for anyone to even take our order. 

I ordered the grilled chicken quesadilla a la carte for $5.44 and an order of monster fries to share for $3.99. Boyfriend ordered the 5 piece buffalo tenders a la carte as well for $6.44. 

My quesadilla was a single soft taco sized tortilla folded in half. Could not even see the cheese from the side. Came with some lettuce and chopped tomatoes with about 6 stale tortilla chips and a blob of sour cream. Chicken was very blah.

Monster fries looked like French fries that had previously been fried then refried to our order. (working in the food industry I am very aware many places will blanch the fries but this was not the case) crunchy oil soaked fries topped in what I believe was chili, 3 jalapeño slices, about 5 pieces of diced tomato butts and some cheese. Oh almost forgot about the almost non existent bacon bits. 

My boyfriends chicken was drenched in the buffalo sauce and just wasn't very appetizing. He came home and was sick for an hour! 

This was the worst $20 I have ever spent on food!!! We will never be eating here again.
Honestly, I don't know what everyone is complaining about. I eat here almost every time I come to Meadows Mall and I love it. My food is never stale or bad, it they typically give me more than they are suppose to...even the first time I ate here they did. 

The only problem I can think of is some of the younger kids that work here. They don't pay attention and are a little rude....Kool-aid is super sweet sometimes too. Otherwise, I've never had problems and neither have all the friends I recommend this place to.
Surprising fresh and flavorful food.  We ordered the Ceasar Chicken Wrap, Chicken Nachos and Chicken Strips.  Portions were generous and we enjoyed them very much.  Recommend this place highly.  Will return if in the area again.
they are not consistent with their serving , evry crew has its own way of making menu.. not going here anymore! the service is good but the quality of food is horrible!
Never a disappointment. Best wings. Fuck BWW. Mon & Tues. 50 Cent wings. Best flavors are Original Hot and BBQ. Damn good !
On the wings of love!

No doubt that chicken wings have been around all of us since were young and didn't know it yet. They've filled our living rooms during football season, Sunday afternoons at the in-law's house, your cousin's girlfriend's baby brother's daughter's birthday party. And most of all, they're tied for number #1 reason to lick your fingers next to BBQ ribs! I've been all over the U.S. and I have yet to find wings and service as great as Wingstop on Craig Road! I don't eat in the restaurant as often as I used because I like to watch a movie with my girlfriend so I'll make a call to place the order.  When I do eat in, they have old school R&B music playing through the speakers at night and I love Motown! I've gone here a few times by myself and spent a little QT just vibing with the ambiance.

Best service! They always say "14 minutes" and they've never gotten anything wrong with my order. Sometimes though, sometimes they tend to get my name wrong but I understand my name doesn't make that task very easy.  I'll get Ahmed, Arman, and I even got Ivan. I usually give my nickname because it's easier.... failed plan! Some patrons may find that a bit annoying but personally, I find it amusing. I've turned the incorrect names I've gotten into a game. I'm planning to make a scrapbook and story of all the times and moments.  It comes with having a unique name right? :) Make sure they get your name right if you don't find that amusing though.

The different flavors are what makes this place a neighborhood favorite. My personal favorites are the Lemon Pepper and Garlic Parmesan. I prefer the "flats" as oppose to the drummettes. I also order my fries extra crispy! I make sure I have bleu cheese and my order is set to go! I also like their Hot flavor.  It has a sour zing to them (probably from vinegar in the sauce) which I enjoy a bunch! All the other flavors are good as well but the aforementioned are my personal faves! Enjoy and happy eating! :)
I've never had the wings but I can say that the chicken strips are the best I've ever had.  I get a 3 or 5 piece (naked) with BBQ sauce on the side and ranch dressing.  The fries are very good or you can get twisters (also great).  Its a very clean restaurant and the staff is top notch.  I go there at least once a week.  They are open late (midnight?) which makes it a great way to cure those late night cravings.
The wings are amazing, I have been to Wingstop twice only because it is a little bit of a drive. They have several different types of wings and are military friendly. They have fifty-cent wings Mon and Tuesday, their wings can come in boneless or bone-in. They also have freshly made ice tea and a selection of coke products for beverages. It is clean and has nice seating for young, old and in between.
This is my second time eating at  Wing Stop and it won't be my last. These are the best wings I've ever had, espeically here in Vegas. They're nice and crispy on the outside, but not fried so long that they're dry. I have two favorites. The first are the lemon pepper; they're sauceless (unless you count the grease as sauce) but they have enough flavor you don't need any sauce or dip. My second favorite are the hot (sauced), which are barely spicy to me, but have really good flavor. The hot wings are also their signature, so of course they have to be good right?

They also serve boneless wings, boneless strips, gliders, and five or six different sides. I got fries to go and that wasn't really a good idea. When I got them home they were really soggy, so I don't suggest getting them as a side if you're taking food to go...but they'd probably be excellent if you ate them there.

Overall I HIGHLY recommend to anybody looking for a good place to eat wings, not only in the North Las Vegas area, but in Vegas period!
Absolutley LOVE their wings!! I have never had a problem with them as I did at BWW plus a military discount!! Love all the flavors!!
I was never a big fan of chicken wings.. 
I know.. I know.. blasphemous... but all of that 
changed when I was introduced to Wingstop...
Their lemon pepper is hands down the best in the
city. 
Ive tried other peoples wings and theirs are usually 
too big to enjoy, we've all seen em.. the wings that are as 
big as breasts... yeah Im not a fan.. or too soft...
I prefer my wings crisp.. 
And wingstop fulfills all my needs.. bite sized and 
crispy skin.. Delicious from head to toe.. 
I will absolutely be back.. !!
I get to Wingstop about once a month, as there are not many fast, casual restaurants in N Las Vegas where I feel comfortable eating alone. I usually get a 10 piece boneless wings with the garlic and tangy barbecue flavors. The boneless wings run the gauntlet from big, juicy pieces to small, gristly pieces, and you never really know what you are going to get. I like the french fries, but again, there is very little consistency in quality. I never know if I am going to leave happy or hungry. 

I will continue to rotate my eating out at Wingstop, as the food is good when the quality is there.
I like this place, but for some reason I would much rather go to BWW. I've been here twice so far... its good but didn't impress me THAT much to get 5 stars, more of a 3.5. The bone-in wings was suuuper greasy and not as "flavorful" as i expected it to be, but their boneless was a little better. I guess i'll have to go back soon and try more flavors
Always a treat and great service
Good wings.
This is hubby and i favorite Friday night guilty pleasure! The wings are delicious as well as the fries! Yummmmie times 1000!
OMFG!!! Yes its that good. if you've never had wing stop then you havent lived. YES ITS THAT SERIOUS
What can I say, this is wing lovers heaven.  Never have I experienced the ability to choose from such a diverse selection of chicken wing seasonings.  It is a great spot for wings. It is a bit more upscale than a typical fast food wing joint. And they have prompt service and comfortable seating area.  

It is a great concept and the wings are good. I tried BBQ and the Lemon Pepper and Original.  I was a major fan of the Lemon Pepper.
Walked in around 12:45 pm for lunch  and was Greating a smile..( was not that Busy). I told them that i Never been to wings stop before that it was myfirst time and what would they recommened?  They offered combo with fires and drinks so I Had the Cajun Chicken Wings was very Good.....My friend Atomic -was very Hot spicy ( i could not eat that) ...:) All around was Good .... Only down Fall was they had NO garbage can anywhere...I watched a customers put there dirty tray on where we picked up our food. I dont think customers knows to leave there empty dirty tray on the table . 

Recommendation- put a garbage can out and you will have more clean table to seat on rather than a customer complaing to have someone clean the table. Within 10-15 minutes the place was busy, this must be a popular place ...:)
Gotta say these ate the best wings ever, the lemon pepper are our favorite. They seem to have raised the prices our check was a bit heavy for what we ordered, but you get what you pay for and these ate killer wings.
Moving from a city that you have lived in for a long time can be difficult, there is the excitement of what you may find in the city that you are moving too but there is the realization that just maybe, where you live now is as good as it gets.

When I left Las Vegas for Salt Lake City I had no idea that I was gong to miss my favorite wing joint as much as I do. Hey there must be a wing joint in Salt Lake that measures up to Wing Stop right ..................... oh, no not really!!!

Every time I make it back to Vegas getting over to Wing Stop to see all of my old friends and to partake in the best wings EVER is always on my to do list.

Everything at Wing Stop is melt in your mouth awesome, the wings are cooked to perfection, the fries are greasy goodness, and they have the best rolls that are second only to my mom's thanksgiving day rolls.

I simply cannot get enough of this place, I need a Wing Stop in Salt Lake or I need to make more trips to Las Vegas.

If you stop in tell Sharon the manager that Kish says hello, she will know who you are talking about, trust me.

Go to Wing Stop, enjoy the food, enjoy the great wing joint atmosphere, and thank me for the tip later.

Until next time fellow Yelpers ............... Be Local, Live Local, Buy Local!!!
the chicken fingers swept me away! i never went to wingstop cuz i hate chicken wings, but when forced to go with an associate, I had to admit after eating those fingers, I shall return to try all flavors (except the hot ones).
The lemon pepper wings were to greasy, and undercook. To salty, and lemon pepper tasted blend! The homage ranch dressing was terrible! The cheesy fries were okay, but no jalapeños in my cheese sauce! BWW better hands down! I have to admit. The Louisiana Cajun wings were okay!
I love the Louisiana rub & the garlic Parmesan wings !  Love their ranch dressing, makes everything taste delicious ! ;)  The soda machine here makes you want to try all the different sodas that's available (except the diet Fanta).
One star for the soda machine ...

We were not impressed .. Where to start ...

Customer service - bad, no hello ,no welcome, no nothing .. Attitude like they didn't want to be there or wanted us there.

Fries - who likes soggy over salted fries? Not any of us!

Wings - we tried mild,  original hot and atomic..  They were dry, small and lacked flavor :(

Maybe it was on off nigh, but since its not worth the price, we are not coming back .. Should of gone to BWW is what all three of us said.
Wings are excellent! The fries are sweet and salty awesome flavor (when it's hot). This is a regular spot for us on a Friday night when we do not want to buy pizza.
Super good! Best boneless wings in town. Freshly made and tasty flavor.
We've been coming here for the last couple years. Everything's always been good except one day my sliders were undercooked and I would've went back to complain but was too lazy. 

Since then we have went back and everything has been a'okay.

By the way, they don't serve sliders anymore and have new chicken strips that are great and cheaper than anything else on the menu!!
Lately, our family has been on a wing kick.  I have no reason why, we just all of a sudden over the last two months have been craving chicken wings.  There are a number of restaurants here in Las Vegas to satisfy that craving.  Seems like nearly every chain includes them on the menu in some appetizer form.  But what if there was a restaurant out there that ONLY served wings?  Ingenious!  There's a few out there, but our first try was Wingstop.

We actually have two locations within our neck of the woods, but one Wingstop location is located in the Santa Fe Hotel & Casino.  Went to this one over on Craig after hearing they had the ubiquitous choose-your-own-flavor-combination Coca-Cola Freestyle machine!  Selling Coke products in itself is reward for me!  I could sit there for hours thinking what to drink next.  I need one of these things in my house.  Along with some insulin.

Entering the restaurant is nice enough, lots of green, white, gray, and I like the dark wood.  Definitely gives off a sports bar vibe.  And sure enough, multiple flat screen TV's spread throughout the dining area all showing some sort of sport.  Sweet!  Eat some wings, watch some football!  Darnit, why Wingstop don't you serve up some beers!  Would be perfect!

Wingstop offers three main kinds of chicken:  classic wings, boneless wings, and boneless strips.  Boneless wings and boneless strips look almost the same, except that boneless wings are shaped more like wings (duh).  All get the same treatment though, a ride through the flavor train of one of Wingstop's 10 different sauces!  Toot toot!  You have as your choices (from mild to hot):

-Teriyaki
-Hawaiian
-Garlic Parmesan
-Lemon Pepper
-Hickory Smoked BBQ
-Mild
-Louisiana Rub
-Original Hot
-Cajun
-Atomic

We haven't tried them all yet, but so far our faves are the Louisiana Rub, Lemon Pepper, and the Original Hot.  Finger lickin' good!  I know there are some reviews with complaints about their wings not done properly, and of course this can happen.  Lucky for us, our wings were cooked just right - moist and juicy on the inside, slightly crunchy skin of the outside!  No pink in the middle for us.  We tried the classic wings and the boneless strips.  I must say, even though the strips are a bit meatier, I prefer the joy of eating a classic wing.  They originated in Buffalo for Christ's sake....they are called BUFFALO WINGS!  Yeah I just stick with the classic.  But I'm sure kids out there might rather have boneless wings or strips.

Not only do you get your chicken dragged through sauce, but you can also opt for a dip.  Your choice of either a container of Ranch or Bleu Cheese, Honey Mustard, or Hot Aged Cheddar Cheese.  Original Hot wings with a dip of Bleu Cheese?  I'm set.

Wingstop offers a variety of combo meals to fit your needs.  You have individual combo meals, meals for two, and even family packs.  If it's just the wifey and I we go with the 15 piece wing combo meal for two.  If it's us with the kiddies we opt for one of the smaller family packs.  Good thing about these is that we can choose wings, boneless wings, or strips, or a combination of all three.  Everyone can be happy.

Wingstop also has a number of sides to choose from:

-Seasoned Fries
-Veggie Sticks (carrot and celery)
-Bourbon Baked Beans
-Cheese Fries
-Yeast Rolls 
-Coleslaw
-Potato Salad

I like the seasoned fries and the veggie sticks.  Here's a tip though - ask for them to cook the fries longer!  Sometimes they pull them out a bit early and you end up with soggy fries.  Disaster!  I tend to like mine more on the overdone side.

Prices are ok, about what you think it would cost for chicken and fries.  In the range of about $8-$9 for an individual combo meal.  You get a bit better deal on the combo meals though instead of a la carte.  Reason I had to knock down Wingstop a star is because the service is hit-or-miss.  One person helping you may be great, but the person next to them might be downright dreary.  Hey chica, if you don't want to work there...leave!  Massive unemployment and mouths to feed means someone will gladly take your spot right away.  Just sayin'.

Wingstop.  Stop...for wings!
chicken lovers just love wingstop! you just can't stop the loveee!! 

AMBIANCE: 5 - they have actually expanded to include more seats and flat screens to the left of the register! most people like to sit in and eat because they're eager and hungry!!! 

SERVICE: 5 - fast and efficient! they are accurate and really good at getting orders done. we do takeout all the time, and sometimes they are a few min late, but it's not a big deal! 

FOOD: 5 - I've eaten so much chicken that i think I've grown wings..I recommend garlic parm and Louisiana rub with ranch! no other flavors need recognition :) 

but I give this a 4 because I feel like their fries are really lacking something in quality. they should pass out dinner rolls instead lol.
I love Wing Stop!  I was excited to see one so close to our new home in Vegas...SLC doesn't have one.

We tried it out on a Saturday night...so it was hopping.  Their flavors are awesome and the dipping sauces are oh emm goodness!  The ranch is my fav, but the blue cheese is great too!

We tried the boneless this time and I have to say they were a little dry.  Wish there had been more sauce.  Especially on the garlic Parmesan!  There was plenty of Parmesan but hardly any garlic sauce.

We will be back though....I dream of their fries and seasoning!  You know you can ask for extra seasoning on the side, right??!!
Called in our order at 12:35 for pick up. They told us it'll be ready in 18 minutes. We arrived at 1:08 & paid for the food. We waited and waited and still no food. We never really had an issue with Wing Stop before. Usually when we call in our order, we arrive & everything is ready to go. 

At 1:24 we asked why we don't have our food yet & it's been almost an hour since it was called in. The lady went in the back and got our food order. Apparently it was sitting there the whole time. WOW. No apologies or anything. 

Didn't give them 1 star because the food never disappoints. Wish I could say the same for the staff today.
Food was great but the cashiers really need some training in customer service. We had ordered online and was accidentally sent to the store on Nellis and the cashier told us where it was and acted like we should waste our time and drive over there we pretty much had to ask her to help us. She was very short and unfriendly with us. Definitely not a person that should be working face to face with the public
The wings served here are excellent. They don't have an incredibly large sauce selection, but the quality of the chicken is much better than other wing places. That said, it can be a bit expensive! They have a really fun soda machine, and that's definitely a plus. (I will be a return customer anywhere I can get peach soda for sure.)

They are usually very busy, though. Almost every time I call I have a hard time getting through. I have to call multiple times for someone to pick up, and when someone does, I immediately get put on hold.
I don't care how good the food is, the service at this location is horrendous and it's not even worth it. I've lived in the area for many years and have frequented this location more than once. If this review was  a few years ago I would have gladly give them more stars but there is no way they deserve one! 

We were in the area and wanted wings, so I decided I'd call ahead to place the order. The phone was busy for awhile and when I finally got through to someone she put me on hold and continued to do so over and over; they never did make it back to the phone to take my order, I sat on hold until I was about a block away when I finally hung up. We went in to the place the order, which took them a minute because they spent time looking at one another, walked away like we were invisible and then finally someone decided to take our order. They acted like they were beyond bothered they even had to work and not only was is it not that busy, they were just putting people on hold to avoid placing their order (BTW if you were a caller on Tuesday evening on 05/20 and someone kept answering and just putting you on hold, no it was not busy and yes the dipshits were doing it on purpose) My husband decided to stay with our food because like the reviewer two posts down, who put in their order and it was just sitting and no one told them, was the same experience we had on our last visit and no they did not apologize to us either.  

This is our 3rd bad service and last time we will order from this location (unless there is a total turnaround). The customer service or lack there of is ridiculous! Their wings can be good all day long, but I am not about to pay  for food if their employees act the way they do and deliver the service that they do. If CS is meaningless to you, then you can gladly consider them 3 to 4 stars.... but it depends on how cold your food is from the lack of consideration they have for customers.
They are wayyyy overpriced for a regular 6 piece chiv ken wings and fries rather go to wingstop and get triple the amount for the price we pay here.    Plus their wings are really greasy . And French fries are soggy . No Bueno
I normally don't like eating fried foods because of the greasiness, but I guess it's ok once in a while. I would rather make a call next time.

The service was ok I mean they gave me enough time to see what I wanted and when I was ready I still was waiting for a couple minutes. Nothing too bad to complain about but that's what happened.

I ordered the 3 chicken strip meal, parmesan and garlic, usually i'd go for hot and mild sometimes.

The atmosphere was cool and filled with airplane parts and had a couple of tv's which wasn't too shabby.

The flavor was alright although you can taste the parmesan and garlic, it wasn't too strong, the texture was semi crunchy if not dry although there were small bits that were a little soggy, The fries just seemed kinda greasy and soft but did have that salt and sweet taste, The ranch was really rich and creamy though. They did have a multi drinks mixer but I just had water...maybe next time i'll try the lemonade.

Between wingstop and wings n things I would have to go with wings n things. But Wingstop is definitely a contender.
I am a wing eater and the only kind I eat is bbq and this place I would rank as # 1 in town the flavor is amazing and with the blue chesse dressing (or ranch) you get you will be in heaven.
So this is my 2nd Wingstop I have visited and I am still in love!

This particular location is smaller then what I have previously been too, but still a great operation.  The staff is super friendly and welcoming.  There is a small seating area and some TVs to watch during lunch.  It is a nice place to grab a fast lunch and be out quickly.

The boneless chicken wings are delightful, especially the Louisiana Rub flavored ones.  YUMMY!  I have tried pretty much all of the flavors and I don't think you can go wrong with any of them.  The lemon pepper flavor is quite interesting though.  I usually get a few of those to go in the mix just because it is such a unique flavor.  I actually had a dream about the boneless wings from Wingstop.  You know it's good when you dream about the food!  I like the fries too.  They have a sweet & salty seasoning on them that make them tasty.

I haven't eaten here, instead I usually put in a huge take away order to bring back to my mom's house.  Yep, that's right, I got my mom addicted to Wingstop and we have had it 3 times in the past month.  Ha ha!
Really good! Great atmosphere and friendly service. We went to this Wingstop because we were attending a high school football game right around the corner. We will definitely be back.

 The wings were really yummy, they provide you with plenty of ranch and the veggies were nice and fresh. They also have a new Coca-Cola machine that was fun to use and try different drink combos. 

The ladies taking orders at the counter were super, super friendly despite how crazy busy they were. 

Thanks for a fun, pre-football meal!
I love me some wings. This is the best wing stop in town. The manager is really cool. His name is Steve and he always talks with us and he apparently writing a book about names and it totally names sense!! 

Anyways, I like their boneless wings. Best sauce is lemon pepper or hot. I've never tried the atomic but my friend said her mouth and butt was on fire!! 

Their fries are really great when seasoned well. I've ordered too before and they weren't as good. Not sure if they sat too long or just didn't make them as good that day. Today when I came the food was on point, but the free style side machine was missing flavors and drinks.. Sad Nikki.
This place has nice decorations but the place feels extremely crowded. 
The tables are small and they aren't cleaned off in a timely manner once the customers leave. 

There is only one soda machine and that makes you have to occasionally wait in a short line. The bathrooms are kept locked and you have to ask the cashiers to unlock it, but when they are busy with taking orders you will either have to wait in a long line or just tuff it out :P. 

I didn't eat here because I felt the place didn't deserve my money, I would only recommend this place on their slow days.

Well, hope this helps you guys and thanks for reading.
I love this place! It's a small location, but the service is awesome and the food is delicious. The employees are really friendly as well.
Good food, but some of the WORST service I have ever had at a fast-food restaurant!

Popeyes is a chicken franchise that has been around for several decades now. Recently, the chain opened up several more stores in the Vegas Valley. After coming to this particular store on more than a few occasions, I can safely say that probably wasn't a good thing.

What is it with fast food restaurants hiring idiotic staff? They have screwed up my order numerous times (I order a chicken nuggets kids meal and get home and find a DRUMSTICK in there instead!?) The staff are utterly clueless, and half the time they don't know the answers to the questions you ask them.

One time the person ringing my transaction had the audacity to say "have a nice day" as if dismissing me, BEFORE GIVING ME MY DRINKS AND CHEESECAKE. 

Expect to repeat your order several times, because they don't listen the first time. 

Go here if you like the franchise and their food, but go at your own risk, and double-check your order when you get it.

Food: B-
Service: D-
This location does not offer daily specials, but the Maryland Parkway location does. They also don't seem very bright, but the portions seem bigger here than other locations I go to.  They do the Tuesday 99 cent deal for 2 pieces, which is a real bargain.  The regular menu is kinda pricey, so I'm stickin with the Wicked Chicken Basket for $3.99 whenever it's in season.  I miss the Popcorn Chicken special.  I always ask for spicy, and sometimes they mess up and give me regular.  Oh well.  :-P
I don't think I'll go back! The chicken was hard and very dripping oil, wife and kids did not like it, had to give left over to my dog, I would go to KFC next time.
After ousting KFC from my chicken menu when they decided to disgrace the colonel's recipe, I have been desperate to find a decent chicken place.
I have always liked Popeye's but this location is making it too difficult. This goes specifically mention the lack of proprietorship that I have experienced in my last 3 visits.  
The first of these 3 visits is not having product ready in such an under-demanding hour- 3:30 PM is ample of enough time to recover from a lunch hour and to begin work-ups for the dinner rush. But not for me. I had to wait for biscuits because their inability to foresee that they would be open.
The 2nd of these visits, they had run out of product for their Dippin' Chicken promotion.
The 3rd visit, they had the chicken for the promotion, but they were out of the sauce.
Please, if this is a corporate store, consider me for managing this location. People are looking for work, and at least with me, you won't have these problems. Or at least hire someone who that who can upkeep the company image and maximize the potential of this location. It seems like these guys are all good when they get their pay checks but when it comes to providing service to the people, they have questions they can't answer. Maybe get the guys from Sahara and Jones to teach them, cuz they're good.
Surliness comes standard at Popeyes with every meal or drive-thru order. This is the anti-shrine to service with a smile customer service, it's Louisiana fast food with attitude. So why go there? For us it's spicy chicken strips. Since there's no Chick-Fil-A in Vegas with spicy chicken and the over hyped Raising Canes seems to not know where the spice container went this is the only place that takes care of the spicy chicken strip cravings. 

It's on Boulder Highway! Oh my gawd, you might have to go into a "sketchy" part of town! Puhleeze, get over it! Go. You know you want chicken! Double check your order, be prepared to overpay a bit, and when you get an attitude or have to repeat your order 4x don't gripe. You were warned. I go for the chicken strips but they have other good things too. (Their coleslaw is better than most places I've found yet in Vegas by far!)
Had mixed quality results here. Bad popcorn shrimp once. My dog couldn't even chew it. Last time the chicken was old and dry. Doubt I will try again
This is from 9/10/2012 My lazy self is just now...filling this out...
The owner and his staff are very unpolite and selfish humans. People everything is extra if u want a napkin...thats extra...you want water you know what...thats extra. Dont inhale cuz thats extra. Now should you pull up to the drive thru you will be told welcome to pop eyes please hold...each and every time. They always out of something and treat u like u how dare u expect hot chicken from us! So what we out of chicken...dont come in here and demand chicken from us...make n demands yeah thats 25 cents extra. So what you can take your business some where else guess what take n ya business some where else...is extra. Yes they provide cold half ass fried chicken the corn is always over cooked with a burnt smell and taste. They never butter the corn. And they always out of something. But they stank attitude is a must because they never out that that mess....EVER. Matter O fact they give that free...Oh who am I kidding you know thats extra!
Love the $0.99 two piece leg and thigh special on Tuesdays. I've been going here for several weeks now and I haven't had any service or food quality issues. In fact, I've even gotten extra pieces sometimes.

Go here on Tuesdays and get yourself a bunch of cheap fried chicken. Not much else to say.
Initially I would have given this joint 5 stars due to the incredible service we received on our first time in. A lovely girl named Victoria helped us figure out just what we wanted and even brought our food out to us and asked us later how everything was, we were very stunned by her service. 

The next time we came back and every time after was not as good. When going through drive through it seems like they always forget something and when going inside the service just doesn't exist. The food is ALWAYS good. In fact its my husbands favorite chicken joint. He's in love with the blackened ranch sauce and I prefer the mardi gras mustard. It's superb. Bump up the service a little and this place will be perfect.
Maybe it was a fluke but we had a big order and everything came out perfect. The girl behind the counter was helpful in assisting us to decide on what to get. The chickens delicious. Best fast food fried chicken around. A tad expensive but then again we were feeding nine people. We had enough and a little left over. Id definitely eat here again.
Horrible service and slow to boot. The only reason they get 2 stars is that they're close to my house and the food is delicious. But I won't be coming back just because they let the lines get too full too easy. And they don't want to smile or pretend like they care. Plus the area it's in brings in the less-than-comfortable crowd.
We just came back from Popeye's and I see how many people have complained about the service. Just like reviewer, Alicia T. we were lucky enough to be waited on by VIctoria. WOW! If I currently owned a business, I would have grabbed her, paid her twice what she is making and hired her, so sweet and helpful. Our food was good, my only complaint is too much salt, but I feel that way about most everything that isn't made at home.
I enjoy Popeye's, most times.  This visit, I'd swear there were only idiots working there.  My chicken tasted and seemed old (not fresh).
They have good chicken and bomb biscuits when fresh. I just hate the service and paying for sauce. I mean I just bought a 12 pc bucket can I have atleast one sauce? I understand if I didn't buy chicken but whatever lol end rant.
I got $0.99 problems but the Tuesday deal from Popeyes ain't one. 99 cents for two pieces of chicken hits the spot once in a while and Popeyes always come through. I don't come here often but it's hard not to take advantage of this deal. I always add some biscuits, they are delicious. Their chicken seems to be consistent  and  service is average for a drive thru place.
Great staff and the great taste of Popeye's!  So much more friendly and honest than the new S. Stephanie location. It's worth the extra ten minute drive to get great quality with actual customer service.
Ordered using iPhone app. Store has excellent and quick delivery, even on typically busy nights. Took advantage of 3 md pizzas for $5.55 ea, add on toppings are not a great value, and while delivery is less than Pizza Hut, it still sucks that they charge all orders an extra $1.99 on top of tax. Pizzas were delivered super hot in about 25 minutes. Everything was made correctly and tasted good. Will definitely get pizza from there again!
This Dominos does have tasty food, their buffalo wings are not very good though.  Their pan pizza is very tasty when it is made properly.  The problem I have with them is that all too often they do not put enough cheese on the pizza we have ordered.. Too many times I have ordered triple cheese on my pizza, and when I get it you can actually see parts of the crust in different places all over the pizza  :(   I think if you have paid for triple cheese, you should get it on there!  The pizza does come fairly fast. It has always been hot and fresh.  We have stopped ordering from them for awhile. We just don't appreciate paying for something we do not get. If it happened only a time or two, that is acceptable, but it is not acceptable when it happens most of the time...
I ordered pizza again from Dominos.  I paid $21.18 for a large thin crust pizza with what was suppose to be triple cheese and beef on it!!  Once again... they didn't put the triple cheese on it even though I had to pay extra for that cheese.. I DID NOT GET WHAT I PAID FOR AGAIN!!!!  It is very disappointing to order something a certain way that you would like to have it, even though you have to pay extra money to get it  that way... and when it comes..they ripped you off and didn't put it on there!! I thought I might give them another chance to see if they give me my pizza the way I ordered it... but unfortunately NO THEY DIDNT... I think I should do to them like I did to pizza hut and just stop ordering from them completely because I am tired of ordering extra cheese on my pizza from there and not getting it..   Why should we have to pay for extra cheese if they aren't going to  put it on there anyway???
we ordered from here again tonight ... no it is not a fluke! it seems every time we order from here, something has gone wrong with our pizza... I took pics of the pizza we ordered, if I can I will put them on here...it was really overcooked!!!
I have ordered from here before and it used to be good.. I am not sure I will order from here again. Every time I order from here, they don't put much cheese on the pizza or it is burned or half raw or something... This time they didn't put any sauce on the pizza!!!  it wasn't very good to say the least.......
Ordered a bacon cheeseburger pan pizza from here. The pizza was ten minutes later than the time said it would take to get here, which is really sad seeing this dominos is just down the road from us.  It came looking like we had ordered it yesterday and took it out of the fridge and had reheated it!!!!  and once again, they forgot the pizza sauce on the pizza!!!  I do not understand how a place that makes pizza forgets to put the pizza sauce on the crust!!  I called to complain about the pizza sauce and told them i could handle that the double cheese i ordered on it was not on the pizza, and i could handle the fact that it came cold, but i can't handle it having no sauce on it!! they did give us a credit for it, which is pretty much useless at this point with them... NOT IMPRESSED WITH THE DOMINOS!!!  I told my husband we should pick up a dominos pizza at one that makes a great pizza, because we have had them, and bring it to this dominos and show them how a dominos pizza should be made!!!!  This dominos, hands down, is the worst pizza place i have ever ordered from!!!! They had their pizzas half off the regular menu price... we still paid 12.16 for a medium pan pizza!!! plus a $4 tip for the driver...
I place my order via the Internet. the website is very user friendly, not a lot of unnecessary questions. Pizza tracker on the website is pretty cool with the exception of the  "quality check"  for whatever reason this store seems to skip that step. I have posted a picture of the pizza that was delivered. Not very appetizing! the wings could have used a little more time in the oven.  I rated my experience on their website, and to my surprise within minutes I was contacted by a manager that goes by the name of Talmadge. He was able to handle my concerns in a professional manner, for that reason my review goes from 1 star to 4.
Ordered pizza online and it was very easy and quick! Delivered in about 15 mins and pizza and wings were hot and yummy. :) thanks Bobby! (as it was stated online..)
Overall serves on a timely manner and gets the order right a 95% of time just forgets a side of sauce here and there. And just has a few crazy drivers that seem unsafe in the neighborhood
Disgusting!! Ordered a pizza from here for delivery and it had a hair!! Called and spoke to Daniel the manager he seemed like it didn't matter (apparently these people do not wear hair nets) and was only going to replace one of the pizzas we order. Then when asked to credit our account and forget the whole thing he CHARGED us again!! Horrible horrible horrible!! Never again!!
First time ordering, ordered pasta and pizza. Finally arrived and pasta was incorrect. When I asked to driver to take it back and refund my money or to bring me a new order, he told me he didn't want to take the pasta back and I could just call the store and they would credit me for next time, and just call and order a new pasta. He was terribly inconvenienced that they incorrectly made my order and let me know he was not going to help me but was more than willing to keep my tip. 

Stay away from here and just order from someplace else. It's not worth the hassle for subpar pizza.
Get my Pizza here all the time.  It is a Domino's Pizza, hand tossed crust, etc. Great job, great value, great taste.
The only thing Dominos has going for them is fast delivery. I ordered a pizza today for me and my daughter...half the pizza just cheese and the other half pepperoni. I had one piece of pizza with 10 pieces of pepperoni on it and the other 3-4 slices had just 1 or 2. pieces of pepperoni. 

I keep seeing commercials on how these pizza makers are "artists." Apparently I got a 1st grade finger painter handling my pizza tonight.
I was super excited when I heard Harold's was opening up in Vegas. In my opinion Chicago has some of the best food around. I got the wing dinner and some extra chicken on the side with hot sauce. It was pretty packed when I went which was late afternoon but I only waited about ten minutes. I heard from another friend that the wait can be a lot longer and that they occasionally sell out in the evenings. I do wish they gave you more cold slaw and I'm not a huge fan of the fries because to me they are a little soggy. But I went for the chicken anyways which was perfectly fried to perfection.
My husband is from Chicago so he's the reason as to how I heard about this place. They just opened recently but you would NEVER know that, this place was super busy! 

We had the chicken and fries & pizza puff, -- SO GOOD. I've never had a pizza puff, it's like the totino's pizza rolls but WAY better & bigger! Almost everyone that was in there, had one! Chicken was good, it's breaded & seasoned, very good. 

The 4 stars is because of the seating, it was so packed and it's a very small restaurant so it fills quick. Luckily I had my son grab the first available table while we ordered. Other than that, awesome lil spot.
I grew up on the South-Side of Chicago in Hyde Park and in fact, I work in Chicago as an Executive VP at the famous Regal Theater on 79th Street.  My husband and I have lived in Las Vegas for 15 years.  Nobody here can make fried chicken like Harold's...NOBODY!!!  The taste is so unique and finger likin good.  Another location is soon to open on 215 & Trop...wish the heck they put one in Centennial Hills.  The one on Rainbow can not handle all the business they are getting.  They need help! Let all your friends know what's happening at the Regal www.chicagoregal.com
Tried this restaurant based on other Yelp reviews and being in the area.  Place was very busy at 2PM on a Sat. afternoon (usually a good indication), but was able to find a table.  Took a while to get to the order counter due to the line, but not an issue.  Counter person taking orders was very busy but friendly, back counter staff were very busy and matter of fact.  Ordered some chicken, fries and the pizza puff.  Got cole slaw and bread as well (and some fries came with the chicken).

In general, I thought the food was ok - more like 2.5 stars (but gave the review the benefit of the doubt with 3 stars).  Chicken pieces were very large, but not particularly flavorful.  Breast pieces were very large, and slightly undercooked in the center, which was a bit of an issue - undercooked chicken is not a good thing.  I found most of the flavor was not from the chicken or coating, but from the sauces (we got the sauce on the side).  Mild sauce was sweet, hot sauce had a Frank's Hot Sauce vinegar-hot quality to it.

Fries were ok, pizza puff was interesting and ok.  I suspect this is a Chicago/Indiana tradition that is sought after from people from that area who now live in LV.  

I would much rather have M&M Soul Food (or even Popeyes) - more flavor and seasoning.
Chicago has a huger influence on Vegas than most people notice. I honestly think that California is the only place that has more Vegas transplants.
While I grew up in Vegas I was a Chicago baby and my family would always tell me about this place called Harold's Chicken shack. The fact that they would open up one in Vegas is so random, but I digress. 
The chicken is pretty delicious, better than KFC, but not as good as Popeye's. Fries were a bit bland but add some salt and they're fine. 
Definitely will go back again.
We were trying to decide on someplace closeby and relatively cheap...  My friend had heard about this place and we figured why not give it a try.  It's relatively small inside and everything looked really clean.  

I went with a 1/2 chicken dinner and decided to try their fried chicken livers too.  Everything was cooked/fried to order, so expect it to be hot and fresh!  The chicken was definitely tasty... although the pieces seemed to be on the small side.  But still plenty of food for the price.  You can see the flecks of pepper and seasoning in the coating.  Definitely tasty chicken!  I had the mild sauce...  which almost seems like a mildly spicy ketchup.  It's good... but next time I'll try the hotter one.  The chicken livers were pretty much as expected...  pretty big sized and good.  Fries.... eh, not the best....  seems like they only fry them once, instead of twice like most places.  Cole slaw was delicious... creamy and a little sweet.... just the way I like it.

Kind of wish I could give it 3 1/2 stars...  I'll be back.... want to try the fried gizzards
Catfish is the business !!!
Impossible to review. I ordered a half white with hot sauce on top. They put BBQ sauce on instead, and I didn't find out til I got home. Harold's with hot sauce is Incredible. With BBQ sauce, it is Terrible. I tried wiping it off, but the fries and bread were already ruined, and I couldn't get rid of the awful, sickly sweet, generic store brand tasting BBQ sauce taste. I can't even tell you if the chicken was cooked well b/c Harolds is all about the Combination of chicken, hot sauce, fries, grease and bread.  This was inedible. 

I've eaten Hundreds of times at different Harolds' in Chicago, and have been missing it since I moved here. I was very excited to see they opened one here, and imagine driving the whole way home anticipating a great Harolds meal and being So disappointed. I'll try again, and check the sauce before I leave, but this one is their fault, so they get a one.

Other Items:

They use Wonder WHEAT bread on bottom, not White.
The breast is medium sized - not scrawny like the South Loop location, but smaller than a Good Harolds.
There is no portrait of Harold in the store. 
They have a drink fountain, not a soda machine.

********UPDATE**********

I have eaten several times here since my last visit, and it has been much better than my first visit. It is now the equivalent of the Halstead Harolds - not quite the 183rd and Kedzie level, but way above the South Loop.
24 chicken wings. 6 fried catfish. A bunch of fried mushrooms. Done done and done!!!

Not your KFC or Popeyes. You can tell this place has a secret family recipe (the lady who rings you up is from Chicago and is super nice...she calls all of her customers "Baby"). The taste and texture is something else!

Off the strip quite a ways but consider this recovery fried chicken after a night or nights of binge drinking and early mornings in Vegas!
Went here on a recommendation. Decided to up the ante by taking people with. A bucket of wings (not my fave part of the chicken, but I digress), and those absolutely mouth watering fried mushrooms put me in place. The place is a delight. The fry is light, but good. It reminded me of the Simpsons episode where they turned Moe's into a TGIF and Homer fried everything. I would eat my own fist if it was lightly breaded and fried at Harold's. And the nice lady at the counter would make me feel like it was A-OK.
I'm a life-long afficianado of chicken and fish. Originally from Kansas City and now in Las Vegas, I grew up with an amazing amount of choices of great local KC chicken restaurants. Today, my good friend is in visiting from Phoenix. He's also a native of KC. We went to Harold's on recommendation and he had gizzards and wings and I had livers and wings. I live on the far east side of the valley near Sunset Mountain, so it was a bit of a drive to Harolds. We didn't try the food until we returned to my house and we both quickly realized that our food was drowning in salt. If it wasn't so far, I would return the food and demand a refund. I LOVE fried chicken. This (based on my first and last visit) is the worst that I've ever had. They do a booming biz. Maybe it's a favorite of smokers that can no longer taste their food? My local Popeyes shames their food and costs much less.
Good luck.
The Chicken and the Perch were good, I recently visited Chicago and the food at the Harolds on 87th and the Dan Ryan was much tastier. I will be returning to my local Harolds again though.
I've heard so many rave reviews of this place, I had to give it a try, even though it's a bit of a drive from work. I went with the Gizzards & Wings combo and added a small side of fried okra.

I have to be honest. I'm a little disappointed. I only got two wings in the order and the rest of the plate was gizzards. While they both tasted good, I was expecting more wings. Just my opinion, but the gizzards should be an accompaniment to the wings, not the other way around! I can only eat so many. The plate also comes with fries and some coleslaw. The fries were decent, but not as good as they could be.

I wanted to love this place, especially since they gave me extra food due to an error on their part. While I was waiting for my meal, the guy comes out and explains that the cook misheard and started preparing Giblets instead of Gizzards & Wings. They offered to give me the Giblet plate as well. I took the offer, but I'm so full from eating gizzards that I'm not sure if I'll ever get to it (it's in the fridge).

I'm a little fried out at the moment (and definitely gizzarded out), but I definitely want to come back and try something else. I'll probably try one of their chicken dinners or perhaps a fish plate. For now, I have to give them an A-OK.
I looked up this place for the fried gizzards and fried mushrroms. However i found it to be so much more. Great people working there and a very very clean place. The nice man that helped us behind the counter came out and cheacked on us a number of time. If you want a nice good downhome lunch with some nice good old downhome food this is your place.
Feels like i just ate 9 gazzillion calories and I'm either slipping into cardiac arrest or a food coma but its Harold's so totally worth taking that chance.. just have the EMT team ready with the paddles nearby. 

I remember my first time going to a Harold's in the South side of Chitown with a few of my boys, where  Harold's Chicken Shack originated from years ago. It's still pretty nostalgic for me. The first and only eatery that I'd been to where the register is behind bulletproof glass. THIS IS JUST A FRIED CHICKEN JOINT. I thought I was making a bank transaction. Yeah we were real deep in the hood of Southside Chi. But so what, we hadn't eaten all day. Hungry, tired and restless we were lookin for cheap, good, fast (not MCDs fast), local food. We damn near struck gold with Harold's upon a recommendation. This is chicken fried to order so don't expect your eager KFC chicken azz to get your order out so quickly.

Anyhow, fastforward nearly 5 years later. I'm at the Acura dealership in LV I'm talking to my salesman and he tells me there's a Harold's out here. On the exterior I kept it cool as we were negotiating the terms of our deal but in my mind I was flippin' my wig, not about the Acura I was about to sign off on but more eager to find Harold's!

But alas, -1 star for the inconsistent seasoning. There's been times where its been either over-salted (or been in the brine for too long?) while other visits have yielded steaming hot, crunchy goodness. I wish they provided more than just a tiny portion (you'll see what I mean) of slaw. If you choose to grab a basket I would forgo the 2 slices or white bread that typically come with them if you don't feeling like eating them. Its to collect the dripping sauce from the wings but I feel as though the fries that lay beneath the wings already do a great job of doing so, unless like me, you order the sauce on the side. Minus .02351091 star for no ominous looking bulletproof glass in front of the counter. But I'm rounding up. Jokes aside, I'm goin' again. Just haveta invest in a defibrillator first.
Popped in to pick up some dinner on the way home. I got the 3 Piece Chicken Strips and Fries special. When I got home (about a mile away) and dug in, my fries were already soggy. They may have been served up that way, seeing as there wasn't much time for them to get soggy in transit. 

I ordered my food "Chicago-Style" which meant "covered in sauce"; I also went for the hot sauce (after living in the South, I'm accustomed to all things hot). The strips were delicious and the breading was incredible! Albeit soggy, the fries covered in hot sauce were still good. Dunking them in buttermilk ranch probably helped. It was too much food for me to eat in one go-round, but it was all very good.

I didn't try the coleslaw because I hate cabbage, so I can't comment on that.

I'll be going back to this place to try the fried mushrooms and okra soon. All in all, good food at good prices with a friendly staff! Way better than KFC, Popeyes, Canes, etc.
Second time here just had to try it again, it's one of those places, I have to scratch my head ; wondering what the fuss is all about.
             First time had the fried chix w/ the mild sauce ,the sauce tasted like ketchup. I'm not complaining , because it's the way I eat my fried chix anyway, but call it a sauce , please. This time I had the hot sauce figuring it was spicy ketchup, wrong it was, well hot sauce from the bottle . It was hard to eat  , like eating hot wings w/o the blue cheese dressing.  I had the half chicken combo ,all dark meat 2 thighs and 2 drumsticks it came with a little container of cole slaw and a fair amount of fries. There was a little wait because they cook to order. The chicken is alright , your basic fried chix , nothing special. 
                    Popeye's here I come!!
Digity Dang!

So my daughter says I am craving fried chicken - can we go to KFC.  I said yes to fried chicken no to KFC.  I had heard about Harolds on Yelp, so let's get in the car a go for a drive.

The place was packed.  Always a good sign.  We ordered a half chicken and an order of gizzards.  I ordered the gizzards just to try something new.  

I have never had gizzards before so I have nothing to compare them to - but I would say I dont like them.  Not that the gizzards were bad, I just didn't care for them.

The Chicken was dang tasty.  The breast meat was super juicy and that is what is important.  The Chicken was not greasy and had a thin crispy skin.  

The pieces of chicken were on the small side, but maybe they use real chicken instead of super steriod chickens you see at the grocery store... so that could be a good thing.

The only 2 suggestion for a better over all experience: 1.  The side of coleslaw was in a 1 oz sauce container???  Thanks for the one bite of coleslaw.  2. I would like to see more side dishes.

They have perch on the menu too.  I gotta go back and taste that - perch is good fish.
Do I have to give it a star? 
Very disappointed in this place! I can't believe all the hipe! We just got the basic chicken. 
I will never, ever go back to this place! Why pass by Popeyes and Churches chicken to go to this place! Kudos for opening a business, and creating jobs. This just doesn't float my boat!
I used to hear a lot about this place when I lived in Chicago. It was actually recommended by a few of my friends. Unfortunately, I never got a chance to try it due to a sudden relocation to San Diego. But then I found out that they opened a few locations out here and took it as a "sign" to go and try the place before I suffer in regrets again. My guy has been dying to try this place and we finally got around to it on Tuesday. Three stars because it really was "A-Ok." 
I love the atmosphere here, it felt "homey." It's small AND quiet (bonus!), but then again there weren't a lot of people dining in that day. The gentleman behind the counter was real friendly and helpful with questions that we had about the food. 

We ordered:
Catfish w/ two chicken wings & drumstick- I really liked the fish, it had good flavor to it and was very moist. I didn't try the wings but the bf said it was "okay." BUT, added that it was "real moist." And it really was. As he sank his teeth in to that drumstick, all that chicken juice started dripping down his chin. No joke.
Fried okra and mushrooms- It was bland, and that's probably an understatement.  
Fries(came with the combo)- Although it was fried to my liking, it lacked flavor as well.

Total cost: around 25 bucks. Would we go back again? Absolutely, but It's one of those places I would probably go to once in a blue moon.
Ok, here's the deal, if you liked gizzards Harold's is the real deal. If you like cornmeal breaded fish Harold's is the real deal. I cooked and managed restaurants for 12 years and can say that on my best day I couldn't do any better. I have yet to try a piece of chicken cause I can't get past the gizzards. If you never had chicken gizzards, this is not like a piece of chicken tender, it's a tough lean bit of a chew and my jaws are burning by the time I finish a large order and it's worth the trip across town to get them. Please go as often as possible we want them to be around for a long time.
I wanted to like this place.  I really did.  I don't.  The place is non-descript, the person behind the cash register did not utter a single word during my order, nor during the orders of the next 4 groups that I observed.  I order a mixed chicken "dinner".  The cole slaw actually wasn't too bad but it was served in a small cup the size of two thimbles.  I think I got two spoonfuls out of it.  The french fries were ordinary.  The leg of the chicken was incredibly small, I mean really small.  Very little meat on the thigh, the wing, well I expect that; the breast did have meat, but it wasn't anything that extraordinary.  I did order the mild sauce.  It was ok.  All in all, I really doubt this place will be around in a year from now.  Exciting "concept", but poorly executed here... employees need personality, the portions need to be normalized, whoever orders the chickens, should splurge and order normal sizes.  Seems like they are cutting everything to the "bone" to save money, but they are cutting off their arm in the process.  You can easily do better in Las Vegas.  Really.
I was thoroughly not impressed by this place.  Vacant tables were not cleaned and there was generally uninspired staff and service.  The cashier didn't take my order correctly; she asked me about what sauce I wanted with my fish (tartar) and didn't put it in my takeout order.  Another customer approached the counter to ask for bread after it was left out of his dinner.  I subsequently found that it was left out of my dinner order as well.

The chicken, although nice and crispy, was pretty bland.  I'll say the same for the catfish (Old Bay seasoning, anyone?)  The cole slaw was not very fresh.  The Chicago Harold's left me with a better impression even though it was a hole-in-the-wall storefront spot.  I would not recommend that you waste your time or money at this place.
Damn harolds gonna knock you down one star, last time I visited was a disappointment. The cook must've reached the bottom of their seasoning batter or perhaps the wings were brined for too long cause my wings were pretty salty..
Harold's was a mainstay of my life in Chicago, and I was positively tremulous that my upcoming visit to Vegas would give me the chance to sup on these delectable birds.

Look, you're getting fried chicken here, not dinner with the Queen. Adjust expectations accordingly. Like the ones in Chicago, this is a hole-in-the-wall type place, small and not exactly sparking clean. But it's actually much nicer than the one I frequented in Chicago. No bulletproof glass, no sticky walls, no seedy crowds.

The chicken is deep-fried and crispy-hot. A half-chicken and soda will set you back a whopping 10 bucks. And it's served with/on fries with a tiny button of coleslaw. The only things missing are the two slices of white bread - come on, why drop the ball there! The hot sauce is the thing I love, nice and hot and tangy. There's BBQ style as well, if you want.

All in all, I was most satisfied with this Harold's - it would fit right in on the South Side.
I was craving for some chicken wings so after worked, we stopped by Harold's.  I am from Texas so after seeing that Harold's offer chicken gizzards, I immediately ordered the gizzards and wings combo.  My boyfriend got the chicken giblets combo.

We chose a table close to the chilly entrance, not because we enjoy the chilly breeze, but because there were no other tables available.  The restaurant has about 7 tables or so.  As we were waiting for the food, I grabbed some napkins to clean our table and chairs of the chicken batter crumbs that were left behind by the previous customers.

The coleslaw and utensils arrived first at our table.  I was so hungry so I down the coleslaw.  It came in a teeny tiny container.  Awhile later, food arrived and they were all piping hot.  Yes, 2 wings, a pile of gizzards, and lots of french fries for me, chicken giblets and more french fries for my bf.  Gosh I wish there were 1 more extra wing and less gizzards.  My teeth are not the strongest teeth so chewing on the hard gizzard was quite tiring.  

Midway through the meal, I was all fried and gizzarded out and my bf had to get a diet coke to cut the richness of the giblets.  

Overall, eating this in moderation is alright, but I would probably save all those calories for wingstop wings.

But customer service was great.  I do want to come back to try the regular fried chicken though.
Writing reviews on las Vegas soul food places is just making me very upset! I have nothing positive to say about this place, m&m soul food, or jimmys market.. All bad.. I had the fish and chicken and was not impressed.. With anything.. Ok I take it back the ketchup was pretty good.. Other then that I coulda had a v8..
I'm really big on customer service & Harold's didn't disappoint. I put in a massive order for a church function and they were super friendly and efficient.  Of course, the food is great & they go out of their way to prepare it fresh & just the way you want it.  Don't sleep on Harold's!
Place is CLOSED.  

After going to school in Chicago, was hoping to get some Harold's, but its closed.
The really friendly and nice owner/manager, unfortunately, can't make up for mediocre food. I ordered the fried fish (4 piece perch) dinner and fried mushrooms. They use a cornmeal batter for both which is just not that good. Give me a good, light beer batter any day, or even better a light tempura batter. Besides the batter, the perch and mushrooms were just meh, I'm sorry to say. Perhaps soul food is just not my thing, although I do love me some Southern fried chicken and waffles or country fried steak from time to time.
Ahh Long Wongs.. How I miss your raunchy sewer smell and famous wings. Sneaking in to see bands when I was 19 and getting served. You ruled and I miss you.
Good wings only $6.50. Draft  beers $2 import $3. happy hour  4 to 6 pm  2 for 1 on beers.
Last night found memories of the the old Mill location were relived.

Full bar, live music, quick service, cheap booze, and those crack like wings. I went with hopes that it would not be a huge disappointment and luckily it was far from it. For a place which just opened on Tuesday they had their act together. At 6:30 on a sat the place was already at 75% capacity.

Their wings are actually hot so make sure you order accordingly. Many wing spots in the valley you have to get "super, atomic, suicide" whatever they call it to actually get some heat. This location their standard hot will bring the heat you probably want. The Inferno here will get you... twice ;)

Pros:
Cheap Food/Booze

Hot Wings are actually hot

For those lucky enough great location right off the light rail

Cons:
Damn light rail makes vehicle accessibility a pain

Going to be very very noisy in there once they hit peak popularity. But hey.. its a bar..

Skimpy useless napkins in low volume. Get some real napkins and provide some of those "Moist Towelette / Wet Nap" for the end of the meal.
This review may no longer be relevant since it's old, so maybe read a more recent review. Send me a message with your thoughts.

--------------------------------------------------

Long Wong's in Tempe has finally re-opened on Feb. 16th 2010, on Apache near McClintock in the old firehouse, and it has potential for the good, has bad, but no ugly (which is good, I won't go into the sights and smells) that we remember from the old Mill Ave. location.  It is, however, a much nicer place with high ceilings, decent decor and mindful and pleasant service. New place, new staff and it shows, but the staff are doing the best they can.

Long Wong's Tempe proclaims "WE'RE BACK" and "since 1980." Well truth be told, they ARE NOT back, and this location REALLY needs to work some kinks out of the place and improve some things before they are worthy of the Long Wong's legendary name and to include itself among the ranks. I sincerely hope someone from there reads this and takes my comments constructively and makes the much-needed improvements. I'm sure I won't be the first to complain.

So, the rundown of my experience....

I came especially for the WINGS during happy hour, because Long Wong's happy hour wings ruled all for quality, taste and value. I ordered the teriyaki with hot and 2 pints of the Shock Top Belgian white beer, which were 2 for 1 price. The Shock Top Belgian white was the best offering with a nice taste and good body. Wings were full price at $6.50 per dozen, not happy hour price like the old Long Wong's.

-----------------------------
UPDATE MAY 16th: Stopped in for wings today to see if they improved since my scathing review after the initial opening. Well yes they have. The wings seem to be BARELY near-normal size now. They still need to buy meatier wings to justify the never-wavering $6.50 price. The sauce is still scrumptious, and they now have wet-naps. I removed my scathing comments to be fair, since I noticed a marked improvement over the previous pigeon wings.
HOWEVER they are still not the same wings you see on their re-designed website, so don't believe the hype. Wings at other Long Wong's are LARGER!! I don't mind paying more, but give me value I can see. AND OMG they have Guinness. ATTENTION STAFF! Guinness has 2 N's.
The carrot presentation is still a meager handful of thinly sliced carrots unceremoniously plopped onto my table INSIDE A ZIPLOCK BAGGIE.... REALLY??!! Yes, really.
I guess a lot of you don't even BOTHER with the carrots, so they learned not to give so much in the first place. Mama said eat your veggies, and there's no excuse here.
The stingy ration of ranch dressing is watered down.
------------------------------
UPDATE SEPT 5
Ordered "hot BBQ" wings. Not much sauce. Barely BBQ, no heat at all. Only because there was no teriyaki!!!! EPIC FAIL. Had to settle. Familiar Long Wong's goupy sauce absent. Barely coated. Substandard wings again, barely of acceptable size but FAR overpriced at $7.09 total. Thanks for not giving me 91 cents and change and being cool and giving me 3 bux change. You get one.
Nothing against you, my voluptuous waitress,  you were perfect, just the simple food order.

Hold a candle to Casey Moore's price and quality, and all is forgiven, but FAIL is the word tonight. 

In other news, the pizza looks very good!
PPL nearby got a big one, it looked scrumptious and completely fantasy-moochable from afar.
Go for that instead.

So bottom line, this LW doesn't know real wings YET.
Get with it, MOFOS!!
Gimme some flavor on all varieties! I don't think you can pay me for my counseling, so I guess I'll keep ragging on you here cuz MY wings kill you.
---------------------------------------


I spied a scrumptious-looking pizza on a table as I walked in, so the pizza seems to be a promising offering. Also my table neighbors got the chicken quesedilla and that looked pretty thick. It looks like they have an extensive menu which includes pasta, burgers n fries, pizza, gyros, quesedillas, happy hour appetizers and more. I guess others will review the other menu items.

I certainly hope the kinks are worked out and the wings and prices improve for happy hour - Long Wong's built its reputation on the wings and good prices, and this location falls short. I don't object to the sauce or the chef's cooking skills, just the size of the pitiful wings and the price. 

The real deal for happy hour wings goes to Casey Moore's @ $6.00 per dozen at the bar and they're meaty and delicious. I ask for teriyaki mixed with hot - wet! Plus they have REAL beer and a few ciders.

After some improvement I hope to be a regular customer like I was at the legendary Mill Ave. location.
I will return in another several months to evaluate again. There were REASONS why Long Wong's on Mill was always packed and it is so sorely missed!
Up the meatiness and size of the wings, get some decent beer on tap, and offer a happy hour deal better than Casey Moore's and all will be forgiven!
I'll have to completely agree with RB, except maybe RB was a bit to nice.

I've given this location three tries (in as many weeks). All three have been horrible. The food does not live up to any other long wongs I've been to. The paper plates and veggies in a baggie leave a lot to be desired. They don't have many of the items in the menu. Not to mention the "Oh, we don't take credit cards yet (like our menu and signs say), but we will give you a dollar off because our ATM costs a dollar." It's just bad. Sorry to say, I won't be back (and I live just two blocks away, bummer). Actually, I'd probably give it another try in six months or so, but, I expect that it won't be here.

Yes, I'm excited about live entertainment in the neighborhood. But, can't deal with the rest.

I updated my review from 1 star to two based on the live entertainment option.
Other reviews of this "Long Wong's" can be found here:
http://www.yelp.com/biz/long-wongs-tempe-3

Including my 2 star review. I updated it from 1 because of the live music.
Poor Bill. He was really craving wings yesterday, and rather than stop at one of the nearby favorites, we checked Yelp to point us in the direction of the best wings in town. We wanted to try Long Wongs, after reading some reviews that said many people considered the wings here as their favorite. We again, for whatever reason, decided to pass on a few closer LW's to experience the one in Tempe. 

It was easy to find, and at 3:30 in the afternoon there was no issue parking. So far, so good. We decided to sit t the bar, like we often do, and I think that was our best decision of the whole trip, because the bartender was fantastic. I wish I would have asked her name, because she's the only reason LW's gets 2 stars instead of one. 

Bill and I both ordered a beer on tap and looked over our (paper, printout) menus. There were a few things that sounded good to me but I wanted to stick with the plan, so I got a dozen boneless wings and Bill got a dozen bone-in. He got half hot and half garlic parmesan, and I got half spicy BBQ and half garlic parm as well. No one gave me a hard time for ordering chicken nuggets with sauce, so I once again figured "so far, so good." 

Our food came out in styrofoam containers and solo cups, along with plastic bags of what would be carrot sticks if they were twice as fat, and some ranch dressing (in solo cups) to dip them in, I anyone even bothered. The garlic parm sauce bears a curious resemblance to plain old ranch dressing. Don't bother. The hot sauce and the spicy BBQ were ok. Nothing great. The boneless wings made me feel like a kid. At least BW3 serves something breaded, and roughly the size of the big kid's wings. Bills wings were kind of small, and he said they were overcooked. If it matters to any wing fans, he got mostly wings; one one drummie of each sauce. He was happy with the ratio, or at least he would have been were they better. 

We won't be back for food. If there's any small chance either of us go back at all, it's because we're in the area and want to have a beer, but even then we might just pick one of the dozens of other bars in the area.
After all the hype about Long Wong's and The Most Amazing Wings, Like, Ever, this place was a sore disappointment.  I went for happy hour as they were advertising 2-for-1 appetizers, and I'd been craving some fried shrimp, only to discover that the 2-for-1 applied only to one particular menu item.

It was early when we got there, and the place was nearly empty.  We sat at a table for about ten minutes waiting for the bartender/waitress to take our order, but this never happened, and it certainly wasn't because we were hiding from her.  We ended up ordering our wings and drinks at the window. The fried shrimp was okay, but over cooked.   Were the wings good?  Sure.  FANTASTIC?  Not even.  The ranch was watered down to the point that it dripped off the wings and the carrot sticks were scrawny, floppy, and dry.  There's no way they had been cut any time in the last two days.

The place is decorated with crap found at Goodwill.  Not usually a bad thing, but is in this case.  There's a tiny stage in one corner, but I won't be back to see who plays it.  To top it off, a family with a gaggle of children came in before we left, and were given menus and served almost immediately.

Overall?  Mediocre bar food, mediocre happy hour prices, poor service and atmosphere.  Meh.
This place is really bad. Bad food and bad service. Do yourself a favor and go to The Vine instead. It's just down the street. Don't get the wings or sliders here for sure.
As I am not a Tempe native, or really even a true phoenix native i cannot claim to truly appreciate the Long Wong's legacy, nor can i hold dear any thoughts of past LW's locations famous and infamous alike.So, I like to think that my view of their new locale along the light rail's snaking path is, a relatively unbiased view of the place.
Last night we rode our bikes thru the cool humid night air and damp streets- across the deserted campus and to the sheltering arms of L.W.'s; the bands were setting up and the rains were slowly receding. The chattering youths and hip older crowd all merged in the bustle of a night of music, food, and the camaraderie of shared experiences in beer and music. Faces emerged known and yet to be met, as the rounds were made. After countless domestic drafts, all at moderate prices, and cigarettes puffed in the rain; the natural response was hunger! I ordered: a chicken quesadilla for only $3.50! The wings here are supposedly legendary, not being a wing man myself, i did however, witness a wing eating competition; in which my friend won. The ambience of the place was great! It was hard to leave! The rains poured and my soggy bike was the only means of transporting my wretchedly drunk and tired flesh back to the harbour of my home.
I really enjoyed this new L.W.'s location as a good little venue, with ample room, and a small parking lot as well. It's a place that can accomodate a large spectrum of revellers and I will gladly be coming back any time.
Great pizza. For a bar to have this quality pizza is rare. Wings are actually good amd im not a wing guy. Got Inferno and spicy bbq both great. They do give moist towelettes with your wings. Not the best beer selection but, im not picky. Great music, live bands, great staff 4.5 stars
So the other day I decided that I needed to get out of my house. Stirred crazy I was. So's I's calls up some of the fellas from the ol' neighborhood and says "Yo!" A few hours later I walk in with the least socially adept and sure to rub someone's fur the wrong way if he's left unattended of my friends this evening. Straddling a couple of open stools at the corner of the bar we ordered a couple 12oz. cans of America's Best for 1.50$ each and tried not to stare too much at the bartender who seem to have been missing a couple of buttons from her top. What a slob. Either sew on new buttons or buy a new shirt, gah! Where am I? Later we noticed that the buttons were there and that she had probably forgotten to button them up. Then I kinda felt bad for not letting her know because I've done that with my flies before and it can be a little embarrassing. 

The place is awkwardly laid out. I think the interior designers were going for a little retro fear of the marketplace/junkyard/auto-shop kind-of thing and they really succeeded. Don't yell fire for kicks in this place. Elbow room people, elbow room! However little of of the poop on the walls succeeded in grabbing my attention long enough to notice details. Picture frames with stuff in them??? I'm guessing some sort of picture? I do recall there not being a bar at the bar. Why do bars do this? My favorite part of a bar is that little foot bar below the elbow/drink part. My feet miss that bar or step every time there isn't one there. There's also small stage crammed into another corner (this place had an abundance of corners) and a live band that was setting up when we sat down. More often than not a plus, this was one of the more often times.

I wander outside to the patio the long way around and grab a seat at an empty table. Ahhhh patio!!! It's very intimate (that means small) with an old coffee can for the cotton/fiberglass butts set on one of the 4 tables. While I'm smoking some of the drunken neighborhood fauna wanders in off the street with his own flask of finest paint-thinner whiskey wrapped in a black plastic bag and bums a fag from me. After which he offers to 2 Valium for the rest of the pack I had and I politely declined. He then he asked what I would think if he just took my cigarettes and stole my money. So I thought about it and replied with a punch to his throat... oh wait no... I said something about not really needed the smokes but I kinda needed the money. After telling me (or maybe it was some sort of warning. I laughed so eye dee kay???) he had been in the pen (he told me that meant penitentiary) and some other things he offered one of the Valium to me for free. All of this in about 10 - 15 minutes of time. 

THIS PLACE IS AWESOME! For realleeees! Go here! Worth the price of cheap beer!

Shortly after he offered me that last blue the other 2 friends arrive and they all make it out to the patio with their beverages. A fair amount of lesser drama happened until the topper of the evening. This women bursts out of Long Wongs onto the patio and throws over a chair (that to be honest, she could have maneuvered around with very little effort) yelling f this place and f you and rawr! rawr! rawr! That probably would have been the end of her except some chivalrous young man noticed that the flung chair had hit another girl on the patio and thought it proper to stand up for her. This of course would not be stood for by the thrower of the chair and she let everyone in the neighborhood know. She is a crip mfer and we on the patio and the neighborhood doesn't know her. She repeated this several times for all the new cars that would pass by. She also hit Sir Galahad on his head with her boot which she had taken off earlier in her patio rant. Again... 

THIS PLACE IS AWESOME! For realleeees! Go here! Worth the price of cheap beer! Next time I will try the food at this new location. The old location's wings were fairly ok. 4 stars for the entertainment and cheap beer. I will update when I eat there.

Ooow! They also have dollar you-call-it drinks for a minute after a fire engine rushes by with its sirens on. Winner, winner chicken dinner!
Decent wings and pizza, slow service.  We tried some medium and teriyaki wings, and a Provence, France pizza.  The medium wing sauce was just right- not too spicy, not too sour, as buffalo wings can sometimes get too vinegary.  The wings themselves are more crunchy than fall-off-the-bone moist.  The teriyaki wing sauce was also pretty good- not too sweet, with just the right amount of sauce coating the wing.  The pizza was decent- very large portions with a good amount of toppings on a thin-crust base.  

Service was, as stated, pretty slow.  This was in part probably due to the bar being understaffed that night, but I had to personally go find the waitress who was at the bar to get my order in, since we had been waiting, and waiting, and waiting, for her to come to our table to take our order.
When I moved to Tempe to attend law school in 1993 I was sent with one bit of advice from a former Sun Devil:  Eat wings at Long Wongs on Mill Avenue, but be off the Street by 2 am!

Within hours of arriving in Tempe I tasted my first LW wings and washed them down with ice cold draught beer.  Many flavor selections for both wings and beer as well as an abundance of other pub fare.

A fellow un-named Marine buddy of mine ordered the "Suicide" flavored wings trying to either impress me or the bar wenches, but he only made it to wing #2 before downing the pitcher of beer and racing to get other refreshment to stop the burning.

If you can't make it to the Mill Ave location try any of the other Phoenix area locations of the mini-chain, but beware of the Suicide wings!
Long Wong's is a staple that anyone who has lived in Phoenix for a decent amount of time should know about. They simply have the tastiest wings in town. Growing up I remember my favorite meals being the nights I could convince my parents to get take out wings from the location in Maryvale. I got a wild hair the other day to ride the train over to tempe for dinner, and select my location on the train ride there. After arguing, drawing straws, flipping coins, and playing short rounds of roshambo, we finally decided on Long Wong's.

This location is in a somewhat weird part of town, you've got your meth trailer parks, student housing, and nice older neighborhoods all together. Inside, it's a dive bar basically, and a very dirty looking one at that. I appreciated the place for what it is, but keeping it from that fifth star is the lack of cleanliness. The food here is essentially bar food, serving pizzas, wings, sandwiches, burgers, fries, etc. It's all on the "decent" or "good enough" level with the exception of the wings which are tremendous. If you order the pizza, prepare yourself for a really greasy mess, which is obvoiusly low quality, but it is tasty. 

Service was spotty on our visit, but only because the bar was somewhat busy, and they only had one person working the bar/restaurant. We really enjoyed the "FIRE!!!" special, which is any drink in the bar you want, for just $1 when a fire truck goes by with the sirens on. I enjoyed my Jack Daniel's Single Barrel on rocks for a buck.
I love eating at Long Wong's, especially at the Old Firehouse. The wings are the real macoy. I come from back East and to me, "wings" should not have breading on them like fried chicken. They should be fried so their skins are crispy, without any breading. The meat inside should be fully cooked, but still moist. The sauce drips off and comes at hot as you can handle. The hot dogs are the best tasting dogs in town. My son has problems choosing between the dogs and wings. They also have live entertainment on many nights. Love, Love, Love this place!
Just got some takeout from Long Wong's this evening. They had a special going on so we got a pizza with 12 hot wings and 12 honey bbq wings. I would take LW wings over BWW and Native wings any. day. And they're hot are actually hot, so if you're not into that I would suggest the mild version. The pizza was super greasy but once we got some of it off it made for a pretty delicious meal. I can't say much about the inside or the service since I didn't pick it up, but I'll definitely remain a fan a Long Wong's.
I've gone a few times recently because one of my good friend has been doing shows here. They do a good job of putting on shows showcasing local talents. There is always good music playing.

I have heard a lot about the wings so on my last visit I decided to try some. There was nothing remarkable about them. I don't know what the hype is. They are typical average wings. I also had a slider my friend ordered and thought they tasted like mcdonalds hamburger. My friend agreed. 

Drinks are on the cheap here and that is probably more of my concern here than the food. All drinks are $1 anytime a fire truck passes by with the sirens on which I've been lucky to score at least once on each visit. On normal times, they are pretty inexpensive as well.
Me and my friends went on Friday night. We sat on the table and nobody come to our table. After we decide to ask to the bar, they said that we have to order the food at the cashier and then sit. 

The place is full of pictures and logos on the walls. Its really cool for guys hangout! The beer only $1.50 for happy hour.

We ordered normal chicken wings and spicy chicken wings. It tasted good! The minus was there is not different between spicy and regular flavor. Its not kicking enough.

We ordered pizza too, thin one. It was good! The slider was not great for us, its like something missing in the flavor. The burger was warm, the bread is cold or fine. 

The place was quite pack with tables and chairs plus crowded of people suddenly came after 9pm, maybe because of the live music every Friday. 

Overall, I might be going back for the chicken wings and pizza but definitely not for slider and will not on Friday night because of too crowded and make me sweating. Friday night is definitely for people hang out ...lol not for eating...
We went on a Thursday night, which happened to be open mike night.  It was packed!  We barely found a spot at the bar.  The place itself is quite large with lots of different 'areas' to hang out in.  The open mike night was a lot of fun and I'm glad we happened upon it.  Even our bartender got up to sing and he was awesome... probably the most talented of all the brave souls playing that night!

Drinks are really quite cheap and it wasn't even happy hour time.  Also every time a fire truck goes by (its adjacent to the fire department) drinks are $1 for fifteen minutes!  Pretty cool and appropriate special that they have enacted! The wings were actually quite good... at least crispy and not completely lathered in sauce.  

Definitely more of a dive bar with random posters etc all over the walls and no frills to speak of but its also not that ghetto or intimidating.  It definitely suites a younger crowd and has bands playing there regularly.  

Overall a really nice and necessary alternative to Mill Ave.... Tempe needs more bars like this!
the food here is garbage. It is nastier than their dirty menus, dirtier than the dredlocked girl picking her nose serving it. The bar is like a beer slip and slide. The only highlight of this place are the underage hipsters that flock to this place because, of the horrible service. I would rather eat a razor blade than dine here, and I would much rather bend over backward and spank myself than ever go to another show here. This place can kiss the middle region of my ass.
Slow!  and not worth the wait
I like dive bars. I like bars that have smoking patios. I like bars that have cheap drinks. I like bars that have silly gimmicks like $1 drinks when a fire truck goes by. Therefore - I like Long Wong's. I've never eaten the food other then fries but I watched my friend inhale a hot dog that she swears saved her evening and allowed her to continue drinking until dawn. The fries were good, the basket only made it around the table once. Great live music and even though it's a fairly small venue, the bands I've seen have not tried to over compensate by playing way too loud. A couple pin ball machines and even a baseball themed once that spits out baseball cards if you win.
Cool little dive bar located at an old fire station.  The decor is interesting and the $1 shot special whenever a firetruck with sirens passes by gives this place character.  They usually have live bands during the night and their food (hotdogs, pizza, & wings) is decent and inexpensive.
Long Wong's at the Firehouse has an appeal all its own. I've been a regular customer since they opened and I find myself repeatedly returning. Tempe's live music scene lives and breathes in this restaurant. In fact, I'd consider it more of a venue than anything else. The food and drinks are quality for the price - but I find myself coming back for the atmosphere, the character and the culture of Long Wong's.
We used a 'deal' from the internet and went for the wings but found out the pizza is awesome.  Went on a lazy Sunday and it was perfect.  The staff (ok, so it was one person) was terrific and we've gone back since.  The whole family loved it.
Terrible!!! What have you done with the original long wongs!?
Oh where to begin...I got a special off groupon.com. dine in only.. yes it was a great deal but when I arrived to Long Wongs, the great deal went to sh*t! The place was dark and dirty. The kitchen didn&#39;t even have the lights on. There were only about 10 tables to sit at and a bar. The bartender Jenni was extremely unfriendly, short, rude, slow, and had an attitude. She acted like she didn&#39;t want to be there and that she was doin us a favor. She never acknowledged that I was at the bar waiting to for service and to order. There were only 4 guys at the bar so it wasn&#39;t like she was super busy. I had to say excuse me for her to come greet me. I asked her if there was a happy hour because we wanted cocktails while we waited for our food and she said no. Found out from a patron at the bar while waiting 5 mins for to go boxes that it was happy hour. We ordered more food on top of what our groupon.com coupon gave us and she forgot to ring it up and then had the nerve to have an attitude with us about it. NO apologizes were even given. She never smiled, said thank u, how may I help u, have a nice day...nothing! She was awful! Our table was so dirty and dusty! The wings were extremely dry. The pizza was soggy and greasy. When I lifted my piece of pizza up, the cheese and tons of grease ran off of the slice. The beer was so warm I had to ask the bartender for ice to put in it. I have bartended and served for 13 years and have NEVER had an experience like this. This is hands down one of the nastiest places ever!! I now see why they ran a groupon special! They needed to get people in there some how!
Okay, I was only in the joint long enough to grab my pre-ordered pizza -- it seems like an awesome dive to grab a drink and see a show -- not an awesome place to order a pizza from. This was THE WORST PIZZA I have ever had in my life. I couldn't even choke down one piece.  After using several paper towels to remove a good chunk of the dark orange grease film, I took a bite and it tasted like soap. SOAP! It worries me that there is someone working there that thinks that the pizza is okay to serve to people. I don't think there is any amount of beer or vodka in the world that would have made this taste good.  I understand that I should have known better to order a pizza from a bar, but it was late on a Sunday and it was the only option since the jerks at Jamie's never answer their phone.
The food is a bit bland and the layout makes sitting and eating a bit awkward.  They add a charge onto your Groupon without telling you and there pitchers are a bit overpriced.
This place gets a solid 5 stars for the atmosphere and history. The live rock music also gets this place onto my list of favorites. From the decor to the bar specials, so many things here make Long Wong's a Valley icon.
That said, the food is really good too. The burgers, wraps, subs, and hot dogs are all around the 4 star mark, with only some of their offerings being truly noteworthy. Sadly, no matter how much they advertise, the wings here are at the most 3 stars. I LOVE CHICKEN WINGS (What a Sommelier is to fine wine, I am to chicken wings). Unfortunately, these wings are nothing special. A few of the flavors are admittedly delicious, but most are barely decent. The quality of the wings kill it; they are small, fatty, stringy, and covered in too much batter and gooey sauce. Also, the worst lemonade I've ever had at a restaurant.
Most all of the food here is pretty darn good, and for a night at a bar or a bumping concert, the food psychologically turns exceptional. But in the sobering light of day, the food here is nothing special. Pay homage to what this place is, what it was, and what it stands for. It's a fun relic with good food and great music... still doesn't mean it's the best place out there to go out to eat.
Remember hearing that phrase, "never judge a book by its cover?" That applies to this place. From its exterior, it appears a bit unwelcoming, but everything changes when you enter. Upon entering, you feel like you belong--you'll never feel out of place no matter how young/old you are or what you look like. Like any dive bar, the prices are very welcoming and stocked with everything you can imagine. Any time I've been here, the employees were always friendly and hard working. The food is surprisingly good too; don't expect just chicken wings like the name has been made famous for--they have something for all appetites that is quick to be delivered but still holds a lot of flavor for a low price. Although this place normally attracts the hip 20-something crowd, every person is friendly and relaxed so it's very easy to meet new people even if you go alone. I highly suggest weekend nights where they have live music--a lot of the local bands and musicians are phenomenal! Of all the nights I have attended, I have yet to listen to one local band that wasn't decent--it definitely makes me appreciate the local music scene much more. Part of the charm of this bar are the locals who nearly live there because they frequent this place so often. You'll soon find out who they are! This place does get packed at nights, so if you want a seat, it's best you get there early. My biggest suggestion--leave your drama at home! This is a place with a relaxed atmosphere and good fun people!
Poor service. Rude wait staff and management. Manager would not honor Groupon. Found a piece of gum in my sandwhich!
i had a coupon that i purchased online. i brought it into long wongs which was for an extra large pepperoni or cheese pizza and 2 dozen wings. i gave the coupon to the bartender and she said she didnt know how to process that and the owner would have to do that.  i asked her if there were free refills on the sodas and she said yes. i said ok and the owner put the info into the computer and then said what do you want to drink. i said one diet coke and 2 regular cokes. he said ok i will give these to you. they were in paper cups w/lids and straws and said coke on the outside.  there were 3 of us in there eating. my friend and her bf and myself. i told him i wanted light on the sauce for 1/2 of it and he said i have to put some sauce on it. i said yes light is some sauce. i told him to do light on sauce for the cheeese andpepperoni for the regular 1/2. the bartender brought us out the 2 dozen garlic/parmesan wings that we ordered. then she brought out the pizza approx 10 mins later. she asked if we were ok and needed anything and i said some more napkins. my friend went up to get myself and her a refill. then she asked later if everything was ok and my friend asked her for to -go containers. she brought out a couple and my friend put the rest of the wings in there. we left and then a few mins later my friend realized she left her cell phn there and she went back and she said the bartender told her sm1 turned it in. anyways the next day the owner called me 6 times on my cell phone from a # i didnt recognize. it wasnt the business phn #. i finally answered it wondering who kept calling and didnt leave msgs. then the owner accused me of not paying a bill. i told him i gave him my coupon for the wings and pizza and he said i didnt pay the bill. i said we didnt receive a bill and then he said i had to pay him for the 4 drinks we received. i said there were only 3 of us in there. then he kept changing the amount he said i owed. and was harrasing me telling me he was going to call the police on me and press charges for the sodas. i said if i would've gotten a bill for the sodas i would've paid it but i didnt. i told him that he told me he was giving me the sodas. he kept changing his story around and i will never ever go back there bcuz i was treated like i was some kind of criminal. i dont need to be harrased and aggravated  from sm1 that is very unprofessional and rude like he was. i give this place 2 thumbs down!!!
Super dumpy environment. BUT the wings are out of this world. Love Long Wong's wings :D
Okay so we decided to give good ol' Long Wongs another shot. After we were in there meeting friends for a drink, we saw a couple of their pizza's and they looked ...awesome. We decided to go back a couple days later to pick up a pizza. It was actually one of the better pizza's I have had recently. We've been back several times over the last two months and haven't had a bad meal yet.
Only a fan of the drinks and music, haven't been too happy with the food.  However, for the price, the food is fine.  I'm just really impressed with the music I've seen here and how there is never a cover.  I was skeptical about this place when it first opened, but the staff has changed over for the better and the tap selection has improved as well.  Long live Tempe's actual downtown, the Apache Corridor.
This place provides a very chill atmosphere that I enjoy very much! Gotta love that when a firetruck goes by, you get an awesome discount on drinks!!!
This was the second visit for my friend and I on a Friday night.  We liked the bands and the food was decent, although the beer selection (draft) could be better .  For a dive bar, I can't expect much more.  But I do expect soap in the bathrooms.  The men's was out of soap in the dispenser so I desperately tried the women's but there was not even a dispenser on the wall!! I think this is a health violation.  I asked the bartender if he could put some soap in and he said he would look at it.  When I asked again he seemed annoyed and I asked if there was just something behind the bar I could use.  He handed me some hand sanitizer and said "I don't want you to die or anything."  Other than that that, the service was good but the pizza was off (the pepperoni was a strange color and didn't taste right, either.  Won't try it a third time.
I really dig this place.  
They have great drink specials during the day.  The bartenders are all super chill.  Every time a fire truck drives by with its sirens blaring, you get a $1 you-call-it.  Also, with "Fire Drills on Demand" every time you order a meal, you are entitled to a $1 you-call-it.  This is new, and when I asked about it the bartender had no idea what I was talking about.  He reassured me that one dollar you call its only occurred when a flashing fire truck drove by, and I had to pull the flyer up for Fire Drills on Demand on my phone from longwongstempe.com to show him.  He gave me my one dollar you call it after that, and apologized, saying the owners didn't keep the staff up to date.  So, you may need to present proof about this little awesome deal if the bartenders are still not adequately informed.
Anyways, this place definitely has a fun atmosphere and local bands play on weekend nights.  They also have open mic night on a certain night of the week.   Actually, every time I have visited Long Wong's at night there has been someone on stage playing.
The food is alright.  It's more fast food quality than restaurant quality.  The burgers are small and sort of disappointing.  The onion rings are whatever.  I have yet to try the pizza, but it looks pretty good.  However, the wings are DELICIOUS and totally worth the trip to Long Wong's.  Inferno is the absolute best flavor, and is actually really spicy. I'd like to point out that there is a pretty significant difference between the flavors of Spicy (or Hot, whatever its called) and Inferno.  The inferno are much, much hotter and thus more delicious while the Spicy are a bit more on the average side as far as hotness goes.   
Overall, a cool little place with awesome personality worth checking out.  And try the wings.
Parking: it's in the back, behind the yellow building that houses the bar. It's a small lot and fills up quickly so be prepared to cram your car into a tiny space!
Always live music (most of it good), cheap drinks, good wings and fun atmosphere. The decor - a ton of old albums tacked to the wall, a built in drinking game (for every terrible 80s singer, take a drink!) It gets a little cramped on weekends, but that's the fun - no one likes an empty bar on a Friday night.
Long Wong's (1639 E. Apache Blvd., Tempe), offers live music every night, a full bar and lots of good, cheap food to eat.

More than one of my friends have commented about what a great value the food and drinks are, and I agree. For less than $20, I got a huge salad, a cheese crisp, French fries, a margarita and a glass of wine-needless to say, very filling, and the food tasted great!

The bar has a fun, kitschy atmosphere, with record covers decorating the walls and arcade games. And there's even a little dance floor when bands play.

While Long Wong's has garnered a lot of buzz for its live music, I'm excited to go back for the food. It's not often you find a sports bar with ravioli and other pasta dishes, after all.
Love their music scene here but wanted food first. I ordered the wings and it literally took 45 minutes (even though I was there before 7 on a Friday). The drinks are so cheap and I love the people who work there, though.
must i give them one star?

Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!  nooooooooooo!  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

What kind of amateurs?  Hooooooooooorbile!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Like immigrants figuring out what to sell us while they figure it out...

the burger wAS HORRIBLE
I went there to use a groupon and was severely disappointed in the food. Do not go there for the food. We had a pepperoni pizza, thin, greasy and wierd tasting cheese. Wings that tasted like old chicken, we did not even eat them.....It may be a fun place to hangout and maybe eat the food if you drink enough
This review is specifically about the food. I haven't been here for any drinking or shows, so I can't say how that would be. The food is another story. I ordered a pizza with mushrooms and pepperoni, an order of wings, and a cheeseburger with fries. Placed the order and got there in 20 minutes. Took the food to work and the horror began. 

The pizza was cold as shit by the time I ate it, and the flavor wasn't very good. The worst part was the mushrooms! They were literally black and hard, and I couldn't tell if that's how they were supposed to be or if they were just old and rotten. Gross gross gross! 

The cheeseburger was very small, but the meat was good. Not much flavor but it tasted fresh. Fries were another story. They were cold and soggy, the worst things that can happen to fries. I ate three of them and threw them in the garbage where they belong. 

Wings are the reason they don't get one star. They were actually tasty, and the ranch wasn't that bad. They were also still warm. 

All in all, I would say this is a great place for drinking and catching live music, but the food isn't too good. Hopefully improvements can be made.
First time here.  Fantastic meal prices.  Beer prices a little high.  In the end it all works out. Good times.
This place has really nice, friendly bartenders, but that's about the only good thing I can say about it. When I was there, the toilet in the women's bathroom was broken-- it would not flush-- and they knew about it and seemed to have no intention to fix it, so you basically had no other choice but to go to the bathroom in a practically overflowing toilet that would not flush. DISGUSTING! I didn't eat any of the food, but it was overpriced for what it was. It looked like it was about on par with bowling alley food-- greasy and gross.
There are tons of locations throughout the valley, but to me, this is THE Long Wong's. Prices are substantially lower than other LW, and there's live music and a full bar. Wings or GTFO, order hot for some of the best you'll find anywhere. 

Did I mention this is really cheap yet good bar food? Additionally, the establishment is dark, and can either be social or intimate. Tons of character. I love the graffiti in the restroom. Would recommend for anyone who loves Tempe, but needs a break from Mill.
I have never been here before but I have heard a rumor that they don't card for alcohol. Is this rumor true or false?
Found this place via Groupon.  It's located near ASU in Tempe.  It's a dive bar for sure.  The bathrooms have graffiti all over the place and stickers of rock/punk bands.  Also, the bathrooms look pretty bad.

However, the food is pretty good.  The Wings are excellent.  We ordered a dozen Wings, $6.50.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/long-wongs-at-the-firehouse-tempe-3?select=5x7RkD8yypLSOC_7uvVipQ#5x7RkD8yypLSOC_7uvVipQ

We also ordered an Extra Large Provence, France Pizza (Organic Tomato Sauce, Fresh Basil, Mozzarella, Roasted Garlic, Artichoke Hearts, Capers & Sliced Tomato), $18.50.  The Pizza is delish and cut in large slices that can fill you up fast.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/long-wongs-at-the-firehouse-tempe-3?select=d5M5w7yM1iKev7KiJ5MwyA#d5M5w7yM1iKev7KiJ5MwyA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/long-wongs-at-the-firehouse-tempe-3?select=T5drfXllBmopHcGQd3Mdeg#T5drfXllBmopHcGQd3Mdeg

I guess this place used to be a Firehouse or something at some point.  Every time a fire truck goes by with a siren blasting, they offer a Beer discount of some kind.  We came in here for lunch and couldn't partake in that deal, so I don't have the details.  However, a regular was in there and would order a Beer every time a siren went by....he mumbled something to us about it, hilarious.

Return Factor - 83%
I came out to Long Wongs for a friend who was performing at one of their artist showcases.

Not having had dinner, I was looking forward to the wings so highly touted on Yelp. Guess what? It was about 9pm and the kitchen had been shut down. 9 pm. Who does that? Especially when you have an event going on that night... 

My drink was watered down as well, wasn't too pleased about that. So now I'm out $5 for a can of Red Bull basically, and I'm starving.

The bartenders were also asked by multiple people who was playing that night or what kind of music it was and they had no idea. That's a little silly. I get that you have a showcase once a week, but keep a list at the bar or something each week, it ain't that hard. Even telling people if it's rock or rap or reggae would be appreciated.
I've been coming here on and off to see a friends performance! I love that they have live music, this is defiantly the best part of this place.

 The food is awful! The wings are barely cooked enough to eat and the flatbread pizzas are greasy and undercooked. They need to be cooked longer so the bread isn't squishy and still taste like dough. The bar is always out of tap beer and they only take cash. If it wasn't for the live music I would give this place one star. The location is dirty and seems unsanitary. The bathrooms are grimy dim and have no mirrors and the bar top is sticky. The service is fast and friendly which seems to save them. 

Keep up the live Music and great service Long Wongs... And although u just redesigned your menu it still needs some work.
Update* they honored their mistake. And provided me free wings and 10$. Owner gave me his personal cell number and apologized. I tell everyone I know that long wongs has the best wings I've ever had. And trust me. I've had a lot. I'm a winner of the blazin buffalo challenge and those weren't nearly as good. For a little dive bar, I wouldn't get my wings anywhere else.
This Long Wong's was a great dissapointment.  This location opened up not to long ago and my husband and I decided to try it out. Not to mention we are big fans of their wings. First time we went to this long Wongs, it was about 30 minutes before closing the kitchen and they told us they ran out of wings. We went back a different day and ordered wings, the sauce on the wings was terrible as if they sprinkled chilly powder you would put on fruit. The second order of mild wings didn't have sauce at all. It was a disaster. From this point on I am only sticking to the long Wongs on 32nd Street and Thomas, they sure make the best wings.
Worst food I have ever had. Not even edible. Saw some people eating the food and could see the looks of disgust when they had the fist bite. Service was awesome! They make sure your happy and taken care of. I don't know what happened to this place but it used to have great food. Now the menu sucks with a bunch of flatbread tasteless none sense . Not to mention the cook was super pissed off making the food and treating customers with ignorance. Must have not been having a good night, don't let the guy with the Afro make your food(major bummer). We had to go get a pizza down the street and bring it back cause the food was so gross here and we were here to watch some friends play in a couple of the bands. The place has great music and great local shows. Bartenders are awesome. Place is fun. Don't waste your money on the food.
We went on a Friday night to watch our friend's band play. Food is good, but standard bar food so don't expect fine dining.

The vibe is great though and makes this dive bar worth going to again and again. The live music plays regularly and the bartenders keep your glass (or can depending on what your drinking) full. I think my favorite thing about the bar is the Nintendo decor throughout and the game console hookup near the back room. If you're looking for a low-key evening with good music, keep this place in mind.
Just a bad time. We came in expecting the name Long Wongs. We did not find it. Took us five minutes of standing in the front to figure out where to order. Them we placed our two orders of wings for $20 plus drinks and waited. For a bar was pretty run down and the table was dusty.
    We waited a little while considering we were the only ones ordering food. Them they came in small fries baskets lined with foil. Inside were these small little babe wings  that had like a half a bite per wing. I only wish I took a pic. Through the whole meal never saw out waiter or bartender. 
   We are our wings and left in a hurry never to return.
   Moral of the meal: Not all long Wongs are created the same.
This was my first and will be my only visit to Long Wong's. The layout and location of the building are very intriguing and I was eager to try the infamous "Long Wong's wings". The atmosphere within the building was unexpected but rather pleasant. There was a DJ and live hip-hop band gearing up to play when I arrived and it only lent to the interesting feel of the restaurant. I was really pleased with everything up until the wings came out. The price was already on the top end of what I consider reasonable for a dozen wings. However, I assumed the size and sauce would make up for the lagging value. I was wrong. The sauce was pretty decent. The size of the wings on the other hand, now that's an entirely different story. These were by far the smallest wings I have EVER seen. I love wings and have made it a point to eat them pretty much everywhere I can find them... In the hundreds of restaurants I've ordered wings from, these were BY FAR the most miniscule. I was literally shocked... It takes a lot for me to voice my frustration to my wait staff (as I've previously worked in the industry), however in this situation I felt justified. I let the bartender know of my discontentment with the size of the wings and his response was, "oh man...  it must have been the bottom of the bag/box, I'm sorry". While his empathy was appreciated, it did nothing for the growling in my stomach or the twelve tiny scraps of chicken glaring at me, mocking my poor choice in dining establishments.
I have no idea what the heck is going on with this place sometimes. I'm friends with a lot of "regulars" here and overhear a lot of strange rumors about the management. Naturally, there's been some changes here, such as moving the stage, updating the sound system and changing the menu. (Boo on removing band names from the menu. Jerks.)

However, the food is still really good and when the barman screwed up my order, he overcompensated me by giving me free chips, a beer and a shot of whiskey. I really didn't expect that, so I was really grateful and no harm was done. BTW, their pesto chicken wrap thing is like drinking nectar of some sort. I don't know, I'm stoned.
I rarely eat fast food, but I like this a lot. 

I love chicken fingers at bars, but skip out on fast food ones...it just doesnt taste of love, usually pre-made and has too much breading that gets too hard after frying and sitting in a heater box. Blah. 

I like that here its fresh- cooked to order and crispy, but not too heavy batter.I wish though they had some side options. I love chicken fingers and potato salad, but coleslaw, fries and toast with special sauce is good too...just sometimes I want to mix it up. Portions are pretty big. My BF and I usually get the 6 finger box (add 2 more fingers for us and our dog and cat go apeshit for this as soon as they smell it at the door so we keep extras for them to share) and it's plenty of food to fill us up. 

Sweet tea! I know its a pound of sugar in each batch but I love it.

Best of all, open late! I dont have many fast food late options near home and this is one of the tastier, fresher fast foods out there.
I can't believe this was not introduced to me any sooner. I love these chicken fingers that is to die for. The cole slaw is bleh but the toast is delicious. I wish they toasted both sides that would make the bread even better.  My only complaint is that this is not closer to my house.
I have been to all the locations here in Las Vegas nd this one by far is the best one. Idk how or what they do to their food here but it's better.
I love it, fresh, crispy, and juicy, in a word delicious.  They are doing something right because the chicken is fried but it never comes across as greasy.  I don't know where to start describing the sauce they have but at first I was sad they didn't have BBQ but now I can't get enough of it, like a pepper cream sauce?  The menu is real simple and all they have are chicken strips and some sides but if thats what you want you won't find any better.  Oh ya there fries are like dell tacos but always hot and crispy and I love the texas toast.  

If you didn't know you can swap out sides in the box combos no charge so sometimes  I'll swap out the cole slaw for a second toast but then I am full for days.

All three locations I have been to have been the same and consistent.
I was sent on the long treck from the speedway to Raising Cane's as a emergency graving fix for my honey. Let me describe my Fat Man he is one of the pickest eaters I know so off I went hopeful it was as great as he said. Well the staff was very hyper could be good to some I was more annoyed then anything but hey if I worked somewhere with sweet tea I would be bouncing off walls to. So I order we get everything it's hot it's fresh but it was just ok there are 2 exceptions the sweet tea is Fabulous and there Texas Toast was the best ever and I'm not even a fan of Texas Toast! The chicken well it reminded me of chicken fingers from a hospital and the French fries where as someone previously said on par with Del Taco. But on the next occasion I get talked into going there I think I'll just gets sides. The chicken I can live without
Oh so finger licking good. The chicken strips are fried to perfection. I like the old fashioned crinkly fries as well. Cole slaw not bad, don't really get the piece of Texas Toast, but I say who cares, my tummy is satisfied. 

I've been trying to figure out what is in the secret sauce though: ketchup, mayonnaise, creole spice, black pepper to taste...?? 
Anyone know out there? 

Great Southern 'fast food' and friendly service.
This was my first visit to Cane's, and while I'm not really disappointed, I feel like a return trip isn't likely in the near future. My problems aren't with the restaurant itself, which is still clean and new, nor the employees, who were friendly enough and seemed relaxed. The problems come from unmet expectations.

If you've seen their website, menu, or ads, you get the idea that the food is large, maybe even hefty. If you're anything like me, you expect a chicken tender to have a little weight to it. For the price, which isn't exactly low, you should be able to walk away full. Much to my surprise when I opened the box, it seems my meal had taken a trip past the shrinking ray. Everything, from the chicken to the fries, looked about half the size that it does in the photos. While I know promotional fast food ads always try to oversell the actual product, this was a striking difference.

Imagine a chicken wing and you might get a clearer picture of what I've encountered here. They are teeny, man. Like kids meal teeny. Even the fries couldn't fill their section of the container. Taste-wise, the food's not bad at all. A little underwhelming, but still tasty enough. The sauce and cole slaw were pretty good too, but nothing I'd go crazy over. The fact that I finished the slaw is compliment enough, since cole slaw and I have been bitter rivals for decades. The Texas toast is just about perfect. Overall good, quality food. Just not enough of it. I also tried their lemonade, which would've been awesome if it weren't for the awfully strong metallic tap water taste overpowering the flavor.

So yeah, good stuff. But I can literally go next door to In-N-Out where they will make the best burger I've ever had in my life for less money. I've had euphoric episodes over there. When it comes to chicken, you could do worse, but for my money I'll just drive to El Pollo Loco.
The billboard on the 15 Fwy plus EVERYONE saying they are addicted really hyped this place up for me. Yesterday I went for lunch. Its 9 miles from home so I was already thinking, This better be worth it! I ordered the 4 piece strip combo, with coleslaw, texas toast and fries and a medium drink. They boast giving military discounts, but after I showed ID and mentioned it, no discount on the receipt. Also I asked for extra sauce .29 cents. charge. The fries were crinkle cut, cafeteria style. Yuck. The coleslaw was ok, think KFC style. The strips were good, just strips....no seasoning or spicy or anything just crispy. They were good, juicy, meaty, but just...ehhhh. The bread was the BEST! Soooo good! My friend ordered the same thing. Got extra sauce for free, military discount and a large drink, no extra charge.......hmmm. Well, I'd go back if I was in the area, for strips and toast. :) For $8 bucks I was full but they need to make better fries, season the chicken and stick to their discounts!

Sorry but Wingstop wins..
This is the place for a quick fix on a chicken addiction! Split the caniac box with someone you love today. Quick, tasty, simple, and easy. Yum.
I've heard a lot about Raising Cane's, so I decided to try it out for myself today for lunch.  I ordered the Chicken Sandwich Combo w/Fries & a Bottle of Water and I ordered two Chicken Strips on the side.

Since I ordered it to dine in, they gave me a receipt and said they would bring it out to my table.  While I was waiting for my meal, I looked around and saw many customers enjoying their food.  I must be getting old because I felt like the music was way too loud in the restaurant.

After a short wait the girl who took my order brought my food out.  I tried a few of the Fries first....they are the crinkled variety.....they were good, but not great.  Next I bit into the Chicken Sandwich.....***Caution, the Chicken is extremely hot***  I burned the hell out of my mouth with that first bite.....the Chicken must have come right out of the fryer.  Wow!  I couldn't taste anything because my taste buds were wiped off the face of the Earth!

I munched on a few more Fries while I waited for the Chicken to cool down a bit.  After a few minutes I finished the rest of the Sandwich and thought it was good....but again, not great.  The Sauce in the Sandwich was the highlight.  The Chicken was just OK.....was kind of bland to me.  I then tried the 2 Chicken Strips I ordered on the side.....again, I thought they were kind of bland.  The quality of the Chicken was very good though.....nice, tender White Meat Chicken....just not enough flavor for my tastes.

Will I return?  Probably not....it just didn't "Wow" me.
Best Chicken Tenders in the whole world.
They have texas toast that is very buttery but sooo good!
Their secret sauce, is the best! 
This is a super cut above any fast food joint in town.
Kids love this place.

My niece doesn't like to eat very much.  But one day we brought some home and she tried it and said, "what is this? this is really good"


Sweet Tea might be too sweet for my taste, but it's sweet tea! Yummy!
Where the sauce is boss
I can't think of anything negative to say about Raising Cane's -- especially this one in Centennial.  I've always had great service there, it's always impeccably clean, and the chicken fingers are ohhh soooo yummy.  So is their delicious special sauce! Yummm.  I also love how they'll let you exchange your cole slaw for another piece of Texas Toast.  Aint nuthin wrong with that!  Heck, I even like their ice!

I guess if I had to pick on ONE thing, it would be their fries... they could probably do a little better on those, but really.... I don't go to Cane's for their fries so I don't care too much.  I go for the chicken.  And they do that RIGHT.
Juicy, crispy, and deep fried chicken tenders. What's not to like? Love them, and plus they give military discount! BONUS!
Best Chicken Fingers in town
Great cause their drive thru is open late. Chicken fingers are pretty good for it being a fast food joint. I like that they don't serve ranch and they have their own secret dipping sauce. I gave it a fourth star because the drive thru guy made me laugh as i was ordering for a car full of friends he quoted "Dude where's my car?" and said "and then? oh no and then?" and that made all of us laugh. Good quick meal to end a chill night out.
The chicken fingers are awesome.  Combine it with the dipping sauce and you are good to go.
So surprised how great the service is at a fast food kinda joint. The place is nice and roomy and well decorated. Lots of stuff on the wall to read while you waiting on your food. And the Caniac, YUM! Perfect amount. Something about their dipping sauce... its good stuff.

The sweet tea is too sweet for my taste, so I mix it with half unsweetened tea. Then I heard about the lemonade and wow, it was delish! Even when all the ice melted, well, while it was still cold, it was good.

You better believe I will be back all the time :) And they got a drive thru.. perfect!
Alright, so this place has grown on me in a big way since my first visit, and I can safely say now that I'm happy to give them buckets of my money. While the size of the chicken isn't always consistent, it's been more hit than miss in the many visits I've had. Some pieces are small, some are decent. They generally average out. Given how delicious it is, I guess anything less than big feels like a shortage. And that sauce. Whoever put that stuff together is no joke. Back in the day it used to burn a layer off the roof of my mouth. Now I practically drink it. And then clean the little cup out with my fries. Those are some bomb fries.

And I always, always look forward to that Texas toast they put in there. I don't care how many carbs are in one box, I get an extra slice. Stuff is perfect. Everything goes together seamlessly and the satisfaction I have after demolishing a Caniac combo is like sex. I was a damn fool to ever give this place three stars, but given that my first experience was inferior to every single one after that, I can understand where I was coming from. Now this place is in my regular rotation and will continue to be until I've moved to a city that doesn't have it. And I will weep, for my chicken finger needs cannot be conquered.
Nothing is more perfect than Raising Cane's and this is my favorite one in Las Vegas with the best service.
The Perfect Chicken strip thick and juicy, the unreal sauce, toast and great fries. But you cannot forget the sweeeet tea!! So unreal! This meal is easily in my top 5 and maybe even a death row request!
The chicken is so tender on the inside and nice and crispy on the outside! I like the light breading that isn't the usual heavy fried chicken batter and when you dip it in their dipping sauce, it is outta this world! The crinkle cut fries are okay, the cole slaw is delicious and the garlic bread is usually something my kids steal from my plate since the kids meals don't come with it. My only gripe about this place is the price. For me to feed my family of four I usually spend upwards of $25 which is a little steep for a fast food joint. The fact that they have sweet tea makes up a little for that. This is a nice change of pace from other fast food restaurants so I'll keep it in my rotation.
It only takes one bad experience, food poisoning in 2011... it was more painful than the time I ate tacos from a street vendor taco stand in Queretaro Mexico.

I did eat there a couple times with no ill effects, and never had problems with Cains on the other side of town.
DUDE!!!!!!!  I grew up in the South so as such I have become like a fried chicken connoisseur and I must say that Raising Cane's is the first and last stop in vegas for awesome fried chicken.  The chicken is always juicy, the breading is simply perfect.  It doesn't have they frozen, institutional taste to it like you get at a Popeye's or KFC.  The Cane's Sauce I'm pretty sure has crack in it as I can't stop eating and most likely have woken up in cold sweets in the middle of the night craving Cane's sauce (ok ok just kidding but it is darn good).  Go here, seriously, or you hate happiness, puppy dogs, and rainbows.
So today we needed a quick dinner before meetings at our kids schools. Cane's has long been my wife's favorite fast food. The main reason I really like this place is that they only do one thing. Chicken. And in my opinion they do it very well. The chicken is always served hot and fresh. Wasn't crazy big on the crinkle-cut fries, but they were also served fresh and hot. So anyways, when in the market for good, fresh and hot fast food I would certainly head back to this restaurant.
Canes proves that its not the size of the chicken finger, its what they do with it that counts. haha Great chicken fingers, great bread, great service, great sauce, fries are soso. High school football teams, cheer teams and dance teams from Arbor View, Centennial and Shadow Ridge usually stop by before or after a game - so you know this place has good food !!  Also, very interesting Chuck Norris facts on the wall. - Chuck Norris is so fast he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head. - When Chuck Norris does a push up, he doesnt lift himself up, he pushes the Earth down. haha & ha. Eat Here! Chuck Norris says so!
favorite chicken finger place ever.... cane sauce and texas toast are amazing. always eat here everytime i go to vegas
Love the chicken fingers. The Canes sauce is awesome and addictive. The Texas toast is delicious. I don't like the Cole slaw so I get more toast instead. The lemonade is great.
Ok, so after hearing so much about this place & checking the reviews, my family and I finally got a chance to check this place out tonight...The drive thru-line was packed & so was the inside. I thought, this place must be great...We got two boxes of The Caniac which included: Cole slaw, Tx Toast, Fries, & 6 chicken fingers...We also got the Sweet tea...My verdict: Bland, Bland, Bland...Wow...I cannot believe how 
season-less this chicken was...Almost like they just threw it in the fryer...We've had better strips at Chili's...Fries: I love crinkle fries but these had no taste whatsoever...The cole slaw was just plain disguisting...Tasted stale. The Sweet tea & Tx Toast was the best thing in the combo...We drove pretty darn far to get to this place & now I'm pissed that I wasted my gas. Kids ate it but only because they were starving. My daughter said it was ehhh ok....Oh, almost forgot about the sauce which people said they couldnt live without. We even bought extras for $.31 cent a piece...Totally not good. Right now, I'm eating these chicken fingers with ketchup and threw a bunch of season on our fries when we got home...Maybe the other locations are better....
Honestly, I thought that the only good thing about Canes was the Sweet Tea and the Texas Toast....and really, how can you mess up tea and toast? 
I thought that the rest of the meal was lackluster and overpriced.
The chicken fingers were TINY, and virtually everything was woefully lacking in seasonings. 
*yawns*
Food was good, but the service ruined it for me. I dont know if the young woman who helped me at the drive through was having a bad day, but she was rude and basically threw my food at me. I do not feel like going there again anytime soon.
After a day of travel and tiling the hallway, Dad was hungry and wanted something filling. Cane's answered that call. 

Cane's fried chicken is awesomely delicious. The menu is very simple, you have you choice of 3 - 6 chicken strips, with fries, bread, maybe coleslaw. And lets not forget there dipping sauce.

So dad got the 6 piece, i got the 3. I'm not a huge fan of the dipping sauce, but Dad ate it like it was going out of style. I'm not really sure how to compare it. Its a little sweet, little spicy, not quite bbq sauce. It looks like white gravy, but so did not taste like it. Maybe thats why I had a distaste for it.

The chicken and fries themselves were delicious. The bread was on point, but my meal was a little large. Next time i might just get the kids meal. Dad ate his whole meal, but then again, he was waiting on me to land before he ate.
The lady here gave me the wrong change so I can't give this place a perfect rating. I didn't even notice till I was driving home. The food itself it actually not bad. The chicken strips are all white meat and they seem to hand batter them on the spot before they flash fry them. The fries on the other hand are those generic french fries you buy at the winco and warm up at home. They also got this mayo based dipping sauce that ain't bad as well. It might just be mayo mixed with ketchup but it's good to me.
There chicken is good and seasoned well.  The food always comes out fresh and hot.  We love there dipping sauce as well.  We got a 3 piece chicken box and a 4 piece chicken box for under $14; can't complain about that.  We have been to the one on Centennial parkway frequently and have never been disappointed.  

The staff is always friendly and on top of keeping the dinning room clean.  Even tho they are almost always busy I never have to wait very long for food.
This location is almost always busy but the service is quick! Their employees are always on top of their game. From point of order to receipt of food is very fast, food quality is always good, I don't think i've ever gotten warm or cold food here, always comes out piping hot. Do yourself a favor and get some cane's sauce to dip your fingers/fries in...that stuff is the business. And if you're a fan of sweet tea, Cane's is the best outside of the south. And they also offer military discount with ID but only on combo's.
They're personable, fast and food is so delicious. A little bit more expensive then your average fast food joint, but the quality and freshness makes it worth it in the long run. Normally it's filled with teenagers, or a few family's, nice hang out spot. Music and friends, what's better than that?
In high school I was a die-hard raising canes fan. Going there littereally 6 times a week. Every worker knew my name, and were all very friendly. This was about the time that Rachel, her step brother, and  Yesssenia worked there. Recently in the past year or so, ive cut down my trips to maybe once a month. This is because the staff NEVER gets my order right. If your gunna charge me 33 cents a sauce and $8.90 for a caniac, can you please check if everythings there.  I would say 1 out of every 3 times i visit raising canes now, I find hair in my food. I find hair in my food at RC more than at any other food establishment. The manager needs to step their game up because they are ruining a once great place.
One of the best chicken places around..... Staff is pretty friendly and they get your order right! The chicken always comes out piping Hot and juicy -- I've never had a piece of dry chicken at Raising Canes, I really wish we had one in LA, you know how much business they would have here?!
Raising Cane's chicken is deliciously seasoned, their fries are great and the Texas Toast is amazing, it seems like they are always busy so the food is always made fresh.
Oh don't forget their dipping sauce, to me it tastes like a smokey Chipotle sauce with Ranch? Very delicious! Very Clean restaurant and cool photos/decor.
YOU WILL NEVER KNOW WHAT REAL CHCIKEN FINGERS ARE UNTIL YOU GO HERE!

They cook their chicken from scratch meaning its not frozen! You might say all these guys do is chicken fingers. Well, they do have a chicken sandwich! Bottom line is that their menu is simple and that's why they do it so well!

For you first timers the Box Combo is the perfect choice. You get 4 chicken fingers, texas toast, cole slaw, fries, and a regular drink.

Important things you need to  know: Each combo comes with at least one "special Cane's sauce" that goes good with everything! Well, maybe not the cole slaw but if that floats your boat, then go for it!. Also, if you don't like the cole slaw, you can trade it in for extra fries or extra bread at no additional charge! How awesome is that? You can also request for them to toast both sides of the bread for more flavor! You can ask for hot sauce and they will give you packets of Louisiana hot sauce. And last but not least, their sweet tea is one of the best I have had in a while. Oh, and make sure you sign up for the Cane's card. Its free and you get cool stuff like free food and discounts. 

I have yet to have bad service at any of their locations! Bathrooms are spacious and kept very clean. 

For more info you can check out their website: www.raisingcanes.com
Awesome!

This place has a simple menu and as a result, it's very good at what it does. very very good chicken strips, texas toast, fries, and cole slaw. The "Cane's sauce" is amazing. Always really high quality food and great customer service. The fries are just ok, but I'm very very picky about french fries. Highly recommended.
My very first Raising Cane's experience and I absolutely LOVED it! My best friend Lori who resides in Las Vegas, whom my family and I were visiting at the time, highly recommended that we try chicken fingers  for lunch at this place called Raising Cane's... At first i was skeptical, "chicken fingers?" and she said yes, "chicken fingers, you haven't tasted nothing like it! Oh man, was she right! It was crispy on the outside, moist in the inside like no other. The meals were accompanied with texas toast, which was excellent as well as their specialty sauce, exceptionally delicious! But it doesn't stop there... As I approached the soda fountain about to serve myself a root beer, she said, you have to get some SWEET TEA!, and so I did, OMGOSH! It was good too! I will never forget this experience...I  Can't wait to have my Cane's fix, but until then, drooling over my photos taken that day will have to do....
I really wanted to love this place and give them 5 stars, but it was hard because I was a bit disappointed. I gave Cane's 4 stars for their service, cleaniness, and because they have the best fast food chicken tenders in Las Vegas.  Another reason for the 4 stars is because I can't find a Chick fil A around me. So, this place will have to do. 

What I've Tried:
-The Box:  4 Chicken Fingers, Texas Bread, and Fries:  Fries were dry and the chicken fingers were greasy.  Atleast the chicken fingers were real chicken breast cuts and cooked fresh.  The Texas Bread was actually the highlight.

-Chicken Sandwich:  Pretty good, but still with greasy chicken fingers.  This was basically the chicken fingers inside a bun.
  
-The Sauce:  Another highlight

Really wanted to love this place, especially since fellow yelpers and friends swear by them. All this place really did for me was crave Chick fil A even more.  Don't get me wrong, the chicken fingers were pretty good.  Just not good enough for me to give it 5 stars. 

My other issue is their menu.  Not much more than just a Chicken Sandwich and Chicken Fingers.  At least Chick fil A offers wraps and breakfast. Maybe this place has a special menu like IN-N-Out.  I suggest they create a Texas Bread Chicken Sandwich.  Now that would be good.
Awesome chicken Justin!!!
When I ate meat, I would go here for juicy chicken fingers and addicting cajun special sauce. The fries are alright, nothing to drool about, but dip them in the sauce and they become your best friend. Prices are ok, but if you want extra sauce, you have to pay for it :(
Best thing about this place? Bring your DOG through the drive through, and they will give it a treat!
Great chicken tenders
Arguably the best fast food place in town.
Start your review...food to be mediocre. I was pleasantly surprised when I tasted freshly cooked chicken and fries. The staff did not cut any corners even though it was close to closing time.

The girl who took my order was very friendly, however after she took my order she close the window and stated something at which time several other staff members came to the window to stare at me. I don't know if it was because I was in an unmarked security patrol car or it was because I was in uniform but I was a little uneasy about that. Once I receive my food I felt I needed to double check it to make sure nothing had been done intentionally to my food. Nothing had been done and the food was awesome but the demeanor of the staff detracted from my experience at this specific location.

I would suggest this place only for persons not in uniform or working as many times we are targets of misplaced aggression of cooks and other personnel. That being said if I was not in uniform or driving a patrol car I would definitely return to this location. The food was awesome and on its own warrants my return.
Good junk food with awesome sweet tea.  The service is fast, the staff is friendly, and the food is always good.
Toooasstttttt.....

Drive up to the drive-thru like what up I want a chicken box. 
With some extra toast. Toooasstt!

Here I was all excited, about the toast and all, and I pull up to the first window to pay and the cashier Sarah (I'm assuming it's Sarah cause, surprise, they put the name on the receipts) is snotty towards me. Ugh, what did I do to you chick, I just wanted some extra toast! She goes to hand me back my card without saying a word to me, but see's a coworker/friend on the other side of the parking lot and feels the need to shout REALLY LOUD to him, like "bye"or some shit. So in the mist of that she drops my card and just turns around to close the window. UH OK. Maybe if you didn't have those hideously obvious, fakeass colored-contact lenses in, you'd be able to see what the fuck you were doing and not drop my shit without so much an apology. You asshat.

Got to the other window, got my delicious food with my fucking extra toast that I fucking really wanted and was like fuck yes, and drove off. 

Food wise, the chicken is good but if you're looking for a crispy country-fried version, this definitely ain't it, and the toast is obviously the best thing on the planet. The only thing I hate about this place is the french fries. They're those little wiggly, scrunchie shaped ones that remind me of the frozen shit they served in my elementary cafeteria. Blek. Toast is the best though for sure, and the only reason I even bother coming to this place.

You know I fucking love the toast if I'm dealing with little shithead teens to get it. YOOOOooooo
I first heard of raising canes from a friend who insisted of it being delicious. Menu wise isn't much too choose from but who cares lol it's chicken fingers. Who wouldn't love it lol! Prolly one of the best chicken fingers ever tasted.
I really enjoy the plump juicy fingers here! The dipping sauce makes my mouth water.  Yes the fries are not all that great, usually pretty soggy and limp but as Colleen mentioned, if you dip them into the sauce you'll forget about the fact that the fries are limp.  They honestly don't give you enough dipping sauce, I could drink it from the serving cup HA HA.
RC's always hits the spot.  It's one of the only fast food joints I hit, but it's the "bossy sauce" that makes it work!

I doubt I need to describe the food to you, and if you have never been here before, just imagine juicy chicken strips, yummy fries and toast, and a great sauce that goes well with everything.

Not much more to say...it was clean and the service was friendly.  Just come eat lol
It may sound weird to have a Rewards Card to a fast food joint but this place is the best. Special Sauce, Texas Toast, and America's favorite fried chicken! Why not have a rewards card when you know you'll come back when you're feeling hungry and lazy!
A very good fast food chicken fingers joint.  Their very good chicken fingers are moist, not dry.  Good dipping sauce.  Their fries and bread are average to above average.  I don't prefer cole slaw, so I don't rate that part of their combo.  A must try restaurant.
Raising Canes is the biz, seriously!  I'm not even really found of chicken strips but the ones here are pretty good.  The chicken they use and the way the make it is excellent.  On top of that is their Canes sauce that compliments the chicken well.  

The fries are forgettable in my opinion.  I actually see the fries as their major downfall.  Just reminds me of Ore Ida homecooked fries.  The Texas toast is pretty good and goes great with the chicken.  The coleslaw too is great.  As you can tell, I ordered a Caniac Combo that had 6 pieces of chicken strips, fries, Texas toast, and coleslaw.

They've also got their ice down, similar to what Sonic's did.  Only downfall is that they put too much ice leaving you with very little soda.  

Can you please open up some locations in Southern Cal?  That would be GREAT.
Raising Canes is usually what I call fail safe food. It's really hard to mess up chicken fingers with a big cup of lemonade or sweet tea. And their "Box" combo with Texas toast, cole slaw, fries and 4 strips is priced right too. But all that being said this Cane's location found a way to serve some of the soggiest, saddest fries you can find in Vegas. While the chicken fingers were hot and the Cane's sauce was cold as it should be, the soggy fries left everyone disappointed today. 

3 Stars.Sorry but the fries just didn't get it done.
One of the best fast food chicken joints I've ever been to and this location is no exception. The only problem with this location is that it gets really packed around dinner time, especially on the weekends. You food is made to order and always comes out hot and fresh. If the food wasn't so bad for you I'd be coming here more!
Excellent customer service and clean, bright dining room makes me happy. As does crispy chicken, yummy fries, and tasty bread! Cane's has all of these things.

This particular location is situated among a bunch of other fast/sit-down dining options off of a shopping center by Centennial and the 2-15. The place is busy and Cane's was busy, even when my husband and I stepped in a little after 9 PM. This Cane's is open until 1:30 AM. Pretty good place if you have a late night fried chicken craving.

What I like best about Cane's is their customer service. Employees are nice to customers and that makes the ordering process better than most fast-food places. Also, in case you were not aware, Cane's gives a discount to military and military dependents. You will need both your ID and your spouse's ID to get two discounts per combo meal, but it is worth it! With two discounts I saved over $2 on mine and my husband's food.

The combo meals we received were great. Nicely fried chicken strips, not greasy, fries, also not greasy. Came out with the much needed Cane's sauce (for me anyway). And of course, the mandatory chunk of bread. I'm not a huge fan of the bread, but it's all right.

Overall I would return to this locaiton when I am back in this part of town.
Love the caniac combo! Substitute cole slaw for another texas toast :) Yum !
We have been 100% happy every time we have eaten here. It is always fresh and hot! The chicken is so juicy, the fries are awesome, and the toast is wicked good!

We love the 3 and 4 box combos and have had them many times.

We will definitely continue to be regulars!
This place is really clean and the service is got to be one of the best around.  Fried chicken is different in a good way.  It is flavorful but not heavy.  The fries, cole slaw, and Texas toast that accompanies the meal are all very good.  They have sweet tea and ice tea.  Again, very good flavor for both.  They have a sauce that compliments their chicken and fries.
Whoda thunk...a restaurant that sells only chicken fingers?  Like that's gonna last??  Well, looks today like Raising Cane's is the Mickey D's of fast food fingers.  But they do a pretty good job at it.

Keepin' it simple and keepin' it good is one of Raising Cane's mantras.  Make it right, and they will come.  First time I came to a Raising Cane's was like 7 years ago.  It is still the place I come to now if I want a fresh meal of chicken fingers.  Thankfully, their product is fresh battered and fried in house, not frozen in a bag just needing a reheat.  Fresh = Good!  

Dunno what it is about chicken fingers, they are like America's past time food now.  Kids clamor for chicken fingers!  Don't like fried chicken?  Have chicken fingers!  Need a quick party food?  Get some chicken fingers!  Like Ranch dressing?  Here, eat these chicken fingers!  It's somehow completely taken over the finger food world.

No, Raising Cane's isn't a fancy place (but they do have some cool memorabilia), and if you're looking for a juicy burger this ain't your joint.  But they do some damn fine chicken fingers, crinkle cut fries, cole slaw, and Texas toast.  And damn you Raising Cane's for your yummy sweet tea!  I could damn near drink a gallon of this stuff, feel my blood sugar rise, and drink another cup just for good measure.  You don't make it any easier with that ice you serve either, caviar for ice-eaters like me.  

What is it with that damn Cane's sauce, huh?  The addictive, what I'm sure is crack-laced dip that I dunk everything in to?  I've been trying for years to distinguish with my taste buds exactly what is in that sauce of yours.  I get ketchup.  I get mayo.  I get some garlic.  I get black pepper.  Perhaps a hint of Worcestershire?  I've made it at home but I can never get that taste like yours.  What secret am I missing?  I could dip a rusty anchor in your damn Cane's sauce and it would probably taste delightful.

This location is almost always busy it seems, maybe because of placement.  It is after all by a major highway, and flanked with a plethora of different eateries all within walking distance from each other.  Like - In N' Out, On the Border, Panda Express, and across the street is Subway, Smashburger, and Café Rio.  I'm sure Raising Cane's benefits from all that foot traffic.

Service here is very quick, friendly, and sufficient.  Although I don't think I've ever seen an employee over the age of 25 unless you're the manager or assistant manager.  Lots of high school and college folk manning the registers.  Oh well, as long as y'all don't mess up my fingers and sweet tea I guess we'll be OK!

Oh yeah, one last tip - Stick with the chicken finger combos.  I dunno why some of you INSIST on the sandwich combo!  Sometimes I wish Raising Cane's would take that thing off the menu.  It doesn't work with lettuce!  But, if you absolutely need a chicken sandwich do the following: 

1) Before you go to Raising Cane's, bring some sliced pickles in with you.  Look, go buy some and bring them in a Ziploc or something.  Just make sure they're good tasting pickles.  Don't cheap out!

2) Order The Box (if it's just you), The 3 Finger (if it's just mini-you), or The Caniac (if it's me) and sub your coleslaw (even though it's good) for an extra slice of Texas toast.  If you buy The 3 Finger combo you'll have to spring for buying an extra slice.  

3)  Upon receiving your order and eating, take one slice of Texas Toast, slather with Cane's sauce.  Place hijacked pickles on sauce.  Top with 2-3 chicken fingers.  Put some hot sauce on fingers if you like spicy.  Take other slice of Texas toast, slather with more Cane's sauce.  Place slice on top of fingers.

4) Ta-Da!  Your own damn chicken sandwich!  Yes, simple.  But sooooooo good.  Trust me!
Their food is ok. I mean it's just fried chicken strips bum not going to lie its good but nothing to rave about.   Their customer service is too notch though. 

It comes with a piece of toast. I wished that it would have garlic butter on it. If it did then I may have to give it another star.
Always had a good meal. We eat their two or three times a month. I am very picky and they have yet to let me down
After recently moving to Las Vegas from CA, I was excited to find a raising canes since they don't have them in CA. 
The chicken strips are sooo good, I've been to this location a few times and the food has been fresh every time. The fries are so-so but the chicken strips make up for it. 
The only thing preventing the 5th star is that I really don't like the canes sauce - and I asked that it not be put in the box...not only was it in the box but it popped open and was all over the fries and some of the chicken.
Had dinner here last night. The music is so loud the employees can't hear you. Throw the confetti they mess my order up. I was trying to be my polite self but the manager kept yelling I can't hear u the music is so loud. I started to say here is a hint turn it don't so I don't have to yell. This is a favorite lil chicken junt of mine. But I will take my food to go thank you. The tables were dirty. The floors were dirty. Why does the manager allow staff to use a dirty black mop. Ewww! Just spreading germs all about the restaurant.  Makes me wonder how they sanitize the kitchen. If they find it acceptable to mop the dining room with such a germ filled mop. I give them two Stars and I will go back just once more to see how I like it. If I don't like it they have other locations.
Absolutely love this place! Food is awesome and the service is even better! They bring out your food and will come by and throw it away when you are done! The ice is phenomenal (little nuggets you can chew on). I can't say enough about this place. I wish I could buy a franchise!
I will be honest I am a HUGE fan of Fried Chicken in most any form. Typically I am a dark meat type of girl but Raising Cane's has DELICIOUS batter and quality chicken. This was my first time at this location and everyone here was super friendly and they are on point as far as making sure food arrives in a timely fashion. The food speaks for itself but this is my favorite canes thus far because of the quality service and friendly smiles and fast delivery of the yummy food.  DONT forget to try the cane sauce but if you aren't a fan you can always get some yummy honey mustard!
I LOVE it! First "fast food" type place that has quality Texas toast. I'm a chicken tender lover and a picky eater but I loved it here. Simple, good prices, great signature sauce, great hours, great staff. 5/5. :)
BEST.FOOD.EVER! And the sweet tea is to die for!! My fav! You can be sure your food is always hot, the staff is in point and friendly, and the tea is refreshing! You will not be disappointed.
I like chicken fingers and that's a good thing, because that's pretty much all they sell here. When you pretty much only sell one product you better be good at it, and I felt they were. The breading on the chicken was of a medium thickness I would say. You can either use their house made sauce or they have honey mustard. I do wish they had a sauce bar where you could choose from lots of different sauces. Fries were OK, but nothing special. They also have coleslaw, but I opted for extra fries in place of the coleslaw. In addition to soda, they do also offer both tea and sweet tea. I wish we had one of these back home as my boys would love it.
Good chicken strips & I love the sweet tea!!
They support local charities & school/college teams too!!
Seriously for fast food you have to give this place a five. This simple menu with the chicken fingers and the spicy sauce and the bread and the crinkle fries it's just amazing down to the ice they put in their soda which is chewy ice it's just really good
I love their sauce and will gladly trade fries and bread for extra sauce. :)
On our most recent visit, employee Kenton was SO patient and professional in explaining how we could get the most chicken for our $$.  Little things like that is what will keep me a loyal customer.
This particular location seems larger than the ones I'm used to. :) You can never go wrong with Cane's especially for the great combos, sweet tea & their decent prices.
I usually don't review chain fast-food places but I've got a couple gripes with Raising Canes. First of all, I respect that they have a small menu. Any place that has so few choices must have some good product to stay in business -- and their chicken fingers are 'good product'. But the price is a little on the steep side in my opinion. $7.34 for their box combo meal which comes with 4 chicken fingers, fries, texas toast, cole slaw, and a drink. Maybe I'm just getting old and/or I'm really cheap, but I remember the days when you could get a huge lunch for under 5 bucks.

My other gripe is for the temperature in the restaurant. Holy shrinkage, Batman! It's freezing in there. If I needed to cut any of my food I could have used my razor sharp nipples because it was more than a bit chilly in there.

This new location opened recently on Rainbow, south of the 215. I went during the lunch rush and couldn't believe how many people were getting their grub on at this place. Serving nothing but chicken fingers is a niche market, but apparently it's a big niche.
Delish. That's the one word that comes to mind when I think of my experience at Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers.

The menu and concept is simple. Chicken Fingers. Everything else is sides such as fries, cole slaw and an extra helping of awesome.

I popped into this location last night with some LA friends. We were hungry after an epic BBQ and Pool Party and needed to go someplace quick before our trip to the Downtown Cocktail Room (see my review on DCR).

I had the "most popular" box meal. 4 Chicken Fingers, Crinkle Cut fries, Texas Toast, a side of slaw, and a drink. Effing amazing. All of it. Probably really unhealthy, but my several spin classes and high mileage running this week will burn it off, so who cares.

Couple things that made the experience epic. Real crushed ice. Coke Zero in the soda fountain. Sweet tea. And the special secret dipping sauce.

This place is worth the drive, walk, stumble or whatever. Get your ass here now. Trust me. It'll change your outlook on life.
"Hello...My name is Chris and I am a Caniac", there...they say the first step is admitting, the second is eating!!!

When I first drove by the construction for this store (blocks from my house), I practically peed myself in anticipation.

I still remember the first time I had Canes, I was baffled at the fact that the menu has pretty much 2 things on it, Chicken Fingers and French Fries. They only a few combos, but when you do it this good you don't need other options.

Their Chicken Fingers are great, the fries are good, the Texas Toast and cole slaw are good sides, but there are 2 things that keep bringing me back to Cane's.

#1-Cane's Sauce...I have no clue what all goes into making Canes Sauce, but I'm pretty sure it includes crack, this stuff is addictive, I like it on my chicken fingers, french fries, and toast, hell if I could get a bathtub full of it, I would!!!

#2-Lemonade...I have not drank a single serving of soda since in about 9 years, most of the time whenever I go out, I drink water, but Cane's Lemonade is AMAZING, they make it fresh every day, and it is hands down the best Lemonade I've every had at a restaurant (chain or otherwise)

I have also hear great things about their Iced Tea, I wouldn't know since I'm not a fan of Iced Tea.
Raising Cane's is awesome. I always order the Big Box, The Fingers are made fresh and come out HOT. So its best to let them cool off for a bit. The French Fries are good, offering Onion RIngs wouldnt be a bad thing. The Staff are always friendly and checking to make sure everything is ok. Something about the sauce. I prefer the Sweet Tea. You wont be disappointed.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!  Simple menu with tender chicken strips, fries, toast, and SWEET TEA!  YEAH!  I actually give this place 4.5 stars because I found the slaw to be somewhat bland.  Been at this drive-thru two Vegas trips in a row, now.  They should open these in Orange County.  

Attention, Raising Canes Management - Portillo's of Illinois pulled it off in the OC.  You can too!
Brewed Iced Tea: YES

I've been here a couple of times and enjoyed it each time. I like how my tea comes with small chipped ice, the food each time was super hot and straight out of the fryer, and the employees were nice and friendly.

They offer sweet tea (never tried it) and fresh lemonade (tasty and tart). I would come back the next time I get a craving for chicken fingers.
Usually I get the Box Combo with four chicken strips, fries, cole slaw and the Raising Cane's secret sauce. I mostly enjoy the light breading on the chicken strips, it is similar to some corn flakes. The strips are always super hot, which is good for any quality food. Each Vegas store, from the ones I have visited, have some sort of pop art relating to Las Vegas and a famous velvet Elvis piece.
The secret is in the sauce...I wish they came in packets so I can take some home! It has like a peppery ..zingy taste to it . I had the Chicken Sandwich combo that comes with fries and Sweet Tea to drink. The chicken in the sandwich is crispy and juicy and is topped with the sauce. Yum! The fries are also done just right so they are not soggy . I also love the Sweet Tea here .. it tastes just as good as the Tea at Memphis BBQ. The decor here is fun with different movie and music posters adorning the walls. It gives me something to look at while I'm enjoying my meal!
When we first moved here and I heard that there was a restaurant that only served chicken fingers I thought ,how can that work? For a restaurant to only have one 'main item', it better be the best product out there. 
We finally broke down and went to Raising Cane's and were delighted with the experience! The chicken fingers truly are the best ever! Moist chicken, crispy flavorful breading- it doesn't get much better than that! The sides are excellent as well, and I love, love, love the dipping sauce!
Raising Cane's gets an A+++ from me!
I'm not sure, if I've eaten here before. I heard so many stories that there chicken is delicious and the sauce & sweet tea is to die for. So I had to try it. I got the 4 piece meal with large sweet tea!

The chicken was fresh and DELICIOUS! The best thing ever was the special sauce! I dipped the fries, chicken and texas toast in the sauce and they only gave us one container. They need to give us more special sauce. I was actually impressed with the meal overall. I will def. eat it again in the future and maybe at least once a week. A must try, if you like chicken strips.
Gave Cane's a shot last night and really came away impressed with their staff and the food. The chicken was fresh, had the taste & consistency of chicken and we enjoyed it. The crinkle fries were good and their "special sauce" was pretty darn good as well.
Their staff was very good for a young group and who are working at a fast food joint. At least 4 different people greeted us or said something nice and everyone was friendly and polite, job well done! I don't think we'll eat here too often just because we don't eat a lot of fried food but it was worth giving a shot and especially if you want some good chicken fingers and great customer service.
ok ... it could be the southern in me ... but I LOVE Cane's.
It tastes like good old fashioned fried chicken and they serve it with this bomb -ass sauce. ( yes i said bomb-ass) .  It is a tangy and savory sauce that you have to eat with everything... including the crinkle cut fries... and texas toast ... (omg the Texas Toast) 
I swear i gain like 5 lbs just talking about this place.
I typically get the three finger deal which is awesome and I either get a sweet tea- OR  Lemonade ... because OMGOSH soooooo good.

hmmm I wonder if I should go for lunch.
I was never an avid chicken finger enthusiest.......until I moved to Vegas and discovered Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers!  

What more is there to say?  The chicken is cooked to perfection.  The breading is light and crispy, not heavy and hard like others I've tried.  

Another plus.....crinkle cut fries!   May not sound like a huge deal, but I've found that the crinkles in the fries increases the surface area which allows them to carry copious amounts of ketchup.....I like ketchup.

The toast was good too!  The downside of the meal was the slaw....but I'm not a fan of slaw anyways.  I come here at least twice a week, and do not see any reason to stop.
Who would've thought that a fast food place that "specializes" in chicken tenders would be such a hit? Well, Cane's did! 

I'd say that it's a place that is comparable, if you've ever had it, to Chik-fil-a. The tenders are so full of flavor from the breading to the meat itself. I don't know what they call their sauce but it's not bad, pretty peppery, I like it. 

It was pretty cute how they decked out the place for Halloween. Service was good, they were pretty nice here.
Very good chicken and toast Wish they would carry a box combo with no drink,there sauce is amazing i want to put it on everything, toast is made with garlic and very good.With the limited menu i guess you have to do it right or you wont last long.There mascot golden retreiver is super cute too.
Goodness at your fingertips. Flavorful breading and awesome sauce will get me working out at the gym much more to keep the cholestrol down and continue to indulge in this fried goodness.

The sauce brings it all together. Its an aioli (fancy mayonaise) with a chili pepper kick to it.

Order extra sauces so you don't run out near the end due to dipping the fries and the buttery toasted bread in along with the chicken strips! Chicken strips! Just saying it makes me smile. Chicken Strips!
Raising Cane's is legit. I hit up this location at least once a week if not more. I have a problem. I don't know whether it's the Canes sauce or the hot, juciy, plump chicken fingers. Or maybe it's the fresh, crispy fries. Everything is fresh and delicious. 

Anyways, I always get the same thing. Caniac combo; no toast extra cole slaw. Instead of 2 Cane's sauces, 1 cane sauce and 1 honey mustard. Canes sauce has a little kick too. And for my drink I get the unsweetened ice tea and put my splendas in. I don't need the extra sugar from the sweetened tea. Trust me, i'm fat.

Most of the cashiers know my order by heart. David is a great worker there. We always have a good conversation about life. Customer service is always A+++ here. Asking if everything is ok, or If I need something. The place is always spotless too. They are always wiping down tables or cleaning the soda fountain and ketchup area.
My family always would tease that if we went to a five-star restaurant, I would order chicken fingers.  And I'll admit- that was true for a number (18) of years.  I have always loved chicken fingers.  I would order them at a bowling alley, a steakhouse, a burger joint, etc. Because I was addicted.

Since then, my palate has grown and I enjoy steaks at steakhouses, burgers at burger joints and beers at bowling alleys.

However, when Raising Cane's came to Las Vegas, my excitement went full-blown and I could not WAIT to try these chicken fingers!  (Did the power's above finally hear me and create a place that would be my heaven?!?!)

With my first experience I wasn't sold on the sauce.  I like honey mustard with my chicken fingers and there being only one sauce confused me.  But I LOVED the flavor of the fingers, LOVED the crinkle-cut fries (seriously, those are the best fries!), the bread was delicious, coleslaw was good and they had Dr. Pepper!

Fast forward a few months and I gave the sauce another shot and have never looked back.

Sometimes the wait might be a tad long, but when they are fresh and cooked to order, the wait isn't so bad.

The company itself seems pretty awesome, as I always hear the owner's on the radio promoting local schools and even UNLV.

Speaking of UNLV Men's Basketball (GO REBS!), if the Rebel's win,  bring in your ticket within 24 hours of the game and get a FREE Rebel's combo.  The Rebel's combo is pretty much a children's meal: 2 chicken fingers, sauce and fries.  For Free, that is very good!

Thank you Raising Cane's for sharing my one love (besides my husband): chicken fingers!
What a brilliant concept! Chicken strips onDemand; I wish I had thought of it. 

Tender, juicy, beautifully breaded chicken strips fried to perfection. Dip them in the oh so magical Cane's sauce and you'll have a life changing experience.

Crinkle cut fries and melt in the mouth garlic bread come on the side to make this delightful meal complete. It's a new favorite for Vegas.

Downfall: Coleslaw, no one likes coleslaw.
I came here not only because I saw it on Yelp but because some of my friends told me to. So I brought my neice and nephew since they wanted some chicken fingers. We all got the 3 piece meal which included, duh, 3 pieces of chicken fingers, piece of bread, fries and a drink. The bread just reminded me a little like Hawaiian bread, slightly toasted. Fries were just ok. Sweet tea was good and I could feel the cavity creeps starting to make a home as I drank it. Chicken fingers were crispy and seasoned nicely but the secret sauce was THE BOMB YO! Yeah, I said "the bomb yo". You taste it and wonder "what the hell is in this?" I was trying to figure out what the flavors were in this sauce. It could have been ass juice and barf for all I know. Actually, it seemed to have a thousand island background. Ranch too? I dont know. But it was hella good. Yeah, I said hella.
Brewed Tea: YES

On my last visit the cashier noticed my dog on my lap and she gave me a doggie bone. 

I know, I know... I know. It's fast food. But how many fast food places can you say has EXCELLENT customer service? How many places can you say that ANYWHERE? Well this place has it. Excellent service, nice employees, and good food. I'm a real tight-ass when it comes to 5 stars but this place deserves it.
Food is always fresh and tasty. Doesn't take more than five minutes for my order. It can get crowded during lunch and dinner though.
I loved loved loved their chicken fingers!! It was my first time trying this heart attack in a plate and I was pleasantly surprised by its simplicity. Chicken strips, fries, a piece of bread, and some dipping sauce. Sounds pretty simple but the combination is truly orgasmic. The chicken was cooked to perfection with the right amount of batter. Crispy and yet very soft and tender. The fries were also really good, enough to finish the entire plate, although I did not dare. I didn't get a chance to try the sweet tea, but I'll take your word for it and say it was probably pretty damn good. Overall I had a great experience. I definitely see myself hitting this place up after a drunk night but they're only open till midnight. I guess I gotta go back to drinking at noon...
Raising Cane's never ceases to satisfy my hunger!! I usually get the box combo, which comes with 4 chicken strips & fries, a piece of toast, secret sauce and cole slaw (you can substitute the slaw for another piece of toast =D, which I always do!)

The toast is the best part to this boxed combo!! It is perfectly buttery with a crunch on the outside, and soft and delectable inside! Best bread you will have in a lifetime!

The sweet tea & ice is also pretty great!! Eat there so you can enjoy unlimited refills! HAHA =)
My favorite chicken strip place!  Fan of the sauce the sweet tea and the Texas Toast! yes yes and yes!
I have just moved back to Las Vegas and swore that I would get out of my structured box and try new things so instead of going to Popeye's for chicken which I love, I tried Raising Canes which someone referrred me to.  In a nutshell, the chicken is not nearly as good as Popeyes not is the quantity the same.  That is the con of going there.  Is it bad?  No certainly not, I just think you can do better. 
The service is very good and the people are very friendly.  The sweet Tea is as good as the Waffle House and Lucilles BBQ.  The Texas toast is great.  The coleslaw is better than KFC's.
Love this place.
Just ate at a buffet a few hours earlier. On my way home I still had the munchies. got myself some Cherry on Top frozen yogurt and then saw Raising Cane's. I was feeling some chicken fingers, the caniac combo with sweet ice really did the spot. it filled up whatever room i had left and more. Nice and clean interior, seems like a good place to chillax after long day. i probably could have just gone with the box combo but you know how it is when there's a big picture of food in front of you, i wanted it. i always get huge portions at Raising Cane's.
I have been here many times, they are not the best chicken fingers I ever had but in a pinch I'll head here.
After leaving a concert on Friday night I was desperate for a small bite to eat, didn't want a greasy burger or spicy taco's so late at night. I also didn't have the patience for a sit down meal. Raising Canes is around the corner from our house and was relieved when their drive thru was still open (til 1 am on Friday and Saturday).
Their chicken is tender white meat pieces, never greasy, cooked to order, so they are always fresh. I hate the dipping sauce (my hubby loves it), so I've been known to take a bottle of Kens honey mustard dipping sauce with me to the restaurant (shhhh!). I'm not a fan of crinkle cut fries, so I skip em. The coleslaw is okay. Love the Texas toast though. Their ice tea and lemonade is an added bonus:)
growing up with canes in the south, it definately takes me back to eat here.

unlike some other posters, canes chicken fingers ARE the best i have ever eaten, but they are really only a vehicle for consuming the Canes sauce!

the sweet tea is also AMAZING!  i dont live in vegas, so as im leaving, i always get a jug for the road out!

a limited menu (in this case) means one thing-  you dont really need much else!

on a trip to las vegas filled with $150 per person dinners-  canes is usually the first place we hit upon arrival!
Good food, but I think its a bit over-priced, hence 4 not 5 stars. The box combo with chicken fingers, fries, texas toast, and slaw is the popular way to go. The food has always been fresh, and the staff is over the top happy. It almost freaks me out a little bit that every single staff member smiles so much. I would assume it's because the working conditions are great and not that they are robots (literally).  I have officially made the switch over from McDonalds nuggets to Raising Canes, which almost pains me to say considering those Micky D nuggs are part of my youth!

Overall, I highly recommend for a lazy, redbox sorta night.
When it comes to fast food Canes is a great spot.  Fresh chicken fingers, crinkle cut fries, fresh coleslaw, Texas toast and secret sauce.  That is what you can expect every time you come here.  I love it, my wife loves it and most importantly my kids love it.  The hardest decision you will face when your their is wether to choose the sweat tea or lemonade.
I preface this review by noting that I'm not a fan of fried food in general, especially chicken. 

Raising Cane's is actually quite tasty. I just don't understand the hype. They are pretty basic and although they taste ok, I don't anticipate making them a staple in my dining rotation. The dipping sauce is nothing amazing, but it does go well with the chicken. The fries are very meh. They're not crispy in the least and lack flavor. If I was going to eat here again, I'd probably only order the chicken and skip the fries. 

All in all, just ok but it's a good alternative to some fast food joints in town.
Best Sweet Tea in town!!
There was a time when I went to Canes 2 - 3 a times week for a month. Oh boy, did I have a grand time. It's different now. Don't get me wrong, it's wonderful.. but my taste buds have become tolerant.. I guess I blame myself. Anything you choose off the menu's gorgeous.. I wouldn't try the burger though.. Save that for In-N-Out later.

You can also swap items such as coleslaw for Canes sauce or extra toast. Which I also do because I'm not a coleslaw-er.. lol
If you're in the mood for chicken fingers, Cane's is the place to go for a quick and awesome meal!

Me and my husband usually get the Caniac to share.  Its typically just the right amount of food for us.  Comes with 6 fingers, fries, two pieces of toast, coleslaw, and a drink.  6 fingers might not seem like much to split between two people, but with the sides, it makes for a pretty fulfilling meal for two people.  

The fingers are always tender and juicy.  It has the perfect amount of breading and is never really greasy.  Their fries are nothing just fries and the coleslaw is just coleslaw.  Their texas toast is definitely something to mention.  It's awesome.  Its toasted so perfects!  I like to take a little bit of the toast, wrap it around a piece of the chicken, and dip is in the sauce.

The sauce is one of their biggest selling points here.  It's like a spicy mayo peppery sauce.  Goes hand in hand with the chicken fingers IMO!

My suggestion would be to eat there.  The food tastes much better fresh and doesn't get soggy like it would if you took it home.  Plus, refills on the delicious sweet tea!
The food is always good. Chicken fingers and fries served with Texas toast and canes secret sauce.
You get what you pay for when you're talking about Raising Cane's.  It is what it is; they are who we thought they were, haha....  But when you get down to the brass tax, it's fried chicken fingers that we keep coming back for ladies and gentleman.  They do it well and often and I for one will keep coming back.  

There is of course the people who say, "That's all they have?".  And I usually reply with "yes, but they do it Oh so Well!".  So try the chickend fingers my friends and know that it is the one thing that they do, and they are not ashamed of that fact!
This place didn't live up to the hype that I was hearing. People from around here was saying this place is great! amazing! delicious! It was decent for chicken fingers and fries. The chicken fingers were ok, the sauce it comes with was pretty good tho. The toast they give you is actually pretty good too, and the fries are the crinkly ones, not bad. Their sweet tea was delicious. I probably won't come back for a while, not really craving it.
I think I'm addicted to the sauce because I'm always craving this place. To me, it's better than chick fil a.  I like how the chicken fingers here are always so fresh & crispy on the outside. Yum! I like the Texas Toast & sweet tea too. The cole slaw is not my favorite & the fries are ok. The staff is always super friendly at this location. You can even order party packs to go. Take it to the party w/ some beer & you're good to go.
I came here back in February for the first time, my friend who lives out here said we all had to try it. They serve nothing but chicken fingers, I'm serious, just chicken fingers. I was hesitant to try the Cane Sauce (I heard more about the Sauce then the chicken from my friends) and I am very glad I tried it, it's amaze-balls!!!! I have to come to Raising Cane's whenever I visit Las Vegas, it's a must no matter what my plans are.
I tried Raising Canes about 2 weeks ago and have gone back 4 more times so far. This restuarant is only a mile from my new house that I purchased 11/04.  I've had the strips alone and the strip sandwich. The cane sauce is great on the sandwich but when I eat the strips by themselves I prefer the honey mustard. Where the hell is the ranch and bleu cheese?  The chicken is fresh and the batter is light which I prefer.  

My only knock on this place is a small one. It has to do with the way they take my order. Lets say I order a three chicken finger sandwich. The conversation will go like this - (EVERY TIME)

Hi can I get  a chicken sandwich with Cane sauce please?

Sure - What kind of drink would you like with that?

Huh? Who said drink? Just a sandwich with cane sauce please.

Oh OK im sorry, Sandwich Combo with no drink please pull around.

At Window - That will be $ X (about three dollars more than I have in my hand)

What? I thought the sandwich was $4.32

Sandwich? You wanted fries and toast too.

No I didnt, I hate french fries and I dont even eat toast in the morning with my eggs.

Oh Im sorry, I must have misunderstood.

Other than this, which I have gone through every time - even the one time I went to the location on the other side of town - I have to say the service is pretty good. The people are friendly and the place looks clean. I know that this high pressure approach is the result of stupid managers pushing sodas and 'combos' to people who dont want them and not due to the ineptitude of their employees.
The food was good.  I got the regular chicken finger basket that came with coleslaw and texas toast.  The chicken fingers were nothing special and the Cane's Sauce was alright, not as great as everyone led on.  I am disappointed that they don't have ranch dressing... The coleslaw was good, if you like coleslaw, not like KFC coleslaw but still good.  The Texas toast was probably the best part of the meal, as silly as that sounds, it was phenomenal.  Honestly, this is a quick stop for something different on the go, pretty good overall.
Ate here two days in a row. When ever I'm in for some guilty pleasures of some delicious chicken fingers, I go here. I have to do some extra running but well worth it. ^^
Wow super fast drive thru and super friendly drive thru staff!!
Didn't give five stars because I wish my sandwich bun would have been warm er =))
for fast food i leave a happy person.
Sweet tea by FAR closest comes too authentic. The only reason I know is because I been too Atlanta, GA few times in my life. Same region never knew what sweet tea was till those visits. Not many places around town that know of even have it on the menu. It really perfect pair between the chicken fingers and refreshing not carbonated drink!

The chicken fingers are awesome. They use real chicken meat nothing process like most fast foods. The batter is light not super heavy dense and settles in stomach for days. Fried right not dark but nice golden brown and the chicken hot/moist every time. They do every order fresh! The dipping sauce that comes with the fingers really enjoy and goes well with the chicken.

The restaurant if go during lunch be warned gets packed really fast. Most part people going in and out. Not that long wait too sit down. Whole staff is friendly and always have manager goes around the restaurant checking on customers. They ask is everything is ok. U feel personnel touch. Nice change pace have management going around see them present and keeping customers Happy.
Arnold Palmers with southern-style sweet tea? Check! 
Dog treats given out in the drive-through when they see a furball in the car? Yes!
Amusing, if cheesy, welcomes to the restaurant?  Indeed!
Pleasant staff?  Yep! 
Tasty food at reasonable prices?  That too!

When I'm not feeling up to cooking, this is my go-to place for sure.
I tried Raising Cane's for the first time today. I ordered The Box...4 Chicken Fingers, Cole Slaw, Texas Toast, and sauce. I also tried their sweet tea....and I like their sweet tea. Just the right amount of sweet yet you could taste the tea. The fries had me skeptical at first but they were hot, fresh, and good. But it was the chicken fingers that wowed me. Crispy outside, juicy inside, and cooked to perfection. And when dipped into the sauce...I was like wow, I get why people come here so much! And the Texas Toast was the first I've ate the whole piece as i usually hate Texas Toast but this was good! 

Add in great service and you get a 4 star review that is really close to being bumped to a 5. I will go back and bring others with me when I do!
Actually, I give this 4.5, of course, round half up plus infinity rule makes that 5 stars.  The half star comes off due to the Texas toast being too healthy, as in not covered in a garlic butter cheese and oil topping in order to more effectively clog my so-called "arteries", are those really important? 

 Interesting fact: Raising Cane's is based out in Louisiana, and part of the capital raised to start the business came from salmon fishing in Alaska.  Pretty cool, huh? On to the food!

Chicken fingers are pretty much the bulk of the menu, and they are really REALLY good!  And the batter isn't as heavy as other chicken fingers, so they don't feel all greasy when you pick them up.  And the sauce they come with?  Some kind of tangy mayo based dip that made it different than eating fingers with the usual honey mustard, BBQ or ranch, although I think you can get honey mustard at certain locations.  

I split the Caniac combo with my wife, which allowed us to have 3 fingers each, I got both sauce cups(my wife tasted the sauce but I ate most of it) and the cole slaw, split the toast and the fries and shared a large drink. Liked that the cole slaw wasn't oniony. The fries were standard crinkle cut, but they taste pretty good with the sauce! 

Raising Cane's has inspired me to find the best chicken fingers in the metropolitan Chicago area.  Fortunately I live nowhere near this place, otherwise I would probably gorge on a Caniac by myself every day that ends in -y.
My first time trying Raising Cane's.  I got the box, and I liked the chicken fingers, the dipping sauce and the coleslaw.  I am not a big fan of Texas toast in general so I can't gauge how good it was. I am not a big fan of their fries.  Overall, I like it.
.., probably the best chicken strips I've had to this day. A new must stop whenever in Vegas thanks to Adam & Mia!

Combos come with fries, Texas toast & their delicious dipping sauce. Damn good sweet tea & friendly service. We'll be back!

Check it out!
Delicious chicken fingers.  Love going here for lunch.
Not sure what they put in the chicken but its addictive.
I LOVE RAISING CANES. Their chicken fingers surpasses any other chicken without a doubt. Their toast is to die for also. My absolute favorite place to eat. Their servers are very friendly also. They deliver the food to your table and clean up the tables very often. You can't go wrong with this place!
How does one screw up chicken fingers?  You're probably thinking dry, overcooked, not enough meat are acceptable answers?   Not to me.  Whether it's at a place that specializes in typically plump, tender and juicy fingers like Raising Cane's serves or whether I'm at the bowling alley eating a flat and dry piece of breaded cardboard, I usually end up satisfied.

All that being said, Raising Cane's makes a stellar example of these delicious fried treats that I have a hard time resisting.  I almost always end up with the Box Combo, which comes with a generous portion of fries, a piece of texas toast, 4 chicken fingers, and some negligible side of cole slaw.  Do people eat those?  I don't even bother asking others in my party anymore if they want it.   The texas toast usually is a good balance of toasted on the outside with with a soft middle.   The fries can be hit or miss and like a lot of restaurants can depend on if you stumble onto them fresh out the fryer.  The hotter the better.  The chicken can have the same issue, as I've had some moments where it felt like the chicken may have been sitting for a while, but this is by far not the norm.  They usually are hot and fresh as well.  I love the Cane's sauce they provide and like to mix it with the hot sauce to make my own miracle sauce.  I could bathe in this stuff.   Sure I'd have to take a shower afterwards and it'd get in some uncomfortable places.... on second thought, I would not bathe in it.  It's damn tasty though.

Service is typically fast and efficient, and the price is reasonable for the amount of calories, er food that you get with each order.  There should be one of these in every bowling alley.  3rd best idea I've had all day.
Sweet tea and toast is the bomb and this place is famous for chicken! A lil pricey though, but good food. I still like chik-fil-a better.
This place is so bomb. Their chicken is nice and tender... I never knew ice teas could be comparable but man this place is unmatched!! You can buy their ice tea in jugs too.. Something I frequently do!! 

Sometimes I come to Vegas just for canes. Seriously.
Its not often that a fast food restaurant deserves four stars but canes almost deserves five. Good chicken, fries, texas toast with sauce to die (would love to know their secret recipe) all washed down with fresh brewed sweet or unsweet tea for less than $6 per person. All quality ingrediants. Served with a smile in a comfortable and clean atmosphere.
I absolutely love this place. I just heard about it maybe a month or so ago and now I am always here! The sweet tea is incredible!! The fried chicken fingers are incredible! The Cane's sauce is incredible! I love this place. The chicken sandwhich is surprising better than you would think it would be. A little messy but delicious.
Was skeptical to try them as it looks as just another chicken chain popping up. Very simple menu, chicken fingers, fries, slaw, bread (buttered Texas toast). Not hard, shouldn't confuse the cooks. Was very satisfied with the plump tastiness of the chicken, not overly greasy as some places fingers become. A- in grade My only drawback to this place is I wish they would cook their fingers like an extra minute, I kinda like my chicken a little crispier and a tad more done, just for safety sake. On that note, I don't want to scare anyone off thinking they serve raw chicken, they do not, its the difference between a medium rare steak and a medium one, just personal preference. And i really wish they had a spicy strip. Their slaw is about a C, nothing special and you can get no slaw & extra fires in your meal. The bomb however which I rate a A+, their special dipping sauce which does cost a few cents if you want extra and their sweet tea & lemonade. Yum. Place has always been super clean with a nostalgic travel poster decor and the drive thru has always been lightning quick even with long lines wrapped around the building. 4 stars solid.
Fun fact:  Raising Cane's the name has nothing to do with sugar cane or pimp canes, it actually refers to the founder's yellow Labrador named "Raising Cane"

On with the review!

I work on Saturdays, but only a half day.  Every Saturday after I am finished with all of my work, I drive right next door to Raising Cane's and order the strips and a unsweetened ice tea with a little bit of sweet tea.  At this point, the food is too hot to eat.  I proceed to drive over to Albertson's to do my shopping for the week.  After I park, I roll down my windows, close my eyes and just enjoy the silence for about 30 seconds.

And then I eat my Raising Cane's.

This is my Saturday ritual.
The best place to get fried chicken. I love the Caniac combo. I always get extra Cane's sauce. The fries and chicken would be mediocre if it wasn't for the Cane's Sauce. It's a little overpriced, but trust me that it will fill you up and you will be happy.
I don't understand the hype. We spent our honeymoom in Vegas. In the summer. Loads of fun (and sweat. Ick). I'd managed to convince my new food-averse husby to try out this place. I'd heard stories. I'd even checked out Yelp. But why? What for? It's just not worth the price for barely flavored fried chicken strips and krinkle fries. I'm pretty sure I have the same exact types of chicken fingers and fries in my fridge. The sauce was the only thing with any flavor...and it had no kick. Very disappointing, but they do get a star for good customer service.
Before writing this I fully admit I love Popeye's Chicken (spicy) and if Church's Chicken has it on their menu they are my 2nd favorite fast food spicy chicken joint. I was convinced to give this place a try and was sorely disappointed in fact both of us were. 

First on the positive side the chicken fingers were nice and juicy all white meat chicken. The order taker was helpful in explaining the menu and options but that is were I have to start on the negatives.

No spicy chicken option. They give you a pack of hot sauce but its just a regular vinegar based sauce not my favorite and not particular spicy. 

Their signature sauce is OK but nothing special. In this humble Yelpers opinion it tastes like they mixed a few condiments together. Not bad but nothing special enough to build a franchise around. 

Its not a bad franchise but if you are craving spicy or even flavorful chicken you have better options available less than 2 miles away in either direction
The sauce is definitely the boss. My #1 rec for first timers is get the cane's box and make sure you sub out the coleslaw for another sauce. Other than that, very simple formula. Great chicken fingers and a delicious sauce. The sweet tea is the best out of all the fast food restaurants. Better than Chick-fil-a's.
I eat here quite often.  The food is always hot and fresh. The employees are friendly.  The drive thro is also fast and efficient. I'm never disappointed with the service, food, or wait time.
The staff here is the friendliest I've seen at any fast food place I've been to. That applies to both in house & in the drive thru. In fact the manager stops by during your meal to see if everything is ok or if you need anything else. If a booth is dirty the staff will not let you sit down until it is cleaned fully. 

The food is great & the menu is simple. Most UNLV games offer a free meal w/ a ticket here so if you're unsure about the food, try it for free. I'm sure after one taste you'll be hooked! 

If you're wanting a break from hamburgers & other fast food chains, check out Raising Cane's for something new & tasty!
The DEA should plan an undercover sting operation there, because whatever substance they use for the batter must certainly be illegal in the 50 states and territories. That is some potently addictive tasty chicken they serve there.
The inside is juicy and tender due most likely to a phenomenal brining method, but the fried batter is what stands out. Surprisingly still light and not overly greasy. 
The side sauce option is good, but in my personal opinion not what makes Cane's an outstanding fast food option.

As for the rest of the sides on the menu: Greasy carbs, fried carbs and fatty greens (Toasted Texas Toasts, french fries and coleslaw). I usually skip the sides in fear of turning to carbs myself. It is just too much of it. 
If you go for a side, the Toast are good but maybe too greasy when already eating fried chicken. Fries are actually not too bad, but Cane's will never win "Best Fries" award. Cole slaw is better than KFC (I know. Why make a comparison to something not worth it).

As for service, the staff is always very courteous, friendly and thorough (Even though in the past they forgot 1 of my chicken fingers on a drive-thru run).

Note to any federal agency conducting an investigation into the goodness of those fingers: I'll be happy to watch over the seized evidences. It'll be perfectly safe.
Writing a review of Fast Food?  Going to Yelp Hell, but I love the chicken and the magic sauce (the best way to describe it) here!  We usually order the Caniac combo with extra texas toast and no slaw.  The chicken is always tender and juicy.  The magic sauce is to die for.  It has a tangy and rich bold flavor.  Raising Cane's is the ONLY place I would pay the extra $$ for the extra sauce.  I don't believe one should pay for extra sauce, but at Cane's, I do and it is well worth it!!!  The Texas toast is crunchy on one side and soft and pillow like on the other.  The Sweet Tea is as good as they make it in the south.  5 Stars for Fast Food review, you betcha'!
Not sure why everyone is crazy about this place. chicken fingers tasted ordinary for me, sauce is forgettable, fries are soggy, and coleslaw is like the one in the supermarket. the only one i liked is the toasted bread. 
Though the store and location is great and neat.
Well who doesn't like Raising Canes? 

I love this location in particular. Very clean and staff is always friendly.

I usually get the three finger combo. 3 chicken strips, fries, toast, and a drink. I have to be honest...their chicken strips are not my favorite. But I do love the fries and toast. Oh! And the lemonade. It is absolutely delicious. So delicious in fact, that you are charged some extra cents for refills. But totally worth it! One of these days I am going to buy a gallon of that stuff. There is also a huge hype over their "special sauce." I think it's good, but nothing too special.
I was so impressed with Raising Cane's customer service today at the location on rainbow I had to create a yelp account. Very rarely if at all do you go into a restaurant(fast food or not) and get approached by management to make sure everything is great and bid a good day by staff that didn't even see you up until you left. Even if the food was bad, which it wasn't, it was great, I would still go back strictly based on the pleasant experience I had!
1.) crinkle cut fries!?!? come on, this reminds me of microwavable crinkle cut fries i used to eat back in the late 80's. makes the meal seem so cheap.

2.) the chicken is actually very good quality. definitely fresh. i dont like the batter and the turd like shapes.

3.) their texas toast is pretty good. could use a little more flavor though.

4.) slaw... its slaw...

5.) lemonade + unsweetened tea = arnold palmer. i love it, its the tits.

6.) cane sauce? its just fry sauce with Worcestershire sauce and pepper. it tastes so one dimensional.

7.) for the price of a 3 piece its expensive.

8.) the only reason why its good cus my MOMMY BOUGHT IT FOR ME!
I cant believe this place only does chicken fingers and they were no better than fingers I could pop into my oven at home from my grocers frozen food secton. If you only do one thing it should be amaze-balls, and it wasn't. Chicken was not juicy, the breading was soft/mushy, not crunchy at all. Save your money and hit up KFC, it'll be 10 times better and actually crispy!
Love, love, love Raising Cane, sure it's not for everybody but I personally love their fresh chicken fingers and sometimes simplicity just does it for me. If you like chicken fingers I don't see how you could be disppointed with them.
I had heard a lot about this place from other locals in town.  I was thinking to myself... how can chicken strips be THAT GOOD and what is this supposed CRACK SAUCE that is so good, you must order an extra sauce since they only give you just one?? The food did live up to the hype!! The menu is very small and limited, but that's ok.  You know what you are coming in for when you eat here.  The chicken strips were fresh and good quality white meat.  The "fried-ness" wasn't too greasy and made you feel sick from all the oil and grease.  The texas toast was fresh and crunchy, just the right amount of buttery goodness. Crinkle cut fries were on point! and this chicken sauce... HELL'S YEAH!!.. it tastes like a chipotle mayo ranch type sauce, definitely a ranch sauce with a small spicy kick! The customer service was very friendly as well and just a good fried chicken joint!! The take-out line was super busy too!! I will definitely be back to get my fried chicken fix next time!
Just came from raising canes and we're pretty satisfied. Reality is chicken strips are chicken strips. I mean it doesn't send me over the moon or anything but it gets the job done! Wondering why I have four stars? Well for one their dipping sauce is CRAZY GOOD and so is their service!!! I went during lunch rush and it was super busy, did this slow things down? Nope! Got my food within less than five minutes and found a table pretty quickly despite the crowd. Now some other people weren't so lucky BUT their employees were nice enough to help them get a seat. I mean a worker stood there for 5+ mins holding a customers food till they got a seat! Not to mention they would also greet every single person who entered or left. Pretty good service for fast food I'd say!
What can I say it's a fast food restaurant. The chicken fingers are good but the sauce is what makes it special. Service here is good and I had no problem at all! 3 star because its just okay.
mmmmm always good
I live down the street and my boyfriend and I love coming to raising canes. The service is great! Aside from a few times of our order coming out wrong, still really good.
I'm a regular here. Lately they've been inconsistent with their sauce and toast. Sometimes it's really salty. Other than that, the chicken are always fresh and moist.
As far as fast food goes, Raising Cane's is top notch. Like In-n-Out, Raising Cane's bolsters a simplistic menu based solely around chicken fingers. Side items include coleslaw, krinkle-cut french fries, and Texas toast. Coleslaw I have never been a fan of, so I typically replace mine with another Texas toast (at no extra charge!) which I absolutely adore. The french fries I am not a huge fan of due to their style. They remind me of the frozen Ore Ida fries I used to eat as a child. The lead singer of this band, the superstar, the show stopper, has to be their signature Cane's sauce. This stuff is the nectar of gods. I have seen some other reviews from this location describe the sauce as 'Crack Sauce', and that is an extremely apt assessment. Wash it all down with a deliciously sweet and satisfying sweet-tea or homemade lemonade and you are good to go my friend.
Hands down the 2nd best fast food meal I have every had (1st is In & Out Burger sorry!) This place blows chickfilet out of the water! The chicken was very fresh and tasty and the portion sizes were pretty huge as well! Store was very clean. Only complaint that it is very tight and cramped but they for sure packed them in at lunch time!
Of all the times I've been to Vegas, I've never tried this place until today, and boy, am I glad I did! I didn't think chicken fingers would be so special but these ones are delicious. It's fresh and hot, with meat so tender and perfectly fried batter. The batter was just right, not too thick and very crispy. Better than KFC, Popeyes and Chick Fil A nuggets, even though I still love the Chick Fil A spicy chicken sandwich. The Canes sauce, which some call the crack sauce, was also pretty good. Seems like a mixture of thousand island, ranch and some peppercorn sauce. I just wish they had more sauce options. I love the Chick Fil A sauce and honey mustard. I didn't try the Cole slaw because I'm not a fan of slaw, but I'm assuming there is nothing to write home about it, like the fries. Nothing special. However, the Texas toast was yummy. Soft, buttery, goodness with a nice crisp on one side. They also have fresh brewed sweet tea and lemonade, two of my fave drinks, separate or as an Arnold Palmer. I wish this chain would come to Orange County, CA!!!
Love Cane's!!  Love the chicken, the bread, and the Cane's sauce!  Service is always good, even in the drive-thru!
I have been to this location several times, both for eat-in, drive-thru, and for 'tailgate' pick-ups. I have not had bad service.

The best part is that they open at 9 AM, so you have chicken fingers for breakfast. 

Two people can definitely share the Caniac, which is $9 and comes w/ 6 pieces of chicken. I always trade out my coleslaw for another piece of Texas toast. 

For drinks, they make great sweet tea, but their lemonade is what I prefer. It is not unlimited refills for that though. Boooooo! Nonetheless, the chicken is delicious & this is a great option for lunch.
My kids love this place. It makes me feel better getting this for them than the golden arches. Im in denial, but a pretty good one.
I don't visit fast food restaurants often, but I like Raising Cane's! Their chicken fingers are juicy, all-white meat accompanied with a light, crunchy batter. The combos also come with crinkle cut fries, Texas toast, coleslaw, and a delicious dipping sauce (properly dubbed "crack sauce") - it's good with the chicken and the fries..and the toast. It's really good on everything!!

The fries are just normal probably-frozen crinkle cut fries, so they're whatever. The bread and slaw are both fine as well. Nothing special about these guys, but they are good with the chicken.

The other menu item everyone really enjoys is the Sweet Tea. For good reason since it's yummy and refreshing. It is a bit sweet for my taste, so I normally do half sweet and half unsweetened for a great balance.

When the Rebels win this season, you can get a FREE Rebels Combo (two chicken fingers, fries, and secret sauce) with your game ticket -- redeemed within 24 hours.
WHAT I HAD: A MEAL that included: 6 chicken fingers, cole slaw, fries, and sweet tea...

The chicken is (I THINK) cooked in peanut oil. The taste reminded me of Chic-Fil-A, which is great because there isn't a Chic-Fil-A in Las Vegas so this is as close as you can get. The overall taste was good but I could feel the greasiness of it sinking to the pit of my stomach. I am almost sure that if you ate a ton of these chicken fingers you'd get a sick feeling.

The fries were those classic crinkle cut "Ore Ida" fries you'd see in the grocery store's frozen food section. The fact that they were crispy and that they gave me so much of them was a plus. There were so many fries that it was the only thing on the plate that I couldn't finish.

The coleslaw was the only thing I was dissapointed in. It was rather dry and they give you a little cup of it. Cole slaw is cheap to make so I don't understand why they would give you a hug pile of fries enough to feed 3-4 people... but then give you this little itty bitty cup of coleslaw... plus there was no real tang to it. Some restaurants will add some type of pineapple juice to their coleslaw to give it a sweet tang whereas Raising Cane's is just bland.

The sweet tea: I cherish these guys for being one of about 3 or 4 restaurants in the Vegas valley that ACTUALLY has sweet tea.

I think it was about $8 or $9 for my meal, which seems pretty pricey, but the amount of fries they give you makes up for that I guess

The sauce they use is good, but to be honest I've had way better sauces with chicken fingers elsewhere and I'm more of a honey mustard type of guy. - If they could get the honey mustard that Outback Steakhouse uses on it's "Alice Springs Chicken" this place would be killer

The ambiance: This place is usually always PACKED from what I see. My daughter and I literally got the only table available. It has a modern "cool" factor because they have Spiderman 3 and other "modern" movie posters on the wall. I get what they're trying to do here. Their trying to appeal to the younger crowd by putting up posters of recent movies. This seems really pretentious to a 32 year old guy like me though.

Beware of douche bags coming in and out of this place! When we were there there was this loud and obnoxious group of 30-40 year old guys all dressed in cheap suits without the jacket... I kid you not, they all left at the same time and they were holding these "Free Hugs" posters they made themselves with a sharpie. Sunday weirdos.
Straight A's.......addicting, amazing, alleluia!
Always good.  One of my favorite quick eats locations when on this side of town. I've never been disappointed here.
I like Raising Canes but only go there when my friends drag me there or if it's free at school. Or when I just don't care about being healthy. 

The chicken is really good and crispy. Small, but 3 pieces plus the toast, fries, and slaw will make you full. I don't ever get the slaw, I just ask for more fries. And speaking of the fries...

Seriously, what's up with the fries? It's like those fries you can just microwave. Really nothing special at all and what amazes me is that I would rather eat McDonald's French fries (& I hate McDonald's). Maybe if there fries were better I would actually wanna come here more often. 

& the sauce to me isn't worth another 20 something cents. It's really good but please just give us that shit for free to make up for the tasteless fries. 

On the other hand, I do love me some Texas toast! Nice, buttery, crispy and high cholesterol toast. I could eat that all day. 

There's no hype for me about the sweet tea though. It's just sweet. A bit too sweet for my taste so I mix it with unsweetened. 

I don't come here often, but when I do, I make sure it's when idgaf about eating tons of oily goodness. Fix those fries first and start giving out free sauce, then we'll talk.
For pieces of chicken tenders, this place is pretty good. You have a choice of getting a number of chicken tenders with fries, toast, and a drink. 

Cane's chicken never fails to satisfy me. They're always hot right when it gets to your table. Crunchy on the outside, tasty on the inside. You can also ask for their special sauce and that goes well with everything! Fries are almost never soggy and the toast is amazing. You also can't forget about their sweet tea! 

The only reason I give this place 4 stars is because I feel like it'd be better if it was a $1 or 2 cheaper.
Eat here once a week. The food is great. The service is friendly. The drive thru is fast. All in all it is a A+
Cane's is a good place to get lunch with friends and hang out. I almost always order a Caniac  (6 pcs of chicken, toast, fries, slaw, and sauce) I replace the slaw with toast because the fries are plenty for me and I don't like their slaw. After eating the whole box of food, I'm pretty stuffed. It's a bit pricey for chicken fingers, but I think it's worth it.

This location is usually pretty packed around lunch time, so be warned. 
There's something about their caniac sauce and toast that makes me come back for more.
If El Pollo Locos chicken is good, this is way up the there!
Smooth to the throat, and tastier!
Must say, one if the best fast food chicken I've eaten!
If El Pollo Locos chicken is good, this is way up there!
Smooth to the throat, and tastier!
Must say, one if the best fast food chicken I've eaten!
Dare I compare to Chick-Fil-A?!?

Raising Cane's is similar in deliciousness to Chick-Fil-A but they have garlic bread! You can make a garlic bread sandwich! I always get the 3 piece combo, along with their special sauce, and coleslaw - I'm in heaven. LOVE LOVE LOVE Cane's!
Great chicken fingers and Bread. However charging for lemonade is nonsense and they need to get some ranch and BBQ sauce. Otherwise some of the best chicken fingers around.
I love there chicken sandwiches
"Welcome to Raising Canes where the chicken is kicking, the sauce is the boss, and the toast is the most!"

Kicking chicken? CHECK. Bossy sauce? CHECK. Most out of the toast? CHECK.

There's really nothing bad to say about this place unless you're anti-fast food OR hate waiting in drive thru lanes.

I LOVE that there's one located on the southwest side. It's very convenient for me =)

I will continue to come back here time after time.
Cane's sauce is addicting. Good service, quick and juicy chicken. Never had an order be wrong, cold or gross.
One of my favorite places to eat. The family loves this place. Any of tgere box combos are the way to go...Chicken, sweet tea is so so good!
Raising Cane's food is good. No doubt about that! But today they messed up my order. Instead of giving my three box combo. They gave me a caniac! Most of you would probably be like: what's the big deal? You got more! The thing is, I don't eat much. I don't even finish the fries! So the food will go to waste. Feel bad for the person who will be getting my three box combo instead of their caniac combo.
I'm not just going to Raise Cane, I'm gonna raise the roof when it comes to this chicken!! Ok, that was corny, but seriously, you can't go wrong with Raising Cane. It has been years since I'd visited here, but I was in the neighborhood, and thought, "why not?" I'm SO glad that I stopped in! 

The store was pretty busy with a lunchtime rush, but everyone was super friendly and attentive. One of the servers even came to my table halfway through my meal to make sure that everything was good and that I was enjoying my food. What fast food restaurant does that??! The prices are very reasonable as well. 

And now, the food... DELICIOUS. I just got the 3 piece box, which includes 3 chicken tenders, fries, and Texas toast. It was just amazing. The chicken tenders were HOT (I almost burned my mouth), juicy, flavorful, and the breading was just the right amount. The sauce was good for both the chicken and fries alike. The fries were just fine, regular crinkle fries, but the Texas Toast?! I think that I have reached bread nirvana! I swear, I could have eaten this bread all day. It was soft, buttery, melt in your mouth, and just perfect. I found out that I could have gotten a second piece of toast instead of fries, which is exactly what I will do next time!
So delicious, I wish we had one at home in Colorado Springs!!

Real food, fast, and inexpensive...what more can you ask for?

I can't stop singing.....I'm a Caniac, Caniac...I know LOL
Raising Canes has some of the best chicken strips around. If you enjoy fried chicken this is the place for you. The chicken is very good for a fast food establishment. They also have their own sauce that they offer that is pretty good too.

The strips are not very big, so I usually get the 25 piece to feed four people. You can get fries and the garlic toast on the side. I only get the chicken.

I would recommend that you give this place a go if you want some fried chicken.
Raising Cane's just raised the bar for chicken strips to heights I never fathomed reachable for this familiar finger food.

Chicken strips, chicken tenders- call them what you will. The name won't add any juice or flavor to these boneless pieces of white meat, coated in bread crumbs then deep-fried to mask their dry texture and dull nature.

Ironically, in the middle of the parched Nevada desert, I found the moistest chicken strips I've ever had. The chicken was coated in a crunchy cover of breading and broke apart lightly. It came with an orange-colored, slightly tangy secret sauce that might have been some house version of thousand island. 

The crinkle-cut fries were cooked medium to medium-well, slightly crispy on the outside; ordinary, but they fulfill their purpose as a filler. The Texas toast was a unique surprise, a thick slice of buttery brioche slightly toasted outside while fluffy as feathers on the inside. 

The menu at this small fast-food chain from Louisiana is simple: 3 pieces (The 3 Finger), 4 pieces (The Box), 6 pieces (The Caniac), or 3 pieces inside a Kaiser roll (The Sandwich). All come with the toast, fries, and a drink; the 4 and 6-piece combos also have the addition of coleslaw. 

I got the 3 Finger Combo which was a good-sized lunch. For 6 bucks and some change, I learned that chicken tenders can be tender, and that food can be fast and affordable and still fit the bill for great grub.
After a couple of long nights of partying at EDC there's nothing better than  some deep  fried  goodness to fill the belly. I have never heard of this place until my sister's boo started to rave about how awesome the chicken strip were when passed by one . So what the heck I'm going to give this place a try with my bf.  The only thing I can compare this place to is chik-fil-a.  The boyfriend got the box combo? I believe and i got the 3 finger combo. The toast is amazing and the sweet tea is to die for. Well, not to die for but still one of the best sweet tea I have tasted in a long while. The chicken strips are juicy and the fries are just regular crinkle cut fries. The cane sauce is okay. Reminds me of thousand island and French dressing put together. But the chicken strips tasted wonderful without any sauce.  The boyfriend says the coleslaw is whatever. Overall, the place is good for the price and the portion is good too.
These are the best chicken fingers I've ever had...and the dipping sauce? So delicious. I'm a big fan of the bread and fries too, although the coleslaw is a little on the sweet side for me. Oh! And the iced tea is perfect...I mix the sweetened with the unsweetened and it's the best.
I've been here a few times and the service is always fantastic. The employees are friendly and personable. It's always clean even when it's busy. It's one of my go-to places for sure.
All they have is chicken fingers, but...they are good.   Now I will say when I think good tasty fresh chicken, I think chic Fila.  This was not chic Fila, but...it was a close second.   Their sauce was good.  Their fries were good.  Their prices were great.   I just wish they had other sauce options!
The first attempt to try the all you can eat chicken wings did not go well. The restaurant smelled like nasty sewer! I asked the lady why does the place smell like this. She commented that they did some drainage and the sewer is unfortunately located in front of the restaurant... Literally in front of the entrance. At that time, I had to leave and did not try the wings because I could not stand the rancid aroma of the sewer! 

Today, I gave them a chance and figured that it would be okay since it has been weeks from my last attempt. All you can eat wings is about $13 and they serve you 10 wings first and you can order more at 5 at a time. 

One thing I hate about chicken wings if it's breaded and it sure was. It was greasy and I still ate it. I asked for my next 5 wings to be plain with no breading, had several hairs on the wings and it tasted unlikely. The hot sauce was watery and not like any others.

I managed to eat 1 1/2 more and left like a speeding bullet with just one thing on my mind.... Buffalo wild wings .48 cents Tuesdays! So now I'm at buffalo wild wings to satisfy my craving and with a lot of regrets from chicken bonz!
what a disappointment, i didn't want to risk the AYCE so i decided to go with a combo meal.  6 wings, fries and a drink for 7.95 plus extra for ranch.  As soon as they charged extra for ranch i should have known.  

The wings were big, but nothing special at all.  i had the parm garlic wings and it was just wings with parmesan cheese sprinkled on it. my friend had hot bbq and the sauce was nothing memorable.

i would recommend wingstop of buffalo wild wings for sure over this place.
After hitting up the chicken Bonz in Henderson and eating some great wings but dealing with slow service and a tiny dining area despite the reviews of the Decatur location we decided to try it. 

I could not disagree more with the previous reviews of this location. The chicken was hot and finger lickin good. You would get down to your last few wings in your basket and the young lady working the counter was already asking what flavor you wanted made next.  In back they must have a Super duper quick fryer or something because it was right after my wings were gone that i had a new basket hot and ready to be devoured sitting in front of me. 

The dining area is sprawling and never packed and  a lot more comfortable then its Henderson counterpart. If you are in the mood for Chicken wings the size of softballs and as many of them as you can handle this is the place to be. If you are what you eat I have decided I am a left chicken wing covered in Damn Hot sauce... 

Take the trip and try the wings, you wont regret it!!
I tried 3 different things on the menu to try their range.
First, the chili cheese fries were awesome.  They are the only thing that might redeem this place.
I tried their cheeseburger.  Eh, it's okay.  About as good as you can expect for a place that specializes in chicken.

Last, I tried their boneless chicken.  Chicken fingers that are overcooked, dry, and have thick breading that is tasteless.
I tried 3 sauces: sweet chili, ranch, and bleu cheese.  Seriously, the bleu cheese tastes like mayo (and nothing like bleu cheese), the ranch tastes like cole slaw (and nothing like ranch), and I couldn't stomach the sweet chili after smelling the rancid sauce.

I think I'll go back to get some chili cheese fries on my way to Farmer Bros or KFC.
SO after passing by this place several times, we decided to check it out. If you order the boneless chicken, a 10 piece should feed a family of three or even four if you order it with a large french fries. Theres really nothing special about this place. We had the garlic chili sauce with ours. They give you two little containers with every order of 10. The fries were really salty. Service was fast and sweet tea was really good. I dont think I would go there again. It didnt WOW me. =)
I stopped in here to pick up some lunch, the service was poor, I think the two employees were dating and fighting, keep your personal business at home!!!  ok i ordered a 5 piece to go and im almost positive that i was given the wrong thing, i ordered the spicy garlic one  and i got some pieces of chicken with what tasted like a asian sweet and sour sauce on the side. what the hell is that? i did not finish my meal and i will not be returning again. the only reason the got 2 stars instead of 1 is because the fries were delicious
Discovered this place a few weeks ago, I have only had their chicken fingers, but  they are awesome! The fingers battered kind of like "raising canes," but they offer hot sauces and ranch, and canes does not. I have been here 3 or 4 times, and the service was always great and fast. I would give this place 5 stars, but the ranch dressing is a little on the watery side, but still very good.
Right when you walk into the place, your hit with a strange smell... Like dirty mop.  I got used to it after awhile though.  Anyway, the place itself was cool. Clean and I really liked the decorations. Lots of cool stuff to look at.  Its also pretty roomy with plenty of places to sit.

We got the chicken wings with bone and chicken fingers combo meals.  The wings were big! I got the garlic parmesan wings (thinking it would be like wing stops).  It was actually just plain wings with parmesan cheese on top of it.  It wasn't anything special I'd say.  My boyfriend got the chicken fingers with bbq sauce.  I think that the fingers are comparable to cane's.  The bbq sauce was kinda weak in my opinion... very watery.  Other than that, the fingers were moist and cooked well.  I really liked the fries that came with the meal - but thats because I really like shoe string fries.

Overall, I think this place is medium - neither great or bad.  I would probably come back if I wanted wings real quick.
Best chicken wings I have had in a real long time. They were meaty and crisp but not loaded with excess fried batter. Bon has about nine flavors and I recommend all of them save for the lemon pepper. 

So if you're looking to pig out on chicken wings or if you just want to a couple you can not go wrong with Chicken Bonz
Allyoucaneat wings!! Ok, now that I have your attention. I wasn't kidding about AYCE. It's about 12 bucks per person. And the wings must've came from baby turkeys, because they're unbelievably huge!! So, if you ever felt like you weren't getting enough.. Try chicken bonz. 

It's kinda hidden in the industrial area of south Decatur. So keep an eye out for it.
I only give it four stars because some of the wings were dry inside. At least they have those shoestring fries. But they do charge extra for more ranch -__-

Overall I await the day to take all my big guy cousins who are madly in love with anything wings.
I have been to this place multiple times since my first review of it and I really do not understand what is going on for them to be getting so many bad reviews.. I always do the AYCE wings and start off with the spicy BBQ sauce which I think is awesome.

The servers are all right on top of refilling my wings as soon as I get down to my last leg.. The last time I was there with a friend of mine they recognized us and would bring out the next basket before we finished the one in front of us. 

In my own wingy opinion this place stops on Wingstops Tiny wings and Buffalo wild wings over priced for the atmosphere wings.
quick service great wings, great deals on food
Chicken wings are big!!! Flavors are good too. I love this place coz u can get unlimited sweet tea lol
This place Sucks overall

I went for the 10 wing deal, got home ate about
6 then tossed the rest. I hate feeling obligated to eat something 
I don't like,  considering the price I paid; this was one of those times.


Cons
- wings are jumbo size and not cooked thoroughly
- they charge for watered down ranch
- the sauce taste like shit
 
Pros
- service was ok

Too bad this place sucks because I like eating good wings especially if it's close to home.
I've had better wings but this place gets some props for the wings being cooked perfectly and not greasy.  I usually just make my own wings at home in the deep fryer but I've been wanting to try Chicken Bonz since they opened here in Vegas ( I am so over Buffalo Wild Wings and have been for a while) (Wing Stop is okay for a quick craving fix).
The service was excellent, helped us through the menu since it was our first time, and made sure we were doing alright while we were there.

We got a large fry which was bigger than the 2 of us needed, loved them, thin and crispy, good taste, not greasy. We got 25 wings to split which they allowed us to get with 4 different sauces (BBW eat your heart out). Parmesan garlic were okay a little dry and not alot of taste, hot was okay with good heat and okay taste, spicy bbq were pretty good, and the sweet chili garlic were both of our favorite...would definitely get those again. Prices are alright, the 1$ Bud draft is a kick ass deal.
We would go back again, especially to try out some more flavors.
12.00 bucks all you can eat wings is pretty cool. Service was alright. The taste the wings I would give a 4/10, their wings have a different taste idk what it is but I didnt like it. I prefer hooters, buy 20 get 20 wings at hooters on Tuesday's.
Bad!!! 

I was a loyal Chicken Bonz customer at the original location on Sunset, then they became Chicken Shack. I was excited to see this Chicken Bonz because it is much closer to my House than the original, but I was sadly disappointed, The chicken is plain and the ranch is terrible! I now drive to Chicken Shack in Henderson to get my fix. Way better food!
Fantastic sauces. Those who prefer Buffalo Wild have never had wings in New England. Meaty, tasty boned wings, huge boneless portions. Sauces are actually hot and well portioned.
3 of us were planning to go to burger bar inside mandalay bay.  but we missed the exit as there was construction and somehow ended up on the 215....and when we got off we saw Chicken Bonz....  So instead of fighting the traffic onto the strip we decided to try it out.

Price wasn't too bad...all you can eat wings for like $13.  I had the garlic parmesan which seemed a little bland.  Then I tried the Hot Wings...and it was kind of spicy....not too bad.  The ranch was a bit watery...

As the others mentioned these are the big wing versions.....so you get a lot of meat.  I personally prefer the small crispy kind...

For the price it isn't bad....but it just didnt do it for me....
This has got to be the worst chicken on earth!! First of all, they servin them  tuff  BIG steroid chicken wings!! The garlic Parmesan had no flavor at all!! The lemon pepper was okay, just couldn't get past how big and tuff these wings were!! It was like a turkey drum stick!!! The only thing that was really good were the shoe string French fries and salad bar...your best bet is to stick with wing stop!!!
We had dinner here a couple of weeks ago after driving by this location so many times and seeing the AYCE sign for chicken wings. 

I ordered the AYCE, while the wife ordered a combo plate. According to the menu, kids can eat free for each combo plate that is ordered by an adult (BOGO): should've paid more attention to the receipt since we were charged for the kid's meals. 

They have draft beer for $1 plus .08 tax. 

The chicken wings with bones are huge. I can normally polish off an 18 piece wing order from KFC. This ACYE meal gives you 12 wings that are really big and meaty. when you start digging down the basket, the wings to get a bit smaller and some are the size of the KFC ones, but when you can keep ordering them, who cares. I ordered the med. hot sauce for the wings to see how they rate their hotness....it wasn't really that hot, but then again I like hot and spicy food. 

The other rule about the ACYE wings is you are not allowed to share them with your table mates. 

Overall, we enjoyed the wings. They were juicy, and just a bit salty. Not sure if that is because they are brining their wings or its in their batter. 

There's a salad bar with some type of signage that indicated no salad refills: we watched someone refill her serving container 4 times and nothing was said by staff. 

We will come here again, but make sure you bring a good appetite, since I could not eat anymore and the price for a dozen wings is a dollar or two cheaper that the ACYE.
The lemon pepper fingers are delicious! I recommend asking for extra lemon pepper seasoning because its that good!
Brewed Tea: YES

OMG so much hate here! The only bad thing I honestly feel like I can bitch about is the extra charge for more sauce. Other than that, this place is fine!

I don't get all crazy with the sauces.. I just order the medium. The husband likes to order hot. I also prefer the boneless options here rather than the bone in wings.
Very good meaty chicken wings seasoned well and great size for ur money. Sweat potato tots are very good just need a dipping daises will be going back for sure
Went with the rommate for lunch on tuesday. Dumb lucked out way into AYCE strips, they have wings every day, but the strips are only on tuesday.

There was a table of 14 construction workers, the lady at the counter apologized and said they'd do their best to get our order out in a timely fashion. 

The AYCE starts off with 5 strips and the sauce of your choice, and then 3 strips and a sauce each time after that. The AYCE fries add on for $1 were good. The first batch was iffy, but the 2nd batch was much better, ask for some Xtra seasoned salt.

The Strips were decent sized, my only major complaint is that the sauces are served on the sides not tossed on the strips, but all in all it was good.

A great little place serving up some good chicken at a decent price, hard to beat. Plus they have $1 beers
I love some good chicken wings and they have not lost the chicken wing fight in my opinion this review update is definitely more about the Manager or Owner that was at this location the other night. We go to this location quite a bit and always order the all you can eat wings and add a single basket of all your can eat fries for the table and have never had an issue. This time while eating the Mangager/Owner walked by while we were eating and just stared at our table like we ha killed someone or something which I found odd until the awesome waitress came over and said hey sorry guys but he  saw that you all are sharing the basket of fries so he is not going to refill them for you if you want a refill. Here is what struck me wrong. 

1. If you are the owner or manager or just the big cheese on duty at the time... YOU HANDLE IT. don't send the poor waitress to tell YOUR customers that you have some crappy rule that nobody knows about and basically tell them that you are taking the extra money they paid for AYCE fries and keeping it because you want to be a D#$k

2. Post a sign that says you can not share the fries. 
I'm pretty sure we had been told by a different waitress that we could order one basket and share them amongst the table. But maybe that is why she doesn't work there anymore, the fry Nazi must of gotten ahold of her. 

3. Don't stand at the kitchen entrance when we are leaving with that dumb smirk on your face and say, " Have a great night" I am not a person that angers easily but I have to say that last shot while we are on the way out is ridiculous. 

This has been our go to chicken wing joint and this whole incident really bothered me. It is not because we wanted more fries it was just the principle of the thing.  He could have walked over and said hey guys I'm sorry but we don't allow sharing of the AYCE fries so if you want to kick in the other $2 I can continue to refill it for you. but that is obviously not how it went down.
First time great wings and a variety of flavors.I think when going to this place I expected too much. What you get here is simple. Wings, tenders and burgers. Gave an extra star due to the fact they had shoe string fires which always sways my reviews. The wings are larger than your average place like Wing Stop or Buffalo Wild Wings. I will be back to try the various flavors that most places don't have. Felt like the wings I made at home. That's why I gave such few stars. I like to go out and be wowed. Not this time but it is a place worth checking out. You never know you might enjoy it a lot more than I did.
First came in it was empty server/cashier she was nice and helpful she stuck around to see our reaction to the hottest wing "damn mistake" not as hot as I thought but it is a lingering HOT nice that they have an antidote though lol some of the flavors are a bit dry it is worth the all you can eat but for me I wouldn't need all you can eat next time cause it's a big size chicken overall something about the flavors won't bring me back for a crave but for a social.
If want fresh chicken wings and fingers this is the place to go.!!   They put raising canes to shame. By far the best chicken place in Vegas!
Love the garlic parm wings!!!!
I've been on the fence for a while about this place but m going to give it a mild endorsement.

The "bonzless" tenders are cooked to a perfect texture and coated in a crisp batter that stands up equally well on its own and with sauce.

As is my tendency, I go for the spiciest sauce - the Damn Mistake, which packs a real sting to the face. It's not vision quest hallucination sweaty spicy like Thai peppers but this is among the spiciest non-novelty wing sauce I've tasted. As noted elsewhere, the sauce is served in the side.

Their fries are surprisingly good - very thin, crisp shoestrings that retain a nice snap even once they're cool. They're salty and seasoned flavorfully.

$1 gets you your choice of a draft Bud or an orange creamsicle to put out the fire.

They do AYCE wings for $12.95 daiy, AYCE bonzless Tuesdays. I guess AYCE fries are a buck.

The salad bar is pretty sad looking. But let's get real. You're at a wing joint, the only veggies you have any business eating are dunked in blue cheese or ranch.

Much better than Raising Cane's, incidentally, if a little pricier.
I had the AYCE on a tuesday night with a bud light lime for ~15.

- Service was hardworking. It seemed like they had one cashier that was taking and waiting on orders and one cook. Service was very slow. I would wait 15min just to get in my refill order. At times, orders would get mixed up. Easy solution would be to hire another waiter. 
- Too hot. Not the chicken, it's pretty tolerable. The restaurant has one huge fan. A group of customers had to complain just to have them turn on the AC. 
- Chicken wings were pretty delicious. My favorite is lemon pepper and garlic parmesan. Although, that is always my favorite, regardless where I go. Lemon pepper is a bit too salty. Damn hot is a bit deceiving initially. It takes a few or so chickens to make it a mistake. haha. I didn't try damn mistake. 
- Boneless chicken is dry. Don't waste stomach space for it. Buffalo sauce is a dip. how lame. 
- Sweet tea is too sweet. Sweeter than Mcdonalds. It takes A LOT of ice to make it cold also. 
- I'd come back, but probably to their other location.
I came here for the all you can eat wings and to watch a NBA game. The whole experience was one of the worst I've had at any restaurant in life. First off the wait in the line must have been 20 minutes just to get our order in. I felt worst for others who came in later when the line was even longer and had to wait about 35 minutes before they put in their order and sat down. Secondly, the AC was broken and the room was sweltering like a sauna. Next, there were only two workers in the whole place to serve about 30 customers...one waitress/cashier and one cook. There was confusion and the service was extremely slow.

How the all you can eat works is you order a first batch of 10 wings for ~$13, then after that you can order 5 wings at a time for refills. This would be decent if the wait wasn't so long between each order and receiving them. In terms of the food, the wings are about average. None of the flavors blew me away and each seemed to have some flaw. For example, the lemon pepper was way too salty. 

This place is nothing spectacular. Avoid if possible.
I never thought I was able to eat 35 wings in one sitting but apparently I am!  Maybe I'll add that to my resume in the future.  

I am on board with everyone else's opinion.  It's a 3 star place!  No more, no less.  $14 or whatever it is for all you can eat wings is reasonable.  $1 drafts are nice as well. 

It's great they don't charge a ridiculous price for celery like Buffalo Wild Wings or Hooters who charge somewhere around $3 for ranch and celery.  81 cents here.  I am boring and don't care about the teriyaki, bbq or parmesan garlic wings.  I just want 'em hot.
Extremely random visit to Chicken Bonz yesterday afternoon and it was pretty tasty! We had the lemon pepper and garlic parmesan, super deelish. We were going to do the all you can eat, but weren't quite sure how we'd like them. The all you can eat is so worth it, $12.95 for all you can eat is a great deal! The wings were enormous and the blue cheese tasted like they made it fresh!! Huge chunks of blue cheese and creamy..Definitely will be heading back there for some more.
This is the greatest place great cook!  All u can eat...  Good staff!  Me and a group of friends come every Thursday!!!  Love this place!!!
Great food, great service. Obviously fried chicken isn't the healthiest food on earth, but once a month I get that craving for good fried chicken. Their chicken is great, doesn't seem too fatty, and their sides are excellent too. A+
So, I came to this place a few months back for the 1st time, and just like some of the bad reviews I saw I felt the service was a little slow and not very friendly.  There was only 1 person taking orders and serving the food to the customers eating there.  Wasn't impressed at all.

Yesterday, a co-worker wanted to try the place, and I had a coupon to use, so I decided to go again, warning my friend that it may take a while to get our grub.

I am glad I went back!  

This time the place was full of customers, everyone was smiling and the vibe felt way better.  The cute little girl taking orders was friendly and helpful with our order, there were two gentlemen helping throughout the main restaurant area that were friendly and talkative and helpful as we waited for our order.

Seems like the fixed the earlier issues and are now on the right pace.  Well Done!!  I now look forward to going back.
Meh ... I really have had better. I will say the service was good and when you order a combo plate, they will give you a "kids" portion if you need it for free. 
My husband and I ordered the boneless wings and I never thought I would say this, but I would rather go to BWW. The boneless wings at Chicken Bonz where too large (more of a strip than wing), the chicken was chewy and the breading/batter didn't stay on the wing. 
If I ever venture back, it will be for the bone-in wings and I do not eat bone-in wings. :-)
I just don't like the walk-in, order at the counter, then sit down and wait for your food to come out. It's just weird to me. The dude working was nice enough though and we were using our Groupon. We got salad bar, chicken tenders, buffalo chicken wings and lemon pepper wings. 
I LOVE lemon pepper wings and they do them right here! A nice LEMONY and PEPPERY dry rub on the wings! NOM!!!
Pretty solid place. Classier than I thought. Grilled chicken is good and so are the sauces. I'll be back.
We ventured in on V-day and there was maybe 4 other customers with us.  The girl behind the counter was very nice. We used a group-on deal and she was happy to have us there.  We ordered wings and beers with their salad bar. 

The salad bar is not something I would rave about and would get 2 stars.  Iceberg lettuce that is slightly wilted...you can see that it has been there for half the day in not cool enough coolers.  The toppings were good and the dressing was fine... Something you would get at a work dining hall. 

We sat down and drank our beers, the place looks fun and I love the décor. 
We got 12 wings that were Sweet chili garlic and Hot. Both were good wings but nothing to go wild about. I would come back for the wings because the price is good. The beer is cheap.
Wooooo chicken fingahs!

Pretty legit place for fingers and fries. There used to be a Chicken Bonz over on Sunset in Green Valley, but it has since become Chicken Shack, and Chicken Bonz was reborn right of the 215 on Decatur.

This place serves up reallllllly bomb chicken fingers, with a bunch of sauces that will satisfy even the pickiest of chicken connoisseurs. They also have regular bone in wings, and burgers (I don't know why I guess some people don't want chicken?).

Its a pretty interesting place, there are a couple of arcade machines set-up which definitely earns the place points because it takes a while to get the food sometimes. It seems to be a mom n pop kind of place so they do go the extra mile to make sure you are happy. Unlike Chicken Shack, there isn't a extra charge for a side of ranch which for me is a huge pet peeve. 

If your in this part of town and craving good chicken stop by! Its worth it.
The wings were quite good but I found the chicken tenders to be dry even with them tossed in the sauce. The salad bar is pretty basic but for $7.99 6 wing and salad bar combo,  I was FULL.

Unfortunately the Saturday night we came here they seemed understaffed. The cashier was not old enough to pour beer so we had to skip it. I'd ask if the cook could come out and do it but he was super busy. They must have had someone call in sick cause just having the two of them seemed ridiculous.

I wondered where the manager or owner of the shop was to let this restaurant die a slow death without anyone to pour beer! There were quite a few tables that were dirty and needed to be cleared. I don't know why patrons don't do it themselves but with that said, restaurant management should have someone do it so the rest of the patrons don't have to sit in a dirty dining room.

I can't say I'd rush back here based on my first experience but the food was decent.
Thought that this place was good. Walked in and was able to order right away and then make a salad. The salad bar is small, but stocked with fresh fares. I ordered the garlic parm chicken and was told that this is a rub that they put on the chicken after its done cooking. Got my food fast, and got to say I wasn't impressed with the flavors of this particular rub. I love it at BWW, but that is a wet sauce. I will try them again because they had a good variety and the prices were not bad.
This is a long overdue review for the place we call Bonz! I have made my way here about 5 times now and just keep wanting to come back. Every time I step foot in here I leave full and happy!

How can you go wrong with all you can eat chicken wings and frys. They typically keep them coming fast unless its a busy night. They seem to always be understaffed but never lack on the quality of there food and service with a smile. I have had the opportunity to have a different server every time I have gone and each one of them have been helpful, thoughtful, fast, and caring with a smile on there face ready to bring us more and more. 

They have a good variety of wings to choose from. So far I think the best is there Sweet Chilli and oriental, Those are my top 2 and you can never go wrong with the spicy BBQ and yes every time I go there my last basket is the Damn Mistake. No joke that's what the flavor is called and yes every time its a damn mistake that I order them because they can really kick your ..... anyway, 

The family style restaurant has a great theme and comfortable environment to have a beer and eat some wings.
Horrible service. Cashier was friendly but all I wanted was the salad bar with grilled chicken, the cook was mad we wanted grilled chicken and gave a loud UGH sound when we asked for it and then he yells from the back are you sure you want "grilled"? We said yes we don't eat fried and he says well then its going to take twice as long and we said that's fine, but then he just gave attitude and turned around. Definitely didn't stick around to see what he was going to do to our food!! Will NEVER return!!
Chicken wings are not cooked and still had some feathers on them.. Very gross, still recovering from food poison from this place.
I'm not sure if this venue is still known as "Chicken Bonz" as they had some weird long name on a banner out front.  I made an inquiry to the cashier about the All-You-Can-Eat and she said as a company they had to move it to Thursday only because they would run out of food and were in danger of going out of business!

That was a little disappointing to here, but  I settled with 12 wings.  They came out pretty fast, although the cashier is also the food runner so I can see if the place got any busier how much of a bottleneck that would create.

The wing quality was OK, it hit the spot since I was hungry, but I don't think they were as good as Buffalo Wild Wings and the price point is too similar to give up the B-Dubs experience.

I'll have to inquiry at the Warm Springs/Durango location to see if this is all-you-can-eat death is true!
Good price and Good Food
Changed owners and the name. Epic fail! Prices have almost doubled as has the wait time.
OMG! A new BBQ place in my hood!  hoot!  

Ok, so I was driving around running errands today, and wanted to do something different.  As I was driving down Southern, I saw that this place just opened this week!  I guess they have one other location in Tempe, and this is their new place.  

Anyways, aside from being family owned, its actually pretty good food.  I got the BBQ brisket sandwich on a bun and it was really really good.  I will probably return in the future for more. 

BUT, theres a few things that I noticed while I was here.  Please see below:

Ok, first the menu is mediocure. I mean, theres the usual to choose from...BBQ brisket, chicken and pork.  Prices are fair and they state that they have lunch specials every day including Saturday and Sunday.

But, the sides sucked! I ended up not getting anything on the side.   All they had was redskin potato salad and NO mased potatos.  Also, they had 2 kinds of beans and coleslaw...and that was it.  I was kinda dissapointed.  No mashed potatos?  No corn?  ugh!  none!  

Ok, and I admit, Im not Martha Stewart (I know you thought I was, but I'm clearing the air on this once and for all that I'm not) but the place looks like it was decorated by a pothead!  Full fledged pothead! Its like cheba hut meets BBQ in this joint!  (no pun intended!)  WTF gives?  I've never been to a BBQ place and seen a life sized Ozzy Ozborne poster hanging on the wall! Its beyond strange!  OMG!

I just couldn't get past the really odd decor! I mean, it was so weird that I actually deducted a star because it was so out of sorts.  Even though the food here was great, and I will be returning, it was oddly decorated.
I found out about this place today and decided to pop in for the lunch special (till 4pm): 1/3 lb pulled pork or chicken sandwich, choice of side (I had the BBQ beans) and a medium soda for FIVE BUCKS!!!. 
I upgraded my sandwich to 1/2 lb. for a dollar more. They also offer red-skin potato salad (far superior in taste) or slaw. 
For the price, you can't beat the portion! I left hungry from Stacy's after spending over $7.00, but after the lunch special at Andrew's, my gut was downright DISTENDED like an Ethiopian!

--------------------------
ADDITION Aug. 8th:
I had the pulled pork "loaded fries," and I took some of it home. Excellent crispy skin-on shoestring fries with pulled pork, sauce and shredded cheese on top. I added more sauce on top and suggest you do too! If you can finish this plate by yourself in one sitting, you might need help exiting, it's HUGE!! 
--------------------------

The sauces were absolutely scrumptious, and I helped myself to plenty. Regular and hot are available -- the hot isn't really hot, it just has a different kick. Arizona Gunslinger hot sauces, both red and green, are also available. I was impressed and glad to see that, as AG sauce is my preferred brand and has lots of flavor and isn't hot for the sake of hot. 
I got to try a rib as well -- fall off the bone, smokey flavor! Not an intense flavor, a bit stewy, but delicious. The sauce would definitely complement.
   The decor is late 60's and 70's classic rock, and same was the music via satellite radio, which I like, because I never hear deeper classic rock tracks. I'm sorry that Amy, the previous reviewer, is too young to appreciate the bands that festoon the walls and I'm sure people don't appreciate being labeled druggies for their taste in music...
I'll let her know when a Miley Cyrus BBQ place or Cafe Green Day opens. 

In a world of southern blues BBQ cliche places, this place kicks 'em in the pants. Layout is open, well-lit and airy with booths to sit in. 
I heard this place is better than Tom's, and I know for a fact that this place makes Honey Bear's look like kindergarten amateur hour.
Andrew's is even better than some of those contenders at the Arizona BBQ Festival a few weeks ago! 

Andrew's wins the "Best lunch for a fiver" award!

Clang that bell on your way out!
It's your boisterous THANK YOU and they appreciate it.
BBQ isn't meek and you shouldn't be either.
I do the double-clang!!
Brisket was tender, juicy and good. Slaw was bomb, unique flavor to it. Beans were spicy as hell and very good. I was not going to try this place until I saw the Ozzy poster on the wall, then I knew I had to give it a try. I am glad I did, this is the best BBQ joint in the ASU area.
Mmmm--me likey! 

 I found this on Yelp and was glad to find a BBQ place so close to my daughter's apartment I'm visiting.  I was the designated child care for my new step-granddaughter this afternoon so I said, "Hey, let's go out to lunch!"  We headed for Andrew's 2nd location on Southern near Dobson.  First impression--specious, clean, bright, cheerful. 

 The Kids Meal seemed a little high at $5 till I saw what she got--about ten little mini corn dogs (she only ate two, though she liked them, just eats like a bird), huge pile of excellent fries, and drink of choice (chocolate milk). The mini corn dogs were fixed really well, deep fried like little fritters, crunchy and crisp.  I got a BBQ pulled pork sandwich on a hamburger bun with one side (cole slaw) also for $5.  The pork was tender and non-greasy, had wonderful mild flavor, and the BBQ sauce, which you pump as much as you want out of a big jug, had great flavor.  There was a spicier version available if you preferred. Cole slaw was very good--I forgot to ask if it was homemade by them but it tasted like it could be.

The girl behind the counter was very cheerful and didn't rush me in choosing.  She said she usually works at the Guadalupe location but I'm glad she was here today.  

As we sat and ate a leisurely  lunch I looked around and started noticing all the rock and roll posters and even album covers that seemed to be from the 70's and 80's, maybe a couple of 60's.   That added kind of a unique touch to the place.

If I lived in this area, I would definitely be frequenting this place!
I recently underwent a BBQ metamorphosis. I hated it for as long as I can remember, mainly because I don't like to eat things that make my hands dirty. (As if you don't have your own hang-ups. Sheesh.) Then I discovered ribs.

I recently visited Andrews on my tour of local BBQ eateries. The food is ok but not outstanding, but I'm not impressed with the value.

A full rack of ribs is $20, which is only a dollar less than at Famous Dave's and comes with only one side and a stale white bread dinner roll. The flavor of the meat was good though it was too charred for my liking, as if they hadn't been selling enough to keep them from overcooking (no surprise). But if I'm going to pay Famous Dave's prices, I want a plate and no styrofoam.

The sides weren't memorable, but the building certainly was. It looks like an Arby's that two pre-teens repainted with a couple of cans of barn red, black, and teal paint. Someone obviously put no effort into trying to make this location clean, comfortable, or appealing, so I get why it was empty at 7pm on a Friday night. If Andrew wants to survive in this not-so-great location, he's going to have to up his game.
I went here today for lunch, with my 3 kids.  The kids meal prices were steep I thought at 5 bucks, but like the yelper below me stated, you get plenty of food, and I actually only bought two kids meals for my 3 kids, and they didn't even finish them, they were so full.  The kids thought it was great, I got the bbq slider and chicken strips for the kiddos.  I didn't go for bbq, I was going to, but then I noticed that they had a bacon wrapped deep fried dog with coleslaw on the menu.  I love coleslaw, and have never tried a dog made like that, so I had to give it a try.  The bread was nothing to hooo hawww about, but dog was fantastic, and the coleslaw is great!  What a good combo!  I will go back to order there family meal, which sounds like a great deal!  It would be better if they had more sides, but on the other hand, when a place only has a few things to choose from, those few things are usually great!  I also noticed on the menu were fried pickles, not my cup of tea, but I know they are popular in the midwest, and they also had deep fried cheese curds!  I thought the decor was great, very relaxing, yes it was a little bit "head shopish" but, it's not over bearing, and I thought it was unique.  I don't go to eat somewhere for the decor anyway, I go for the good food!
Like 99% of the BBQ in AZ, this place is "meh". I actually got the shits both times I ate here and was unimpressed both times. I actually went back after my first unpleasant experience hoping for a different outcome. Not so much.
I'm not really a fast food kind of girl and I consider Nando's to be fast food - they might try to convince you otherwise with their waitresses and restaurant style premises, but this is fast food through and through. A friend once described this place as KFC for WAGS and they pretty much hit the nail on the head. Sure, the chicken isn't fried but I have doubts over its original source and wouldn't be entirely surprised to find out it comes from the same supplier. That said, the food doesn't taste bad, in fact some of it is rather good and I quite like the spicy stuff they give you to sprinkle over chips. However, there are far more exciting and better value places to eat in Edinburgh, so I won't be making a habit of coming here.
Whilst I do agree that Nando's is little more than glorified fast food, to stick it in the same bracket as KFC is going a bit too far. At The Colonel's place, biting down on a pus-filled tumour is more or less par for the course, as is finding a cockroach or two in your chips, but standards are much higher at Nando's. 

Seeing them chuck a whole chicken on the barbeque is a buzz in itself, and when you get it delivered to your table, drenched in the hottest sauce they've got, the messy tables and rough-looking punters all become irrelevant.

The meats of fantastic quality, well cooked, and just a joy to behold really. For about 9 quid you'll get half a chicken plus a couple of sides, preferably garlic bread and peri-peri sprinkled fries, and you'll stroll out that door pretty satisfied.
Wow, I love Nando's. I have to be honest, it's only a recent discovery for me but I'm so glad I've finally experienced the goodness of Nando's. It's yummy, reasonably priced and best of all; messy. There's nothing more satisfying than eating chicken wings with your hands and getting right in there to enjoy it.

On my last visit here I got a chicken wrap with chili jam and mayonnaise, served with a side of corn on the cob and some spiced mushy peas - it was delicious and only came to a reasonable £8.90. Awesome.

The sauces in Nando's are phenomenal and I usually go for the hot peri peri as I love spicy food. I recently bought a bottle from ASDA and have been drowning everything in it ever since. Yum.

Unlike the other reviewers, I like the fact that Nando's has no table service. It's exactly the way it should be as it's such an informal dining experience. It means you don't have to rush your meal or have an annoying waitress ask if you're sure you don't want another side, a dessert or coffee, tea, macaroons. Argghhh, leave me alone to eat! I love the relaxed feel of Nando's.

If you have any left room over after your meal I highly recommend the chocolate cheese cake - it's to die for!
Taking a break from my usual love-affair with the 'off-the-beaten-track home-made fayre' kinda joint, it was Sunday movie night and you've just gotta have Nando's right?!

I think any review of Nando's is the same across the board, regardless of store. I've been to one where the portions of chicken were tiny, but apart from that, you're safe on getting what you know and love wherever you go.

And I love Nando's, I do. It's actually relatively healthy, it's filling, it's quick, and it's different. Oh and it's chicken. I love chicken.

I had the chicken burger (a first for me) which was delicious, then shared the chocolate cheesecake. Mmm nom. It just meant no M&Ms in the cinema afterwards.

This branch is fairly big. When I arrived there was a waiting list, so I had my name put down and was asked to come back in 20 minutes. THIS was my only bug-bearer; don't they have a waiting area? It's cold outside, it's 7pm on a Sunday night, and there's no where else to go for 20 minutes. Ummm. Right.

The staff were all friendly though, and it has a nice, family-focussed vibe.

Want chicken? Got chicken. Love chicken. Make mine medium.
Me Man.....me eat chicken!

Yes its a chain....yes they are all the same......but it does what it says on the tin! It delivers tasty chicken, with decent sides and its at a reasonable price!

Nandos is one of those very handy places to meet graba  bite to eat and move on. Thats exactly what we did last night.

The concept is a simple one, chose how spicy you want it, chose what bit of chicken you want, chose you sides..! I think the fact they give you options makes it to be honest. Whether you want a wrap, a burger, a pita or like me you just want chicken...on a plate its there for you.

They also have a surprisingly large ammount of options of veggies to their credit as well as the oblifatory salad options....!

For me it has to be medium spicy half chicken with chips & piripiri salad and colesalw.!

Simple...tasty...nom nom nom!

Happy JD
Om nom nom nom! Peri-Peri chicken with hot sauce! Feel the burn, LOVE the burn! 
Seriously though. Damn good chicken. Tender, juicy, and grilled to crispy awesomness. Getting hungry just thinking about it! I know why people are addicted to this place, cause it's really really tasty. Prices are good too! Huge plate of food and a drink for about 9 quid. 
Dining room is really cool as well. Kind of like if a regular sit down place and urban outfitters had a baby. 
Obrigado, Nando!
Very tasty. Yum yum. Go here every couple of months. More often I I could. They even do rewards. a stamp on card every time you enter. 6 stamps= 1 quarter free chicken. 9 stamps= half a free chicken. full card =    a whole chicken free.
The food at Nando's is so great and so healthy, I feel like I've visited a spa after I've stuffed my face there. This is the best Nando's in Edinburgh. I have been to all the others but the atmosphere at this Nando's is just so much better, comfy booths, not too noisy; just a really chill lay-out in general!

Here's how to order;

Half a chicken (anything less and you'll just be eyeing other people's food) with Mango and Lime (you can add the spicy sauces yourself if, like me, you like to be in complete control of the spice level).
Side of corn on the cob and remember to ASK FOR BUTTER. This is important.
Side of Macho Peas; very scrummy, with a great minty flavour. 
Sauces; Garlic Peri Peri and Wild Herb Peri Peri. These are the best sauces, remember to stock your table with them before your food arrives. I go for a 60/40 blend of the two. 
Bottomless soda.

Remember to pre-stock your table with napkins and salt also as you don't want to be getting up all the time. 

It's very important to go to Nando's with some really good pals as you will all see each other eating in a fairly disgusting and visceral manner. I probably wouldn't come here on a  date unless my date sat on a different table. 

Hope this is useful advice!
Our first night in Edinburgh and we decide to drop into the closest restaurant, which happens to feature Portuguese food.  Expecting something that would feature a lot of seafood, we were surprised to see that the major feature was chicken.  But we ordered a hummus starter, a bean side dish and a couscous salad with peri peri chicken and a couple of beers.  It was all very very tasty and just what we wanted for a light meal.  Imagine my surprise when I discovered that Nando's was a chain restaurant with 250 outlets in the UK.  This was without doubt the best fast food chain dining experience I have had.  

The routine is different.  Someone shows you to a table, presents a menu, but then explains that you have to go to the counter to order and pay and fetch your own cutlery.  So it's not the fine food dining experience, but I have to say that the quality and taste of the food was a big surprise.  For what it Is I give it four stars.
Good food at a very decent price. 

The Nando's chain across the Sheraton Grand hotel serves succulent chicken. Few reviewers mention that it's a step up from KFC. I can certainly see the comparison, but the food is actually healthier and the ambiance is more restaurant than fast food. Place is not for romantic dates, but it's clean, friendly and comfy.

I ordered Half a chicken with medium spice level (any spicier and you may need some tissue for your brow's sweat). Chicken came tender, juicy and hot.  My order also came with 2 sides for $8, which is a deal. I had corn on the cob with butter sauce (delicious) and macho peas (spicy but good). You could add additional sauces if you choose but my chicken was tasty the way it was. 

Also, be prepare to be messy with your chicken as you sink you teeth and smear your lips with the sauces. It's cheap eats. Definitely not your photo moments.
How can anyone not love Nandos? Food is seriously addictive, I think its the spices that keep you coming back! Ordering system is quick, & the whole atmosphere is very relaxed. Ok maybe not the best venue for a slap up special dinner but day to day this is great for so many things... the best being a hungover get together after a night out. Nothing cures a hangover like a Nandos! Staff in this one are friendly & look happy. Is in a good location & seems to have shorter waiting times than the one at Fountain park (maybe due to the cinema?).Try the mango & lime sauce mmmm.
Great, great food. Any chicken lover should pay a visit, and this will be the first of many. The peri peri sauce is a delight and the chicken.. oh the chicken. Every single bite gives the signal the start of multiple oesophagus' orgasms.
This is by far the best Nando's in town in terms of atmosphere and place. Try out the any chicken dish you wish for and add from a variety of sides and spicy sauces to have a healthy and at the same time delicious lunch.
Myself and a group of friends went to Nandos on Lothian Road a few nights ago for a friends birthday, and we were sat right next to the door , that swung open ever 2 seconds, blasting us with cold air Brrrrrrrrrrrr ...its was freezing outside and not much warmer inside either.
I cannot enjoy food feeling cold. The table was a massive round one - probably the biggest they had and I guess whilst it was good of them to accommodate a group of 10 of us, the table was so large you could not talk to the person opposite you. Hmmm.
This was my second time in Nando's and I remembered why I didnt think it was anything special the last time. We choose what we wanted and headed up to the counter to order, of which only two were serving, sometimes one and their was already a queue. My meal cost £12. 
I ordered the chicken wrap, with cheese and medium salsa and Piri Piri Fries. When i got my food i found i had very little chicken barely any salsa or cheese - so no 'kick' at all to my food, and mediocre fries sprinkles in the piri piri. 
They were keen to get us in and then back out, and the ladies toilets had no toliet roll...I can think of plenty of places id like to eat alot more for £12, and like alot of chain restaurants, it wasnt anything special.
The food remains great, yet the service quality in this particular restaurant has dropped, that's why the -1.
I don't see what the hype is about this place.  My lovely British boyfriend wanted to go to Nando's for a quick lunch before we did some sightseeing and told me I would love it.  I mean, I like chicken and all, but I was extremely underwhelmed by my experience there.  It's just a chicken wrap with a choice of a few sauces.  The hottest hot sauce is WEAAAAAKKKK.  Seriously, I want to cry while I'm eating my spicy chicken wraps.  Also, I got the mashed peas as a side and it was the strangest thing on the planet - I do not recommend trying them.  I mean, I would eat here again, but wouldn't rate it high on my list of places to go to!

As a footnote, I also do not see the hype about Chick-Fil-A and Church's Chicken in America (down in the South) and everyone raves about both spots.
Peri Peri chicken!

Ok - so I've eaten at Nando's probably 5 times in the course of a 3 week stint at Europe. But I was on a heavy protein diet and Nando's did the trick. 

I love the spices, sauces, everything. A bit on the expensive side but great quality chicken and friendly staff. I need to find them in the US - I would be a regular if possible!
Ooooh Chicken, Chicken CHICK CHICKEN!! With Piri-Piri.. mmmm.  Wings, breast whole frikkin chickens..  
This is awesome. I am a chicken fan. I go to the indy chicken places - but this place supplies corporate chain chicken yummy in my tummy.  

I cannot really fault them apart that they should have more sauces.. like a wings place I frequent very often. Apart from that  this is a brilliant Hot Piri Piri Portuguese restaurant that serves chicken to make me purr. 

They also have other stuff; like fries, corn cobs, salads and stuff - which are also very nicely prepared. But they ain't chicken! 

I like the jovial waiters and the fact they do check up on you if everything is OK and it feels genuine. I also like the bottomless soft drinks, the beers and most of the wine. Very nicey Portuguesy, yes, yes. 
Not too expensive and you choose your own portion size. Well done Nando's
hmmmmmmmmmmmmm Chicken livers......drool ......

Where to start......chicken livers.......drool......

Sorry ok this place is awesome I love love love it. Finally went in after walking by it almost everyday for the past year and tried the chicken livers that were recommended to me. If you hate or think livers sound gross well eat these and they will forever open your eyes. I have been to culinary school and worked in kitchens and it takes a lot to really impress me but these little babies are the best I have ever had and theres no way I could or even that idiot Gordon Ramsey could make better ones. The flavor and presentation of them is amazing. I like them with the medium flavor. I also love the chicken dishes they have which are also very good. The place is clean and has a little place to wash your dirty paws before you eat right in the middle of the restaurant. I really like that encourages cleanliness. The kitchen is open and you can see how clean it is. The staff are also friendly which is a plus.  This place will be my haunt when I am waiting for the bus and those livers ( I am starting to sound like Dr. Lecter) will be my little snack of choice when I need something simple and quick. I recommend this place to everyone especially if you like or only eat chicken!
The food was great.

The staff were lovely.

It's just the logistical concept that I'll never get the hang of. You're taken to a seat where you choose from the menu, then have to leave that seat in order to order, then they ask you questions at the till that you weren't expecting to have to answer, with options that weren't immediately apparent. There are contradictions: you tell them what you would like your chicken to taste of, then are directed to an area where there are yet more flavours, this time out of a variety of bottles. Do you take the bottle with you back to the table while you wait - that seems a long time for a bottle to be sitting on my table when someone else might like to use it, no? Fortunately there seem to be plenty of staff/helpers/carers on hand to help you get through it.

Nevertheless I've always like the 'Man eating chicken!' signs they have outside their various establishments. I'll go again, absolutely, but only with company that understands the process and can assure me that everything will be ok. Ok?
Om with a little extra nomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnom.

Nothing makes you feel more manly than eating meat apart from one thing. A WHOLE CHICKEN! There was no messing about here. A whole chicken, large portion of piri piri fries and two bottles of beer. I thought that would be a good enough starter.

Knuckle deep and my face covered from left to right in chickeny beautifulness, I made short work of what I thought would be a mountain of food but it turns out it served to be nothing more than an appetite catalyst.

Yes, it is a chain restaurant which means service and quality is pretty much across the board but when happiness comes with two wings, two breasts and two legs cooked in a beautifully warm spicy marinade, you don't really care about where you are.

Give me all the chicken and keep it coming.
This place just opened up about 2 months ago. It is located right near Retro Bakery and serves up an array of different food. Here you can get a Teriyaki Steak Bowl,Chicken Ceasar Salad Hoagie, Turkey South Western Egg Rolls, and A mini Lemon Bundt cake...yup, you see an array of stuff!!! It is a small place with a nice family running the place. There used to be a few tables in there but because they do not have a public bathroom the tables had to be removed so to -go orders are most likely it -unless you'd like to sit on a chair against the wall with no table.....
I liked the spicy corn salad, house salad, chicken sandwiches in which my pattie can be dipped in whatever sauce I like (Teriyaki) and their lemon bundt cake is good but the cake could very well come from a box... I did not care for the chicken ceasar Hoagie as the bread was too tough (hard to chew) and the Tomato Bisque soup tasted like straight up marinara sauce.The rice in the bowls need to be less mushy as well...
Even though items on the menu don't seem expensive it can build up fast as sandwiches don't come with a side or drink.
They are new so I'm sure all the little kinks will work it self out and just today the owner gave me a free bundt  cake for coming back...If you are in the area give them a try - they just added some new stuff like fried shrimp,pulled pork sandwiches and I'm told that if you ask you can get Chicken curry on Saturdays & Burgers are coming....
This place is a surprising bite of greatness . They have a diverse menu but so far everything has been great. The pulled pork sandwich is a must try for any BBQ lover.
Great local place I go at least two or three times a week. 
They have great wings and great side dish's My all time favorite is the combo terriaki bowl. 
If you like the one at jack in the box, you will love this one alot more
stopped in here today after picking up an order from the wonderful retro bakery. this place is right next door and my boyfriend and I were in the mood for a snack. we walk in to this cozy little place to one woman working. she was nice and helpful and after minutes on debating on what to get we decided on the 4 piece chicken tender with a side of sweet potato french fries. total was a little over 8 dollars. she said it would be about an 8 minute wait so we sat on some chairs up against the wall. now be forewarned there are no tables in this little eatery so make sure you know the food is to go. while waiting Dan and I were deciding where to eat this made to order little snack. We opted for a picnic in his car. (hey...we had to make it work!) After a few minutes of waiting and examining the menu some more for next time we got our little goodie bag. we took it to the car and opened the box of wings to a hot and spicy with a pinch of sweetness smell. we just looked at each other and couldn't wait to dig in. (oh btw we got the mom's special spicy sweet sauce.) we took some bites of the sweet potato fries. they were really good. the chicken was very fresh, juicy, and pure white on the inside. biting into these tenders was a little bite of heaven. ok maybe a little dieters sin, but so worth it. the sauce had so much flavor to it and it felt like these littler sinners were melting in my mouth. the little hint of spice lingered in my mouth for a few good moments. i wish we ordered more! Next time I go back I already decided to get an order of the jalapeno mac and cheese.
I am only deducting a star for not having table and chairs for people to eat. My boyfriend and I decided next time we come back up here we will order this food and have a picnic over at floyd lamb state park. If you don't live in the area that would be a good (and cutesy!) option rather than driving it half an hour back to henderson. You could also do like we did and just picnic in the car. just be prepared for messy, sticky fingers and have lots of napkins handy!
I love this Mom & Pop place - even better that it's just down the street.

I love the Shrimp BLT.  It's not made on regular bread but in a fluffy pita bread.  But it's yummy, all the same.  And they don't skimp on the bacon or the shrimp.

Their wings are always so crispy, even after sitting in the take-out box for a little bit.  I always get the Garlic & Parmesan and sometimes mix it up with Mom's Signature Sauce or Hot & Sweet Thai Chili.

I've tried several of the sides and I must say I like their Hawaiian Style Mac Salad - it's not as rich as some other places, but might not be what you're used to at a typical Hawaiian restaurant.

And the mini bundt cakes! I'm not usually a sweets person so I love that it comes in a miniature size and it hits the spot just perfectly.

This is a take-out place since there are no tables.  If you can, call ahead and place your order before hand, since everything is made to order and will take a few minutes.
I gave Mom's Good Eats my first try the other day when me and my girlfriend were next door picking up an order at Retro. It's a small hole in the wall joint with no seating but something was calling our name. Good thing we went in and checked it out because it was a good find. Though I must admit we were both very skeptical at first going into a place with no seating and being that we've never eaten there we had no clue what to expect.

 We ended up ordering Chicken Tenders smothered in moms Sweet & Spicy Sauce with Sweet potato fries. The lady behind the counter was very friendly and the Kitchen was in plain view so you know your food is made to order. We received our food and proceeded to my car for a "Picnic" lol. As soon as we opened the box my sinuses immediately clear up and I couldn't wait to dig in. Chicken Fingers are one of those foods that are hard to mess up but you can really tell when a place does it well. Crispy enough on the outside with hot & moist white meat on the inside. Mom's special sauce was awesome! not too sweet not too spicy : )

As for the sweet potato's; they were absolutely to die for! I still have some places to try in town before I can say they're the best I've had but they're up there for sure! They also had some interesting stuff on there menu that I would like to try next time they stop in like Jalapeno Mac & Cheese, Teriyaki Chicken Bowl, Etc. If I didn't live all the way across town this would be the perfect place for when you're on your way home and just want something tasty because you don't feel like cooking kind of nights ; ) I'm giving Mom's Good Eats 4 stars on strength of flavor and reasonable prices. Definitely worth a try!
alright, i am going to confess my love for mom's good eats AGAIN! i made a return visit yesterday while Dan T. and I were on that side of town. We just couldn't resist the sweet potato fries. We walked in knowing that was a done deal and also saw that by checking in on yelp we were rewarded with chili cheese fries as well. While deciding on what else we wanted we were lucky to meet Jim who I am assuming is the owner along with his wife. I introduced myself and chatted for a few minutes and told him how I had made review of the day and thanked him for such great tasting food. I am upping them one star because even though they lack seating they make up for it with the passion they put in their lovely, little eats. Maybe I shouldn't say little though because for pricing their portions are fairly large and very filling. The sauces have so much flavor and everything just taste so fresh and made to order. Just look at my pictures if you don't believe me. go...i dare you. don't worry...i'll wait. :)
Now while debating between jalapeno mac and cheese or fried ravioli's the boyfriend and I opted for the small jalapeno macaroni. After all I did say in my last review how when I went back that it was a must. Our total for 3 pieces came to only $6.46 after tax. (remember we checked in to score free chili cheese fries though. saving us $2.99.) We were told it would be a few minutes so we just took up some seats and chatted. I noticed how they both went and washed their hands right after doing business with us and our money before preparing our food. Cleanliness is always a huge plus in my books. After about 7 or 8 minutes our food was ready and in the plastic bag and to our surprise they gave us some free fried raviolis!
The sweet potato fries were just as I remembered and are still some of my favorite in the valley. The jalapeno mac and cheese was so creamy with just the right amount of spice and left a nice little kick in my mouth afterwards. i love the way mom's good eats spices and sauces linger in my mouth. keeps me wanting more! the fried raviolis were crispy on the outside and soft, melt in your mouth, on the inside. the marinara sauce has something addicting in it because i could have licked that little container clean! what is your secret?? the chili cheese fries were just how i like them...huge and sloppy. chili everywhere. cheese everywhere. i tried to go at them with my fingers, but i needed a fork. that container of them lasted me until today. which was good because i woke up craving them.
Only two times there and I am hooked on mom's good eats and can't wait to make the drive up to Durango again for their "good eats!"
Great service, great prices, great portions, and not to mention great food. a 5 star quick eats in my book.
way too much salt on the wings, otherwise they'd be good
We wandered in because we thought this new location at the Norterra Shopping Center was open to the public, there were lots of cars and people going in and out. It turned out to be Friends and Family Day and this Buffalo Wild Wings wasn't officially opening until a few days later. We turned to leave but they told us to come on in and make ourselves at home which was a pleasant surprise.
 
There was alot of hustle and bustle going on and confusion (some friends and family can be pretty demanding) and I think some of the new servers were nervous but everyone was in a good mood, happy and the service was above and beyond what is usual at some places and quite efficient.
 
There was lots on the menu to choose from besides wings and the kids menu was extensive. We ordered a Black and Bleu burger, a grilled chicken sandwich, cheeseburger slammers, a Boca Burger, and of course, the wings.  There were so many wing sauces to choose from.and we decided to try the Caribbean Jerk sauce. 

Everyone was satisfied with their food and we all tried each others (even me and I got the Boca Burger...I'm a can't-resist-the-temptation-of meat vegetarian). Often Boca burgers served at restaurants aren't very tasty even though they're all the same brand. I don't know what Buffalo Wild Wings does to theirs but it had a goof flavor and not that cardboard texture. The Black and Bleu burger had an interesting flavorful combination of bleu cheese and Cajun spices and the cheeseburger sliders were yummy. I've gotten in the habit at restaurants of testing out the burgers without all the condiments to see if the meat actually has a good taste. I've been so disappointed at several restaurants lately where the burgers are laden with extras but if you push those away and actually take a bite of the meat alone it's dull and flavorless. This is not the case at Buffalo Wild Wings, the beef is seasoned to perfection.
 
The chicken sandwich was juicy and had a good flavor. We really enjoyed the wings as well. I hate soggy wings and these were nice and crispy. The sauce was definitely tasty and not too sweet or spicy as some Jerk seasonings can be.

I was surprised that the french fries tasted just like McDonald's which is a good thing if you love them. I guess I was just expecting the fries to be different.
 
At the end of the meal we asked for the check and were told no check it was all on the house which was a pleasant and unexpected shock. We will definitely be back.
Incredibly friendly service here, and food was fairly good as well.  A lot of families were present, but thankfully you couldn't hear them because the soccer television audio was turned up incredibly loud.  Garlic 'shrooms were tasty and I love the thick cut homemade potato chips.

Only irritation is the inaccurate beer menu on the tables.  Apparently they have a bit more craft beer on tap than what the menu indicated, and I would rather have had some of the Red Nectar ale or Black Butte or Grand Canyon instead of the basic macro-imports and domestic-macro that were listed on the pre-printed menu.
Brand spankin new... 

The good: Service was excellent they had 26 servers on staff to help out just incase they were busy. Granted several of those servers will not be employed after a few weeks. You know who they are. 

Janine was nice helpful and didn't mind sharing stories while she had no one else to help. 

The just ok: The burgers are a nice hunk of meat but are corporately cooked to med well. Which means well by the time it gets to you. 

I had the Big jack which has the burger and pulled pork on it. The flavor was great but the burger was done. 

Over all the place is nice, set up with a bar on 1/2 and dining room on the other. I could see watching some football here.
I went with a buddy for lunch and WOW horrible.  We got seated and waited 15 minutes before even being asked for beverages.  Finally after getting our drinks our orders got taken.  I ordered the Buffalo Ranch Chicken sandwich.  I'm sorry but it tasted just like something I could have gotten at Chick Fil A for a third of the price.  I was totally not impressed.  

I have had wings before at another BWW and they were good so I know not everything is bad but I wouldn't order anything but wings from now on.  That is if I ever go back.  Native New Yorker has better wings so it's tough to want to go to a BWW in the future.
Really great place to eat and drink. we have been in 4-5 times since they have opened. 
Service was a little spotty the first time we were in but it has improved every time we go back.
Its hot. Its Saturday afternoon and my husband and I had a desire to eat wings and drink beer. We also have a 10-month old baby and wanted to get him out of the house. Thank god for B-Dubs (the original bar's name and where I worked in the 90's as a bartender in Michigan.) I need to find out why there was a name change. BW3 was such a midwest fave.

We were seated immediately and our server's name was Kristi. She even wrote her name on our bev naps for us. Maybe its cheesy, but I like to know my server's name. We ordered some mini-corn dogs, fried pickle slices and boneless wings, along with some draft beers. Everything came out in great time and our beers were cold and food hot. We love fried pickle slices (not spears) and they were delicious. Since my husband and I enjoy watching sports and having a few beers, this will be a popular place for us to frequent since it is so close. There were many families in the late afternoon, which was great for us, and I don't think this should bother the non-children people out there. The TVs are loud enough to drown out children's screams or whines (our kid didn't make a peep and just smiled at everyone around us ;). 
We will definitely be back. So happy to have a sports bar in our 'hood that has decent greasy food and cold beers on draft.
Love BWW.  Excellent wings... haven't had any service issues... 

Gets REALLY busy in the evenings.  I was surprised.

One thing that still irritates the crap outta me about B-Dubs is that they allow kids in the bar area.  To me, that's a big no-no.  I go to a bar to enjoy being WITHOUT screaming kids.  But this one isn't the only one that does it... I've experienced it at all of them.
When I heard that B double Dub was coming to the Norterra shopping center, I knew where I would be watching many football, basketball, etc and going forward.  We had been to the location at Scottsdale 101 and really liked it, but this one is just down the road= convenient!  I've been to this new location a few times now and sat in both the bar and dining areas and you really can't go wrong in either.  The staff has been great and put on any televised sporting event that i requested.  Had a great experience watching the US/Ghana World cup match in the bar as the staff was very friendly and into the match as were the patrons.  

Now onto the food.  I LOVE the Mango Habanero wings.  They are smoking hot and delicious.  I have tried other flavors as well like the asian and a few others and they are all good.  They have a full bar and many beers on tap.  

Now there is one item to note that is a bit of an oddity.  The men's room only has 1 urinal?  This is a bar folks and this has got to be one of the strangest things I have ever seen.  During TV breaks during the World Cup, there was a line for the men's room which is not a good thing after a few Stella's.  

Overall, this is a great place to watch a game/games and I am looking forward to College and NFL games this fall.
Good enough. The food is a little overpriced for what you actually get, but I like all the TV's. Energetic atmosphere is nice too.
The sauces are good but the wings are the size of a childs thumb. not worth the price.
I've been to Buffalo Wild Wings before, but my first visit at this location was during UFC 117.

If you come here to watch fighting events like UFC I would recommend arriving 2 hours before the main card starts if you want a seat inside. I arrived an hour before the PPV portion of the fight started and didn't get a seat until half an hour in and it was outside. I ordered 12 regular wings and I was very underwhelmed. I felt the wings were overpriced because they are smaller than average.

The main reason why I went here was that they weren't charging a cover or bill minimum for the fight. Also, the atmosphere for a UFC fight was really good compared to the other BWW I went to in Tucson.

If you want a place with a good atmosphere for a sporting event, you should come to BWW. But your food expectations should be lowered a lot.
Aghhh...BW in Norterra....this is exciting stuff!! I live right by here so no more driving all the way to scottsdale...cool servers..best boneless wings...this is the place to be with your buddies during a fight, sport game or just to sit down and shoot the shit.
BWW is the definition of overrated, I ate there last night with the wife for the second time and many times I had to walk away from this place since it is always so busy.  I agree that it looks like a great place to watch a game, except the seats aren't exactly comfortable.  Not to mention the wings aren't even that good, I mean I wouldn't wait to eat there and I can think of many other places with better wings.  I even tried (4) different flavors just to see what I would like best, some were pretty good but it did not leave much impression.  The ranch is OK, we make ranch at home that is MUCH better.  I did have a honey BBQ bacon chicken sandwich yesterday and that wasn't too bad but my wife thought Chili's could have made a better salad....she had some sort of a chicken tender salad.  The atmosphere is nice and the service was average, can't say enough about how average this place is so I am not sure what the big deal is about this place but if I would rather go to Hooters to have lousy food with a better view.
This is the best Buffalo Wild Wings I've ever been to!

We went on a Sunday afternoon for football, right before the Cardinals game. Now, anytime I've done this before at a different BDubs, I always end up regretting not getting there sooner because it's so full! But this place is like an undiscovered gem - there were actual open tables!

The service was par for Buffalo Wild Wings: nothing special but not disappointing.

The food was also par: great!

Go here for the football games before people discover it!
Love other locations, this one-NOT SO MUCH.

Took FOREVER for our server to ask us for a drink order. The table was dirty when we arrived, although more than 75% of the bar was empty at the time. 

Our drinks finally arrive via someone other than our original server(who was MIA for at least a good 5 mins or more), we were finished and waiting for our server to get back to ask for our tab! 
Horrible service, and truly disappointed about that since we absolutely love  Buffalo Wild Wings in general.
great wings, proud of their drinks though. no drink specials.
Gluten free awesome wings FTW!!!! Yeah, this was some serious awesome wings... HOWEVER... If you are there to have a family birthday dinner (or something similar where you want to talk to each other). This might not be the place for you. BUT if you are there to watch some sort of sporting event on tv and yell at the top of your lungs for a good solid hour or so, this is your place! I would go and bear the noise again just for the wings though. I'll just prepare myself and the crew I go with better next time. :)
In the interest of cheap wings, my boyfriend and I decided to visit the Buffalo Wild Wings on their $0.60 wing Thursdays. That was our first mistake. 

We got to the restaurant at about 3:00pm, and it was completely deserted. this wasn't a bad thing, but it was kind of eerie in such a large sports bar. We were hoping to take advantage of happy hour drink specials, but their happy hour does not start until 4:00pm. 

Consisting of 27 wings in 3 different flavors and an order of fries, it took about 15 minutes for our order to arrive. These were the nastiest wings I had ever seen; they appeared to be deep fried and then sparingly slathered with different types of sauce. The sauce-to-wing distribution was inconsistent ans stingy. Some of the sauce even appeared to be congealed because it was improperly heated. 

The fries were just as disappointing as the wings. They cost $3.69 and were smaller than the portion size available at In-n-Out Burger (not as delicious as INO might I add). 

The total for our 27 wings, one order of fries and two waters was around $30. Now I can think of many restaurants that I would have preferred over Buffalo Wild Wings that serve much better food similar pricing. This negative experience was exacerbated by the fact that we came here because it was cheap. 

TL;DR: Don't eat here if you have any sense of dignity.
My wife and I met there for lunch. We started with an order of fried pickles which were horrible. The batter was grainy like it consisted only of cornmeal. We each ordered fish tacos which arrived luke warm. Our waiter was running all over the place and seemed really behind...this would explain why our food arrived late. The fish was heavily battered and heavily deep fried.....like a big, greasy sponge. I know some of you are thinking "why did this guy go to a wings place and get fish tacos". Well folks, once I got a look at their wings I decided the fish tacos were probably a safer bet. I make delicious fish tacos at home and figured they couldn't screw them up. I thought wrong.

So $30 and a gut-ache later I find myself wondering why I thought this place would be any good at all. Do yourself a favor and avoid BWW at all costs. Where did I put that Maalox again?
As my husband so accurately put it while we shared a drink on the crappy patio, "I've seen better ambience in a Chuck E. Cheese."
My boyfriend, his brother, and I all went to Buffalo Wild Wings. It was Thursday and when the bill came we had questions. We flagged down the server and asked him and he apparently asked his manager to speak with us. I have no issue with that normally, but when a strident woman walks up and begins yelling at us it tends to annoy me. I tried to stay out of the conversation until she yelled at me. I know not to let my anger get in the way, so once everything worked out I asked the server for her name. The second she heard we had asked she came back over. She sounded pissed and told us there was no issue and it was a misunderstanding but that if our server was wrong she would have backed us up. 

All in all, the food was good, but the manager, Starr, was unpleasant, combative, and rude.
Shouldn't the food you name your restaurant after actually taste good? 

Why people go here for wings instead if Zipps or Half Moon is beyond me.

Only good thing about this place is that they have all the games on TV. Otherwise, food sucks.
My 1st time at any BWW. I wanted to try a sampling of their sauces.I ordered 24 wings. Honey BBQ, Asian garlic, parmesan, mango. They were OK. The sauces, to me, seem very salty. They do taste great though. The wings are small, so don't go there expecting to have HUGE chicken wings. I got my order to go, so I was only in there for about 10 minutes. It was dead (Monday night). Tons of TV's and loud music - proably great to watch a game there.
First impressions go a long way most of the time and my first impression of this place is bad.

I'll start with seating. When my friends arrived with our party of seven, we waited a good 40 minutes to get a table. After what seemed like an eternity, they offered us a booth. The only problem was that we had a couple stockier guys in the group and a booth would be less than comfortable.  After another 40 minutes we were finally seated.

After we were seated, I noticed the only good thing that this establishment has going for them. Wall to wall TV's. That was not enough to keep me happy. I opened up the menu and saw the prices. This place was way overpriced for the quality of food they had. In other words, crappy food at an unbelievably high price. 

Our waiter took our drink orders, which was efficiently done, but after that I would only see him two more times that night. He refilled our drinks once and brought our orders. After we were done and he took our stuff, we waited a half an hour for the check. Needless to say he did not get a great tip.

In summary, this restaurant is the exact opposite of what a good restaurant should be. Don't eat there!
The service here is HORRIBLE.  I know the menu better than most of the employees, they rarely come by the table to check on you, often times I feel ignored, and their food is moderately so-so.

All of the issues I have with this location stem from management.  they are not being accountable and overseeing their operation.  My guess is that they use their position to supplement their dating life.  I have no evidence to support that, but I've seen it a time or two before and this is exactly what it looks like.
This is a great place to get some wings and a buzz. My bar tender Kiersten was great!! I never waited for a drink and she was very friendly. this is most def one of my favorite spots.
The Spicy Garlic wings are the ONLY reason I gave this place 2 stars.

The service is terrible!!!  I have been here several times over the last couple of months and every time it is the same thing. i have to wait on the servers for 15-20 minutes to place my order and even then i have to flag them down.

The majority of people there don't even look happy to work there.  If you're not then don't!

The drinks are terrible too, stick with beer.
2nd time messing up our carry out order. Boneless wings have bones and no carrots or celery again!!  Hamburger with only tomato, cheese, and BBQ sauce had onions and lettuce, when we specifically said no lettuce or onion. Allergic to onions and don't like shredded lettuce. Thanks to Tiler for messing up our order again. Will not be back.
I have been to this place multiple times. I love the food ( when done right) and the atmosphere is awesome. However, my issue is that they don't put nearly enough sauce on the wings. Most times I get wings that end up being bare on one side. With such great sauces, and wings being the selling point  of this restaurant, I would imagine that they would be a little more generous with the sauce.  You have to ask for extra sauce to get a normal amount.  Service tends to be on the slower side also. I don't mind waiting a while usually, but just so others know.
Good, always busy.  Then again, I always go there on game nights.  Many TVs with various sports channels on at the same time.  Staff are not the most friendly, but they are fast and efficient.  Food is always hot, and the beer is always cold!
I used to frequent the Buffalo Wild Wings on Litchfield and Bell and never had a bad experience.  Whether it was fight night on a Saturday evening or a lazy Tuesday dinner, I never was worried about the overall experience at that location.

This location, on the other hand, could take some hints from there now defunct location to the west.  I have been to this location 4 times with each visit hoping the previous one was a fluke.  I always would get their flagship item as well, wings.  I like the spicy garlic which I find as the best balance between flavor and heat.  Each time the chicken was either overcooked, under sauced, or both.  Why can't they do their staple item right each and every time?  Major disappointment, times 4.

I won't elaborate on the other shortcomings of this location because they are too many.  The bullet points are that the service is very lackadaisical with anything.  You sit down waiting longer for the service to take your order than it takes to get it out to you.  On multiple occasions a buddy of mine who I went with each time felt compelled to recite Reservoir Dogs lines when it came to drink refills.  They were few and far between.  Finally, I don't sit at the bar because I like to speak with the company I am in, but that was virtually impossible.  This wasn't just on event nights either.  The volume of the speakers didn't vary anytime, not even in the middle of the week during lunch.

I want a good Buffalo Wild Wings in my area badly.  I have to travel to get to this location and would happily if they delivered on what I was used to.  I guess I am off to find another of the few that are actually still open until I see this location pick up its game.
Just had a nice tall frosty cocktail and awesome mini corn dogs and mozzarella sticks!!  Yummy!!
I love going for wings here best that I had from any where in town. There other food menu is a okay I didn't have a chance to try it all yet but I will one day so I'll be back. The TVs all over the place are great something different all the time when waiting for food or eating you are entertained.
Why is it that every time I go into this joint, it's like Amateur Hour at The Apollo? I am so over going into joints, and leaving feeling like I was taken in a weird slight of hand game. 

This place is so over-rated. How does one order off of the Happy Hour menu, and leave with a $70 bill. For 2.5? Me, GF, and 5 yr old. 

We went here for a great fun time with cool peeps, and were there 2 hours. Wing Tuesday is really not that good of a deal, and the Happy Hour beers are junk. 

Sorry for the rant, but, Buffalo Wild Wings, I am over you, and we need to end our tepid relationship.
This place has fantastic solid wings and a great selection of flavors. Ranging from mild honey BBQ to sweet with lingering heat mango habanero to the outrageously scorching blazing hot wings, this place has a flavor for everybody and their dog. Also, wings are 50 cents on Tuesdays which is a pretty awesome deal.

My go-to 3 wing flavors are Asian zing, Caribbean jerk, and mango habanero. All of them have a different kind of kick but it's all delicious. But if spicy isn't your thing, honey BBQ and parmesan garlic are other popular favorites.

This place also has a good variety of beer taps. From generic bud lights, light blue moons, and the bitter IPA's, they'll have something to complement your wings!

Good ambience. Often super crowded on a Tuesday night because of happy hour. But the trivia is fun and the walls are adorned with flatscreens on which to cheer for your favorite team if they're playing that night! Fantastic wings, good company, sports, good beer, all combine to create an experience that is greater than the sum of its parts. What's not to like?? =D
Tis used to be one of my favorite places to eat and have a beer. When my wife got pregnant she didn't want to eat here anymore. Since we had our baby 3 months ago I have eaten here about 5 times. All 5 times have been a disappointment. I guess I would go here for a beer but I don't know if I will be returning there for wings.
Food was great! Service was pretty good over all great time
To be honest my wife and i go specifically for the variety of wings and the atmosphere. Nothing better than Mango Habanero wings, cold beer and plenty of tv's to watch your favorite game!
Wings are good, Mango Habenero is a great combination of sweet and hot. The beer is always cold
Hate to review after only one visit, I will be going back again to give it a second chance.

This location, like many of their others, have many many TVs, busy atmosphere, and happy people. 

First off, I ordered a well whiskey and coke, which wasn't bad, but after that was finished I was asked if I wanted another. I agreed and when it arrived it was a glass nearly twice the size of the first. This would have been awesome had it been the same liquor/soda ratio, but this next drink was nearly all coke...

Ordered the grilled tenders with honey BBQ sauce and a side salad instead of fries. The salad and tenders came at the same time. Can't say that I'd order their side salad again. The chicken was served without the BBQ sauce and without utensils to eat the food with. My friend and I sat there for probably 10 minutes before we caught the waitress again to get silverware and the sauce for the chicken.

The server was very friendly but I paid for the food and service, in which both were unfortunately lacking.
My family and I arrived at 7:10P.M. on Thursday August 16, 2012.  We were seated outside which is always trouble at this location.  The table that we were seated at had some type of dressing covering the table.  It wasn't some tiny inconspicuous dressing, I could have dipped my wing in the dressing with enough to go back for seconds.  Finally our server came over to take our order and I pointed out the condiments on the table and he apologized and took care of it in a timely manner. He took our order at 7:15P.M. and it was a very easy order, 18 boneless wings, another order of boneless wings, and French fries.  An acceptable ticket time on thirty wings and a side of fries shouldn't be any longer than fifteen minutes, if that.  It took until 8:00P.M. until after the team captain overheard us starting to complain about the length of time we have been waiting for our food.  She went to check on our order and at that time I realized that the server forgot to place our order.  I use to be a server all through college so I can read what's really going on.  After the Captain walked away to check on our food the server came by to check on our drinks which is a sign from management to go see if he could do anything for us while they expedite our forgotten order.  After waiting over fifty minutes for wings my wife lost her appetite, her daughter had homework to do for school, and I had other business to attend to as well.  We finally had enough and just walked out frustrated, hungry, and unsatisfied.  This isn't the first time that this happened at this location.  About six months ago I had the exact same experience, maybe not as bad as this visit but it was terrible.  I said I would never return again to this location but the general manager called me and tried to make it right.  It worked for my other times I visited but this visit was the icing on the cake.  I'm done with this Buffalo Wild Wings I will never give my business to you again.
The one star was for the food which was pretty solid. 

I've been to this location multiple times and one thing is consistent: poor service. Actually, the service is awful. 

Side note; on one occasion we ordered wings and they charged us $0.65/ea for ranch/bleu cheese...who does that with wings?
BWW is one of my fave spots for happy hour! It's always busy and the service is not so bad.  They check up on you often even in the free seating area.  The wings are ordinary but what makes it special is their sauces.  My personal faves are the garlic, hot and asian zing.   Wing nights are Tuesday and Thursdays (50 cents per wing).  Have fun!!
BDUBs used to be one of my favorite places to go, especially on Tuesday nights with my boyfriend. But recently, service has been slow and prices have gone up. Even though the wings are now "bigger" I am not sure if it is worth the extra 20 cents they added without telling us. I'd rather go somewhere else.
I thought it was pricey for the product. Service was slow and the server blamed the the bar staff? Many better chioces that are locally grown.
Hostess is awkward and not friendly . 

We ordered jalapeños on our burgers and instead of coming to tell us they were out, she just put jabaneros on it, and didn't say anything . A mouth full of fire later I ask wtf and she says oh yeah we substitute ........ Thanks for asking me .  Additionally, neither burger had the bacon we ordered on it. 

Potato salad was good but served with plastic spoons? 

Garlic fries were soggy .

Food was acceptable: I would try again. Can't speak for the wings.
All right, I have added another star. I went back, almost a year after my first review, and I decided to get their Thursday wing thing. I forgot about football (when I was a kid it was on Friday nights... and I'm 22), and that comes in later. I have been to a few other locations and they were far better, a solid 3 stars, or a stolid 4 (meaning dull or apathetic. It's only funny because I'm two beers in). We go, sit down and ask for split checks. I ask for a beer, order the tablegating sampler, and 12 boneless wings all at the same time. Waitress plops my beer in front of my boyfriend and runs off. I have no issue buying him a beer, but he's driving and paranoid about BAC. I'd gotten a PBR because it it's ok from the tap and it has been from all other BWW I'd gone to. Not here though, and when you bring someone a beer in a can, bring them a damn glass, too! Normally I'd have asked for one, but at that point I could tell the night was going downhill fast and I did not want to be sober for it (I'm a calm drunk and a sober bitch) so I chugged it. She came back in 15 mins with the sampler and, once again, ran away. The cheese sauce tasted like nacho cheese fries, but not the good ones. It tasted like Hormel chili and Campbell's cheese soup, which was a real shame since the pretzels were good. There wasn't any mustard on the table so we ate them plain. The chips were fried there, but they used really thick tortillas so they were a bit chewy. The "artichoke" and spinach dip was green. The sauce was lime green, and there was no discernible bit of artichoke in it. The jalapeno poppers were made with sharp cheddar. Anyway, we finished that and it took another 15 mins to get there rest of our wings out. I ordered another beer and she asked to see my id, and I then pointed out that I ordered and drank the beer on the table at which point she said she thought that had been my boyfriend... Her knowledge of the beer was lacking, to the point where she had to come back and tell me (another 15 minutes later...) that they were out of it. We had to ask for a water refill (Desert. Water. Hmmm... why would I want water?) Anyway, we got the food, and by some miracle my beer showed up with the new wings not even 5 mins after I ordered it. We also discovered what had been added to the cheesy sauce: their Desert Heat spice blend. So we asked for the checks and she brought one. I figured it was time to get out of here before I started losing my buzz, and then everyone started cheering. It's a TV! Stop yelling! And because of the noise I had to try to yell that she had forgotten a pen. I'm not going back to that location.

And who charges $6.50 for a can of PBR??
I was teetering between 2 and 3 stars until I looked at the Yelp definition that reads "Meh. I've experienced better." I had the cheeseburger and wasn't too impressed. I also had the pretzel appetizer which was okay. Even though the service was good, I don't see my self running back to this place. $30 dollars before tip for two cheeseburgers, two sodas and a pretzel appetizer. The server just gave me the credit card receipt without the detail of items ordered and charged. The only saving grace was that this meal was charged to the company credit card.
Traditional wings are not the scrawny little things so many places have.
Great selection of sauces. Have not tried every flavor yet, but I will.
Other food items are great as well. 
Service was always friendly and fast.
I had been craving BWW since I moved from Vegas.  I know some people prefer a more traditional wing with wing sauce, but I have become addicted to their honey BBQ sauce great blend of taste with a slight kick.

With football playoffs going on I decided it was time to drive and seek one in town out.  This location is located in a nice outdoor mall and looks very nice.  Inside it was sleek looking and the bar was ready to serve.

I ordered 12 Boneless extra wet extra crispy with an order of wedges.  The wings came out incredibly wet probably the most sauce I've ever gotten on wings which I loved.  The bartender mistakenly gave me chips instead of wedges but luckily the chips were tasty.  

The service was overall friendly and both bartenders were on top of the bar patrons.  I will say the staff interact in a very fun and loud way at times which could put some people off but if you ever have seen a commercial for this place it matches the fun sports bar vibe.

They lose one star because I ordered cheese on my wedges/chips and historically this was always shredded melty wonderfulness, and instead I received nacho seemingly out of the jar salsa cheese.  Not what I was looking for and not necessarily a fan of.  Also as much as I love the wings the price in comparison to a lot of strictly wing joints is a bit steep for a wing.

All in all a great experience and I look forward to going back.
Almost didn't go because of the reviews about the service, but went anyway because it was close and was in the mood for wings. Food was very good (wings were cooked just right, extra crispy). The best part was the service, our waiter was on time with everything and best of all we had to sit outside (52 degrees) because it was a playoff game and showed up in the fourth quarter and we did not bring a coat for our five year old daughter, so the hostess went into the back and let her wear a BWW sweatshirt. We will go back for sure.
I sadly just found out Buffalo Wild Wings (named for the wings, not the city) last year.  It's sad because I think the best chicken wings in Happy Valley are being served out of this little dive bar in Happy Valley.  The actual Chicken Wing is standard, large and crispy but where they really stand out is their home made sauce.  Apparently the owner has been offered thousands of dollars for the secret recipe (this isn't your typical Frank's and butter) and I can see why.  

No ones wings in taste like these, the sauce is sour but sweet and spicy with flecks of either cheese or garlic, I can't put my finger on it.  They have great fresh cut fries that are strongly seasoned as well as fish fry, burgers, etc.

They only take cash and wait times for food can get into the hour + range because of their small kitchen, but it is so worth it.

Buffalo Wild Wings will rock your socks off
Very loud, but what sports themed restaurant isn't. I only wish is for a plate! Wings are always big and cooked perfect. My wife told me that she wanted, "wings and beer" for her valentine night out. She is my soul-mate!!!
We have visited several different BWW restaurants, but this one is by far is my favorite in the north valley.  The wait staff is very friendly and the lady going table to table (I think she called herself an "experience supervisor") was great fun.  She brought all of the sauces they offer and some french fries to our table so we could sample the different tastes.  It was a lot of fun and also gave you an idea of something new to try on your next visit which I appreciate because I've been curious about some of the flavors in the past, but didn't want to screw up my entire order of wings with the wrong sauce.
My family ordered pretzel and cheese appetizers and they were gone incredibly fast! My son had nachos and the chips were crisp and fresh - yes, nachos are a very basic thing, but how often have you been let down by a nasty corn chip?  Not here.  My daughter had a pulled pork sandwich with sweet bbq sauce on it and she really enjoyed it.  She said it was very tender and sweet.  I ordered traditional wings in medium sauce (very generic!) and they were crisp, meaty and well-sauced.  The other adult with us ordered boneless wings and said they were very meaty and cooked just right.  The table shared a basket of buffalo chips which are always delicious and there was no shortage of celery or carrots either.
BWW offered a great experience for the family as well as plenty of huge televisions to keep an eye on any game you may be following.  This location has terrific accessibility in the Norterra area and is close to plenty of shopping and movie theaters.
So great service. My pulled pork sandwich and fries were not hot but the front of the house manager and our server went above and beyond. They comped everything plus gave us 4 gift cards! Yay! I'll be back!
Wings are good.  Not the best ever but pretty good.  I like that they have dry rub seasonings as a choice for the wings.  Service is good. Always crowded.
Beer wings sports.... Can't beat it
Lots of TVs to watch your favorite teams.  The variety of wing sauces is sure to make any wing lover happy.
If you're lookin for some heat in your wings, go with the habanero mango. Wear some chapstick. They really are hot. They are also sticky and really sweet, which aids in determining whether that back tooth has a cavity or not. You'll know immediately.

We had no problems with our server in the bar area; which seems to be all waiters. The waitresses all seem to service the front dining area...that's probably to keep them from getting hit on by inebriated patrons every 2 seconds. Makes sense.

Beer prices aren't too bad, and they have a passable selection of crafts. They seem to lean towards Four Peaks for local stuff. I went with the Goose Island 312 since it was hot as blazes that day.

Wings are ridiculously priced. That's not just here, its everywhere! Note that when you order wings, that's what you get. So don't feel left out when they arrive sans carrots and celery. You'd think for the price of wings these days - companies could "toss you a bone" and throw in a few veggie sticks to help you finish off your bleu cheese or ranch.

Oh, I almost forgot - the TVs are all nicely calibrated for sports viewing. The saturation and contrast are cranked up nicely without being overbearing. Perfect for sports, but I wouldn't want to watch a Scorsese flick that way.. You can also play trivia and poker on some of the TVs.
Went up to this location (which is closest to our home 91st Ave & T-Bird) specifically because you can get a black bean burger made like any of their burgers.  Placed an order online.  When we got there, asked if we could take a table and eat there.  The staff was very accommodating, but after waiting about 15 minutes, our server informed us that they were out of black bean burgers.  To say I was disappointed is an understatement. However, the manager picked up the tab for our lunch.  That was doing as much as he possibly could in my book.  My chicken wrap was ok.  Husband's burger was great according to him.  Noisy!  But, it's a sports bar/restaurant.  All in all disappointing, but it is what it is and management stepped up.
We made a huge mistake by sitting at the bar tonight. We got a close up view of the drink preparation and food servers...we were completely turned off watching the drinks made/delivered. Multiple girls touched/fixed their hair, and then grabbed lemons with the same BARE hands that they just touched their hair & threw them straight into the customers drinks: GROSS! The guy behind the bar was eating and drinking while mixing drinks. I do not recommend the spicy garlic wings. Not only were they cold, but the flavor was unappealing. I told the servers I didn't like them but no offer was made to fix the issue. Very unhappy with our visit tonight.
I have been here twice and each time the food was excellent!.  60 cents wing Tuesdays are awesome but be prepared for a packed atmosphere.  Service could be better but they made up for it because they were able to put my game on one of the T.Vs otherwise I would have been very disappointed. I shall return for football season.
Been here several times and never a bad meal or service.  Highly recommended
I have to say, I really debated on how many stars to give this particular location, but have decided to settle on three. 

Let me start off by saying I love eating at Buffalo Wild Wings, especially this location, but the service I received a few months ago still has me fuming.

When my fiancé and I arrived, we were seated almost immediately. Considering it was a weekend, I was pleasantly surprised. We chose to sit on the patio. 

We sat down and were soon greeted by our server. He took our drink orders and when he returned, we were ready to order our food. After placing our order, we waited for about ten or fifteen minutes. Considering we live in Arizona, it is natural to drink a lot of fluids and in within that ten or fifteen minutes, my fiancé had finished his drink. When our food was ready, it was delivered to our table by one of the hostesses and my fiancé asked her for a refill. She politely said yes. While she was away getting his refill, I realized we didn't have any silverware, and so when she returned I asked if we could get some. She looked at the empty glass on the table, didn't take it, said "Oh yeah" and walked away. (Now I know all we ordered were boneless wings and celery, but due to a horrible experience at the dentist, I am unable to bite down on my front teeth; therefore, I require a fork.) After my fiancé had finished his eighth wing, and I had not had one, he left the table to get some silverware as the young girl we had asked had obviously forgot. Because he is a lot more understanding than I, he decided not to confront her and returned with some silverware and asked me to drop it. 

I was still fuming. We finished our meal and in the time we had received our food and finished, our server only walked by our table one time, not to refill our drinks, not to ask us how our food was, but instead to say "I can't believe they forgot the silverware!" In the words of my fiancé (who asked me to drop it) "Good cover." Obviously word gets around fast....and through the whole ordeal, I also needed a refill, which I never got. Please think, when was the last time you ate a a restaurant and DIDN'T get a refill...that's what I call sh*ty service. Anyways, my fiancé still gave a 15% tip. Clearly he is more understanding than I.

...and that's how no silverware, no refill and no "how is your meal" gets Buffalo Wild Wings at Happy Valley Road a not so great review.
Food sucks and staff is even worse. I can't believe that people pay to eat there. Their wings are usually dry (not enough sauce), glasses are dirty, silverware is dirty, servers are terrible and why can't they use plates instead of paper??? I don't like the atmosphere and I'm not going back.
We love coming here! Good food, good service and all the games are always in. Fried pickles, cheese curds, Asian zing wings and a blue moon... Life is good !
Service is always pretty good at this location. They offer happy hour on weekdays but only in the bar area and patio. While the prices have gone up a bit on the regular menu, happy hour still offers $3.00 appetizers.
I have been to this location a few time hoping the service would improve but after this last experience I dont think I will be returning. My waitress Rye was barely our waitress when i walked in to meet my boyfriend she didnt even greet me handed me a water and walked away. The place wasnt even busy and she would stand there not even asking how we are doing. I would have loved to spend more money there because I enjoy their menu but chose not to due to her lack of service. it was ridiculous and I dont understand why she wouldnt want a good tip? They really need to hire better waitresses if they want people to return, I will be finding a new place to drink beer and eat wings.
Rick sucks. Ive been to this location several times and honestly this is a standard Buffalo Wild Wings location. The food is great, the atmosphere is that of a sports bar, and it is comfortably sanitary. But Rick is awful. He briskly walked to our table of seven and arrived seeming out of breath. Then, he decided it was appropriate to bend over and lower his torso over our table to take our drink orders. He smelled great. He didnt start with a "Hi guys, how`s it going?" or a "What can I get for you all?" He just started asking us 1 by 1 what we wanted to drink. After we had our drinks, which we did in fact receive in a very timely manner, he repeated the same process of lowering himself onto the table to take our food order. We got our food pretty quickly and the food was great. Our only issue was the service.
GO ELSEWHERE!  Trust me.

We were a 7-top.  After putting our group name in and waiting, come to find our they "lost" our reservation while we stood at the podium with their pager in hand.  Unmanaged teens couldn't seem to handle seating.

Our waitress started off friendly, but her efforts soon became very lackadaisical.  Our food arrived 29 minutes after ordering and only one plate was warm, the rest were  room temp or colder.  Cold onion rings have little appeal. 

Good thing we ordered finger food because the whole time we had one set of silverware, even after mentioning this to the server.

No manager to be found.  One of us managed to get one drink refilled.

We mentioned our issues to our server, but her response was merely defensive and excuse-laden.  No apology or offer to correct at all.

Their boneless wings are awful.  Even our hungry teen wouldn't eat them.  

Should have gone to Smashburger instead.  There are plenty of choices for restaurants within steps of here.
3.5 stars

Have been to this location a couple times and have always been happy with the service. We never have to wait very long to get a table although the servers (who all seem really young, high schoolers?) take a while to take our orders. Maybe because its so busy usually? Food wise I really like their wings but its not the best I've ever had. I appreciate that they have so many sauces but there is only like 2 or 3 that I actually like (garlic, honey bbq, and their buffalo dry rub). Everything else is kind of intense, either too hot, too spicy, or too salty. Its just a matter of preference. Got their onion rings last time which were delicious! They usually have good drink specials during happy hour. Will totally be back to this location.
We love b-dubs!  

Been to this location many times, both in the dining room and at the bar. Always great food, great service.  More drink and food specials would be awesome...
Bar food and that's about it...on the positive note happy hour is good and so is the selection of beers.
They have since gotten rid if cheese curds due to it being a special, last couple of times we have been we have had HORRIBLE service forgotten food, cold, & not what we ordered. It's sad because we do love b dubs , it's just gone down hill
I came in just to get a gift cards. I waited in what seemed to be a takeout line. The girl was texting on her phone and not paying attention to me, who hadn't been helped. The people standing near the counter were waiting on their takeout orders. I heard one complain that she was 15 minutes over her quoted time. Not a good experience!
This is one of the few places I got to since it's open late. The past few times I've been here the wings have been overlooked and too salty
Usually have to wait 30 minutes for food. Hard to get a hold of service. Besides the wings, everything is subpar, but 4 star wings. Also, great beer selection and drinks.
Came here on a busy night. Took our waiter 20 minutes to actually acknowledge us. Then, took almost another 15 minutes just to get our drink. And the worst part was that it took nearly an entire hour for us to get our food and nobody who worked there checked up on us. Poor customer service? yes. I understand, that at times, it can be very busy, but to not check up on your customers is very rude. 

When we finally received our food, my burger was very soggy. The buns were wet. It is NOT the best, just ok food I guess. Eh, probably won't go back, not worth it!
I great place to go to watch sports games. It was packed, so my friend and I decided (instead of waiting for a table) to go to the bar. We Were instantly seated right in front of the flat screens and had a perfect view of the game! 
The only complaint I have, was that the server messed up our order and what sauces we wanted on our wings. We decided not to say anything cause we were starving and it took long enough to get our wings the first time. 
The thai style and original sauces are my favorite! Must try. 
And as always, boneless or it isnt happening.
So we came here once and the service was pretty slow and our waitress was rude, but it was really busy so we understood a bit. However here now as I type this, on a slow Monday afternoon, after sitting at our table for 20 minutes we had to flag someone down so we could place our order. And now a full hour after arriving we still haven't received our food. It shouldn't take this long to cook 1 burger and fry up 1 order of shrimp. If it was busy in here, somewhat understandable. Last time well be coming here.
Food is reasonable, but we go for the environment. Love that we can watch the Olympics while eating wings. Service was a bit too slow.  We opted for an early family Valentine's Day dinner (Thursday instead of Friday), but we ended up being out way too late with kids because of the slow service.
Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.

Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
The only reason I gave it two stars is because the wings are amazing. The serve is absolutely horrible. It took forever for them to even realize we were there. Then we order drinks, appetizers,  and dinner since we had plenty of time to think about it and he got the order completely wrong.
My dad wanted to stop in, being that he had never eaten at a BW2. The food was decent and reasonably priced. The service was great, but it is far too noisy for conversation if you aren't here to watch a game. Fun hangout for sports, friends, and simple appetizers, however. Worth a stop, if you are in the area.
One of my favorites!  Tuesdays are wing night (cheaper wings).
Good beer selection and TVs everyware.  
Nice selection of flavors: 
* Sweet BBQ
* Teriyaki
* Mild
* Parmesan Garlic sauce
* Medium
* Honey BBQ
* Spicy Garlic
* Asian Zing
* Caribbean Jerk
* Hot BBQ
* Hot
* Mango Habanero
* Wild
* Blazin'
* Ghost Pepper (new)
Ok so I recently had some beers and food @ the bdubs in the north valley. To start and be fair that type of restaurant isn't exactly my place so to speak, but that's not saying my experience wasn't all that bad. Some friends of mine had planned on getting together to watch a basketball game, I did not expect the amount of people that were to be flooding the whole place!

I only waited about 20-25 minutes for a table for 5, which considering the flood of people in the restaurant was a not too unreasonable wait time considering. I waited in the bar area and ordered a beer from their descent sized draft beer selection. Being a strongly committed craft beer drinker, I was happy to see a few select drafts that I like, all of them being from local breweries. 

Once my friends and I were seated, I naturally ordered a plate of different flavored wings, all really well tasting. The waitress was extremely helpful in making our experience there a good one, even turing up the volume on a closeby television, which we all I know in a crowded bar is asking alot.
Ok so I've been here a few times and on each time I'm just a meh on my experience. I think meh translates to 3 stars in Yelp.lol.

Seriously Bdubbs is a solid place to watch a game, but I just don't think I will anytime soon. Plenty of TVs, but just too loud inside for me to hear the game. We ended up sitting on the patio which was boring, but at least we had a tv and our server turned the volume all the way up. That was nice.  But I felt like I was in a patio in any average bar. To be honest I found myself wishing I was home watching the game. It be louder and better view of the tv. After we got our bill I really wished I was in my living room!!! We ordered 2 beers, 1 burger and 20 wings and it was right about $50! Food was average at best, beer was cold but I just thought it was too much for what it was. 

Not saying I won't be back here, but highly doubt I'll be here for a big game,or if I'm hungry. I'll come for beer and sports center next time.lol.
Nice place. Friendly staff. Just like any other Buffalo Wild Wings.
Nice service, clean restaurant,  parking can get tight especially at night, Tuesdays is wing night (60 cent per wing)!  One of my favorites!
Thank god our server was a really nice girl that could put up with 8 hungry disgruntled guys that just lost a softball tournament. 

The food sucked but we enjoyed the TV's and each other's company. 

I didn't care much for the boneless hot wings. They were really nasty. The chips and salsa I ordered tasted like they just opened a bag of tostitos and a can of salsa and threw it together. 

I don't think I'll ever go back to Buffalo Wild Wings. It's waaaaay over priced and the food sucks. Definitely a family restaurant trap! Only plus was the server and the TV's!
Food came out cold! 
Also the taste was off on the wing sauce and they wouldn't exchange it for another sauce so I wasted money. The management seems rude! I recommend not going here.
Typical Sports Bar times 10.... Bigger, Louder, and more TV's than I've seen in one place.  The food is good and spicier than you'd expect.  They sponsor a lot of great youth sports groups and offer some really good deals for being part of one of those groups.
When you walk in the door there are usually 2 or 3 young ladies there to greet you and direct you to a table. A great start but then the service starts to unravel.    

This is where we stop after golf to sit and rehash our game and complain about the many reasons we shot 92 instead of 72! The greens were bad, the sand traps too big etc. We need a little attention, a cold beer and a little sympathy. There appear to be a lot of staff running around or standing in groups of 2's and 3's but no one seems to be in a hurry to come over to your table. It is not uncommon to wait at least 5 minutes or longer before someone decides you may need to order. 

I do have to admit that once you do order, the food comes very quickly and I highly recommend that you try some of the various dry rubs, my favorite is the salt and vinegar wings.    

When the restaurant first opened, the manager was approaching customers asking   how they enjoyed the food. I said the food was great but having to sit there without getting any service was a problem. I was told that customers should have a server at their table within 45 seconds of getting seated. GOOD LUCK WITH THAT PLAN!

I think they should have little free standing flashing yellow strobe lights in the middle of the table and when you get seated it starts flashing and continues until a server comes over shuts it off and takes your order!  I might even bring my own and see if it works!!

Don't get me wrong, this is a good sports bar with very good wings, cold beer, and lots of TV's so if you don't mind being ignored for the first 5 minutes give it a try, or .....bring your own yellow flashing light (I bet it will work!)!
Wings are delicious and happy hour prices are great for food and drinks. Our favorite place to go.
Service was excellent!!!! Our waitress was attentive and kept our drinks filled at all times. She also made sure plenty of napkins were on the table (very important at a wing spot). Another person and a manager came by and allowed us to try sauces (7 of them). There was a big crowd for the World Cup game but food was still out in a timely manner. Great spot!
I love BWW!  We used to hit the one in Tulsa weekly.  We went to this location on 6/14/14 to watch the World Cup games.  We sat in the bar and the chairs were miserable.  They were made of wood and really hard.  The service was slow, although our server was nice.  The food was good, no complaints at our table.  In fact, we even ordered a dessert to share.  I ordered a mango lemonade.  It was terrible.  It tasted like a sweet juice.  I advised the server and sent it back and requested a water.  Once we were done eating, the server never came back to check if we needed refills, or wanted more to drink.  I felt like they wanted us out so the next person could come in.  Then when we got the bill, they charged me for that nasty mango lemonade.  I had the bill in my hand with my card so when the server came to pick it up I could request him to take it off.  Instead he was in a hurry and just grabbed it and ran.  I didn't get a change to say anything.  I normally give 20-25% tip, but we only gave him 15%.  I would recommend sitting in the dining area vs. the bar area.
I recently went to this location with a friend before we saw a movie and was extremely happy with my service. we sat in the bar area at a high top our waiter quickly greeted us and recommend their new drinks along with happy hour pricing. while he was getting our drinks a guest experience caption came over and introduced herself, she allowed us to taste the sauces which made picking what to order helpful. Food was served quick and tasty. my drink was never empty and server was extremely friendly. towards the end of the meal a manager came by the table asking about our experience and making sure everything was good. I will definitely be returning to this location especially to watch sports, plenty of tvs and very clean establishment.
Great service because of Ed but really Bdubs- how do you run out of Guinness?? Come on now!!!
Naked City opened up a few weeks ago and I've wanted to try it when a friend showed me their website.  I'm very glad I did.

First off, the place is tiny.  There are a few stools and a bar to eat at so you should consider take out if you're with a larger group or if it's during the rush.

I tried the Naked Royal which is a warm sandwich with Italian sausage, hot capicola, and fresh mozzarella cheese.  It was fantastic.  Great balance of flavor between the sausage and capicola.  It's served with your choice of homemade pickle, various pasta or potato salads, and homemade pickled vegetables.

These guys make everything fresh on site except the bread.  Sides, pickles, and even freshly roasted deli meats.  As such, the choice of sandwiches is small but that's good because they can focus on quality.

I highly recommend trying this place.  It's the sort of owner operated joint focusing on freshness that Vegas needs.
This place is setting the sandwich world as Vegas knows it, on fire. Every bite screams quality. As mentioned in another review, everything is made fresh. Though the bread is not, it is brought in fresh daily from recipes provided by these sandwich whiz kids, choices include kimmelweck, kaiser, and black russian swirl. At 1st glance this appears to be a smallish menu, which I guess it is. Brat, ham. beef, turkey and veggie sandwiches. Outstanding variety of toppings seem to override the minimalist selection of meats. There is a perfect meat to bun ratio. They don't try to impress with massive amounts of meat, they impress with flavor and quality. Each sandwich comes with a side of marinated veggies, which I am usually not a fan of, but these are a delight--you also get your choice of an additional side, and your choice of a honkin' dill or habanero pickle. The only side I have had thus far is the hot potato salad, which a killer taste sensation. Naked City Sandwich Shop is more of a take out place. There is a bar with a few stools facing a wall chocked full of classic Vegas photos, and a table or two outside near the parking lot. Hopefully this place takes off to a point where they can move a few storefronts down and offer more seating. Naked City Sandwich Shop could very well turn into a neighborhood institution and is welcome addition to a revitalizing Downtown Las Vegas.
Can somebody please tell me what all the hype going around this place is about? This tiny sandwich shop on Las Vegas Blvd. was recently opened by two chefs, one of whom is the chef at Diego restaurant in the MGM. My husband and I read a very positive review in the Weekly awhile back and decided to try it out. They were applauded for their house-cured and smoked meats, and the fact that everything ranging from pasta salad to pickles is made in house, except the bread. My husband is a big sandwich lover so was excited that there might be a unique new sandwich shop in town, and close to our house at that. The first time we ordered the Naked Chopped salad ($7.99) and the Naked Veggie sandwich ($8.99), which were both disappointing. The salad wasn't chopped at all but came with massive slices of so-so meat and a few boring vegetables. The Naked Veggie was served on semi-fresh pumpernickle bread that was so thick you hardly tasted anything but. The filling wasn't good either, with unseasoned veggies and a terrible eggplant "stuffing" (as if the sandwich needed more bread). We were disheartened to say the least but today decided to give it another try. They were still new when we first tried it so perhaps they needed some time to adjust. This time my husband got the Royal sandwich on a kaiser roll, that was still way too thick. The hot cappicola inside was good but basically it was an average sandwich that was too heavy on the bread. It came with a side of pasta salad that could have been great if it wasn't under-done and under-seasoned, a side of homemade giardinera (not bad), and a habanero pickle (spicy and tasty). I was  feeling under the weather so I ordered the tortilla soup ($3.99) which was hands down the worst tortilla soup I've ever had. It was completely one dimensional and tasted like tomato paste mixed with hot water. It is prepared with tons of avocado chunks (who likes that much hot avocado?) and the toppings consisted of cheddar cheese cubes, sour cream with chilies, and stale tortilla chips. You would think that a chef of a Mexican restaurant could make a decent tortilla soup but this was inedible. I had two bites and threw the rest away. I called to let the girl at the counter know how disappointed I was but all she could say was, "Did you add all the toppings?" "Yes, but it probably would have been better if I hadn't" I thought. Nothing could make that soup better. What we don't understand is why this sandwich place that is mediocre at best is getting all these rave reviews on Yelp! and other sites. If anyone has had a good experience there I'd love to hear it, along with a detailed explanation as to why. It seems to me that they need to stop spending so much time curing all their meats and start spending time making the food taste good.
Me and my sister went there yesterday for lunch.  Both of us had the tr-tip sandwich and it was excellent.  I'm thinking of going back right now!  I'll probably change to 5 stars after a few more visits.
My husband and I were at the outlets downtown and wanted some quick yummy food on the way home. We'd driven by Naked City more than a few times and decided to stop in. The place smelled awesome. I had the tri-tip on kimmelweck with garlic mayo and cheddar. I've eaten a lot of sandwiches (in some great sandwich shops) in my life and this one ranks right up there. The meat is incredible, but the kimmelweck is what really won me over. We will definitely be back soon.
I wouldn't go through the enormous hassle of going to this place when I have young children, but I do.  The drive from Summerlin (or anywhere else in the Valley) has been worth it every time.    I am recommending it tour our visiting CA guests, and I guess I must love this place if I am able to take the time to write a review while my toddler smashes tomatoes in my lap for fun.  I am not supposed to be eating food like this, but the Royal on weck tempts me every time.  I am aspiring to try out the soups instead of a sandwich, but just take the time to try this place out and you'll see why I keep going back.  In the last 10 years I have seen so many great places go in this town, and I hope that this place stays around for a long time to come...ever think of opening up a Summerlin location?
I tried Naked City Sandwich shop for the first time today after a trip to the Arts factory to trade sketch for a sketch with Alex Pardee and Dave Correia. Seems like locals are afraid to venture north of Sahara. Hear this, there is an amazing amount of gems downtown.  

Naked City is now one of them. Next to the legendary Dinos it is a fantastic place to grab a delicious sandwich. The service was excellent and the sandwich was excellent as well. I had the Naked Veggie and my son had the Naked Royal. We both loved our sandwiches.  I am on my soap box a lot about how  how all establishments need to have at least 1 vegetarian option on their menu and not just some throw together garbage but a quality vegetarian entree. The Naked Veggie delivered. It was delicious.  A little messy  but filled with flavor. I had the fingerling potatoes and my son had the salad for the sides with the meal. We both enjoyed our sides. The pickles are dill or habanero dill. I tried the habenero dill and it was quite tastey too. 

It is on the pricier side for a sandwich but it is worth the price you pay due to the quality and flavor. Major props to using the Naked City name too. Good to bring the name back to the area.
Its a good sandwich. Wish they could heat them up to melt the cheese. The meal with the sides is a lot of food. 

I wanted the fingerling potatoes but he gave me the potato salad instead which turned out pretty good. 

I would give it another try.
A good sandwich to hit the spot after going to court for a speeding ticket! I got the tri-tip and my wife got the turkey.  I liked the salads and the sides that came with it too.  She had a lot more meat in her sandwich and the turkey was definitely better than mine but both were decent.

It wasn't the most comfortable place to be eating but whatever.  This is a place for takeout orders.  I honestly couldn't imagine eating in their outdoor area unless you want a dash of desert dust and car exhaust on your food.

You also get the homeless, downtown crazies that sometimes decide to drop by and yell at the staff saying "Give me my fucking jack back!" while slamming the counter.  Whatever the hell that means.  Like I said...TAKE OUT!! Good times.
After reading about this place in a Yelp Talk Sandwich thread, I decided to meet a few friends here for lunch.  Before we arrived, I scoped out the menu to see what I would order.  The sandwiches here are not your traditional sandwiches.  There are many non-traditional options to choose from such as:

Bread - Kaiser, Kimmelweck, or Black Russian Swirl
Sides - Cold Mac n Cheese, Coleslaw, Cool Potato Salad

There are no fries or chips here friends.

After some debate, I decided to get 2 sandwiches......

The Fatboy 
(Twelve hour dry rubbed brisket on Kaiser with sliced habanero pickle, mozzarella and 'fatboy' spiced mustard sauce)

The Naked Sandwich - Tri-Tip on Kimmelweck bread, Yellow Mustard, Lettuce, Tomato.

Ok....The Fatboy was awesome.  Very tasty!  I also enjoyed the Naked Sandwich, but I thought the Kimmelweck bread was a bit too salty.

Sandwiches come with a side salad, Giardiniera vegetables, and a pickle.  I thought the salads were good and the Giardiniera was awesome!  The pickle was very good too, but I had too much food so I didn't eat the 2nd pickle.

Atmosphere - The place is a hole in the wall sandwich shop, so you're expectations should be very high.  Seating is limited to 3 stools inside on a counter and 2 tables outside that can accommodate 4 people each.  You're kind of screwed if you have a large group and they're busy.

Parking - There are 4 or 5 spots in front of the shop....parking is tough, so carpool if you can.

Will I return?  Absolutely!  I have my eye on a few other sandwiches already!
Now this is a sandwich! They roast all of their meats in house, they also make all of the sides and their own pickles, which are incredible. Everything on the menu is great, but my favorite is the tri-tip sandwich. The tri-tip is perfectly seasoned, roasted to perfection and is best piled high on a kimmelwick bun. The tomato bisque soup is liquid crack. They have all of the usual toppings as well as a great garlic mayo and a killer green chili mustard.  The food is fantastic as is the staff.
Note to self: next time I go to a place called a "sandwich shop," maybe I should order a sandwich?!

Actually, my "Naked Chop" aka a chopped salad with turkey, greens, carrot, tomato, onion, and avocado wan't bad... it didn't blow me away either.  And it took awhile to make!  

I was with Misti Y and we came here straight from the airport.  I must've worked up quite an appetite flying in from LA, because I was pretty hungry when we arrived... but I felt like a salad, so that's what I ordered.  It just wasn't the most filling salad around.  Hence, my "note to self" above...

I'd give this place another shot and I suggest you do if you're in the hood, but take my advice - order a sandwich, not a salad!
I was very excited to hear that one of my favorite sandwich shops was opening a Pizza joint.  So there was no way I was going to miss out on the first day they open.  I worked out for 2 hrs in the morning in anticipation of the calories I planned to consume...ha!

The restaurant is located inside Moondoggies video poker bar.  I was pleased to see that the menu was much larger than their sandwich shop....so I went big and ordered a Slice of Cheese, Slice of Pepperoni, Slice of the Pie of the Day (Royal, see menu pics for details), and an order of 3 Chicken Fingers.

The Pizza came out first.  I tried the Cheese Slice first.  It is a thick crust.  The menu calls it Buffalo, NY Style Pizza....I've  never had this style before.  The pizza is loaded with Cheese....the crust is soft and doughy, not how I usually prefer my Pizza but it was good.  There is a good proportion of sauce.

The second slice I had was the Pepperoni.  It has the small slices of Pepperoni and the best part is that the Pepperoni is slightly burnt...+1 in my book.  Again, good proportion of sauce and cheese.  Nice zing to the Pepperoni too.

The third slice was the Royal, which was the best of the 3....no wonder it was the Pie of the Day!  Cappicola Ham, Italian Sausage, Mozzarella, and Ricotta goodness all in one Pizza Pie!!!!  The meats are very tasty and fresh....this combo went well together.  I am glad I splurged and went for it.

The last thing to come out was the Chicken Fingers....they were good, not great. The sauce was Mild and the appropriate spice level.  The fingers were not the crispy style, but the soaked chewy style.  It was ok.

Moondoggies is an older bar, so don't expect a great atmosphere....it's a video poker bar and it is not in the suburbs....and hasn't been Gentrified....yet. ;-)

Will I return?  You bet your Naked Heiney I will!!! I want to try some of the other Pies and definitely the other Subs that they don't have at their Sandwich Shop.
I've never been to Buffalo, never ridden a buffalo, never had a Buffalo style pizza, but I can sure say I can make this place my home on the range. Located inside the dive bar that is Moon Doggies. So, right off the bat, if you are looking for a cute frou frou type place, it ain't happening here. This is about the pizza. So, "The Fatboy" was ordered--half sheet. Thanks to Pete's speedy review and pics, I was able to call in the order, giddy up. As is the protocol, if you want to eat inside Moon Doggies, you pick up your "to go" order, and pull up a table to enjoy your pie, that skirts the smoking law, yes smoking takes place here. You have 2 options, deal with it, or really take it to go. As soon as we cracked open the square box, the aroma of tomatoes and fresh basil completely infiltrated our mind, body and soul. OMFG, the pizza was astonishing. It seems to me NY pizza is kind of favored here in Vegas. This is not the same thing at all. The crust is thicker, a little soft with slightly crispy edges. It is all loaded with plenty of groceries, and I mean quality items too. WOW! Perfect ratio of crust, to sauce, to toppings. Check this out, we did not ask for, nor did we need any extra parmesan or red pepper flakes. The sauce is zesty, with a welcome kick. Daily doses of "The Fatboy" could keep me from being slim. The pizza itself is 5 star!
Who could have ever thought that Moon Doggies would be a culinary haven? But as improbable as the Naked City Sandwich Shop comes Naked City Pizza, and Chris Palmeri and P. J. Schaeffer are at it again. Palmeri is from Buffalo, and although we have never heard "Buffalo style" pizza as a culinary reference before, it is an interesting take - rectangular in sheet pans, a little thinner than a sicilian, but a crust with a nice combination of crunch and chewiness.

The key here, like the sandwich shop on Las Vegas Boulevard, is the quality control and the use of top-notch ingredients. The first pie sampled was a good example - pepperoni that brought some real flavor, not just a fatty filler, and was cooked to the point at which the edges were a bit crispy, which added texture as well. First-rate roasted red peppers created a nice balance, along with plenty of good cheese. Generous portions also mean excellent bang for the buck.

There is a pretty full menu available, with Garlic Rubbed Turkey, Honey Glazed Pit Ham, and Roasted Tri Tip Beef cooked fresh on site for the sandwiches, along with salads, pastas and cannoli made in-house. Even the Angus Steak Chili that has been on the specials board at the sandwich shop. But not sure how good the "dining in" experience will be (the first visits have been for carry out). Moon Doggies is what it is, which means that since smoking is allowed, there is not going to be table service (technically it is not a "restaurant"), and the atmosphere is not necessarily appetizing. You will have to ring the buzzer outside to get in, but once you have picked up your order, you are welcome to eat right there. But there is pretty easy access just off of Desert Inn, and they will be doing deliveries (a $2.50 surcharge). This is a very welcome addition to the Las Vegas scene, especially since the sandwich shop location is not the most convenient place to get in and out of.
Yes - I'm giving this sandwich shop five stars.  The sandwiches are tasty, the sides are amazing, and the pickles (garlic or habanero) are out of this world. 

The location is not what you would expect, but a trek into the Naked City to get a meal here is well worth the trip.
The Best. I order frequently and the quality and service is consistently excellent
This place has a great vegetarian sandwich. Its not the standard subway cold sub or the regular 'roasted vegetable/portobello' sandwich. 

I like to get it on the kimmelweck roll (coarse salt and seeds on top) with muenster cheese. The veggie filling is a mash glob of seasoned veggies. I kind of like how the veggies are sloppy style. Very flavorful!

The tomato bisque, cold dill fingerling potatoes (when they make it with sour cream, NOT mayo), giardinaire (pickled veggies done well!) and the habanero giganto pickle are all so very good!

Looks like they opened a pizza shop as well that I have yet to try... wondering if its just as unique and good?

On a side note, just a few bar stools in the tiny front room and 2 outdoor tables... I usually do take-out.
Since my initial time here, which was great, I have gone  to Naked City 2 times since then.  The last 2 times have just been a solid OK. The food is still  slightly above average but no longer amazing and I tried the Tomato Basil soup the last time and it was slightly below average  to me.  You brought my expectations up and then right back down Naked City.

The service  has been very good all 3 times I have visited but I felt the need to update my review as to not steer fellow Yelpers in the wrong  direction. The sandwiches are  OK to slightly better than OK.   It is better than Subway? Yes. Is it worth going out of your way to find? Not really anymore.

The name  and old school pictures on the wall still get points from me. The inconsistency the last 2 times I have gone  and the above average prices deserves and update in stars. 

I am hoping this is a hiccup that Naked City can fix because I would love to see it do well. As of right now I don't feel its worth going out of your way to seek it out. If you happen to be in the area and want to make a trip downtown or to Luv-it then its worth trying out. 

The kimmelweck roll is damn good as is the Habenero pickle.  Now either the quality has to improve or the prices need to come down.  Get it together Naked City.
A heads up here - the Las Vegas Boulevard location is now closed, and the entire Naked City product line, sandwiches, pizza, pasta, chicken wings and all sorts of good stuff, is now found at the Naked City Pizza location, at Moon Doggies (3249 South Arville, just off of Desert Inn). The same quality ingredients, and the same quality control, is coming from the kitchen.
I love the Naked City Sandwich Shop on Las Vegas Blvd, but we went there last weekend and discovered it was closed and had now "merged" with the pizza place inside of Moondoggies.

We went there today and placed an order for 1 sandwich and a 1/4 sheet pizza at 11:15.  25 minutes later, my husband went up to ask if we could have the sandwich out first if the pizza was taking a while to cook.  The only lady working in the kitchen replied, "I'm trying to get it all together."  20 minutes later, we still had no food.  We waited 45 MINUTES for a sandwich and a mini pizza.  Ended up just leaving because we were so hungry and frustrated, and the lady ran after us into the parking lot.

The loooonnggg wait time, not to mention the fact that it's now inside a dirty, dark bar with people getting plastered at 11:15 in the morning makes me not recommend this place.  Sorry, Naked City...you have fallen from my good graces.
Went to an event at Moondoggies today which also happens to be the home of Naked City Pizza Shop. 

I am a huge fan of regional food, and having traveled across the us i have had many great meals in many cities. One thing I love about a transient city like vegas is many people miss food from home so they find a place out here or they open one.

It appears the guys behind Naked City Pizza Shop went to Buffalo, stole a kitchen, and brought it back to vegas. The set up is a little odd, you order through a small window in the back corner of Moondoggies bar, grab a chair and a beer, and wait for your order.

The menu screams Buffalo, Pizza, wings, pasta, and beef. I sampled the garlic Parmesan wings which were amazing. My fellow diners raved about their buffalo wing sauce (I don't like the traditional wings so I didn't try them). The wings were crispy and the garlic parmesan topping was flavorful and not overwhelming.

I also tried the Pizza Logs...Imagine if an eggroll and a pizza had a delicious baby. They came out of the kitchen screaming hot, but after cooling a little they were devoured almost immediatley. 

Several people were having the Pizza which is served by the slice (square slices), it looked really good, but I wasn't there for the pizza I was there for the Beef.

I had scouted the menu online and one thing kept jumping off the screen to me. The Beef on Weck sub. For those of you who are unfamiliar with Weck it's short for kummelweck a type salt and caraway seed crusted roll found in Buffalo. Be warned Kummelweck can be rather salty so if you don't like salt you may not like the sandwich, however if you don't mind taking a weeks worth of sodium in one sitting, this sandwich can't be missed.

The beef is tender, the au jus is a nice addition, and they serve the horseradish on the side, which is great since I'm not a horseradish fan. They bake their own kummelweck rolls, and the large sandwich will set u back $10, but if you've wanted to get a taste of buffalo without the cost of a flight, you have to give it a shot.

I will be going back for more wings, the fried ravioli, and much more of the menu, and a bonus the bar is pretty cool as well.
I went back to Naked City Pizza Shop inside of Moondoggies again to eat more of their menu, and as before I was not disappointed.

This time I had the Pizza, it was a big square slice of pepperoni pizza, the crust not too thick and not too thin, kind of like handtossed at most major pizza places, but it's actually good, not processed frozen dough that the big guys have. I am a pretty big eater and I have to say that it was a bit of work to get through the slice, let's just say that it's not a small slice!!!

I also gave the Pizza Logs another chance, last time they were a little chilly in the middle, this time they came out piping hot, after a little cooling, they were amazing...could be one of my favorite apps in town...imagine if a totino's pizza roll and an egg roll had a delicious baby.

I also tried one of their chicken fingers, it was crispy and delicious, They have added chicken finger tacos to the menu, one member of my group had one, and let's just say it's on my list to try next time.

This place is really starting to grow on me, the staff is nice, the bar is a great little dive bar, and the food is AMAZING. I only wish it was closer to my house
I had some serious high hopes coming into my "dining" experience at Naked City Pizza Shop in Moon Doggies. I'd heard a lot of good things about the wings, and being a massive wing fan, I was anxious to try them out.

The Good:
- The hot sauce was actually hot. (All too often, the hot level is barely medium.)
- The hot sauce had a different and interesting flavor. Not your average tavern wing sauce.
- The suicide sauce, of which I got a side of, was one of the best super-hot sauces I've experienced.
- On the day I went, Naked City had partnered up with Fukuburger (food truck).
- Moon Doogies itself is an ok dive bar.

The Bad:
- The wings themselves - the chicken - was not of good quality.
- The wing sauces are very thin and liquidity. While the flavors are good, there is a lack of substance.
- Everything comes "take out"-style. You can sit at the bar or a high-top table and eat, but you're doing so out of styrofoam containers and little plastic cups.
- The wait for the food can be quite long.

The Ugly:
- The dipping sauces, ranch and blue cheese, were awful - among the worst I've experienced. (Good dipping sauces are a requirement for achieving good wing status.)

Now, admittedly, I've only tried the wings here. The menu was intriguing enough that I anticipate a return visit, where I'll try the pizza and maybe some other items. However, given the quality of the wings (or lack thereof), I don't have particularly high hopes.
Excellent. Location is tricky for non-locals and the non-adventurous. It is well worth the walk or drive. The turkey and the tri-tip scream quality. I've had the royal (Italian sausage) and it was good but stick with the turkey and beef. Definitely go for the Weck.
It is easy to drive by this place,as the main sign is for the bar,as the pizza joint is inside the bar.. Which was very smoky,dark and a few locals hanging out. The cook was actually doing his paperwork at the bar,so he looked like one of the patrons? Anyway the food is ok, just too smoky to wit for your pizza and wings to go,as I would not sit and eat there,unless you like hanging out in a smoky,smoky,stinky bar,it just doesn't make the food taste good.. Staff was friendly, but I don't think I will go bk..
More on their food- i did not get a pizza,but opt for wings, it was ok,nothing to write home about it. The portion are average, about the same for all places that serve wings and pizza.. It was hard to find the place because the sign for naked city pizza was very small and un -noticeable.As you see the reviews they are mixed and I cannot say it would be 4 or 5 stars either.. I got wings,because I was in a hurry to get in and out of there,,maybe if I ever go back I would try the pizza?
Good size pizza for the price...dough is made in house, the sauce needed something. Overall good pizza watering hole!!
I have friends that seem to frequent this place rather often.  I often see posts about them going there, without me, and I will be honest I get a little agitated. I have to tell myself that them getting it at 10pm or later is a good reason for me not to feel too bad about being excluded, but it stings. 

Maybe I have low standards for atmosphere, but I just do not care how a place looks as long as they produce good quality food and I am not in immediate danger of getting shanked. It is true that this establishment is located in a poorly light bar, but the drinks are cheap and the food more than makes up for it.

I have only been there once, and I can only think about how delicious the Guinea's pie was. For me, the true test of a pizza is whether I am willing to eat it's crust. I am not a huge fan of crust because it can be too doughy or dry. With Naked City Pizza, I found that I was not a particular fan of the middle slices of the rectangular pizza because there was no contrast to the gooey toppings. This would be one of the first times that I did not force myself to eat the crust and just enjoyed it. 

The wings, I love wings and seem to always be in the mood for them. Ordering with friends that do not handle spicy food too well, we decided to go with hot instead of suicide. I found them to be delicious, although not as fiery as I would like. They still proved too hot for the sensitive individuals in our party, so watch out. When I get the chance I would hope to try the suicide and confirm if they are something to write about. 

We also had the cobb salad in a vain attempt to justify everything else we ordered. The crispy cuts of bacon, chunks of blue cheese and dressing was just a reminder of how delusional we were. 

The meal might not have been the healthiest thing for us, but it was delicious nonetheless.
The pizza shop that's located inside of Moon Doggies bar. Currently, my favorite pizza style...Buffalo rectangular sheet style pizza. I generally have stomach discomfort after eating pizza...but I feel great after consuming their pizza. I don't know why...I'm sure I'm a bit lactose intolerant as almost everyone is as they get older, but no stomach bombs after eating this pizza and I have eaten it a few times.

I started frequenting this bar for football this year. Cool bartenders, cheap drinks and good pizza!

Dream scenario? And it has happened, but not enough! When Fukuburger visits the parking lot...drinks and pizza on the inside, great burgers on the outside!
Oh yes, when you gotta have a slice or two, and you just want it to be ready fast and taste good, get yer butt over here. This is great 'za, and he'll make you what ever you want, by the slice. At $3/ea, I was full after 1, two slices and I wished I hadn't but it was just so goooood. I got 2 Royales. Next time going for the Guinea and the White. Get some fresh basil on top and you'll be smiling.
"I didn't know it was a take and bake pizza." 

I took a bite of the crust as I love a good crust and that bite was really yeasty/doughy. I looked at the dough where I bit and was still translucent so therefore still raw. I grabbed from the other side of the pizza my 2nd slice, without crust. That was cooked, but still needed to be baked for a better consistency. I looked carefully at the pizza and the dough was rolled unevenly so the sloppy base made for the uneven cook. Like Angela stated about the sauce- she had a slice with no sauce and I had a slice that I could see the sauce present without digging for it. 

Shouldn't have to re-bake or watch each bite for raw spots when Angela H and I were plenty happy to wait 20 minutes to get a 'za but could wait longer if it meant not rushing to get it done. I looked at the crust on peoples pictures and can see those are brown and toppings like pepperoni are crisping at the edges. Just so people don't think I'm just looking for something to hate (though my review pattern is rarely negative) please look at the pictures. I posted a piece of pizza with all the toppings off so you can see the crust thickness change and the pale pizza crust and bottom. I'm sure some people will say "it's just a bad day" but uneven pizza dough and sauce is careless and seeing the crust isn't even brown but choosing to box it up anyways isn't the pride and quality control I'd expect from a raved about place. Yes, I cook some shit wrong, made a new recipe and it sucked- not for lack of care but inexperience. I've cooked certain things over and over (like you do at a restaurant) and can keep a decent standard on such items because I baby it and won't serve what isn't at least cooked well. 

 It LOOKED good, SMELLED good on the drive back home, the toppings were quality, but if you don't have the dough down right, cooked right then it isn't a fucking pizza. Might as well put those toppings on some sandwich rolls so I can enjoy the nicely spice-y sausage bits, red pepper, olives and pepperoni. Grease doesn't bother me too much, but just a note there was a good amount of it to dab off. $17 for a large and the only consolation I suppose is the groupon. Also we got cheese bread which gives me visions of dough bits with cheese. We got a sandwich roll stuffed with some cheese, mostly spinach and chopped garlic. I'd be cool with a spinach sandwich but it needed more seasonings other than the garlic so it was just A-OK. 

The settings really don't help. Neither of us was aware of what Moondoggies was about and partly wasn't sure if we have the right place without any pizza indicators on the outside. Odd that there isn't even a little sign... Alright, odd that it's in a bar, but I can dig it like how some  PTs have Robertos tacos attached. It's not quite separate but connected to the bar situation, but just a window on the wall of the bar where you can order.  It was just an odd vibe for two ladies to walk into a bar full of men with a few stopping to look at what we were doing. Odd vibes and no real seating aside from the bar or pool table, we hightailed our plans of staying in and took it to-go. Takes a lot to make two loud, social with all kinds of people kind of bitches want to just go home instead of stay in a environment. It wouldn't have been a place we could have comfortable conversation. 

I don't get the hype. I don't know about second chances with this one.
Groupons FTW! I'll make this clear right now. I have not tried their pizza. I was there specifically for the Poutine.

After zip lining down Fremont Street, we decided to hit up Naked City to use up my $20 Groupon. That got us a large Poutine ($5), 20 Hot Chicken Wings ($13), and a slice of cheese pizza ($2). The pizza slice was for my friend. I had no interest in trying it.

So how was the Poutine? I can't compare to the Poutine I've had in Toronto because it's been a couple of years. For sure, it was Freakin' Huge. That's actually the size designation - Freakin' Huge (not "large" as I stated earlier). I'm not really sure if they use cheese curds, but it was yummy and gooey, albeit slightly salty after a while. It's definitely something you could share with a few people.

The Chicken Wings were also good. It's not hard to make good wings, but I suppose it's not hard to mess them up either. My cousin said she really enjoyed them, but she admitted that she's been craving wings recently. I give them the thumbs up. They were pretty large too.

Moon Doggies is not really a place I'm in a hurry to revisit, but if I'm ever craving Poutine again, I know where to go.
Groupon alert!

As a Groupon addict, I'm always excited when they offer one for a place I've been dying to try. 

We decided to order a pizza for takeout, since we were feeling pretty lazy after an exhausting weekend of doing nothing. I decided on a Not so Wee Royal and a Wee garlic fries. I was tempted by the Poutine, but I'm just not a big fan of gravy and cheese. I ordered the pizza on the well-done side based on some previous reviews about the pizza being under or unevenly cooked. 

When I got the pizza home, I was excited to take a bite. I didn't find any of the crust or dough issues that previous reviewers had mentioned luckily, so I was happy about that. I adored the texture. It was chewy and I really enjoyed the sauce. The added touch of ricotto was delightful and added a sweet flavor to accompany the savory. I was very happy with this pizza. My fella, on the other hand, wasn't as impressed. He stuck mainly with the garlic fries, which were much more garlicky than I would like. If only they used real garlic instead of garlic salt and I would've been sold!

All in all, I was very happy with my meal here. I have a feeling I won't be eating here too often, unless I go with a friend. Hehe.

I look forward to trying more menu items here sometime soon.
I had the poutine. I was a little worried about this place when saw it because it looked like a run down bar. I ordered from the side. The poutine was good and fresh. curds with gravy and fries great. 3 for the small and 5 for the large. Unless you are eating with a couple of people get the small as I eat a lot but could not finish the food.
So my experience with the menu is somewhat limited - I've had the poutine twice and I had their sub of the month about a week ago. 

The sub was pretty bland which is hard to do with a hot wing themed sub.

As for the poutine, I struggle to review it. I'd actually classify it closer to a cheese fries and gravy than a poutine. If you've eaten at a diner in NY or NJ, you've had this dish... fries with some sliced cheese melted over the top and brown gravy. While the flavor was decent (good gravy which is important) the fries definitely needed to be more well done - a good poutine needs crispy fries in my opinion. That said, this also isn't what I would consider to be poutine. A true poutine has nice cheesy curds located throughout like nuggets of gold that you discover and cherish like pirate's booty....

Good, not great, but when I'm lookin' for a fix, I'll definitely go back.
I was on a groupon mission this weekend! I came here with a friend to try out a new pizza spot. After reading the previous reviews I was a lil worried about the pizza being undercooked. Sadly my pizza was a little burnt on the bottom...if it wasn't this would have easily been a 4 star review! 

We got the pizza to go, as we were feeling lazy! The bar was a dive bar and not as sketchy as I thought it was going to be. The guys that worked the pizza spot were super nice. The pizza was good...we got a caesar salad and the dressing was AMAZING!!! I'd go back if was near by...it's worth a try...
Ordered a massive pizza, sheet pan size. It was a deluxe type with all the typical toppings on it.  it was very good.  The group loved it.  If you need pizza for a group, this is the place for you.  Nice and spicy. About $30.  The cook was very friendly and conscious of his work, which is always good.
You'll find this grub inside a seedy yet surprisingly clean bar called moon doggies.  I told Chris, the Naked City Pizza Owner, I 'd be scared to patronize this joint at night. He is assured me it's cool...mostly industry folk.

Took hubs and dad in for lunch.  Strangely enough, we didn't have any pizza.  I know this guy is from Buffalo so we decided to try his buffalo wings.  We also tried the steak frites sub (a special written on the board).  Dad had a chili cheese hot dog with everything and fries.

The wings were good.  We ordered them "hot"  The were great!  Cooked just as I like them.

Dad loved his hot dog.  It had chili, cheese, pickles, onions, jalapenos and so on.  He didn't love his fries.

The steak frites sub was a monstrous roll coated with cheese and stuffed with garlicky beef, creamy horseradish, and skinny fries.  It was served with a side of peppery gravy to drizzle over the top.  The sandwich was excellent.  Lots of meat.  Perfectly seasoned.  Yum-o!

Our lunch for three was $25 and we brought some home.

I"ll definitely go back soon to try the pizza!!
06/12/11 DINNER.

Having never been here before, last night I attended their PIG OUT, a 5-course presentation of food, buffet-style, created by the owner/chef and 3 fellow chefs from the LV area. The food was FANTASTIC, not even factoring in the VALUE the event turned out to be. I must come back just to try more pizza, but they should put that pappardelle and porchetta on the menu!
Alert - this business does not have the same menu as Naked City Sandwich Shop!!!  So there is no tri tip sandwich on the menu.  There is no kimmelweck.  Yelp transferred the reviews from Naked City Sandwich Shop here but it is a completely different menu!  The current Review Highlights are not accurate.

That being said, pretty darn good food!  The pizza was awesome!  I'm usually weary of square pizzas as they tend to be too thin for me and lack flavor in my experience.  But this was good stuff! Thin crust, a little crunchy, and so flavorful.  I highly recommend the Fatboy.

The subs don't really hold a candle to the Naked City Sandwich Shop offerings.  But the sub I got was pretty good.  The Stinger, which has steak and boneless buffalo wings, was inventive.  Note - the pizzas and subs share some of the same names so make sure you clarify what you want when you order.

The poutine was pretty good (fries covered in gravy and cheese curds for the uninitiated).  I've never had poutine before so I have no frame of reference.  But the fries were excellent!  My favorite kind.  Skin on, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.  So yummy!

Chris, the guy running the entire operation, took my groupon without a problem.  There were some unique specials on the board, such as pork ragu, so make sure to check the board beside the window before ordering.

The restaurant will only deliver within one mile and I can't get the online ordering system to work, ever.  Even when it was Naked City Sandwich Shop.  It's inside a smoky Moondoggies.  Just look for the sign that says pizza by the slice.  I dig the food but it's not in my hood and video poker bars are not my thing.  Unless I can get a food runner service to deliver from here, sadly I think this will be an infrequent trip for me.
Met up with some friends for beers and grub pre-movie premeire.  We were not dissapointed.

This is some good freaking pizza! Obscenities flew out of our mouths, uncontrollably, as we feasted.  So delicious! I am sure it depends what kind of pizza you like;  I like a fluffy doughy marvelous pizza.  Some people prefer that crappy crispy cardboardy stuff.  

We had the guinea pie - Chris proclaimed it was his favorite.  My favorite now too! AMAZEing.  Meatballs, ricotta, garlic, fresh mozzarella. YUM.

We also had poutine, and the pork ragu fettucini from the specials board which came with chewy, delicious garlic buns, and a zesty sald with vinaigrette.

Just to finish of our carb fest, we ordered the fried. dough.  This does not such.  Warm chocolately powdered sugary goodness.

So $32 for four people - is this a joke? Salad, pizza, buns, pasta with a pound of flavorful shredded pork, and fried dough?!?! What a deal!

I'll be back asap!
Quite a few months ago I made a forum post on Yelp seeking my perfect pizza. Something with crust that's quite chewy, not undercooked, wet, floppy, or any of a dozen different complaints I can have with pizza in Las Vegas. Naked City was one of the suggestions in that thread as a place which might satisfy my pizza specifications.

You see, I'm one of those people who, every time they read a review for a pizza place that starts with "As everyone knows, Las Vegas is a mecca for great pizza....." sighs in bogglement that my tastes are, apparently, so different from the LV mainstream with regard to pizza. I've searched high and low and nothing has perfectly fit the bill.

That was until I braved Moodoggie's Bar to pick up a "Stinger" pizza with red sauce and entered pizza heaven. Let's not split hairs - the place looks scary, the bar is right out of the early 80s, complete with sit down Galaga coin-op. The "pizza shop" is a window looking into a tiny, slightly grimy-looking (though I'm sure that's just age and it's perfectly clean) kitchen. And yet somehow it all works to create my idea of perfect pizza. A thickish crust with not too much sauce of the kind that isn't overly sweet or overly gloopy. Delicious toppings, correct cooking time and wonderful taste. It all came together to produce a huge "not so wee" pizza that I inhaled in an evening.

I can see why the place gets mixed reviews. Its appearance combined with the massive deviation from what most people seem to regard as "good pizza" is sure to throw a few cats among the rating pigeons, but if you're like me, and the thought of another sloppy, undercooked pizza that people tell you you're supposed to "fold up to eat", give Naked City a try. You might not regret it.
Naked City Pizza Shop, hidden inside Moon Doggies Bar.  

I've been to Moon Doggies a few times over the years.  It's a nice dive bar with real character.  It's a good change in a town where it's hard to find such places.  Going here is a little intimidating the first time around, but definitely a fixture to this city.  Naked City is a welcomed addition to Moon Doggies; the previous pizza place that leased the kitchen was not that great and left the watering hole void of food offerings for a few years.  

This was my 2nd visit to Naked City, and we just can't seem to get away from the daily specials that the chef has to offer.  (The chef is also the owner, waiter, delivery driver, and busser)  

The special on our first visit was a hot roast beef dip.  The thing that set this apart from your average French Dip was the addition of horse radish sauce and a roll seasoned and toasted like garlic bread.  This was excellent.  The beef was also unique; it was roasted in house and cut thick, but still remained tender.  I hope this special becomes a regular item.

The second visit we tried the pulled pork Bolognese.  Extremely flavorful, but may be too bold for some.  This was a deliciously refined dish, much too soigne to be served in a dive bar.  However, this fancy plate of pasta fit perfectly with the approach of Naked City, offering unexpectedly great food in a blue collar setting.  

We also tried a few of the regular menu items between the past two visits:  The medium wings were very flavorful, but had a sweet note to them.  I'm a simple guy when it comes to me, so it wasn't my cup of tea.  The garlic knots were excellent, I really recommend.  The "Naked City" Pizza is very well executed.  We also tried the Poutine.  The Poutine is a must have and needs to go on everyone's bucket list as a must try before they die.

Naked City is losing a star for the location.  Food is amazing, but the neighborhood is a little scary, and the bar is extremely smoky.  I must also warn everyone, do NOT order soda from the bar, I don't think they have every changed or cleaned their soda lines in 20 years.  Stick with the hard liquor or beer.
Went there twice in the past week, and ordered chicken wings. The wings were so small that I thought they were pigeon wings. C'mon... This guy is from buffalo, he knows that if he were to serve tiny chicken wing in Buffalo, we would have thrown it back at him (not literally). The flavor was there, its just that the size was a serious disappoinment. I think if he would have added extra wings to make up for the size I wouldn't be writing this..... PLEASE GET SOME NORMAL SIZE WINGS! or change your prices to reflect! We had 50 wings between 2 adults and 2 children. We ate the all and wanted more! When we go to your competitor, we usually have leftovers! Please make a change, because I dont want to go anywhere else. I like you r restaurant.
I heard they had poutine here, and I had to check it out for myself. Moon Doggies has a great atmosphere and good energy. I ordered the poutine to go, and they were clever, keeping the gravy separate from the fries and cheese, so the fries wouldn't get soggy as I drove home.

Now, the only downside I can give is that they used shredded mozzarella cheese, instead of cheese curds, so when I dumped the gravy, the cheese became one big layer of melted cheese, instead of mixing with the fries as it's meant to happen.

So, be sure to mix the cheese with the fries before you dump the gravy on, or just eat there and let them do it for you...either way, the fries are good, and the gravy is salty, which is how I generally like it. But, mixed with the mozz (which is salty, as well) it can be a little over-powering. So, be prepared for that possibility.

Would I go back? Definitely. It's too good to let a few small issues keep me away.
Can only rate the pizza which I have gotten to go twice. First time I picked it up and it was very good. The guinea's pie has meatballs, ricotta, spinach, mozzarella and a white sauce but I subbed in a red sauce. Had a unique, almost lemony, taste that my husband and I enjoyed. A half sheet was enough for two meals. The next time we ordered the same thing delivered but it was not as good. My main issue was that there was little to no cheese on the outer slices and none on one of the corner pieces. Cheese is important on my pizza, next time I'll order extra. Still a decent dinner for not too much $ and I will be back.
Best pizza in town. And the poutine is great too
I wanted to try Poutine for my first time and this place is the only place I found that serves Poutine. Las Vegas magazine also mentioned this place as the best place for Poutine. The pictures looked amazing too

I ordered the stuffed mushrooms and of course Poutine. The stuffed mushrooms were tiny and it had way too much seasoning. As for my Poutine, it didn't look at all like the pictures people posted. I don't know if it was because the chef was having a bad day... but it was not smothered in gravy and there were barely any cheese curds! I tasted it and it also had too much seasoning. Pretty disappointed.

Btw, this place is inside Moon Doggies. I was lost trying to find this location.
This is hands down the best pizza I've ever had in Vegas, NY, Chi or anywhere else. It is so delicious in every way and even smells AMAZING. The dough is made from scratch and you can't go wrong with any of the ingredients they offer. Most recently we enjoyed a pepperoni, mushroom and sausage pizza. There's nothing else like it. I'm usually not a huge sausage fan, but I couldn't get enough. I could have literally eaten the entire pizza myself!!!

The incredible menu doesn't stop at the pizza. I've also had the stuffed mushrooms and wings, which were fantastic. I don't know how anyone could have anything negative to say about the mushrooms as they were SO delicious!!! I've never had better! I'm dying to try the pasta on my next trip!!! The menu offers far more options than your typical pizza joint and you can't go wrong with ANY of them. 

You must try Naked City Pizza!!!
Best pizza I've had in Las Vegas! The crust, cheese, and fresh thick cut toppings, just awesome. Wish they would bring back their Chili Cheese fries!
HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. (from "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives" to "Restaurant Impossible!") I understand slow/busy bar service - but this was straight up rudeness and we were ignored for over 20 minutes.
we walked in (just two of us) in front of a group of four or so people. The group that came in behind us sat behind us as well, and they had their food before we even were acknowledged and got a glass of water.
We tried asking the male waiter for water and he continued past us (ignored us!) and helped the table behind us, taking their order, bringing them several plates of food. The waitress then told us that the other waiter would help us. we were continued to be ignored.
i felt bad that it was the waitress' first day, but the other waiter was of no assistance to her (or us), which made the entire establishment look bad. He kept walking past our table to serve and check on the group that came behind us.
it took 20 minutes for a glass of water and an additional 5 to get my coke. we waited over a half hour for the garlic rolls (an appetizer) and about 50 minutes for a "wee" sized pizza. 
Meanwhile the group that came in behind us has had a "not so wee" sized pizza (medium), a couple orders or wings, etc. and the waiter kept bringing out plates for them while we sat with one glass of water. The group of people behind us finished and paid for their meal as our fricking appetizer was coming out.
the ONLY reason we didn't just walk away is human courtesy to the poor waitress on her first day.
Looks like this place needs to be on food network again for the show "Restaurant Impossible!" because the male waiter was a complete ass - either that or he was racist and ignored my boyfriend. I literally saw him make eye contact as we asked for help and he kept it moving to the group just past us...that came in after us!

I will never come back, and i will never tell my out of town guests to come here.
Decided to try after watching DDD on foodtv. The food was AMAZING! We had the chicken finger dip (spicy Buffalo goodness!) Hot wings, the guinea pizza, and steak and cheese pizza. Everything was phenomenal! They had a delicious homemade ranch with the wings that I almost spooned out of the cup!

The only issues we had was with the service. She was very nice just slow. Our appetizers came out the same time as our pizza which made a lot to eat at once. Our drinks sat empty a few times as well.

Other than slow service we would recommend this place to friends. With a service warning label. Wish we would have found this place before we were about to have a baby!
I have to remind myself that this is bar and I am rating bar food. So I kinda feel silly because it is bar food, so maybe I shouldn't be so harsh? I came primarily to try the poutine fries, but of course also ordered a pizza. We placed our poutine fry order, and it took 30 minutes for them to come out, it was a small order and we were the only people in the dining area. Our server was always coming around checking on us, so I know it wasn't her fault for the delay, so we couldn't really figure it out. Was a little strange to get your app at the same time as the meal. As for the pizza, it is Sicilian style (rectangular) which I'm not a huge fan of because I like crust, so you have an entire mid section of pizza that is all alone because I eat around it. We ordered half margherita and half back home. When the pizza came out it looked good, but as I got a couple bites in, it started to taste gross. They bake the pizza with the basil on it instead of putting it on after, so the basil is wilted and burnt, the tomatoes tasted canned and the cheese was gross to look at after 15 minutes, it became hard and formed, and the crust had an overwhelming taste of yeast, clearly not quality ingredients. Again, I realize I'm at a bar. My stomach has been a little upset since I ate. The two things this place has going for them is the Pandora station they play and the poutine fries, but I'd never come back and wait 30 minutes for them.
Edible,but a D for dives is appropriate.

No windows ,hard to find and service is slow.

It took about 15 or 20 minutes to get a diet coke after I ordered it.

I had a wee Sicilian and a capicola and sausage sub,both were good,but the cap was a bit dry and could have used a marinara sauce to balance it out.

Northeastern comfort food done well.
This place is delicious. It's a total dive... located inside a little bar on Arville near Chinatown. Don't expect your dining experience to be glamorous. Also, we were very confused as to how it worked- we didn't know we could get a waitress, so we stood at the window waiting for someone to help us. They were short staffed, but the waitress was very good to us- she even took time out of her busy day to take a picture of my friend and I by wall of shame they have.

Now, about the food.... It's really out of this world. We tried to the buffalo chicken dip- superb. I really loved it. It comes with hunks of fried chicken fingers in it, with plenty of pieces of their yummy flatbread for dipping. And the pizza... oh my gosh, really really good. We got the Back HOme pie, topped with their housemade sausage and yummy pepperoni. It was mind blowingly amazing.

I washed it down with a 2.25 bud light- can't beat that deal. you can't beat these prices. I suggest everyone tries this place- maybe when the DDD hype is over : )
Mom and I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak Rolls for a starter. They were the bomb! Sweet and hot peppers, steak, cheese, and onions all deep fried in egg roll wraps. What's not to like? Pizza with pepperoni, meatballs, and hot peppers was also really good. The restaurant itself is 8 or 9 tables tucked into Moon Doggie's dive bar. The bar itself has a funky stale smell, which does interfere somewhat with the taste of the meal. Those rolls though! Couple orders to go, and you'd be set.
PROS: 
- Good pizza
- Relaxed atmosphere
- Off the busy strip

CONS:
- slow service when more than 3 tables are filled
- it's SO dark inside
- miscalculated check DOUBLE CHECK YOUR CHARGES!!

Pizza was yummy. I tired a Build Your Own, and the Guinea's. The Guinea's lacked the garlic flavor I was expecting, but the Build Your Own pizza we ordered was delicious thanks to the sauce and dough. The dough is crisp, yet doughy inside. Here are my ratings (1 - 10, 10 being highest) for items i tried:

Build Your Own: 8
Guinea's Pizza: 5
Suicide Fries: 7
Garlic Fires: 3 (needs garlic!)
Chicken Wing Dip: 7

I was very UNIMPRESSED about the check. Our group ordered a number of items from the menu and many of them were charged incorrectly on the bill. There were items that were $0.25 - $7.50 overchared.  Also, tax was incorrectly calculated as well. The waitress told me that each item price on the check included tax, but this was obviously incorrect since some items on the checked actually matched the menu price, while others were higher than the menu price. 

I hope the manager(s) decides to convert to a computerized system.
I am a native of Buffalo, NY and heard about this place when I first moved here, but live in Henderson so I've been a Santora's Sunset bar and Grille faithful for the most part.  Since Santora's closed (reopened under a new name, shut down and reopened under Santora's w/o Buffalo food ), I've been feening for some good "back home" food.  We saw the DDD episode and my BF's friend wanted to check the place out so we went this past weekend. Waitstaff is friendly, but service is a bit slow. I'm not sure if they were shorthanded, but the owner of the place does step in to help clear tables and such.  The menu made me hear Angels singing from the heavens.  They have pizza logs which are cheese and pepp w/ a touch of sauce wrapped in an egg roll wrapper and deep fried. They also do Philly cheesesteak logs...same theory. Chicken wing dip is something I make frequently for my friends out here for parties, so we skipped that.  Was delighted to see chicken finger subs and the Stinger!   Was disappointed however to get the chicken finger sub and it didn't have lettuce, tomato, or cheese /onion on it as I was expecting :(    The stinger is cheesesteak, chicken fingers on a sub roll with traditional toppings. The wings were just like home, crispy on the outside, juicy in the middle...however some people think they're overcooked because they're used to the wings being soft all the way around out here, and honestly, that's not the way Buffalo does them people.  Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Hot sauce is actually hot!  It's just like home. Normally, I'd order hot out here and get something along the lines of medium but this place does it right!   Now, the pizza. I've been struggling to find good pizza out here and the best I've had thus far is Mama Mia's on Buffalo near Flamingo, or Northside Nathans.  This place does a good crust.  The crust actually rises and is airy and soft.  The toppings are fresh, and the sauce is not overly acidic or sweet with tons of tomato paste.  I tasted home.  :)    Next time, I'm going to get the poutine fries which are french fries topped with brown gravy, and cheese curds on top of that. It's more of a Canadian dish, but Buffalo NY being so close to the border of Canada, we know what it is and it's great!  
Will definitely be back to watch our football team lose yet again this season, and drink cheap beer $2.00 bud/bud light drafts or bottles during games. Same story for the Sabres.
I was on the road looking for Lola's and I had the wrong address.  Luckily I had my laptop with me and I had to go to a McDonalds to use their "free" WiFi.  Well.... I felt compelled to buy something so I got a quarter pounder meal deal for about $7 just to use their WiFi.  I found I was closer to Naked City Pizza, so I decdied to try this place.  I walk into this dive bar where it so dark, it took time for the eyes to adjust.  I asked where the restaurant is and they said I'm standing in it.  I sat at one of about 6 tables and proceeded to be shocked by what was being served in that environment.  We're talking white china style plates with silverware.  No paper plates and plastic forks.  I had the caeser salad which was very good.  The dressing tasted homemade, but can't be sure.  I had the garlic cheese buns and the small Royal sandwhich.  The buns are incredible. They are just pizza dough rolled with garlic and cheese.  Baked and served with a marinara dipping sauce.  They serve 5 per order.  This was great becasue they are fresh out of the oven. I only ate one and took the rest to my hotel.  My Royal sandwich was on a nice toasted Italian roll with their homemade sausage.  The fennel flavor of the sausage was WOW.  All that food for about $20.  Don't be afraid to walk in this dive looking bar. The food is well worth it.
Hmm suicide fries!! everyone around me knows am in for anything that is super spicy and hot! So when i seen suicide fries on DDD i said  "that's the place i am gonna try" believe me its all that and a bag of suicide  fries!!!!!!! So let me stop talking about the best spicy fries i have ever had and talk about the rest of  my visit! 

My hunny and i were excited to visit this place so we did not let the negative yelps stop us from doing so, and boy were we happy!! The service was great the waitress gal who helped us was a pleasure and very informative, the beer was cheap and cold and my salad was super yummy with ingredients you don't find at your nearest dennys!  Now lets talk pizza when i heard ny buffalo u imagined ny pie, but nope the pizza is a thick crust with fresh ingredient and probably super yummy for the thick crust lovers, i don't care for thick crust so i don't want to judge the pizza based  upon my bias!  all together we loved this place and will be returning during our next  Vegas stop!! 

wait i forgot to mention all ingredients are super fresh and your dish made to order!!
and wait i forgot one more thing SUICIDE FRIES ROCK!!!
hehe
We have lived right across the street from here for years and have never tried it. We heard they were on food network and they had done renovations so we finally decided to try it. It was better than we expected. It is a full bar with tables and it's 21+ only. We sat down on the tables and was greeted by the server and she right away got us water as it was 100+ degrees out. They bring a big glass bottle of filtered water to pour yourself which I thought was good so u don't have to wait for refills. We ordered the poutine fries the wee size was perfect size to share, meathead sub full size, and wee size guinea pie. All of the food was delicious! The fries were cut thick and fried perfectly, covered in brown gravy and cheese and fries weren't even soggy. The meathead sub was awesome! It's brisket with pickles, mustard and melted cheddar cheese. All the flavors melted together perfectly, they put a good amount of meat and the brisket was super moist and juicy, even the sub bead they used was crisp on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. The pizza was rectangle and cut into 6 pieces we could only eat 2 bcuz we were so full. The pizza had spinach, ricotta, mozzarella, slices of sausage meatball, and garlic cream sauce. The crust on it's own was great, it was like having a soft chewy breadstick at the end, perfect for dipping. Food came out pretty fast but there werent too many ppl ordering food at the time. The waitress was attentive and helpful with the menu. I'm pretty sure we'll become regulars lol
My husband and I were visiting for the weekend and we have a friend who is a local so we decided to give NCP a try. It is hard not to be skeptical when you walk in because it is very much a dive bar. But wait, did I just eat one of the best salads of my life here? A regular side salad? Why yes I did. Shocking? Why yes it was. We also ordered the garlic fries (thick-cut, had good garlic flavor and parm cheese on top), as well as the the Guinea Pie and Naked Pizza.  I shockingly wasn't a big fan of the homemade meatballs on the Guinea Pie, they were a bit greasy and fatty tasting for me. But the Naked pie was incredible. Our server was a riot, too. Overall I was pleasantly surprised.
Don't judge a place by it's cover, once we got past the outside and our eyes adjusted inside it was a fun little dive to eat at.  The food is delicious.  My husband and I decided to visit NCP after it was featured on TV and it was worth it.  The servings are huge, believe me you want as small as you can get.  We weren't going to get an appetizer, but our waitress suggested the fries and they were delicious.  The pizza was great too, especially the garlic crust, we would definitely go back again.
We had great service and enjoyed this place.
I probably shouldn't talk about this place. I should probably never admit that I go here alone sometimes in the afternoon and do very shameful things here. All the food at Naked City is bound to kill you! If you're low carbing it, the chicken wings are awesome! That being said, why would you ever stop there? If you're going to walk into this smoky shit hole and brave the shitty heavy metal usually playing on the jukebox, you must eat everything you possibly can! The "Steak In The Grass" sandwich is amazing! Thinly sliced steak, garlic, and a little spinach oozing its sweet juices into one of the most perfect baguettes in Las Vegas. This sandwich will inspire countless trips back to Moon Doggies, you'll repeatedly brave the cigarette smoke and trashy clientele just to taste this forbidden treasure. Everything else is good, I've tried the gluttonous Poutine and the Pizza piled up with gobs of cheese and delicous little pepperonis too!  I was excited to see Poutine here as I first fell in love with this dish in Montreal one drunken night. For those that have never had french fries covered in Veal gravy and cheese curds, this is a heart stopper! The guy that runs the joint is really passionate and takes pride in what he does, he must be a real sick man! You too should go sometime when you're feeling like having a shameful pigout or if you just need the healing which can only come from overeating while flirting with the sweet and slightly trashy bartenders that work here! Oh Lord! Please have mercy on me for admitting this!
This was a fun place.  The service was excellence.  I'm glad triple d put this place on tv - it was worth it.  We give it a 4 out 5 just because the seating was tight.  We went to UNO pizza in Chicago and sat on the other side of at two seat table that was big enough for a goldfish, kind of reminded us of that....
My co-worker wanted to try this place after seeing it on some Food Network show; she came back with this huge pizza that had lots of cheese, huge slices of sausage, spinach and ricotta cheese. I have to say it was a pretty good pizza, it would have been AMAZING if it had some garlic added to the sauce. And the corners seem a little neglected from the sausage. But overall I am very happy & satisfied and would definitely try their food again! My mom used to go to Moon Doggies all the time for the drinks/gaming, I'll continue the tradition but instead of gaming it will be to eat!! Can't wait to try the fries, sandwiches, etc... And if they have Italian desserts then they'll never be rid of me!
A total dive, but I like dives. I had a restaurant.com certificate for nearly a year. I kept forgetting about the place. A friend seen it on DDD and went for pizza. He didn't like it, but it served as a good reminder for me to check it out.

Our waiter recommended the buffalo chicken dip, it sounded delicious so they got started on that right away. It was freakin' fantastic. Loved it!

The husband had chicken parmesan sub which was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. I had the Royal which was named a best bite by LV Weekly 2010 and a 10 Best Sandwich in 2012. A sub with Italian sausage, cappicola, mozzarella. It was way TOO salty. Seriously, salty. The cappicola was the culprit. Once I peeled that away it was an OK eat. Not the best of anything... but that chicken dip; I'd return for that alone.
Yes this is in a bar you are not mistaken!
Pros-Pizza was great, and the heavy male server was super nice. However the suicide fries that are highly recommended may have been good if I could feel my face again after the first bite! Soooo hot!! The waitress (prior to mr. nice server guy) didn't warn us. They did take it off the bill since we couldn't eat them. Good deal. 
Cons- The place is a total dive bar and is smoky on the inside. It was early and I didn't feel nervous but I bet the night crowd could be a little...um...less than nice. I admit I'm a non-smoker, so waaahhh, but if you don't want smoke in your pizza taste - get it to go.
Bookmarked this place for our Vegas visit during Labor Day weekend after seeing in on DDD, and it did not disappoint!  This review is for our  food "to-go" since we had the kids with us and the bar does not allow anyone under 21.  Also, the bar allows smoking, so even if we could, I don't think we would've dined inside. 

We ordered the "Fatboy" pizza which is a meat-lovers dream!!!  I highly recommend it.  We also ordered a wee-size "Pizza Bianco" which was a dissapointment - I'd tried better versions.  But the star of all stars is the "Suicide Fries" as it definitely lived up to the DDD hyped!  I will definitely make an effort to order from this place next time we're in Vegas and look forward to trying other selections.
Checked out this place after seeing the latest Diner's Drive-in's and Dives. Had the suicide fries, they were Really spicy (in a good way), needed to down a gallon of milk on this one. The pizza was OK.
Food was really good!  Pizza was delicious.  Suicide Fries were great, not for the soft pallet for sure. Bar feel with good range of drinks.  Mostly a whiskey bar and not with cocktails.
Came here because of DDD also, but found it disappointing. The suicide fries had nothing unique on them. It could have been a jarred suicide sauce for all I knew and was not that hot. Ordered the Stinger pizza and couldn't find/taste a couple of the ingredients (blue cheese, chicken finger hot sauce). Drinks were fine. Service was slow even though they weren't that busy on a Monday night.
The fries at this place are off the hook. We tried both the suicide fries and the garlic fries. Both were dynamite. Would definitely return.
I cannot express how awesome this food is! The owner Chris is extremally friendly and attentive to details and you can tell there is a lot of pride in their food! DO NOT MISS the Buffalo Chicken Dip on the app menu. I wanted to lick the bowl! Also- if the special that week/day is the homemade pretzels.... order 2 or 3 orders. He makes Auntie Anne's pretzels look foolish :) Yes- its in a dive bar....but thats part of the appeal. Just go with it and enjoy the experience!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sweet jesus, I'm in love with Naked City. The pizza is thick, bubbly, and just the right amount of browned. The cannelloni was fantastical. Everything I have tried is absolutely delish! The suicide fries are not to be underestimated, bring Tums and order them! Also, they offer pizza by the slice, I got pizza and a drink for less than $5.00!  Digging this place, big time!

Note, you must be 21 to enter restaurant due to it being in a bar.
Italian sausage, mushroom pizza! Mmmmm!
We decided to give this place a try after seeing them on DDD. We went in on a Monday night so the place was pretty quiet and were greeted right away. My wife and I are big fans of spicy food so we had to try the suicide fries. On a scale of 1 to 10, I would rate the fries a solid 8. They are killer... we couldn't stop eating them! (the next morning was a different story, however :) We also tried their Naked City Pizza which was done right. The crust was perfect along with the cheese and toppings. We ordered the "not so wee" which is a medium and it was more than plenty for two people. Finally, the price was more than reasonable for the quality of the food. Give them a try next time you're in Vegas, I assure you their food beats any of the expensive junk they serve at casino buffets.
The pizza was amazing!  

Took a star off because it's in a bar, so limits it to a babysitter night.  If it were closer I would do take out.  So sad because it was seriously yummy pizza.
Drove by this place several times on my way to work, finally decided to check it out for lunch.  Didn't realize before that the restaurant itself was IN the bar, but it really wasn't that bad.  It's a little dark, but the place isn't horrible to be in overall.   
Ordered a "Wee" sized pepperoni pizza which was HUGE.  It fed me and my girlfriend and we still had two slices left over.  I caught a glimpse of the famous Suicide fries on the table next to us, so I decided to ask the waitress exactly how hot they were.  She said, on a scale of 1 -10....  she would rate them at a 10 1/2.  She offered me a sample of the suicide sauce that the fries are smothered in and I accepted.   Just a small taste of the sauce warmed my entire mouth and my throat.  The sauce tasted amazing and despite the heat, I still couldn't resist dipping some of my pizza crust in it throughout the meal.  
Since my girlfriend doesn't appreciate spicy food like I do, we went with an order of the garlic fries.  You could tell they were homemade and they were AMAZING.  Hot salty fries with fresh garlic and covered in Parmesan Cheese and spices. 
Took one star off because of the service.  The waitress was really nice, but she never asked us if we wanted a drink until our food was almost gone, and I couldn't get her attention at all throughout the meal. Seeing that my mouth was still on fire from the suicide sauce, I almost jumped the bar to get my own.  However, when she did come over she was really nice and was quick to help us when she did finally notice.  
Also, place was really cheap.  We ordered the Wee sized pizza, two drinks and some garlic fries and the total was $20. 
Being that I live so close, I will definitely be coming back here to watch some football games, enjoy a beer and get some amazing food.
Start here: Naked city is a dive. It's inside Moon Doggy's bar, which is a divey sports bar. But! If that doesn't detour you, then the pizza is awesome and drinks are cheap. We sat at the bar, which I recommend, and our bartender was friendly and  cool. Our food came out quick, and the pizza was excellent. If you're a fan of thick crust, bubbly pizza with a brown crust, this is the pizza for you. And, it's huge. The wee is HUGE. The other size I'm sure is bigger. Bring your friends to help you finish, and have a few cheap drinks!
This place is definitely located in a dive bar.  Ordered a round of wings and Guiena pizza.  The wings were good, good amount of sauce and they were large in shape.  The pizza on the other hand was crap.  Pizza had no flavor or taste.  The Crust is very thick.  I would skip this place.  Guy Fieri got this place wrong!
Tried the wings and was pretty well disappointed.
Sauce was forgettable and the homemade blue cheese sucked.
Watery and totally lacking in flavor.
Salad and celery sticks were dreadful and wilted.
I have been here a couple times before and its been so/so - HOWEVER this time around they were a bit busy and the waitress was VERY rude. She kept putting her hands in the air saying how busy she was and ignored us on multiple occassions.

I will rate next time I go to give them one more shot
went to this place today and the service sucked very bad experience and left them a message and they deleted my post ...did not serve us because color of our skin very racist treatment today
My time these days doesn't really allow for writing many Yelp reviews anymore, but I had to chime in with a four star review for a solid Las Vegas spot.

Unfortunately it seems that anytime Fieri stops by, the idiot reviewers come out of the woodwork. That's really the case here on Yelp, so let's clarify some things:

1) Yes, the restaurant is in Moondoggies, a bit of a dive bar.  That's mentioned ahead of time in all the press, so you're lame if you're going to ding them a star because you had to get a babysitter or you didn't like the vibe. The rest of us enjoy the booze, the Bills (not really, but you get the point) and the surroundings.

2) Yes, the suicide sauce (and fries, I assume) are spicy! I'm not really sure how one would think otherwise. Go to Tex Wasabis if you wan't faux tasting food. 

3) Yes, this place is serving up a Buffalo-style pie. It boggles the mind how people just come in and say "not very good pizza" without more because they have no respect for the different types of pizzas one can get.

Alright, now that's all out of the way, so what'd we get that made me rant and rave so happily?

Stinger pizza - Absolutely delicious. One problem with Vegas eateries is that places often try to be trendy by throwing gut-busting ingredients into a dish without any conception for how they go together or how they leave you feeling. The buffalo chicken, steak, peppers and cheese on this dish seem like they'd have that problem (and might, if you eat the whole pie) but a slice on its own has an awesome flavor profile.

Royal sandwich - Simple, tasty and done right. Makes me miss their sandwich shop back when it was downtown. 

If you like great food and know you're okay with a certain vibe, go...you won't regret it. If you don't, that's fine too...but don't write an unfair review of a place as a result.
Let me start by saying that I did see this place on DDD. My girl and I make it a point to try at least one place recommended in a City by Guy. It's killing me that people are slamming this place for being a Dive, when they were warned, told, cautioned or whatever Word you want to use, that its a Dive. Sorry, I hate bad reviews for an Owner trying to make it and somebody slams his dream and future success for nothing. Rant over. That night we had a Wee size Steak and Cheese Pizza, Ceaser salad (small) and Sicilian flavored wings. The Pizza was very good to judge it by Pizza Hut standards is just not fair. This Pizza from dough to oven looks hand made and the taste is the same. The cheese could have more generous but the flavor for what we had was amazing just as it was. The salad was good. Not your typical Ceasar but very good. Now lets talk about the wings, THE SICILIAN WINGS WERE ARGUABLY THE BEST FLAVOR COMBINATION I HAVE EVER TASTED. we had an order of 8 and as stuffed as we were I wish we had ordered more. Do yourself a favor and try them. Ambiance was as a Bar should be. Minus the Bills decor ( Saints fan here) lol. We can't wait to go back and this time we'll skip the salad to make room for more Wings. Or maybe just order more wings. Lol. Great place. Service was just as you would get in a Bar and very knowledgable about the Menu. Try this place. If you have kids order ahead and take it back to your Hotel, you won't be sorry.
On a recent trip to Vegas for a conference a co-worker mentioned leaving the strip and heading out to a pizza place he saw on DD&D.  I have only gone to one recommendation from DD&D because it was local to me and was several disappointed that nothing I wanted was on the menu.  The co-worker did not remember what Guy had ordered so we had to ask the embarrassing question to our server just to ensure the super fan with us got the full DD&D experience.  We ordered medium wings, suicide fries, and a pizza.  The suicide fries were hot, I mean sweating profusely hot but not too hot to eat.  What do you expect from a dish named suicide?  We ate every single fry and after our mouths had cooled we craved that spice again.  The pizza was doughy for my taste but still enjoyable as a great followup to our spicy fries.  The wings were good as well but I not a big buffalo sauce fan so the rest of the group ate those while I scooped up any last remnants of those fries... The only wish I have for the place was more options for beer.  I asked the server if there was any special beers and she named Shock Top as an option.... I ended up ordering a forgettable local brown ale.  I do know that not ever bar/restaurant is going to cater to my beer needs so I can't fault them entirely but... I can hope that maybe the next time I am there something better will sneak onto the menu.   Overall I was very happy we stopped here and if I find myself in Vegas again anytime soon I will head over to enjoy those fantastic fries.
I've loved in Vegas for over 8 years. I finally just heard about this "dive" and decided to give it a try. Naked City Pizza didn't fail to deliver. 

4 of us shared a pizza "home style pie" I think was the name? It was awesome. This is square cut pizza that has a great sauce and a thicker than average crust. SUPER tasty. 

The real gem here are the home made fried. We ordered the garlic and the divide fries. I got the sauce in the side after yelp warnings. Which was perfect advice. These are in fire! But sooooooo good. I kept some sauce for my crust too. But I dip one too many times because my mouth got so hot I had to make an emergency bathroom trip because I thought my mouth was going to burn me to death. With that being said, this place rocks. And contrary to some reviews, our service rocked. VERY nice and efficient wait staff. Ill be back many times to come in the future.
We returned for that deliciously sinful buffalo chicken dip. We also ordered a half sheet of the Pizza Bianco. Three of us filled up and we still had a few slices leftover. We reheated them the next day and I'd say those slices were even better than fresh. Nice flavor, thick crust. I wouldn't hestitate to order it again. I'm told the Bacon & Eggs is really special. I might just have to give that a whirl.
Searched for gravy fries or "poutin" in Las Vegas and came up with this place.
French fries, gravy and cheese...simple enough yet not offered in most places on the west coast.
I walked into this place and wanted to walk back out. Moon Doggies is a smoked filled local dive bar that houses a pizza shop inside. I was determined to get my poutine fries and ventured inside. Finally put my order in after standing at window for only 15 minutes, I figured how bad could it be?
Fries were greasy, gravy was something I could have heated up from a jar, cheese curds looked like tapioca balls that I thought were supposed to melt into a gooey cheese blanket but alas no. Overall, a disappointing but should have known better from the looks inside experience.
Will not be returning to this dirty dive. If you do go, get a HEP shot beforehand.
People seem to love dive bars and I'm not really a big fan.  Maybe it's because I'm getting old and crotchety.  I did like this place though and not everyone in the bar seemed like they wanted to punch me in the face when I walked in, so that was nice.  I knew what to expect before walking into Moon Doggies and had been looking forward to trying this pizza for a long time.  It was my heavyset brothers that finally got me to go and I'm very glad I did.

I expected the service to be downright garbage and was very suprised to have an attentive and polite waiter.  We order two Not So Wee pizzas along with some Pizza Logs and Poutine.  The pizza logs were incredible but the poutine was a little cold in the middle.  It still tasted good but cold cheese is not something on my 'favorites' list.  The pizza were great as well and this has to be one of my favorite types of crust ever.  Fairly thick but also pretty light tasting.  We were all big fans of this place and were very glad we came.

I think Naked City Pizza has a good thing going but it would be nice if they could get their own stand-alone place.  That's just me.  I would love to stop in here for a pizza again in the near future.  We brought a pieces home to my wife and she loved it as well.  Very good stuff!
Good people.
Good food.

However:
I once ordered pizza, and requested that the crust be made "thinner than usual". 
The response was "grunt...ok...i'll try...grunt".
Well it was still way too thick...and bready.
It must be a Buffalo thing.

They're not good at posting their specials online, either on facebook or their website, so you have to call or visit to figure out what the daily special is.
I've been wanting to try one of their "Turducken  Burgers", but I can never figure out when they're available.
It must be a Buffalo thing.

After this review, the next time i go in, they'll probably kick my ass.
That's definitely a Buffalo thing.

(I'll wear a disguise.)
Bianco Pizza- mozzarella, fontina, and parmesan cheese due business with some rich and creamy ricotta cheese and a housemade garlic sauce that will blow you away.  Better yet, its a classic brick oven style rectangular pie.  Pizza is a must here.

If you are really up to the challenge, bring along a few buddies that don't mind a little spice in their life, take down an order of fries or Buffalo wings made by a chef from Buffalo, New York covered in their super spicy 'SUICIDE' sauce.  This stuff is addictive, you will not want to stop eating them but once you do, the after burn is worse than the initial heat.  May need a beer or two to cool this inferno inside your body.  

Great place to stop in if in the area or if you would just like to step away from the craziness of the Vegas strip.
Went here once and had the ginny pizza, wow just mind-blowing. Would go back again and again. Service was great, and they have some nice wines.
I saw this place on The Food Networks Diners Drive Ins & Dives. So I said I have to try it. The suicide fries are awesome. Hot & flavorful.Just right. The pizza was some of the best I ever had. I had the Guinea Pie. Our waitress was Teresa. She was very friendly & helpful. We enjoyed this place so much we even bought their T-shirts. I will definitely return for a great meal at good price & friendly service.
Om nom nom nom. The pizza is delicious. I usually like NY style pizza more than thick or deep dish, but this crust is all fluffy and delicious like a supersoft unsalted pretzel. I tried the pepperoni and the chicken finger pizza, and they were both awesome with gooey, bubbling cheese. I don't normally like pepperoni, but it was seasoned and really well cooked. Pair it with a beer, and it is junk food heaven.

As for the atmosphere, I suppose it could be called a dive bar, but it isn't a very divey one. It seemed fairly clean for such a designation, aside from the glimpses of an unpleasant looking men's room I got each time the door opened (complete with dudes at the urinal) ;)

I didn't find it smokey, and I am not a fan of cigarette smoke. Perhaps this was a result of being there in the middle of the afternoon. The decor is an intriguingly tacky mix of surfing paraphernalia and 60s kitsch with glittery ceiling, and the staff is very friendly and easy going. The clientele was a mix of middle aged folks, casual business men, and chill 20 or 30 somethings.
I love the dive bar that it is in. The bartenders were nice and the guy working the pizza shop was nice also. 

We started out with the stuffed mushrooms and the pepperoni egg rolls.  The mushrooms were stuffed with delicious house made sausage and served with bell pepper ranch dipping sauce, very good.  The egg rolls were stuffed with pepperoni and mozzarella cheese in an egg roll wrapper and then deep fried.  They were good, but nothing special. 

We got two types of pizza. The first was the guineas pie.  Meatballs, spinach, white garlic sauce, and ricotta.  The second was the bacon and egg pizza with arugula, pancetta, white sauce, and brown eggs.  Both pizzas were good, at least the toppings were.  The thing I don't like about the pizzas was the crust.  It just didn't have enough flavor.  Very bland and chewy, needed salt. The meatballs had a lot of flavor and so did the white sauce. The bacon and egg pizza was the best with the salty pancetta and the arugula. 

Overall very good meal, I will go back.
You love dive bars? You love cheap beer? You love TOP QUALITY NOSH? 
You will LOVE this place.

Great bar to bring out-of-towners to; no strip-priced drinks, casual atmosphere and mind-blowing foodgasms.

It's got a super comfortable feel, as there's no dress code or VIP list to worry about, friendly bar-staff and anything you order is going to create some major-mouth-happiness.

I dig it.
I'm from Buffalo so I was soooo excited to see this pizza establishment! Whenever I am homesick for Buffalo I come here to dine and feel at home. I love it because they have loganberry which is a drink you can usually only find in Buffalo. Even if you're not from Buffalo you have to try it! I have yet to come here for a sports game but I really want to go soon to watch a Sabres game and again in the fall to watch a Buffalo Bills game. My uncle and I ordered out from their last night and got Guniea's Pie. This pie was featured on diners, drive in and dives so I really wanted to try it. I'm not usually a huge fan of white sauce but this pizza was AWESOME. This pie has meatballs, spinach, ricotta, sausage and white garlic sauce. The flavor was incredible. Another good pie is Back-Home pie which features thick tomato sauce, mixed with mozzarella, oregano and Parmesan, pepperoni, sausage with a garlic crust. If you are more a red sauce fan this pie is for you! This place is very casual and a great place to go if you are looking for something low key. The only downside is that it is in a bar so if you have a family you will have to order this pizza to go because you must be 21 or older to eat here.
This will be purely based on pizza and fries. Seriously. That's all I ate. Four different pizzas, and 3 different fries. I was in greasy fried and cheesy heaven.

I don't remember all the pizzas, but I do remember The Naked City, The Guinea, The Steak and Cheese, the garlic buns, the poutine, the suicide fries, and finally - the loaded potato. I think the Guinea might have been my favorite pizza, followed closely by the naked city. All the pizzas were very heavy (weight) and simply loaded with toppings. It is honestly a cheese filled bliss. The meats were all delicious. I was actually surprised how lean the sliced steak was. Impressive. The fries were just the icing on the cake.

I don't know how the drinks are, or anything else about the bar really. All I know is the junk food is fantastic.
Came in twice, wasn't impressed both times, poutine is not authentic had some pizza chimichanga things I came in once at 4pm and at 10:00pm same results. I tried!
Super Divey but GREAT PIZZA!  Cheap prices. Definitely recommend for a casual, quick bite and a beer!
Excellent pizza.  Stuffed mushrooms were divine.  We loved it.  Service was marginal.
Excellent pizza. We had the bacon and egg one. So rich. So good. The buffalo chicken dip is delicious too. This place is a dive but good atmosphere. Robert was a great server. I'd definitely come back.
Came here on a Friday afternoon. Business was fairly light.

Like most people that travel to Vegas, I heard about NCPS via DDD on the Food Network. This might be silly to say, but the thing that drew me in was the sound of a pizza cutter slicing through the sound enhanced crispy crust of one of their pies on TV.

The atmosphere is obviously a dive bar. Since we came while the sun was up, it wasn't noisy and not crowded in any respect. I'm sure if we came a little later in the day, it would have been standing room only, as there really isn't a LOT of room to sit.

We ordered a wee guinea pie and a wee loaded fries. The fries were a bit on the salty/over-seasoned side, but the sour cream, bacon and cheese helped cut through the saltiness. The pizza... oh the pizza...

The pizza was FANTASTIC. I'm usually not one for "white" pizzas, but this was really well done. The sauce wasn't overpowering but still had a great flavor that complimented the meatballs and spinach. The crust tasted just as good as it looked, it was thick without being too heavy or greasy. Overall, it was a very well made pie.

In a nutshell: The atmosphere isn't for everyone, but the food and service were top notch, enough for me to make another trip here next time I'm in Vegas.
As others have said, this isn't a classic pizza place. It's a bar, that serves pizza and sandwiches and such.

I should preface this by saying I judge all Italian food by the very high bar set growing up in NY. We don't often eat Italian food out because not much measures up... 

We had sandwiches, not pizza. They were good. Good enough that yes, we are willing to try the pizza when we're back in town but not so good we'd rush there 1st thing.

This review shouldn't imply there is anything wrong with giving it a go - just be aware of your unavoidable childhood prejudices ;-)
Great food great crowd...a good time place...
This little local secret is hidden inside Moon Doggies. If you are getting pizza from them I recommend the smallest size.. more than enough for one, its great to share. They have a couple off the wall pizzas which are pretty dang tasty. I won't give out any directions to the place... you just have to hope you are lucky enough to stumble upon it!
Naked City has the best pizza in town.  The steak and cheese, add peppers is to die for!  The fries Mama mia!  Beef sandwiches....like french dip.  we went after saw on Triple d, been back 5 times in 6 weeks!
Stopped in for the pizza since it had been featured on Dives, Diners and Drive-Ins.  This place is unabashedly a dive. 

It was pretty busy, so service was slow. It looked like there was one waitress (Possibly two) for everywhere that wasn't a bar.  She was friendly, but if you are going somewhere after dinner, plan accordingly.

When we arrived there was a hockey game on, so the sound from the game wasn't too much of a distraction, but when they turned off the game and put on the music, WOW IT WAS LOUD. I mentioned how absurdly loud it was, but the waitress was either deaf from always listening to loud music or didn't hear me. Bring your ear plugs if you are averse to loud noises.  Seriously, Airplane takeoff's are not this loud. The volume was up so loud that one of the speakers would occasionally cut out.

The Pizza we ordered was very good, and even at the "Wee" size is enough for two.  We saw a table of three order the "Frickin' Huge" size and I doubt they were able to finish it.  It wasn't the best Pizza I've ever had, but it is certainly deserving of its reputation of a good pie.

Overall, if we were to return in future visits to Vegas we would get our Pizza to go. The loud noise, in addition to the bar smoke (Its a bar, so I expect people to smoke, especially in Vegas, the worlds largest smoking area) make the ambiance a little more dive than I'd like to spend time in.
I agree with all the bars, dive,its dark, blah blah blah reviewers but who cares it's Vegas. Waitress was also nice and kind of overworked it seemed but still attentive. I ordered the not so wee guinea to share and it was amazing and just as good as advertised truly one of the better pizza'a I've had and I've been to n.y. several times...Oh and it was huge took 6 slices to- go. Buffalo chicken dip was great also, fresh and tasty. Loved this place will be back.
I ordered the Naked Pie for pick up- told 40 minutes to pick up.  I don't understand all the raves about this pizza or place.  I don't mind divey, but this place was just sad.  The pizza was fine, but the pepperoni and sausage both tasted very cheap and unmeatlike.  Just a preference thing, I don't like "square" pizza.
Really good pizza. We had the half sheet Fat Boy. Awesome small pepperoni that crisped up around the edges perfectly. The edge pieces went first but the 2 center pieces looked great too with cheese from edge to edge. Stopped by for lunch and the place was just the right amount of busy - not swamped but the waitress (Theresa) had to keep on her toes. She was great and offered great advice on which pizza to ordered. If we lived closer we could eat here once a week in order to try them all. My hat is off to them!
My husband and I love to try new pizza places. We went a few days ago to Naked City Pizza Shop and paid $45 for a salad, appetizer, and two 12" pizzas. We were hesitant, but we decided to give it a try... The crust was horrible!... I don't know what they're doing, but it tastes like frozen pizza.
The pepperoni is so small and looks odd. We won't go there again. The food is bad and overpriced.
April 27, 2013 Saturday - dinner 6:30 PM
4 adults 

Atmosphere - 4 stars
Food - 5 stars
Service - 5 stars

Background - We are here because of Food Networks Diners, Drive Up and Dives.  The bonus is that is a Buffalo NY pizza place!  I was born in Buffalo and visit my family out there, I wish I could visit more often.

Atmosphere - A bar with a kitchen.  As we walked up I noticed a sign indicating you must be over 21 to enter.  Very rare in Nevada, I do not think I have seen a sign like this since my last visit to North Dakota.  So a cozy dimly lit place filled with Buffalo Bills and Sabres stuff.  We sat at a curved booth and noticed right away that the table would rock badly if any weight was put on it.

Food
  Drink - Normally I do not comment on it but since this all about Buffalo I will.  So I asked if they had Genny, for those who don't know that is Genesse out of Rochester NY.  They did not have it.  So she started listing off so common Canadian beers that you can get in Buffalo.  Then she said Loganberry, my wife said I lit up like a kid on Christmas day.  It is a hybrid berry that they make into a drink, I love it!

  Appetizer - Wings of course, 20, two orders, a hot and medium.  I think we got all hot which was fine with me.  Good size, all had a good amount of meat on them. 

  My Main Course - Duh pizza!  We got a half tray.  Memories of eating pizza in Buffalo in my Aunt and Uncle's house flood me.  The tray reminds of grade school of lunch room pizza, this aint that pizza!  We ordered half pepperoni and half cheese.  The best thing about Buffalo pizza is that the pepperoni's, they are tiny compared to standard pepperoni.  When they cook they curl up to hold the grease.  These little pieces are heaven on a bed of cheese.  The pizza was loaded with cheese and was so gooey. 

  Dessert - Really I gorged myself on pizza!

Service - 0ne waitress worked about 8 tables, and she worked it!  Bonus is that she is from Buffalo!

Future - I can see future visits to this place on my visits to Vegas!
Please take "delivery" off Yelp status, or put the hours that delivery is actually available!  I have called at least 4 times for delivery and they never have a delivery driver available. I asked When is a good time to call for delivery, and they said 'try the weekend'.

I ate there once with a large group of friends, and loved the food, especially the Guinea.
If you don't mind the smell of smoke, you won't regret this place.

The service is slow  and not the friendliest but the food is very good. 

We had the"back home" (?) Pizza with traditional wings. Both were very good.  

Next time I'm in Vegas, I will definitely come here again.
I live close to this place and decided to tryit out based on the reviews.....the pizza itself was ok.....not bad. Im sure i wouldve loved it after a night of drinking. In my opinion there was way too much cheese, the ratio of cheese to sauce was off. The service was ok and the bartenders......well...... typical dive bar all in all a descent place, i would frequent this place again and i would order a pizza again but with half the amount of cheese
I admit we went here because of DDD (Guy Fieri).  The dive atmosphere did not disappoint.  Good bartender, even though the bar was wet/sticky.  We ordered wings and pizza.  The wings were very good, as was the pizza, although it took a very long time before the food came out.  

The food was good, but they don't have the ability to handle the popularity of this place.  It's a tiny kitchen with one person cooking.
Chef Chris knows what he is doing when it comes to food. Yes the pizza is great but all the food we've tried is almost too good for the concept! Not much for the area of town, however, when you walk in, the atmosphere is awesome. Not intimidating to guests and very friendly. We have eaten here many times, and it usually is a twice a month venture (which is a lot for the wife and I). Great pizza place- HIGHLY recommended!
This menu is a fat kid's dream come true!!!!!!  Just look at some of the combos and toppings they got on these pizzas!!  This comes pretty close to last meal/end of the world type food for me.  

If you have a "cheat day" on your schedule, you might want to make it a "cheat week" after ingesting all these glorious calories, saturated fat and cholesterol at one sitting.  We ordered a full Royal sandwich and the wee (smallest) Guinea pie which is really not wee at all could feed 3 Japanese people for lunch alone.  

I now know why The Royal was rated one of the best sandwiches in Vegas last year by LV Weekly.  I loved how they just made the Italian sausage into one huge patty layered with all this cappicola and mozzarella.  A total flavor explosion!  The Guinea pie was equally as awesome with meatballs, spinach and cheese, cheese, cheese.  I really liked the thick crust.  

We had no shot at finishing everything but they made for some great leftovers the next day.  Tons of other menu items I look forward to having like "The Stinger" which features chicken fingers, steak, three cheeses, hot & sweet peppers, blue cheese and lettuce in one sandwich!!  What??????  That's Man vs Food type shiznit right there!

I also dug all the rock music they played in the bar.  Service was very friendly too.  This is also a Buffalo Bills bar so be warned.
Craving some pizza I checked google maps and found this spot. I personally love dive bars because it reminds me of my youth practically living in strip clubs. Hockey was playing on the TV screens and there was a small crowd, but service was great. We ordered the Fat Boy not so wee pizza pie and we ate as much as we could and hung out for awhile play Agricola on IPAD. Once the hockey game was over they played some good old fashion rock with a little pop thrown in from time to time. One of the speakers were going in and out, but I just felt like it added to the ambiance. Best pizza I've ever had.
Found this place on the Triple D site and had to go. We were staying on the strip so took a cab. There is a little sign above a black door with a door bell button on the right. Don't need to buzz just walk in.
We weren't sure we were at the right place when we walked in but the staff was friendly and assured us we were. Pretty typical dive bar atmosphere, the owner is from Buffalo so there was a ton of Buffalo stuff on the walls which was nice as that is the area we are from. We ordered two wee's to split between four of us: 

The Ginuea: This was featured on the show so we tried it. Fantastic!! The sauce was what put it over the top for me.

The Margarita: I was a little disappointed in the lack of sauce and basil(I was just expecting/wanted more) but every one thought it was good.

We finished with the fried dough: powdered sugar, chocolate sauce and fried=mmmmm.

We inquired about getting a cab to get back to the strip and the waitress called one up for us. I told her I would include her name and I forgot it (I'm very sorry!) but she was great. If I go back to Vegas I'll definitely go back. Even with the bar bill and tip it was cheaper than anywhere else we ate and as good or better.
Since we're relatively new to living in LV we've been looking for a great pizza place.  We finally heard about Naked City Pizza Shop from Diners, Drive-ins and Dives web site.  This place was a great experience - from the Buffalo memorabilia to the over the top wonderful pizza.  Pizza had the BEST flavor!  We wished we had room to eat more of it.
Only complaint would be the servers - very, very slow and unfriendly.  Wish management would improve on this.
Stopped here one night just to try the suicide fries and they definitely live up to their name -- Really, really spicy! The ranch dipping sauce they come with is necessary to cool down the hotness. They were good, but I didn't love them. The pizza looked really good so I'd go back to try that.
One of the Las Vegas treasures. Best Pizza in town. Great and helpful staff. I try to order different pizza on every trip, and now I have 9 favorites !!!
I've had a few things here and they have all been good. I tried this place after seeing it on DDD and it really is a dive. I tried the Royal first which is a sausage sandwich and then the Guinea's Pie. Both were really good. I would recommend take out though. The atmosphere is a little rank.
Suicide F'in Fries.  Crazy.  Saw them on TV had to try them.  It was worth it, but didn't like the atmosphere nor location.  Server was very nice.  Indoor smoking isn't my thing either when I eat.  Stupid Californian, I know.  I don't like cigs.
It's really closer to 4 stars  but not quite, the food is great, haven't had anything I didn't like but the service really brings the rating down.  It's not the the staff isn't friendly or helpful it's just that every time I've been here there is only one waitress so you are constantly waiting for service.  

Enough about the service, let's talk about the food...the suicide fries are incredible.  I love spicy and consider that I can handle the heat but these are HOT, I think my lips were a bit swollen even. Needless to say though these are pretty much the sole reason I come to Naked City Pizza.  The pies are great too, I've tried about 5 different ones, the chicken finger and fatboy are my faves. The portions are huge, the wee is 6 huge slices.  

All in all a great place to try.  Just don't forget it's in a bar so no kids.
This little gem is located inside MoonDoggie's Bar on the left toward the back of the bar. For a pizza joint to be open until 3am, this is just what I need in the middle of the night when I can't head over to Amore's Taste of Chicago.

I ordered a pepperoni pizza, just a half sheet, for two of us. This was PLENTY of food, and we ended up bringing half of it home. The pizza was only like $15 and was ready quickly. The bartender at MoonDoggie's was also really friendly, though his personal selection of music from his iPod varied from heavy metal to R&B music lol.

I would have rated the pizza a 7 out of 10 (with 5 being an average pizza). The dough was great, the pepperoni was great, but the cheese was where they missed. The cheese was tasteless and I had to add a little bit of salt and peppers to give the pizza that zing that I was looking for.

I'll definitely be back to Naked City Pizza for a pie.
At first we came or the Taco Tuesday, but the flavors just weren't there.  So we switched to the pizza, we ordered the steak and cheese and it was SLAMMIN'!  I'm craving more of it today. Next time I'm gonna try the covered fries and a different pie.  I found my new pizza spot!!!!!
Stumbled in here one night for drinks with a few friends, it just looked like your average hole in the wall bar. With that being said the drinks were amazing and i had a great time. I later saw this place on the food network and was shocked, i had no idea that they served FOOD!!!!! Lol, BEST PIZZA IN VEGAS!!!! They have my vote :)
PS: The wings and suicide fries are also equally amazing...
The suicide fries are so good, they made me want to live a little longer. love the ambiance of the place. if you are brave enough to adventure out to a little dive bar you will not be disappointed.
For all you Triple D Fan's don't bring your kids. I went here to try another spot on the Triple D list and I'm starting to doubt Guy's taste bud's, he is 50/50 so far in my book. Drove into town looking to try a good eating spot. Went here with family and got a big surprise once we got there. It's a bar/lounge nothing for the Fam. Being from the Windy City I know good pizza. I felt like we ordered a hot n ready from Little Caesar's. It wasn't nasty but it will not get any recommendations from me.

When I got there it was a guy out front drinking a beer, he said he owned two tattoo shops, and he was pumping the place up saying, everything was good. Hahaha it amazes me how different people taste's are telling them something is good versus what is really good. I'm totally convinced that if there were a taste test to prove that some foods are not as good as others, I think a lot of people would like the crap food over the good flavorful foods.

 I also ordered the wings with all the sauces I like my sauce on the side so I can actually taste the wings and my wings were dry and brittle. The sauces were typical. I get better wings at Buffalo Wild Wings and sauces to. 

The fries were rubbery and soft nothing to brag about, I was really disappointed with my order, but I'm sure it's hit or miss when you do take out, but nothing can save that pizza flavor, it doesn't matter if the pizza is cold or hot when it's good it's good, and this pizza needs some more flavor added to it. 

Other posts on here mentioned the staff and I had a little blond help me with my order and she was making me feel like I was asking for to much when I asked for more Ketchup. She wasn't pleasant at all. Oh and speaking of the ketchup. I heard they make their own, they should stick to buying it from the market. Not at all impressed with the watered down taste. 

I may try this place some other time to see if it will be better dinning in. But for now based on the amateur Pizza, dry ass wings and lack luster fries this place is getting Two Stars.
How does this place only have 3 stars? Yes the place is a little divey actually a lot and the service is sub-par and they give you warm water. But how doesn't the back home or guniea pizza pie make up for it...some of the best pizza in Vegas! Cheap brews large domestic around 3 bucks, nice laid back atmosphere. Great place to get a couple drinks before you hit the strip or head downtown. I set the record on the boxing machine 967 so umm good luck to everyone on that.
After realizing there is a buzz about this place being on the Food Network, I had a chance to stop by here for lunch!  A friend and I shared a Guinea's Pie.  This pie comes with meatballs, spinach, ricotta, white garlic sauce and mozzarella cheese, and was the one featured on Diners, Drive Ins & Dives.  The show made it look really good, so we had to try it!

The pizza, cut up into squares, was quite tasty.  The dough was well crafted, and the cheese was high quality.  The ricotta comes in a thin layer I think, and blended really well with the mozzarella giving it a slight creaminess.  The spinach was light and went really well with the pizza. Probably the most impressive thing about this pie was the sausage.  According to the show they make the sausage from scratch, starting with grinding the meat.  It was superb!  

The bar that Naked City is in is nothing special unless you long for Buffalo, NY.  Bills posters line the walls, the dark dive bar atmosphere lit lightly with blue lights.  The service was top notch and fast.  The water was served from flip top bottles and tasted filtered and fresh.  The beer selection was a little weak, but they did have a local Tenaya Creek beer on draft that made up for it.  

Is this the best pizza in town?  It is damn good, and probably the best "Buffalo" style pizza I have had, however there is at least one pizza place that goes above and beyond this one (however it is more of a NY style pizza).  Your tastes may vary.  In any case, this spot is worth a try for sure!
We were on another road trip, so that means! Looking up and see what food joint has been on TV? Naked City was on DDD, never seen the episode and was very skeptic about eating here? With my wife, daughter and her boyfriend with me. It was around 11:00 pm, after our Les Miserables show at The Smith Center. Wasn't sure if I wanted to bring my wife and daughter here? Place is not in the best area, and it's inside of a bar!! Moondoggies! But after we sat down and trying to talk with each other with the screaming, yelling, rock music on! We started to eat our food! Now with the shift change at the bar, the music changed! All of sudden we started to hear Journey, Boston, and Chicago! Music we can just lay back and listen to! Got myself my first Red Apple Ale, which I sucked down in 1 min! Now back to the food, we order three large ground beef tacos! Order the small! Large is like a burrito, just to large and ask for cheese, doesn't come with? There taco sauce is more of a buffalo wing sauce? I had no problem with it, it was different. But the girls did not like it! We also ordered a large pepperoni pizza, daughter ordered a side of large fries! Fries were very good, daughter loved it, can't really explain it? But there fries are different, and very good. Now their pizza! We all loved it, I can seriously say this was probably my favorite pizza of all time! Dough was thick but very crispy! I love the thin and crispy, when I seen the thickness of this I wasn't sure about it at first! Very cheesy, perfect amount of sauce and pepperoni were very good. Think I found my pizza place in Vegas! Glad we stopped by, had a great time to end our evening.
Well I specifically picked this place because it was featured on Food Network's Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.  The show featured the Suicide Fries and the Guinea's Pie (Pizza Pie that is).  My husband had the Chicken Finger Pie and I tried the Guinea's Pie b/c I love sausage, spinach and cheese.  This pie is on a delicious chewy crust with a little bit more than a hint of garlic but not too much.  The in-house sausage was good but the combination was just OK.  I think the sauce is creamy enough but no real taste.  Needed a little something.  My husbands Chicken Finger pie was also tasty but not spectacular.  My enjoyment of the pizza was ruined by the smokey smell.  The place is inside a bar,which is dark and kinda icky.  You can't bring your family here b/c children are not allowed in a bar.  I wouldn't go back.  I have followed a lot of DDD featured restaurants and this one did not live up to the hype.  Nice wait staff....not too slow.
Best Pizza in Vegas hands down! I had the Guinea Pie! If it is your time this is a must have!
I am not a fan of bars but I would have eaten here every day of our trip had my husband been agreeable. The staff was excellent and the food even better. We had medium wings and a Naked City Pizza. The food was delicious. I was super pleased. The prices ... oh my gosh - so inexpensive. I loved the place, despite the location, tho - it adds to the experience, so all in all, I wouldn't change a thing!
Awesome pizza. Awesome suicide fries. Awesome stuffed mushrooms. Awesome fried dough. Simply awesome!!
Definitely a dive, but in all the right ways.

The waitress was nice, helpful, and quick (and really cute too).

The suicide fries definitely bring the heat, but it doesn't linger too long, so you're not wishing for death later in the night. Nice and hot while you're eating, but gone when you're out in the casinos later that night.

The Guinea's Pie pizza was excellent. Probably one of the better pizza's I've had, if we're being honest. The meatballs on the pizza are awesome by themselves, but combined with the ricotta, garlic sauce, spinach, and mozzarella it really turns into something super-powered.

Stop by if you're in Vegas, you'll be glad you did.
Great service from Bartender. Had the Royal sandwich, which was delish on first few bites, but then it became kind of one-note. Just taste the salty sausage and not much else. They need to add pickled veggies or something to counterbalance the saltiness of the sausage. Overall, cant complain too much since it was a great value at $10. Don't go here for the Ambiance though.
I placed a 60 dollar order and left 10 bucks for the delivery driver via the online ordering system. I received a call about 15 minutes later saying that they don't deliver to the strip. This place is literally a mile and a half away from my hotel. 

It's sad that a "Buffalo" bar would turn down a big order from a former buffalonian (which they could tell from my 716 area code). What a shame.
Talk about great food!!!! I moved to Vegas about a month ago and this place is still my favorite eatery thus far! The pizza was phenomenal! We got the fat boy and the guinea pie, both of which were stellar! Also, tasty sandwiches!!! I'm so glad this place is walking distance of my house! Definitely my top pick!!!!! Get naked city pizza!!!!!!!!
Fabulous food. Great dive bar. You gotta try the suicide fries!   They are rock star.  Pizza was fabulous. The beer is ICE cold. Really you gotta try the suicide fries.  I'm writing this with beads if sweat on my bald head.  Great stuff!
Came here for a late lunch on Saturday. Both the Moon Doggies bartender and waitress for the NCP seating area were friendly. The two of us ordered the stuffed mushrooms, he ordered the beef on weck, and I tried a slice of the pepperoni (I like to order a piece of just cheese or pepperoni to test how tasty a place's most basic pizzas are without adding other flavors into the mix yet).

For the stuffed mushrooms, $9 seemed kind of steep for 6 small ones. They were decently tasty, & accompanied by a creamy sauce & strips of mild peppers, but I wouldn't pay $9 for them again.

The beef on weck resembled what it was supposed to be, though the meat was thinner & more overcooked than you'd usually see, it didn't come with any horseradish or a pickle, and the bun didn't seem to have been dipped in au jus (all normal hallmarks of this type of sandwich). Overall, it was a fairly boring version of beef on weck that neither of us would likely get again.

The pepperoni pizza had two kinds of cheeses -- a bottom layer of sliced cheese that tasted like provolone, and shredded mozzarella sprinkled on top, only partially melted. It felt and tasted overall like an undercooked frozen pizza. I wouldn't order it again, either. Though it was a good size (TWSS), and it wasn't the worst $2.50 slice of pizza I've ever had (the dough/crust is pretty nice; soft on the inside, with a crustier outside), it was no higher than a 3-4 out of 10.

For now, I'll award a 3 and hope that when I'm able to return and try a specialty pizza, it'll warrant keeping that score.
We'll my review is only based on the fact that nobody came to our table to wait on us. After 10 minutes of sitting there with nobody  paying attention to us, we got up and left.
Garlic buns, salad, chicken strips and pizza are all excellent.
Oh my this place is a diamond in the ruff..amazingly deelish food!!
Located inside a little dive bar, this place is a hidden gem. Who doesn't enjoy yummy food and cheap drinks? 

Favorites: Guinea's pie, back home pie, loaded potato fries and suicide fries

Warning: the suicide sauce is spicy,but AMAZING.
When I order the suicide fries, I ask for the sauce on the side so you can decide how much sauce to use and the sauce is good with the pizza!

Every person visiting Vegas That i have brought  here always wants to go back! Just writing about this place is making me hungry...
Just picked up this pizza and eating for the first time, totally my style with lots of crunchy crust and great tasting sauce. Best part is I live down the street so will be ordering this all the time now !!
This dive bar was super quiet when we were there, but it was a Wednesday night at 10pm. The booths are great to enjoy a meal, although that late you have to go up and order food at the kitchen and drinks at the bar. The portions are HUGE and filling. We got the smallest size pizza and it would have been enough between two, but we wanted to try the suicide fries. Those bad boys are HOT. Super hot. Be warned.
Only thing wrong with bar that I could find is it is a bit of a dive, if you really consider that a problem, which I don't! While I can't rate all the food the guineas pie was off the hook!!!!!!! The pricing was great 4 of us ate and had drinks and we're less than $50 bucks with tip
I saw this on TV and went to visit my boyfriend inn Vegas. Hands down by far the best pizza I have ever had...and I've had a LOT of pizza. He moved home to Cleveland shortly after I went to visit and we have been taking about seeing if they will overnight us a pie...addiction!

 The crust is perfect and the toppings are amazing.very food combos and creativity. I hasn't been back to Vegas twice since then and cannot miss this gem! 

You guys are doing amazing! Keep up the good work!!
Love the food! I haven't had anything I dint like. I always go when I'm in Vegas. The only thing that's weird is that they have separate billing for the bar & the food. They had to charge my card twice.  The service was average, the waitress wasn't very attentive. The bartender has to bring it to her attention when someone came in.
Decent pizza, but nothing more. It is definitely a dive. I think the Food Network should take this place off their site, since the food is not really special. The cheese is good, but the sauce is average, and so is the case for the crust. Wouldn't come back when I visit Vegas, considering the location is out of the way.
I've come full circle.  This was actually the very first review I gave on Yelp, warranted by a terrible experience I had here.  I was very reluctant and stubborn to try this place again, but my husband finally convinced me to.

Naked City has been redeemed by its food.  The food is really great here.  The poutine fries were something I had never tried/heard of before, but were super tasty.  I have tried two of their pasta specials, which have very interesting and surprising ingredients like crab and butternut squash pieces.  And the pizza is doughy and flavorful.  I like the food a lot, I'll give them that.

BBBBUUUUTTTT.  I still absolutely hate the fact that this place is inside Moondoggies Bar.  That bar is a disgusting, dark, cigarette-smoke filled, urine-reeking bathroom, dingy place.  I do not like trying to eat my yummy food in that place.  How do they get away with having the restaurant in a smoky bar anyway?  Didn't they pass a law that says you can't smoke where there's food?  Naked City needs to get its own building to make it more welcoming and enjoyable.
I live in Los Angeles but always make it a point to swing by this place whenever I'm in Vegas. Never disappointed. The suicide frys are a must - but be warned ; not for the weak, you will sweat. We also usually get the wings which are always cooked to perfection. You've got to give this place a try - they live up to the hype.
This is where you go for pizza in Vegas. Only go somewhere else if you want to punish yourself for being bad. If for some reason you don't feel like pizza you will find the other food there to be top notch and sometimes a little scary because you would not expect the kind of quality and taste you get from here in a kitchen attached to a bar. Look out for the cute bartender, she'll steal your heart!
Suicide fries are to die for! :) Spicy, but if you can tolerate it, they're totally worth it! Also had the Guinea pizza. Delicious! I would also recommend the chicken wings!
I guess if I was drinking... scratch that... if I was drunk the pizza would be AMAZING! But so would del taco. I had been to Moon Doggies years ago and thought it was a cool little dive bar and the food at Naked City Pizza fits right into that category. Dive bar food. Ordered the "Back Home Pizza" online (bonus points for easy online ordering!) and got the half sheet for $18. Pictures online and on Yelp looked pretty good. Was ready when I arrived (on time) and my small interaction with the person at the window was not enough to judge service. Soon as we walked out I opened box and knew I had probably made a mistake. This did not look as good as it did in the pics and it looked like cheap ingredients. I was right.
I regretfully devoured 4 slices as I was pretty hungry. But that doesn't change the fact that I was wishing I had a better pizza to eat. I can't speak for the rest of the food there as this was all I got.
They get 3 stars only because its fair (I guess) for the price and its in a dive bar so I shouldn't have expected as much as I did. Drunk food is all I can say it is at this point.
Must have gone on an off night. Have heard good things about the pizza here, and really wanted to like it, but the pizza dough, sauce and (veggie) toppings were all completely bland and tasteless :(
YMMV...
Came here for some late night pizza. The pizza was, as always, delicious, but the service was absolutely horrible. The bar tenders took 45 min to take our order and made us wait while they "changed shifts" which included them changing out the drawer and then goofing off and taking shots together. The male bartender was exceptionally rude and never even bothered to ask us if we needed a drink refill. Total of an hour and a half and we were served one beer. Waited anther 20 minutes for a to go box and to pay. They only helpful person there was the cook. I failed to mention that my friend and I were the only 2 people in the entire place. Both bar tenders should be fired.
Saw this on TV, decided to try some off-the-strip eat joints.  Was difficult to find, did not know it was going to be co-located inside of a dive bar.  But the dive bar was pretty cool and laid back.  Got a huge huge pizza for $24 that 3 of us could not finish.  We took the leftovers with us and still munched on them on the strip the next day.

Cheap, good pizza.
Me and my husband saw this restaurant and dinner drive and dives in the foot network channel. And i said to myself next time we go to Vegas were going to check this place out so we did the pizza was awesome the suicide fries were too die for the service was awesome the people were so friendly I recommend this restaurant to everyone if your ever in Vegas you need to go to this place it's the bomb......
TIP: The pizza joint is open until 3am, so it's perfect for late night pick up!!

On the corner of Arville and DI, Naked City Pizza is located inside Moon Doggies Bar.  Such a chill establishment.  The pizza's great and fairly priced--$16 for a medium.  The medium is huge and fed 5 famished girls at 2am in the morning--with leftovers.  Unfortunately, they don't deliver at that time, but I came in for pick-up.  We were staying at the Artisan so it wasn't too far away.  The guy that took my order over the phone was cool, and he was finished with the pizza right when I got there.  The bartender was super sweet; gave me a free shot since it was just my birthday.  Definitely gonna hit this place up again!
Saw this place on TV and decided to try it out. If you like the dive bar atmosphere then this is thr place for you. Great food, cheap drinks, and great service.
Wow. What a dive. But that's ok, Pizza Cat likes dives. 

It's not really a shop, it's more like a corner, as in the corner of a bar with a kitchen and a door. 

The door is plastered with accolades from various press, so it can't be all bad, riiiight? All these people can't be wrong, riiiiight? For example The Royal Sub won LV Weekly Best Sandwich, so Pizza Cat tried half a sub for $7. It has italian sausage, cappicola and mozzarella. And that's exactly what you get, those ingredients, smashed into a tasty roll. LOL. Not bad, the cappicola was high quality and the italian sausage tasted a lot like Johnsonville and Pizza Cat likes Johnsonville sausage. Presentation was sloppy but how can you go wrong with a heaping of those ingredients on a fresh roll? For $7, it was a tasty sammie. 

Now Pizza Cat prefers to smoke but on occassion she will take a sip. Being inside the super-divey Moondoggies has its advantages, such as a full bar. She meandered to where a handful of locals were guffhawing over some guy puking on the TV (true story). She told the cute bartender, something light and fruity (cuz Pizza Cat can't afford any more DUIs) and under $10. The bartender proceeded to take out an 18 oz red cup (like at a BYOB party, yes, that red cup) and guzzle an interesting mixture of rum, something sweet and more rum. He presented it with a smile and said, "$5." 

$5!!!! Yeeesh. This is the Vegas, baby. 

So Pizza Cat waited for her food and proceeded to get toasted. She realized halfway through her sippy cup that the bartender had hooked her up and she was going nowhere soon. Good thing the food took so damn long to make. 

After 30 mins or so Pizza Cat was rewarded with a big azz pizza, which they called a wee, but it's not wee at all, and it was heaped with meatballs, fresh spinach and globs of ricotta. For $13 it was a hell of a deal. 

Now, if this was K.D., and a drunk K.D. at that, the pizza would've been fine, but Pizza Cat is a cat and Pizza Cat says the dough is nasty and the pizza is sloppy. But who cares what Pizza Cat thinks??? She is drunk, in a dive bar with other drunks, laughing at Adult Swim. Life does not get better than this. 

Viva Las Vegas. Viva Naked City Pizza.
My second time coming here. The food is a must in Vegas!  Last time I came here the wait was a little long and service was so so, but the food by far made up for it. This time device has been great, also!!
Place is a true dive. Dark and a little dingy and had the feel of a place that attracts locals and regulars. The bartender was very friendly and overall I felt comfortable,

I had 2 pieces of pizza by the slice:

Pepperoni slice: Wasn't very good at all. You don't expect pizza by the slice to be fresh so I was willing to overlook the fact that it tasted old, but I don't think that it was originally a pepperoni pizza. It looked and tasted like it was a slice of cheese pizza that they just threw some pepperoni on top of and heated up because the pepperoni wasn't heated through like it should've been had it spent as much time in the oven as the rest of the pizza.

Chicken Parm (slice of the day): This was actually pretty good besides the fact that it too, tasted like it had been out a long time. The crust that they use is a little thicker than I prefer but the breaded chicken on it was tasty. 

Philly cheesesteak rolls: First off they give you 4 big rolls for 7 bucks which is an awesome value. The first bite wasn't overly impressive but these things are addicting and get better with every bite. Crispy egg roll shell, steak, onions and peppers, and cheddar some how come together into this crunchy, savory, and cheesy bite of goodness.

Chicken Fingers: Looking at them I thought they may be frozen but they tasted fresh and very good. Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside covered in a tasty buffalo sauce.

Overall, I liked my meal. I'm not going to be extra critical on the pizza that I knew wouldn't be fresh. The prices are very reasonable, food was tasty, people were friendly. I'd go back but would try fresh pizza ;).
Good food, crappy service.  Been here before,  but the service tonight was unacceptable.  We ordered a pizza,  fries and waters.  Had to wait long after our glasses were Empy for refils, and after we finished eating,  we waited over 30 minutes for our server to check in and see if everything was okay. At that point we simply wanted to leave and asked for a box and our check,  but we ended up waiting an extra 15 minutes for that.
the place was not packed by any means.  The only positive was green olives on the pizza.....
Dark, loud and smoky, but that didn't bother me, so much as the fact that our server (who was very sweet) put in our drink order and it took upwards of 30 minutes to get 3 diet cokes, a sprite, 3 waters and 2 beers. That was the first sign that we were in trouble. We ordered 2 wee pizzas and then one of the really big ones split between two flavors (the Naked City and the Guinea). The kitchen reportedly messed up and made those as two separate medium sized pizzas (not a big deal at all) except that they forgot about the Guinea all together, so they made one for us about an hour and a half into the experience. Then another server took our fresh pizza and took it to another table, so then that had to make another. We actually never got the original order until after we had paid and were walking out the door three hours into the journey. We brought home the Guinea and reheated it for dinner and it was awesome. Fries are solid and would definitely recommend the Guinea pizza. Not so much for the overall experience.
Pizza is terrific!! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Service is just OK as it is a busy bar
This place is tough to find!  It's inside another bar.  When we finally got the nerve to go inside, we knew we were in the right spot.  No windows, just some funky mix and match tables and chairs.  The place was pretty crowded since apparently DDD was just on the night before. 

The poor waitress was SWAMPED!  She was super nice but could have used some serious help.  We ordered the suicide fries.  It was a pretty large order.  There were just two of us and we struggled to finish them, mainly because of the heat.  We needed more ranch and water, but the poor waitress never came by.  We didn't even eat the peppers on top!  The sauce was spicy enough.  Don't get me wrong, they were really tasty.

We each got a slice of pizza.  I got the Specialty of the day, chicken parm and my friend got cheese.  Love the crust.  My one complaint would be that it is too much cheese.  I just pulled a little bit off.  I couldn't finish my one slice, it was plenty.  My friend raved that this was some of the best pizza she has had, and that's saying a lot coming from her.  We were glad we went!

Oh, and FYI, No kids allowed here.
Saw on triple DDD. Pizza is best in town. Suicide fries were good but not as hot as I had hoped. Will be back again.
It's been a couple weeks since I was in Vegas, but I am still dreaming about a couple places, this is one of them! Found this place randomly, as we were driving around and just searching pizza on my maps. So happy we were closest to this joint, we took a gamble and won! When we walked in all we saw was a dive bar, not knowing if we were in the right spot, but we  walked in a little further and saw a small window in the wall, low and behold, this is where you order! There was only one girl working, it was almost 2am and she was pregnant! Not knowing what to expect, we were taken back by the awesomeness of this place!  We got a veggie and cheese pizza and a side of french fries. HUGE servings for a ridiculously low price.  We got everything to go and it held up perfectly until we got to our hotel. Thick crust pizza with tasty toppings, and deliciously seasoned fries (no sauce needed, and I usually always need ranch for dipping).  She did a fantastic job, we were so appreciative. Such a great end to our night:)
Birthday dinner!  Poutine Fries and Suicide Fries, "Fricken Huge" is a lot of food and a great price.  Pizza was pretty awesome too, the cheese was real and the sauce was very tasty.  Because my son was 18 we couldn't eat in the bar but we had excellent service next door at Desnudo Tacos.
If this is what Guy Fieri thinks is notable, I would wonder what the quality of his restaurants consist of. I ordered a Ceasar salad, Philly cheesesteak rolls and a half sheet of the " back home" pizza. The salad was sparse to say the least. It had so little Romaine lettuce in it that we had to go back in to ask if it was a full order. To their credit the dressing was good.  The Philly  rolls were gross, just greasy and flaccid. Granted I have never had a philly roll before, but if this is the standard, all other restaurants that carry this item might want to rethink that decision. We decided to try the " back home " pizza because we were told that it was very garlicky and we love garlic. The pizza was half burnt with sparse topping and a one note flavor. Just not great. I live in Las Vegas, but have lived all over the country. I understand that Las Vegas is not known for its pizza, but I guarantee that if you stop at any regular mom and pop pizza place your food will be better than Naked City Pizza. This is the second place in town that was on Triple D, and I know now that if I see a restaurant on that show it means. I was excited to try this place and was really disappointed. It's not cheap either by the way.  DO NOT GO.!!!!!!!
So I was told this place was good, it may have been but I didn't stay long enough to find out. Obviously the food is good. However I feel bad for the owner. He has the worst service staff I've ever seen. The restaurant wasn't busy at all yet our server took more than 10 minutes to greet us. She seemed really busy but as I was watching her, she wasn't really doing anything and she was being rude about it toward other guests. I saw when we walked in that she was sat 2-2 person tables and 1-3 person table. 7 people total. She continued to help 1 of the 2 person tables and told us and the other table that she would be with us shortly. It took too long so we left. We went and spent $85 at another restaurant. I'm sure this happens all the time here. The bartender saw us but didn't really help. YOU NEED A HOST!!! I cannot stress that enough. The 10 minutes I was there I didn't feel welcomed at all. I feel like its worse than just retraining your staff. You need to teach them how human beings should be treated. Personally I live to far away to ever want to come back but I'm telling you this because you're service staff is losing you money. You can tell they just don't care. When people don't care about their job they do shady things. Wouldn't be shocked if they were stealing from you honestly. Please address the situation or you will not have a business in the near future.
Best pizza I've ever had. Although initially put off by the look of it on the outside, the atmosphere is cool and laid back and the staff is friendly. 

It's out of the way if you want to get away from the strip and it's totally worth it.
So I first tried this pizza at a catered attorney party and let's just say it has left an impression! Oh My So So Good!!!! To think this is coming from a girl born and raised in Chicago so I know a thing about pizza.  I literally got home that night and had to google where it was located. 

Definitely will stop in the near future! Give it a try I think you will be pleased you did.
Brought my grandma to Vegas and swung by here to have her try the pie and fries. She not a fan of pizza at all bit had 4 slices of the guineas pies and loved it. She also enjoyed the suicide fries!
real yummy pizza. make sure if u order delivery online that they can actually deliver bc i did but they couldnt.
Great pizza. We tried The Back Home with the garlic crust so soft and delicious. Suicide fries lived up to their name. Hot wings meaty and crisp. Cold draft beer. Relaxed atmosphere, great music. I'd recommend for some late night quality drunk food.
We had the Back Home pizza. Good meats and lots of cheese but the crust was a little too soft for my liking (slice would sag when you picked it up). 
Hot wings were juicy. 
The suicide Fries are so tasty but can set your mouth of fire if you're not careful. 
Music was good (Johnny Cash).  
Service was ok for bar standards.  
Overall it was good but far from great.
Best pizza in Vegas hands down they know how too make great pizza closes thing too have pizza if yr from  Buffalo NY and try there fries they r the great & very hot
Ok first off, this place is KNOWN for being in a dive bar so get over that right off the bat. (You'll be glad you did!)
Featured on Triple D with Guy Fieri we just had to stop in and we were SO glad we did! 
The Guinea - 5 stars.
My husband is somewhat of a pizza connoisseur and let me tell you, he was speechless; fist pumping with every bite.
Needless to say, we'll be back.
Ordered Fatboy pizza and hot wings.  Both were nothing short of awesome.   My wife even asked for a side of the suicide sauce and that is her new favorite.   BOOM!
One of the best pizzas I've ever had.

I read a lot of the reviews so I was worried about the service, but I had no problems.  I was the only one in the "eating area" so maybe it's hit and miss depending on how busy they are, but the waitress came fast, the food came fast, and she came back often.

I ordered a Wee pepperoni/sausage and it was exactly the type of pizza I like.  The cheese stretches out, the crust has a crispy outer texture but is softer inside, and the sausage is the crumbled kind, not the Domino's type nuggets.  I'm not a huge red sauce fan but I didn't even notice it.

I got the wings (naked) with the suicide sauce on the side.  People are right when they say it's spicy but it doesn't stay with you.  I'm guessing it's habenero.   

The total for the pizza, 10 wings, and a soda was $22.  I managed to get through about half of it and I'm a pretty big eater.

I'm definitely going to go back when I return to Vegas in the future.  Everyone has different tastes in pizza, and if this is the style you like, you're going to love it.
This place was amazing! Possibly the best pizza I've had in vegas...possibly.

The pizza that I purchased (I believe it was something like the back home pizza) was just okay. One of my friends got the chicken finger pizza and it was AMAZING! Loved it! Worth a second, third, and fourth visit! 

Also, the loaded potato fries were good!
The pizza here is excellent. Only came here because saw it was on the DDD show on food network, and can say am very happy! While normally would subtract star for the typical bar feel, the pizza more than made up for that. 

Had one with sausage, pepperoni, garlic crust, And couple other things. Was really awesome! Even the "small" size could only eat half of it, but took it back and ate rest for dinner. 

Will come back again!! Unless find better pizza place in the area, but unlikely
OMG!!!!! naked city pizza!! you rule!!!
This pizza joint inside moondoggies bar is the best made pizza ever!! fresh dough perfect !! fresh toppings. you will never want to eat pizza any were in Vegas after you try this!
the suicide fries are a must order!! delicious and their ice cold draft beers to wash the heat down. so good.
be ready it looks like a total dump biker bar from the outside but at the same time is so cool once you get inside and see all the characters of different people
really fun!! great music
pizza eating contest. and was featured on food network.
in the end the pizza is a bit "pricey" but you are getting the best fresh ingredients
:( down fall nobody under 21 allowed so we couldn't bring our 19 year old son to dinner before he left for the coast guard.. we had to drive it home and eat it cold
we love this place and their menu... as well as their awesome!!!! customer service
Best pizza in Vegas!
Great food!  Tried the mild wings and the Frickin huge margarita pizza - flavor was great, portions matched the name. Teresa made us feel welcome and guided us well. Diners drive ins and dives served us well.
Great atmosphere, great service, great pizza, for a dive bar.  I mean that in a good way.  This is the kind of place I wish we had in Stafford(We have dive bars with shitty food).  The bar and the restaurant are two separate entities and we received two separate bills, but who cares because everything was great.  A nice escape from the pretentious crap on the strip.  The pizza was the opposite of normal cookie cutter pizza with routine ingredients, and that is a wonderful thing.
Four stars because the food was fantastic! The service however was absolutely terrible! We were not given plates, napkins, or any utensils. My wife had an empty drink for 25 minutes before the server made it back to the table to check up. We had the suicide fries and she had nothing to wash it down or cool off her palette. Fries were great and the Guinea pie was the best pie I ever had in Vegas but next time we will get it to go!
For delivery I ordered the naked city pizza and philly cheese steak rolls.  Soooooooooo good!!  The dough was fresh and there wasn't an abundance of tomatoe sauce.  The cheese steak rolls were ridiculously delicious.   Can't wait to try their other pizzas and treats!!   This place is a must eat!
We made an order for a pizza with suicide fries. We ordered it online. We waited 20 minutes before driving so when we got there we would expect to only wait about 10 more minutes or so. When we got there they said they just were starting the order. I asked how long it would take. The lady said she did not know since they just ran out of cheese...
We told them to cancel it and left
My husband and I ate here last week.  Everything was great.  We ordered traditional,  Sicilian and Suicide wings.  All were great but suicide are my favorite.  Love that they are served with blue cheese not ranch. The suicide wings are super hot, just the way I like my wings.  The traditional are great and the Sicilian were a great non-traditional wing ( parmesan cheese and garlic).  We also ordered a pizza with pepperoni,  and hot peppers.   This pizza had a great assortment of peppers and great flavors.   I love hot and spicy food and Naked City doesn't disappoint.  Please note separate checks for food and the beer we ordered.   No issue for me, just a note so no one is surprised.
I don't really understand the great ratings for this place, I'm hoping I caught them on a bad night.

I'll be brief.

The pizza was nothing special and the service was God awful.  

The people watching was great, if watching a couple dry hump is your thing.  Most of the bar patrons were DEEEEEEEE runk.  Note that I had been drinking and was pretty far from sober myself.

I'll be back in the area to eat next door at Desnudo Tacos, but doubt I'll eat here again.  That is all.
Highly recommended by a friend who has obviously never been to Buffalo.
Think Hertel Ave.

Waited forty minutes for our order which came on two trips 15 minutes  apart. Our order was wrong, the service was frustrating.

The pizza is tough and dry on the edges, kind of greasy in the middle and the dough is just ok. The toppings seem to be mediocre at best. 

Orderd wings with medium sauce, received them drenched. Although I must say  the wing sauce was authentic.

For $40.00 plus tip, I don't think NCP rates the attention it's receiving.
It is a bar after all. For the money you spend here you will get a better quality meal and a more satisfying experience at the many high end pizzerias in the Vegas valley.
This is by far the best pizza in Vegas. the staff is great and the atmosphere is awesome. Jesse the chef has sat with me many times to make sure the food is good and just to talk. the juke box is killer.
Great food. Horrible service. My friend asked for a recommendation from the  person taking the order. The guy replied.." I'm to bizy for this, look at the menu". The food came out with no forks, Plates or napkins. We asked the server for some help. He told us we were getting a favor by him bringing the food. We needed to ask someone else for more help. He was off the clock.
Place went downhill. We literally waited an hour for a burnt pizza with no apology whatsoever. They are losing care and obviously quality.
Food here was pretty good.  I would have given it a higher rating if the service hadn't sucked so bad.  Hot fries were good but not overly spicy.  The wings had good flavor but not too crispy.  The wife ordered pizza and it was awesome.  The cheese sticks were also good.  It took us over 30 minutes just to pay after we finished our meal and our drinks ran empty a few times.  I would come back but just for the food.
All you people that give this place a low rating need to go eat the crap down the strip... This place is great... I love the chicken buffalo chicken dip thing lol and the meatball pizza. this place is way better then the shit they have down the strip.
Loved the pizza! Had the Guinea with meatballs, spinach and a white sauce. Loved the crust! My husband and I were a little skeptical as it is a dive bar, but is perhaps the best pizza that I have ever had!
pizza was good, but there was a giant bubble on the corner that should have popped during the baking process. cheap beers and the pizza isn't expensive either. separate bills is a little annoying,  I'm sure it is forthe server as well. not too smoky, but we still smelled like smoke when we left. will go again. oh, yeah, pepperoni bowls of grease.
Excellent Pizza and appetizers.  It is a dive.
Arrived in LV Wed. afternoon and decided to stop in Naked City Pizza as I always try to check out eateries that I've never been before. Well, here's the official word from the White Hat, "Just do it" 
I don't know why people complain about being neglected? I talked to two servers and Mike the owner. Had a great conversation. Mike even brought over a couple of tacos from his taco shop next door to check out. Great too! 
Pizza on a scale of 1-10 rates a 10. Then Mike told me of the other place his brother runs across and down the street from Hard Rock Cafe where they do fresh pasta everyday! I will make it there, next stop for sure. You gotta try at least two small pizzas cause taking the rest to hotel was a treat to eat by the pool! Enjoy!
This place is small, only a few tables and it's in a dive bar where people are allowed to smoke.  I've only been during the week for work lunches so no beers with my pizza:(the poutine was really rich and filling.  The largest size pizza on the menu is baked in a restaurant baking sheet - if you've worked in a restaurant you understand. It's a HUGE - way more than 4 people could eat. Guineas pie and chicken wing dip were awesome!
Items Selected:
Wee Chicken Finger Pizza - Blue cheese, chicken fingers, and mozzarella cheese
Wee Back Home Pie - Thick tomato sauce mixed with mozzarella cheese and oregano, topped with pepperoni, sausage and Parmesan cheese with a garlic crust
Pizza Logs - Hand rolled egg roll wrappers stuffed with pepperoni, mozzarella and red sauce
Cannoli - Filled to order, two large pastry tubes with espresso mascarpone, whipped cream, chocolate chips, chocolate drizzle

Using the term 'divey' as gently as one can it would be hard to describe Moondoggies on Arville in any other way, the space itself a brick box housing old televisions, two lifetime allotments of cigarette stains, a straight-out-of-the-80s soundtrack, and the sort of patrons already drunk enough to dance and sing by noon on a Monday - plus Chris Palmeri's scratch made Naked City Pizza.  Considered by locals and even Food Network celebrities to be a local gem and decked out with Buffalo sports décor telling the Chef's roots it was to self seating and questionably hung over service that my family entered the makeshift dining room and presented with menus plus recommendations our order took form, a surprisingly 'artisan' quartet of items soon to roll out of the kitchen with plenty of grease but smooth pacing and just enough polish to make it work.  Starting out with smile-inducing "Pizza Logs," essentially an eggroll impregnated by a calzone, before testing out a pair of pies it was to the tunes of Tainted Love that the spicy chicken finger iteration arrived and teaming with blue cheese plus white sauce over a crispy semolina-spiked crust I immediately swooned, a 'specialty' pizza justifying its novelty while far outperforming the subsequent "Back Home Pie" which tasted good but suffered texturally under too many meaty toppings and red sauce muddled by cheese and grease.  At this point duly impressed with later plans for dessert it was just as we were about to settle the tab that our server suggested the cannoli and describing them as 'filled to order' I couldn't resist - a duo of crispy tubes stuffed with espresso-mascarpone proving twice as good as those at Carlo's Bakery at nearly half the price as Duran Duran played on.
This is about the new location on Paradise.  I ordered on the phone for takeout, the half pizza with peperoni on half and garlic buns.  She read my order back, told her it would be 20 mins.  When we got there, the cook did a 1/4 size pizza not the 1/2, the girl looked on the order and it did say 1/2.  So, they asked if we wanted the other 1/2.  Yes, we had to wait 10 mins , they did not say they were sorry, they did not comp us for their mistake.  Then when we got the pizza home, it was wrong.  The peperoni was on all the pizza and the pizza was burnt.  Very disappointed!  Not sure when we will be back to eat here again soon.   Also, the cook in the kitchen was slamming things down and looked very unhappy!
I live close to this place so i drive by all the time, looked interesting.
As far as being the best pizza in Las Vegas is not true by any means. Thick crust plenty of cheese but ultimately  BLAND, also the toppings few and far between. 
I dont know.
Wow i am shocked!!! I've been the HUGE fan of naked city inside moon doggies bar and hubby took me today for a Mother's day favorite!  Wow the server and her bus girl are absolutely horrible!! Since naked city opened a new restraunt I will be traveling there. The server stands at the bar chatting with guys and ignores all her customers.  We were never checked on. And we waved down the bus girl Cuz we had to go we needed our check. and she saw us 3 times and pretended not to see us. Hubby finally said "hi" and she rolled her eyes and say "ya" naked city in moon doggies u not only were rude you got our entire order wrong u really ruined the experience for me. I will not return .  Service was the worst I e ever had anywhere!!
I'm trying really hard to like this place.  I've been twice so far.  Based on the review on Diners, Drive-ins, and dives, I had high hopes.  So far I am somewhat disappointed.  Service is pretty slow.  Food seemed to take forever to come out and it wasn't that busy.  It's a dive which is no problem as long as the food and service make up for the decor.

First visit.  I ordered the Guinea Pie which was OK, but not really special.  For one thing I though it was really bland except for the garlic.  No spice to speak of.  Toppings really sparse and the crust super thin.  Pound for pound I'd consider it pretty expensive for pizza.  It was good enough that I will probably try again with a different pie.  Service was kind of weird.  I ordered at a window, but paid a waitress who took it to the bar.  There is really no place to wait for to go orders except the bar.  If it was quick I'd have no issue with that, but it seemed to take forever.

Second visit.  I ordered a sandwich called the meathead which is Braised beef, two cheeses, carmelized onion, pickle and creamy mustard.  I got the footlong one for $10, which is reasonable price for a steak sandwich.  My opinion:  You'll get much better steak sandwiches at Pops on Rainbow.  This one had a good bun and enough meat, but the problem was the meat was excessively dry like it was grilled too long and then there is the cheese.  Apparently when they say two cheeses they mean two little slices of cheese.  I've never seen a steak sandwich with as little cheese and the cheese was not mixed into the meat at all.  It was placed on the bun and this big bunch of meat was placed on top.  the pickle was interesting as well as the mayo sauce, but overall it was almost too dry to eat.  I was greeted immediately, they took my order quick, and brought drinks and refills fast.  Getting the sandwich was pretty slow for a sandwich.  I have no big complaints.

I will give this place one more shot.  If they do better I might revise my review with another star.
Yey I'm a huge fan!
The hubbi and I decided to go here because he seen it on tv! He told me we both did however I cant recall if I saw it or not...nevertheless...I'm glad he saw it...We saw it...lol
The food is divine the pizza was so very good (Please see my pictures.)
We also had wangs yes not wings but wangs because they so good u have to give them a slang name. (KMSL) 
If you high sadity or booshie this is not the place for you. (Stay home.) But yea the husband and I fit right in because we get along with everybody! Its cool people with a fun time & just great food. The cheese cake was very good. Its a fact that the husband and I have found a new spot to chill and have fun.
Boo not kid friendly. Saw this on food network and on diner dives...wanted to try it. I guess My family and I won't be trying their lovely pizza. Also that place looks ratched anyways. They need to build a place so we can come here geez there are tons of places for adults y deprive us of the awesome pizza so disappointed.
Bookmarked this placed based on their claim-to-fame of having the best sandwich in town- as rated by LV Weekly in 2012. Add in that they were featured on Triple D, and I knew I'd be visiting sooner rather than later, even if I haven't seen the episode.

Opted for take-out dinner on my way home from work. Got a shareable portion to dine with my dude; full size Royal Hot Sub, 10 piece Sicilian wings, and a slice of the pizza of the day (beef on weck).

The sandwich was my BF's favorite: Italian sausage, capicola, and mozzarella chopped in two equally enormous halves. Bread didn't seem particularly fresh, both meats were fairly dry to me, and there was no moisture on the sandwich, lending an overall dryness to the whole affair. It worked for my guy, and apparently for the staff at LV Weekly, but it wasn't the best to me. 
Wings were underwhelming: 50 cent surcharge for this flavor, for reasons unexplained and unknown. Wings were perfectly cooked to tender and juicy, but lacked flavor. Minimal sprinkle of garlic and parm outside, mostly smaller wings, again they just didn't really do anything for me.
Pizza of the day was not my style but I really appreciated the creativity that went into taking a NY sandwich and creating a pizza version of it; beef on top, horseradish sauce, creamy mozzarella, and a salted/seasoned crust. Flavors are strong and bold, tasty, but not something I'd eat more than a slice of. 

All in all, I think I need to leave this place on my list to visit again and try the Guinea pizza when I have a bigger appetite (or perhaps after hitting the gym). Was mostly underwhelmed by my non-pizza options this visit.
After a couple nights of eating on the strip... and being overcharged and disappointed (staying at the Aria) I wanted some plain good ole fashioned pizza. I recalled an episode of Triple D mentioning Naked City Pizza. So I googled the Arville location.  Drove from the hotel to the place. I saw the sign which said Moondoogies bar with Naked City Pizza underneath, a lil confusing because the entrance is just a divey bar, luckily I got a whiff of some nice pizza pie. 

The place itself had a dark ambiance of a real dive bar, I did feel like I was an intruder from the looks I got from the indigenous bar flies. I made beeline past the bar towards one of the waitresses who quickly glanced me up and down, to size me up "Tourist".  She had a nice ink sleeve going on but had a rather nice sunny disposition. 

So I ordered a couple of pies. A wee plain cheese for the kids and a not so wee Naked City Pizza Pie for us. It took awhile like almost a half hour, so it would be helpful to order ahead of time, which I did not do.  The pizzas were spot on. Glad I braved the iffy location, Better then the crap from CPK (which I know isn't saying much)

I'll try the new location closer to the strip, they opened a location near the Hard Rock. Definitely making it a point to get one of their pies next time down!
I was very comfortable in this joint. It is on the dive bar side, but it is a place you can hangout and have a good pie. The dough is good, the topping even better. It has Buffalo, New York all over the walls and it is reflected in the good pizza. I loved the sizes: Wee, Not-So Wee, and F_ _ k'in Huge. Most of the people around us had eyes bigger than their stomach's so take-home was the norm. They also have Buffalo wings, which are great. I will be back!
Pizza is my favorite food and I could eat it everyday. That being said, naked city is the best pizza I have found in Vegas. I have lived here almost a year, tried 15 different places and naked city it the best. The Guinea pie is perfection and I have had the stinger and the naked city as well. All of them were delicious but the Guinea pie was the best.

For appetizers, the suicide fries are only for the brave of heart. I love them but my boyfriend would not even try them. They are hot! The garlic buns are like cinnamon rolls but with no cinnamon and add garlic and cheese...aka awesome.

Finally the location, I personally love that this place in in a dive bar! It a not that scary like other reviews have said. I thought it was awesome. The service is ok. I have had great service and ok service but the food is worth any experience. 

So if you have kids, don't come to this location but if you do not have children naked city pizza is the best pizza vegas has to offer.
Amazing Pizza just like on DDD! Our server was very sweet and helpful. The pizza was cooked perfectly and the white sauce was delicious! We will be back the next time we are in Vegas!!!
Home of the guinea pie, which was featured on triple D!

So this place is kind of uninviting. It is inside Moondoggies bar, which is dark and musty. Adults only kind of place, so leave the kids at home (or go to the other location...).

For drinks, I ordered the loganberry because I have never had anyting loganberry. Server said it was pretty popular in New York.  It was hard to describe the taste, but most like a watered down berry juice. Next time I'll just have some "pop."

I shared the small size Guinea pie with Ramil B. and it was the perfect size for us.  It was cut in 6 pretty good size pieces and I was still able to take 2 pieces home to the husband who loved it.  The pizza here is definitely a winner and I would come back to order it again!  Some great things about it are the homemade meatballs and the ricotta cheese!  Kind of on the greasy side, but crust was on point. 

We were curious about dessert and ordered the fried dough, which was a humongous portion that I just took it home.  This was OK, not worth ordering. It simply was fried, drizzled with chocolate syrup and sprinkled with powdered sugar. Nothing exciting here.

Pizza deserves 4 stars, but everything else was just OK.
Maybe Naked City Pizza is having a bad night in both locations. Drove from Paradise location to here (see other review) on the promise that the order would be placed for us while we drove. How could they have, phone here has been off the hook for hours. We were ignored when we came in, and when we asked about ordering, a woman wearing a Naked City shirt pointed to the window in the back. Asked about the advance order, and literally got a look like I had asked for pizza on a golden platter. Mentioned the phone being off the hook. Again must actually have two heads, the look again while she held up the cordless phone and showed us it was fine. (Called back while we were eating at home, and the line was still busy.) So unbelievably rude...worst I have experienced in a long time. Don't care if the pizza is good. Won't be returning.
Note: There is more than one location.  I *believe* this is the one that was on DDD.

The other reviews are accurate.  The place is a dive bar, and the bar and pizza bills are separate.

There is a seating area with some video games and a vending machine that sells candy and cigarettes (yes there is a sign on the front door saying nobody under 21 allowed).  

The pizza is really great, I got the Guinea (the 'wee' size and it was more than enough for me).  Service is very slow and harried, even in the middle of the day in the middle of the week.  Come here if you are not in a rush.

As I said, the pizza is really great. 

I hit this as part of a DDD's tour of the area and I am glad I did.  I would come back with friends if I had a lot of time.  I ate at Naked City around 1PM for lunch and it was still pretty slow,
I'm from buffalo ny, and this is a buffalo themed bar. They have a menu dedicated to the bar foods and amazing foods of buffalo. I tried the chicken wings which were spot on and reminded me more of duffs wings than anything and I loved them. The pizza was just OK, they had the grease cups which are the norm on buffalo branded pizza shops.. however if I was in Buffalo I would rank it low on the pizza scale. We tried the poutine which is fries with gravy and cheese curds and that was delicious. Also the stinger sub which was also delicious and reminded me of the big sloppy subs of the wny areas. The also had local drink favorites such as loganberry drink and of course Labatt blue beer. I still gotta go back and try the tacos as they have a dedicated taco shop next door. Give this place a try soon.
the first part of the review is for their ordering system(s) or lack thereof.  about a month ago i tried to order takeout  by calling to place an order.  the phone rang and rang and rang with no answer.  next try i used their "on-line" ordering system.  i ordered and showed up a half hour later only to be told that the cook never got the order because whoever received the order didn't relay it to him. maybe instead of spending time on NPR critiquing other pizza places in town, the owner of naked city pizza should take care of his own house. 0 stars

alas, i finally tried the pizza.  it wasn't terrible but i had big expectations based on numerous reviews and a fair amount of self promotion.  i'll start with the good.  they certainly use a decent quality cheese that melts nicely and has good flavor.  the pizza was also cooked properly.  now for the not so good sarting with the crust.  i'm sure there are many people that like this type of crust.  i'm not one of them.  it's really just a white bread dough recipe.  too much of a "gut-bomb".  i also prefer a sauce that is a little spicier and has a richer tomato flavor.  i also prefer one that is sans bay leaves.  finally, the toppings are too skimmpy for this thicker, heartier style of pizza.  2 stars.
We went to Naked City Pizza after seeing it on Diners Drive Inns and Dives. This location of Naked City Pizza is in a DIVE bar called Moondoggies. We had the stuffed mushrooms made with home made sausage and the Guinea pie! Both were absolutely delicious! What made the experience even better was our server Katie! She was so sweet and helpful even as she was serving, cooking, AND doing dishes! Katie was the bomb diggity and so was the food!
While offering a wide range of fast food besides their speciality chicken, Eshas leaves a little bit to be desired...

Personally, I would advise caution when venturing away from the chicken, as you are not assured of what you may actually get. Upon ordering a fish supper, I was provided with a thin morsel reminiscent with what I expect to find dished out during school dinners or to be found in the frozen section of Farmfoods. To rub salt into the wound, the chips were very thin and undercooked. 

Perhaps I am being unfair given the price range.  Eshas offers a number of deals, presented on their front window, including at one point a 10 inch margarita pizza for £1.99! (although I believe this deal has since ceased).

Overall, this place is perfect for the hungry student venturing back from a booze up seeking something with a high grease content, but if your seeking something with a bit more quality to constitute as an actual meal, it may be best to look elsewhere.
Esha's is not the best takeaway shop I have expereinced in Edinburgh, thats for sure.  

Esha's is situated in the centre of the busy and bustling Nicolson Street, just a short walk from the University and so it is a handy place for students to pop into to buy their dinner on their home from classes, however, Esha's is not the best takeaway shop on Nicolson street to go into. 

Esha's menu is incredibly diverse, offering dishes such as pizzas, burgers, curries and baked potatoes. I came to Esha's for dinner several months ago with a friend to buy a pizza and we had the ham and mushroom which was absolutely nothing to rave about. The mushrooms were really soft and appeared to have dissolved into the topping mixture, and the pizza base was quite soggy and burnt in places - not nice. My friend also ordered a portion of chips which were a far cry from the traditional Scottish chips we were expecting - these looked as though they had come from a frozen packet, and not a good one at that. 

The prices are very reasonable and a 15% student discount is available. You are able to order your meals online at Esha's website and they also offer a home delivery service which is convenient.   The staff are friendly, and perhaps some of their other dishes are tastier than the pizza which I had.
I have to admit, Esha's is a guilty pleasure of mine. Edinburgh offer few fried chicken shops, and many of the ones is does contain close early. Not this fine establishment though; Esha's is one for you drunkards out there. Open until 1, and 2 on the weekends, it is handily situated along the road probably frequented the most by students, South Clerk Street and they undeniably make up a large part of its clientèle, being much busier late at night than at any other time.

Esha's does not just limit itself to chicken though, there is a plethora of late night goodies. Also purveyed are curries, pizzas, burgers and on occasions kebabs. The chicken is the star of the show though, with loads of different types and deals. The fillet burger with included hash brown is a particular favourite, especially with the spicy sauce. Generally the chicken does have a tendency to be a wee bit dried out and make sure you invest in a drink as well, as it saps all the moisture out of your mouth. However to counter this niggle, if you time it right and get there just as it is closing often you will be regaled with free chicken or massively reduced prices. My flatmate came home last week with glee written all over his face as he proudly thrust a ludicrous amount of chicken at me to share. '15 pieces for £2!!' he proceeded to brag, 'you cannot argue with that'. And to be fair, he's got a point.
The decor reminds me of Hooters.  Wooden furnature and a roll of paper towels at the table.  The bartender was polite and the waitress was ver friendly.  I asked her what her favorite was and she suggested the Wing Sampler Platter.  It was a little pricey at $23.00, but you are able to pick 4 different flavors, so I gave it a try.

She gave me her favorites and I ordered one of my favorites and another from a user on Foursquare.

Her favorite was actually the "Hot Dill Pickle."  I was very suprised by how much I liked it.  It was my favorite of the 4 I chose:

Hometown Hottie - an average wing.  not unlike many others I have tasted. 

Daisy Duke - The Mango Chipotle was good, but a little sweet, so order cautiously.

GarPar - Really thick on the garlic butter.  Almost like they spread on a garlic mayo.  It was good, just not what I'm used to.  Way different than in the states.

Hot Dill Pickle - a little spicey, but the flavor is quite suprising. Not sure I can eat more than 10, but 5 was perfect.
The wings were over priced for what you got and they were so fatty it was discusting
Usually I would have something better to say about this place but my last experience was not the best. I have to say I have been in a few Wild Wing locations but this location is BY FAR the tackiest of them all. It looks like a novelty store threw up or something. There are multi colour, beach themed murals on the walls, a Giant light up palm tree, saloon style old western doors and all kinds of junk hanging from the ceiling including sports jerseys, athletic bags and other various sports related items. It really is over the top cluttered and hectic and this is coming from a person who thinks the decor at Jack Astors is great. So that's gotta tell you something. Anways, on my last visit I order medium wings, which is rare for me because I tend to prefer somthing hotter but I was sharing with a friend who doesn't like spicy food. When our wings arrived we both bit into them we just looked at eachother with panic beucase our mouths were burning. I chugged half a beer because they were that hot, which for me would be fine but my friend looked like she was going to fall off her chair. When the waitress came back we explained how hot they were and my friend told her she would not be able to eat them the waitress said "Well yeah, the medium wings here are pretty hot" and looked at us with confusion as if we were supposed to just know this or something. We asked if there was anything she could do and she offered to bring us out some ranch dip or mild sauce which to me is a joke. I used to work in a Sports Bar and I know for a fact I would have immediately offered new wings or at least a credit to the bill. Instead she offered nothing, so my friend ate nothing and we paid and left. I will go back because I have had better experiences there in the past but all in all the customer service was not good. I must say however, I did like the wings and I usually order hot and quite honestly I think the medium ones are hotter so I will likely order the medium in the future.
Well what's there too say about Wild Wing. A great wing pit with over 100 flavours what more can you ask for as a wing lover.  They do have some good deals throughout the week so if you are planning on going it doesn't hurt to check them out and why not save some money.

If I wanted to watch the "big game" this wouldn't be my spot of choice as the TVs are frequently fuzzy and the sound system is dated.

Overall great spot to grab some wings and a beer and the service is decent.
Overly price tiny wings with poor service. Not much else to say.
Convenient for take out once in a while when you don't feel like deep frying wings yourself, but it's overpriced and the restaurant itself is can-barely-hear-your-own-voice loud when it's busy. Not especially pleasant.
We ordered the 30pc special, which included an order of fries, medium ranch dressing and 2 drinks for $22.95. We got the Lemon Pepper, Garlic Parmesan and Hot &  Sweet wings. The Lemon pepper were the best out of the three.  They had a pretty good flavor to them. The garlic parmesan were pretty plan. Not very garlicky or parmesany. The Hot & Sweet were neither hot or sweet. The wings overall were a bit on the dry side. Maybe a little overcooked. The fries were ok. We also ordered an order of the Funnel Cake fries but the picture looked better than what they really tasted like. Overall, I think I'll get my wings elsewhere.
If i could give this place zero stars I would. My family ordered almost $80 worth of wings in a variety of flavors(sauces) for a party we were having. When my husband brought it home he realized that the ENTIRE order was wrong. It was several orders of bone-in teriyaki flavored wings when we had ordered all fingers with several different sauces. We immediately called and explained the situation to the cashier. They took our information and said we could come in any time for a refund or replacement order of the same value. We thought this was great service, but come to find out when we tried to redeem this offer a couple weeks later, we were informed that this was "not their policy" and they "would not honor the offer" by the manager of this establishment. She was very rude and would not even offer to work with us or compromise.  we will NOT give this place any more business EVER.  terrible customer service is a deal breaker. the food is sub-par in comparison to other wings places. BUYER BEWARE!!!!!
The wings were pretty good. The Hellfire ones weren't very hot at all but the flavor was good. The wings could've used a little more sauce. The fries are amazing! Kind of like wingstop fries, but with more flavor.  The wait was really long but there was only one person working when I was there. Definitely need to get more staff working at the same time.
The first time I went here it was good, but I feel that it is swiftly going down hill. I went with 3 other people and we got 3 separate orders, but the people who worked there somehow managed to get each order wrong. The trash can was spilling out all over the floor. You would think they would empty the think. You would be better off walking across the parking lot to Geisha Steakhouse.
BLEH!
There are better hole-in-the-walls out there. Go next door to the Taco shop if you can't decide what to eat.
Have gotten take-out from here twice.  First time wife brought home wings and fries and I liked them very much.  

I logged onto yelp today to locate a wing place and was dismayed to read all the negative reviews.  They're the closest wing place to my house and I did like the food last time so I decided to give them another shot.

Called in my order and the lady who answered the phone was very nice, and even suggested one of their specials to save me some money when she heard what I wanted.

Arrived 15 mins later to pick up my food.  Two people working, both adults.  The nice lady greeted me with a smile and took my money.  I looked into the kitchen and a gentleman was finishing packaging my food.  I heard him say to the lady 'I wasn't sure what to do with the fries' so I am guessing he is new.  

The service was fine despite all the previous reviews, and I suspect it's because there are new adult personnel working the restaurant.

Brought my food home and was very pleased with the quality.  The wings were perfectly cooked and the Buffalo Hot Sauce was tasty (though not notably hot/spicy).  The fries were excellent, some of the best I've had from a quick-stop place.  I saw a huge bag of potatoes in the kitchen so they obviously cut them fresh.  The season them with something so delicious I ate them with no ketchup; they're that good.  The blue cheese dressing is homemade and mine was flavored with a LOT of garlic; never had blue cheese dressing taste like that but it was quite good and I did use some of it on the occasional french fry.

I will definitely return.  Hopefully the owner/manager has gotten his staff straightened out and the food and service stay as good as I experienced today.
Don't waste your time at this wing place; the sign says best wing in town...umm I think not! My daughter wanted some chicken wings so I took her here since we were around the neighborhood. We ordered a number 2 which came with 15 chicken wings with your choice of 2 flavors (got the Garlic Parmesan and mild), fries and a large drink. The garlic Parmesan was okay and the mild lacked some flavor. The fries were decent they were perfectly seasoned. 

The service was okay considering the fact that there was only one person working and tables needed to be cleaned. There was one table that was clean and that's where we decided to sit. The tables didn't even get cleaned the whole time we were there so if people wanted to eat there they have to request to get the table cleaned.
Despite the bad reviews here on Yelp, I was in the area and craved chicken wings. 
Got the wings & tenders combo. Totally gross! The wings tasted like cardboard and the tenders tasted like dirty socks. It was soaked in oil. A cholesterol overdose. 
The fries were ok. It was disgusting.
I was craving wings and Wing Stop was too far away. I drove by here and thought why not! The sign does say "best wings in town". Walked in and the place is dead quiet with no body in sight. A TV was on but no sound. A nice young man came out from the back and was very pleasent. Nothing spectacular. The menu is a bit overwelming. The prices have been changed and re-written over more than once. I was a little confused on what was what so got the number 1 which was 8 wings, fries and a soda (10 bucks). Took 15 mins for the food to cook which was no problem. I''ll wait for fresh food. I took it with me to go and when I got home I realized they are trying to be just like Wing Stop. The fries are exactly the same but the wings are not very good. They seemed freezer burnt when put in the fryer. I got half Cajun half Garlic Parm. The garlic parm had no flavor. Tasted like they were just covered in oil. The Cajun were ok, but nothing special. I wouldn't go back.
just ate the wings on n.decaeur for the first time  . I ordered the sweet and hot sauce for my wings and ive got to say the sauce tasted like watered down hot sauce , it was awful . on top of that , I found a piece of steel wool in my wings . when brought to the attention of the employee , his response was " oh , sorry , must be from when we cleaned the fryers " well no shit !!!! will not be eating there again , if you want good wings , stick to buffalo wild wings where you know the wings will be good and debris free ........ i would give this place no stars but unfortunately u cant .
First time eating here.  We ordered mild, hot garlic, and Cajun kickers wings.  They were good, but not very spicy.  My husband loved the fries.  It takes a while because they made it fresh.  The guy behind the counter was very friendly and helpful.
What a joke! The best wings in Vegas my ass! I have never had bad French fries in my life! These were absolutely terrible! They were soggy and way too greasy! The wings were okay, nothing special but I can make wings better than this place! And all the workers there are defiantly on drugs!! They were forgetful and looked like they were on drugs! One of the guys the forgot one of our fry offers then has the nerve to charge me for an extra ranch and an additional tip which we had already tipped! I have never met someone who pretty much begged for a tip! He just  kept on asking for a tip! Ugh! I will NEVER eat here again! Absolutely horrible customer service and horrible food! Do not go here!
Unfortunately not measuring up to par when it comes to food quality or service.  

From the moment we walked in we seemed to be bothering the one and only employee. After drawing some information about the sauces out of him, he took our order but never even looked at us.  Then it was back into the kitchen after handling money, but I didn't see him wash his hands.  

Once the food arrived, the "Cajun Kicker"wings had no heat to them at all and the "sweet and spicy" chicken tenders were bland as well.
Walked in there and ordered lunch for me and my son. My shoes stuck to the floor, tables were so dirty my arms stuck to the table. Trash can had gross slime dripping down the side. I didn't even ask for my money back. I told lady , this was the most  filthy restaurant I ever been in , in Vegas and left.
Good chicken wings in downtown Madison? Really? ...To be honest, I never actually thought about it. Prior to the arrival of this small-time chain to downtown Madison, all we had by way of decent wings was Buffalo Wild Wings. And I wouldn't even think of setting foot in that place ever again, because "decent" is a huge overstatement.

You're getting a lot more than that at Quaker Steak & Lube. The boneless chicken wings, for example, set a standard for chicken wings that I've never tasted before. The outside is fried to a perfect crispy texture that manages to avoid falling into that trap of being chewy and fatty, while still transcending your traditional fried chicken coating. 

There's a variety of interesting sauces to try at this place, and since you can mix any number of them at no additional charge, there's no way you could run out of things to try. I decided to venture 6 wings with a combination of their spicy Arizona Ranch sauce and their less-spicy Pineapple Rum sauce. The combination resulted in something that smelled and tasted 10 times better than I could have ever possibly expected. 

However, the spiciness was pitifully weak. With Arizona Ranch being ranked as having the highest Scoville rating of their medium-range sauces, I can't help but wonder just how spicy they can make a wing. In their defense, I didn't care to try the Atomic Sauce lest it taste like melted pennies (I'm looking at you, Blazin' Sauce), but I still want a burn if I'm getting the next-highest thing.

I got some onion rings on the side as well, and while I wasn't expecting much, these are the best onion rings I have had in a long long time. Normally I receive floppy onion rings that automatically sort and separate themselves into chewy onion and broken, brittle breading the second I take a bite. But these onion rings managed to retain their texture and taste damn good in the process. Onion and all, it gives a nice crunch. Quaker Steak & Lube's onion rings are essentially the onion version of good steak-cut french fries.

I do take issue with the prices here. All that and a cheap domestic beer cost me around 15 bucks after tax and tip. For a small batch of boneless wings, you're paying over a dollar a wing. And you can't just buy wings in bulk, since they won't let you pick more than one sauce/mix for a larger amount. In this respect, Quaker Steak & Lube is performing just as poorly as B-Dub's. But at least at this place, I can at least feel slightly more justified in paying exorbitant amounts of money for delicious fried chicken.
I'm only giving this three stars in the sense of it is solid--it's not phenomenal, but it's a traditional wings place: you aren't going there for a five star menu, you're going there for comfort food and clogging your arteries.

When you walk in, it's like you've stepped into a NASCAR fan's dream. There's car stuff plastered all over the place, including a working stop and go light. Though, when the place is called "Quaker Steak & Lube," is that really all that surprising? No. Although NASCAR isn't typically associated with class--this join was very clean and the staff members were extremely willing to help out.

I had a grilled boneless chicken in Chipotle BBQ sauce with bleu cheese. My roommate had honey mustard wings with a Green Light Rita (margarita).

My grilled boneless chicken was interesting: I prefer boneless because you get to eat the entire thing as opposed to picking it off a bone and potentially wasting meat. It wasn't really what you typically expect of boneless wings: it was more like a boneless breast with the sauce on it. It wasn't bad, but I'm not sure it was worth the ~$8 I paid for it when I could've made it at home. It tasted good, though there's only four boneless wings in that set if you get the regular size. The Chipotle BBQ sauce has a really nice little kick on your tastebuds, but not overwhelming. It's great if you prefer more milder tastes but with only a little bit of spice.

My roommate allowed me to try her honey mustard wings: they're sweet with a very nice glaze. As opposed to Buffalo Wild Wings (which isn't bad)--they cover the entire wing in the sauce as opposed to a dallop here and there in the center of the wing. The meat was succulent and juicy which pleasantly surprises me for a large-scale chain restaurant--but that explains why it got as big as it did!

Her Green Light Rita was very good too; it was very sweet, though I suspect that was because of the melon liqueur within it. I would recommend getting it frozen, however.

Overall, I'll most definitely be back--the service was great! They even give you a warm wipe and a Twizzlers when you leave. I much prefer this place to Buffalo Wild Wings as the sauces are heavier and the meat is more juicy. Next time I'll probably get the wings or the breaded boneless instead, though.
The reason for our visit was the wings.  While ordering our lunch we were told we couldn't order the "crazy" hot wings right away.  We had to order up, meaning we had to start with the mild and work our way up.  The boys (my husband and brother-in-law) did just that, but noot till after signing a waver.  After all of this, they didn't even think the wings were that hot.

Meanwhile I had to watch my family eat thier lunch because their was a mix-up in the back causing my food to be ordered after everyone at the table got their food.  The manager was nice enought to credit the bill for my lunch though.  

I can see how this place would be good for the college crowd, with the bar, pool table and karoke, but for a family I think I'll just stick to Buffalo Wild Wings.
We enjoyed this place.  It is not the fanciest place in the world.  But if you are in the mood for good wings, ribs, and other good 'ol Americana food then you are in a treat here.  The place looks like an old fashioned gas station outside and comes complete with a race car.  There are some arcade games inside and enough motorcycles, pieces of cars, license plates, etc. etc. to stock at least a Jay Leno hangar.  If you enjoy any of the above stuff you should enjoy this place.
The burgers are a little above average, but hey, this place is clearly a wingplace. I had the all you can eat wings on tuesday for around 11 bucks, it was definitely worth it! The wings came with one side of fries and you can ask for carrots or celery everytime you order more wings. I would say there are about 20 different wing flavor choices, from mild to very spicy(so spicy that you have to sign a waiver before trying them). To try these extremely spicy wings, however, you must work your way up the ladder of spiciness(which lists the scoville units for each flavor). I would not recommend the premium garlic wings, very overpowering flavor, unless you eat entire cloves on a regular basis.
Stopped by there last night with the kid for a meal. We both opted for all you can eat wings, which was not a bad value even though we didn't try to 'get our money's worth' by eating eight gazillion tons of wings. The two guys at the table across from us had built a mighty tower of discarded bones, though- it looked like a scene from Conan the Barbarian.

The wings were just OK, not very warm.  The sauces are good, though. Service was not the greatest, and while I understand that AYCE wing night is a tough one, the automatic 18% gratuity doesn't exempt them from being a little more prompt.  What did grind my gears is that the gratuity was added after tax.  Even though it doesn't add a lot to the total tip,it is cheating just a little bit.
The atmosphere is kind of cool.  It's a good place to watch the game.  There are tons of TVs, so you know you will have a good view no matter where you sit.  

As far as the food goes, I don't think I would eat here again. I had a combo basket with boneless wings and pretzels.  The wings were very dry...they were coated in sauce, but the chicken itself was dry. The pretzels were bland.  I tried my husband's cheese fries and they were nothing special either.  Our friend said his burger was "okay, but nothing special."
This review is for an after party hosted by my organization.  The place is new and clean.  The theme is nice as well as the decorations that come with it.  On Saturday night we held an event for an after party to a dance competition.  We had over 200+ people signed up for attendance for a place that holds 250 people at capacity.  The event was a social/dance event with a DJ and drinks.  

The night of the event I got there at 11pm.  There was a line at the door.  I got to the front of this line and was informed that they were at capacity and they were adhering to "one-in, one-out" rule.  Meaning I had to wait for someone to leave before I could enter.  The total wait time ended up being 45mins!  We had some guests that got only 40 mins of party time cause of the long wait. Disappointed, freezing cold guests plus very rude bouncers does not make for a good party.  

On top of all this, I find out that they were not at capacity, they just low-balled our attendance keeping only 2 bartenders on staff that night.  That is the reason half the place was still empty and that is the reason only half our guests could not enter.  

I have to admit this was a last choice venue for us. But in all honesty the review is fair on all accounts.
I have been there twice for the All You Can Eat Wings Tuesday, I love their wings! My favorite flavors are the BBQ and Tequila Lime BBQ.  The food always comes out in a timely matter and the staff is very friendly... the prices are reasonable too!!
Stopped into eat while attending the 2011 ironman.  There was also a Badger football game going one so the place was packed.  Even though we had over 10 people in our group they seated us as soon as they could.  Staff was very friendly, service was prompt and food really good.  Would go back and recommend!
It's fun to chomp down on chicken wangs when there is a motorcycle floating above your head.

If you couldn't tell from the business name, it's automotive themed.  Quaker keeps the grimy, rugged feel of this former auto shop by placing giant televisions of sports games all over the place.  

I loved the energy throughout the place.  There were clumps of different sports enthusiasts huddled around their game.  We came for the University of Michigan game, and ended up befriending some fellow wolverines.  Good times.

The selection of beer was pretty good for a sports bar.  They have some local, so that's sweet.  The wings were tasty and piping hot.  Yum.

Next time I don my wolverine (or badger) attire, I'll be sure to join the crowd at Quaker.
good classic american food. good food good games!
we came here for team trivia tonight. the service is terrible, and the food is even worse. we just ordered pretzels with beer cheese dip... the pretzels were fried (?) and greasy, and the "beer cheese" dip resembled canned gravy more than beer or cheese. gross. i've managed to avoid this place for four years, and will not be coming back.
Honestly, if it weren't for their TVs and the fact that it's closer to our place than Buffalo Wild Wings, I'd never come here.

It's not that this place is bad, per se, but it's basically an inferior version of the Buffalo Wild Wings on University, The food isn't as good, the beer not as diverse, and the deals not as good. The atmosphere also isn't as bro-y as Buffalo Wild Wings, which is usually a good thing, except for Football Sundays. 

I usually feel completely at home screaming "@(#@( YEEEAAH!" after my favorite team gets a touchdown at Buffalo Wild Wings, but at this place, I'm pretty sure people just think I'm wasted.
Quaker Steak & Lube was my go-to place for wings in Madison. I'll admit, I never had anything other than wings here, and that would continue to be the trend whenever I'm back in the area.

If you're up for it, Tuesdays are the days to go here. $13 for all-you-can-eat wings and I must praise the wings for their quality. I love how Quaker Steak & Lube has a lot of flavors and seasonings for their wings. I'd say between 20-25. I believe they implemented new dry rubs within the past year or so and they were pretty good.

Overall, superior wings and good atmosphere, bar, and lots of TVs.
Really some of the best wings I've ever had. Their batter is crisp and thick without being unnecessarily greasy. I had 6 wings smothered in honey bbq and dipped the other 6 in bleu cheese dressing.

Their wings are pretty huge too so get a bunch but don't be afraid to share! the staff is also super nice
A young Rex...a young taught schoolboy Rex...was once a star athlete. I was good at all of the sports the other boys wished they were. I was great at shooting dice, 3 Card Monty, pick pocketing and loan sharking. I was the envy of my entire 3rd grade class. Very few kids that age can play the shell game on a street corner for 8 hours and then kneecap some deadbeat over a 20 dollar debt at night.  I was a machine...a well oiled, tight bodied machine. The girls...oh the girls...nap time was a special time. A young Rex surrounded by his prepubescent harem.  It was magical. I was on top of the world.  My aunt Eunice would see me come back with some old man's pension check, because he owed 3 weeks of the vig after betting on the Giants, she would beam with pride.  We would go to our special place...and then he would take me for food. I deserved it...believe me. She would buy me fried chicken. I loved it. It washed out the taste of low tide. Bribe sweet bribe. Bribed my silence.  As an older man I look back on those days and still cringe. Sure the money was good. Sure the chicken was good. The rest...not so much.

I tell this tale of woe and want for one reason...all of that great chicken was almost blotted out of existence from a combination of court ordered therapy, LSD, electroshock, and Kenny G Therapy...my own creation...not for the week of heart.  I discuss it in detail in "Kenny G: How the Devil Gave Us Therapy."  Those great chicken dinners would be lost to the recesses of my mind...just flickering images...like the ones I see of me standing on top of a building, naked, wearing a beer hat and smoking a cigar...images of meaningful nonsense. That was until I went to the Chicken Shack. Oh, sweet Chicken Shack. Let me hold you. Let me kiss you. Let me call you aunt...wait...never mind. 
Chicken Shack does what it does...and it does it amazingly! Chicken Shack chicken is never frozen. The breasts and the wings are huge...like Busty Dusty big. Ah, memories...I almost suffocated at a club in Pittsburgh once. 

The 5 strip lunch/dinner is more than enough for the biggest eater.  It comes with fries and a drink for under 8 bucks.  Fountain drink for unlimited soda. I saw these two huge fat guys mowing down a 5 piece. They looked full. They looked content. They looked like they had hypertension. God Bless America. The wings are excellent but I recommend the strips. More meat. Tender. Juicy. Delicious. Same price. 

The sauces. The sauces are key to a place like this. Like having weed on you when trying to sleep with Jennifer Aniston. Mandatory.  Well, Chicken Shack doesn't disappoint. Recently I had the special Habenero Honey. It was sweet. It was hot. It hurt a little bit after 4 pieces. It hurt the good way...like being dumped by Amanda Peet...that body can only keep you happy for a long time...then you are just praying for a stroke.  The BBQ sauce is excellent. The Garlic Parmesan sauce is absolutely amazing. The chili lime isn't very good, sorry. Too limey...like Hugh Grant. 

If chicken isn't your thing...then you think that Rex will tear into you for going to THE CHICKEN SHACK...but no...not at all...they have a burger there that is amazing. A single. A double. A triple. You can add cheese and bacon. Yes...triple cheese and bacon.  Oh is it good...it's really good. I ate it. I cried. I ate it again. I cried harder. I threw a chair out the window. I ran. 

They have an all you can eat chicken wing and 1 dollar beers. If that doesn't sound good to you then you are a loser. I say that with no hesitation. No remorse. No second guessing. You are the type of person who would hold up a bank but leave the stuff in the safe.

The atmosphere is great. They have funny slogans on the wall. Cute. Sickeningly cute. Rex is sarcastic. Rex hates it. Others will love it. 
The bottom line is that this is obviously a family place run by people who actually care. Rex is very happy to find a local business that prides itself on quality and building an ongoing local relationship with customers. Nice owners. Great food. Local. Cheap. Quality. 

When Rex dies please batter and deep fry him. He deserves the honor. Take a bite. Take a big bite. You love the way hate tastes.
I went here ever so eager. My eyes went wide at the menu - so many possibilities and so many sauces to try.

I opted for the standard wings. And went with trying 4 of the sauces - hot, damn hot, chili lime, and habanero honey. Blue cheese and ranch for dipping. Also ordered fries with fry sauce and potato salad.

The wings themselves are nice and plump. Very good quality. And the wings are actually breaded, which can be hard to do well. But the breading was nice and crisp and had a good flavor. So all is good with the actual wings.

The sauces, though, are lacking. The hot was actually more like a mild. Zero heat and little flavor. The chili lime was similar. I could barely tell it was chili lime there was so little flavor. The habanero honey also had zero heat and was too sweet. The damn hot, however, was fabulous. It had heat and flavor, but wasn't hot just for the sake of being hot. So, with the exception of the damn hot (which is the hottest on their menu), if you don't like heat or lots of flavor in your wing sauce, this might be the place for you. This is where they lose major points. The sauce is the most crucial part of the wings.

The blue cheese and ranch were ok, but not great. They didn't add anything to the wings. They're just sorta there.

The fries are really good. They are shoestring fries that are crispy and non-greasy. The fry sauce was just average. They do also offer chili cheese fries.

The potato salad was edible. And that's pretty much the best I can say about it.

Good service. Props for the $1 drafts and all you can eat wings.

Overall, if they could just get some better wing sauces (or my taste buds suddenly deteriorate), I might be back.
Move over Hooters and Buffalo Wild Wings cause I found the best chicken wings ever!!  

The size of their wings are so massive that it beats out all the other chicken spots I've tried.  Yes they're full of flavor, too!  So far I've only tried the garlic parmesan and habanero honey with ranch dipping sauce and it was so good!  

Prices are great, too!
The wings are awesome. Nice big meaty breaded wings just like Hooters!!!
This is our new go to wing joint, and let me just get this out of the way...This place serves some big ass wings!!! My husband and I crack up every time, wondering where the hell do they get these chickens?!  Soo.. big juicy, crispy well cooked wings and delicious sauces. (we've only tried a few so far) The chile-lime was yum, the habanero honey was sweet/spicy heaven for me. Both kids like the honey bbq, and occasionally we order the dry spiced wings for when we don't feel like getting down and dirty. They have lemon pepper and garlic parmesan, both good. The fries are super skinny, and that's a nice change...very crisp.

So why not 5 stars? I hate that they offer big packages, 25, 50 or 100 wings but you may only have 2 different flavors in those packages. I don't know if it's like that at other places or not, but regardless, I think it's lame. 
The second reason is that there are always dirty tables. Every time we've been, we've searched for the least dirty table and watched the other ones sit there un-wiped for the duration of our stay. You may be  understaffed due to the economy, but the tables have to be wiped down. No one wants to sit at someone else's mess. On the bright side, you can phone in your order, walk in and pick it up and bypass the dirty tables.
Yummy...omgosh...fries are awesome with mild sauce. The boneless chickens are huge and delicious. Like this place alot. Can't wait for my boyfriend to try and get his input. =]
great for wings
When you walk in and view the menu, you think you are in "Chicken Heaven". There are a variety of flavors and various seasonings you can choose for your fries. However, I was not impressed. I ordered the chicken wing and chicken strip meal with a side of fries. The chicken was cooked to a golden crisp and served hot. I ordered the garlic Parmesan, and thought it was waay too salty. Also, a few of my pieces of chicken were undercooked. The restaurant is small, so I had to get my food to go. I have heard mixed reviews and though my experience was not the greatest, I am willing to give Chicken Shack a second chance.
Their chicken is on steroids! 



I was thinking about getting the All You Can Eat special for $11.99 but I was stuffed after 5 wings. I tried the BBQ, Habanero Honey, and Garlic Parmesean. I think the Habanero Honey stood out the most and it's probably my favorite flavor there. I also got a side of cole slaw which tasted like KFC's (which I personally like). I also got a side of fries but it wasn't memorable and it didn't enhance the meal. Hence, I would probably opt out. As much as I like getting a bang for the buck, the unnatural plumpness of the chicken was bit disturbing. Though, I enjoyed the meal the breading was a little bit too thick. If they would refine the breading, I'd give them 3.5 stars for great price and the Habanero Honey flavor.
Awesome place. My friends and I got the 4 person deal. We got 25 wings, a gigantic basket of fries, 4 sodas, and 1 lb of potato salad. The wings were huge and they were very tasty. We had different opinions of what flavors to get, but we were happy with our choices. This is definitely recommended and we will come back to eat the "all you can eat wings".
these are the best chicken wings I've had.  Now, my scope is limited to hooters, bars, and such when consuming chicken wings but, I have eaten many many chicken wings.  

These are really crispy, good wing sauce, good blue cheese dressing.

I also ate the chicken fingers.  My friend didn't like them naked.

I believe these are the best chicken fingers I ate as well.  I liked the chicken fingers naked.

These fingers were thinly battered and just super fried.  Once again, you may decide that you like a whole bunch of batter on your fingers.

I haven't tried anything else. I plan on going back and finding it out.

If you are in the hood' this is the place for wings.
Located near the intersection of Sunset Rd. and Mountain Vista, which I like to think of as "old Green Valley." This place is definitely a beaut that contributes to the other mom and pop owned places in the area. Chicken Shack was a typical eating spot for me while I was attending USN because my classmates and I would come here during our lunch breaks or after school before we would get our study on. And yes, all the raving reviews are correct. From what I've tired, probably the best chicken wings in LV, so this place is a MUST TRY! 

I've noticed that I am a tough critic when it comes to the breading because Raising Canes is a little thin, while KFC is so thick I just opt to peel all the breading off. However, Chicken Shack has the perfect amount of thickness and also has nice crispy texture. Seasoned very well and they offer different types of flavors too like Wing Stop or BBW. The fries are also delish, thinly cut with extra crispies (almost the same as Yard House fries). They also have an all you can eat chicken option for $12.99, but I don't exactly know what it comes with. But I found that interesting because I've never seen such a thing at a chicken place. The only down side is you have to pay extra for ranch or blue cheese, which in my opinion kinda sucks. 

I really like the mom and pop vibe of this place with the friendly staff and decorations.They even have their specials written on a chalk board. All of it really makes everyone feel welcomed.
The Chicken Shack, not to be mistaken for Chicken Bonz. Although almost everything taste the same.

You may think 6 wings, fries, ranch and a drink for $9.12 is pricey, think again. These wings are huge and they give a generous amount of fries.  I recommend getting the 3 fingers and 3 wings combo, way worth it, the fingers are huge pieces of juicy breast meat.  They also have an AYCE special going on all day everyday for $11.95 ($1 dollar cheaper than chicken bonz).  I still have yet to try it.  They also have $1 drafts!

As for the inside, it's small and it's maintained pretty well, they got two TV's hanging on the wall, two arcade machines and limited seating on the inside, but there's a couple tables on the outside too.

Overall, flavor and quantity is what Chicken Shack has.  That's really all you need for a good place to eat right?
Mmm!  I was in the mood for chicken wings, and I wasn't disappointed.  I got the 3 wings/3 fingers combo for $9.  I tried the honey BBQ and teriyaki sauces on the side, and both were delicious.  I don't think the chicken pieces are necessarily huge, but it is quite tasty.  In my opinion, Hooters' wings are a bit bigger and tastier, but I will definitely be back to the Chicken Shack.
I've been coming here for 5 years. Food and service has always been good and the owners really are cordial. Feels like family almost. You HAVE to try the lemon pepper!
Had another craving for good chicken wings...thought I'd update my thoughts.

There's something about the batter on the chicken pieces that makes it taste so good...it's also spattered all over the fries.  It's just a nice, greasy, deliciously unnutritious meal.  I have to slightly recommend the wings over the fingers though, as the fingers are a little thick and dry.  I tried the BBQ and mild sauces this time, and the mild was nasty.  I'm not a hot wing guy, so I'd definitely recommend sticking with the honey BBQ or teriyaki sauces if you're anything like me.

TIP: The fingers taste better if you let them marinate for a few minutes in the styrofoam "to go" box on the way home...a lot juicier and tastier than dining in.
Shopping next door at Smith's for some time, we had seen the signs for Chicken Shack for some time. One day, our preshopping hunger was going to cost us way too much money in the grocery store, so, we decided to give the Chicken Shack a try.

We both got the chicken finger and fries, with a fountain drink for both of us. Looking at the menu, if I was a fan of wings (too much work, not enough food) I could see myself diving into their AYCE wings. With such a wide selection of sauces available, you could eat your fill and still not have tried all of their sauces (maybe).

Our food came out pretty quickly, and tasted quite good. My main complaint is that the fryer oil appeared to be very old, as our fingers were dark and a bit tough. The high level of grease soaked into the batter was bordering on being too greasy.

That won't be our last visit, I hope to give them a shot, and see if we can time it to be near when they change the fryer oil.
Wings are soooooooo yummy! 
Not ghetto, its just pretty laid back.  :) Had to mention this because I took a few friends here.  They told me that they haven't tried this place since they assumed it was...shall we say.. "Urban?' lol.  Not the case...

Way cool decor.  The statement on the walls are cool.  If you read them, they describe chickens but if you know the individuals that "said" these quoes, you'll find them funny! :) 

They offered a pretty decent variety of flavors of wings and Chicken strips. 
My fav: The Habenaro flavored wings.  

Pros: 
Can't stand soggy wings.  They fry these wings up and then cover the wings with flavor. Comes out fresh, crispy and hot.  
If you come here with a group of 4-5, order the 25 wing special which comes with two sides (I order the celery/carrots and fries), the wings and 4 drinks.  We don't ever finish this.  To go time! 

Cons: They could only offer you two flavors when you order that order.  I've tried the "hot"= don't like the Tabasco twist to these wings. I've had better.

Seating is sometimes limited because its a small joint.  

I keep coming back. If you love wings, you are missing out on great wings if you haven't tried this place. :)
Enjoyed Chicken Shack so much my second trip was only three days after my first! They have a sauce for everyone (try the jerk) & wings are the size they're SUPPOSED to be (big)!! They even have salad & burgers if wings aren't your thing.  They offer a really good ayce deal I'm not prepared to take advantage of...  yet.  Located in the same shopping center as Ross J's Aloha Grill  & a Roberto's this is a delicious food run adventure waiting to happen!
Great wings... WAY better than BWW and cheaper too.  Very small place so be prepared to share a table or get it to go.
so much chicken i love this place!
We've been a few times. Love the "Happy Hour" Special: 12 wings (one sauce choice, 1lb of fries and a pitcher of beer for $16.99. Chicken is crispy (we get our sauce on the side), fries are kinda thin for my liking but tasty none the less. 

Only concern...last weekend (Saturday 10/29) it made my husband sick. I dont think we will be back for a while.
I've passed Chicken Shack many times but have never came close to coming in.  Same center as Ross J's Aloha Grill. It is next to a Smiths and doesn't have a sign that stands out.  So I didn't expect much other than another chicken place.  Was I mistaken. 

First thing that caught my eyes were all the various quotes and license plates all over the walls, NICE.  Even saw a license plate from Hawaii that started with a 'K'. I'm 100% sure that a 'K' means it's from Kauai, my home.  They most have known I was coming LOL.  They have 2 flat screen TVs and two arcade games, PAC-MAN and Marvel Super Heros vs Street Fighter.

There wasn't anyone there when I arrived around 2-3pm.  But I just missed the rush, as I was waiting for my food it started to pick up and it was filled.

I ordered the #4 which was 3 wings, 3 fingers, fries and drink for $7.95. LOVED IT.  The wings were good, cant really mess that up.  But the fingers were AWESOME must have been a rhino's fingers, they were plumped, crispy and crunch on the outside, and juicy on the inside. The fries were different, it was prepared like how you would fry calamari and salty but really good, not your regular salt combination.  Something that I've been doing lately and recommend is having the sauce on the side.  My sauce of choice this time was the Hot Teriyaki sauce which was a perfect complement to the saltiness.  I left full but really wanted more. 

After talking to one of the worker I found out that Chicken Shack or at least this location has been open for 8 years already. I wished I found this place earlier, especially now that I don't live in the area, this would have been my regular eats.

They have a HH special which is actually all day everyday, its 12 wings, bucket of beers, and a basket of fries for $16. Which might be a good deal.  They also make burgers, sandwiches, and a fried or grilled chicken salad. I'll be back soon definitely.
I have gone to the Chicken Shack for years even when they were called Bones. I used to compare them to Canes, but they are different. I love the fingers. I've never had the wings because I'm more of a finger guy. Their sauces are great. I love their fries and their beans. The portions are generous. The staff is GREAT. If you
like fingers, don't miss out.
Best Wangs In Town!!
Was cruising around looking for somewhere to eat and saw the line inside this little joint in a strip mall.  Thought I would try it.  Boy was it good!  I decided to get takeout and I was not disappointed. I got the #4 combo - wings and strips with fries.  They had many sauces to choose from and since no one was in line behind me, the counter guy was extremely accomodating by letting me taste a few sauces to see which one I wanted.  Good price for a quick, delicious meal!  Enjoy the Chicken Shack!
We ordered the chicken wings and fingers.  Tried a few sauces - hot, lemon pepper and habanero honey.  Hot was standard buffalo sauce, lemon pepper was TOO salty and the habanero honey was great (not too sweet with a slight kick at the end).  The hot and habanero honey were sauces but the lemon pepper was a dry rub.  I like my wings and fingers crunchy so next time I will ask for sauce/dry rub on the side.  Chicken was not dry and the portion size was good.  The only negative thing was the cashier made a mistake on my order.  He offered to correct my order, but I would have to pay the difference.  No thanks, it was your mistake buddy.  Overall, the food was good and I liked the decor.  I don't expect mistakes to be made all the time so I think 3 stars is fair but my true rating would be 3.5 stars.
Forget all the chains ,Forget the Bars, Forget Canes They can't compare to the chicken shack.They have a top quality product and they deliver the goods every single time.

You have read the reviews and they are all true. If you order 5 fingers and fries you better be hungry there is nothing frozen here and the quality of the chicken is amazing!

The fries are like shoestring fries seasoned lightly and you get a big portion of them with your combo.

The wings are just as large I ordered the 3 fingers and 3wings a great way to try them both.

Better choices of types of sauce too but the best way is plain with sauce on the side

Come Hungry and Enjoy!
Great service and nothing beats an air conditioned quaint place. 

The bf and I had a "half & half" of 3 wings and 3 fingers with shoestring fries. 
Tried : Honey bbq, hot teriyaki, garlic parmesean, and lemon pepper. Gotta say the lemon pepper was my favorite since there was this kick to it at the end. 

Ended up eating just one of each because we were curing a hangover... 
Their sweet tea is excellent! 

Brought it home for dinner and dipped it into spinach dip which was surprisingly good. 

Will definitely go back again
We really liked this place. Order the sauce on the side. We tired the fingers, wings, fries, and potato salad, ranch, bbq and fry sauce  It was great and we had it to go which is so not the same as eating in!  Defiantly will go back!
This place is not bad. My wife were on vacation in Vegas and wanted some wings. Tired of buffets! So we went here, the place is not far from the strip. The place is in a strip mall. We walk in and didn't know what to expect, we found this place on yelp and decided to give this place a try. We ordered some wings, fingers, fries and coleslaw. The wings were good but a little salty for my taste, the fingers were bad had to chew on them for hours before I could swallow the darn thing, will not order fingers again! Coleslaw was bland nothing to rave about. The fries were good, string fries. The tables were not clean. The hot sauce and ketchup bottle was crusty. The workers looked high from smoking weed. This place has good wings but I guess it's a hit or miss with the sauce you choose. Will I go here again, probably yes. I will give them another try.
I was really hoping to find a suitable replacement for WingStop, since the closest one to us is across town. WingStop back in Cali was my favorite go to spot for crispy well seasoned wings, but I have yet to find a place out here in Henderson near home that can compare.
I ordered the #4 which comes with 3 boneless wings and 3 regular wings all in the Lemon Pepper flavor.
The fries are pretty tasty - well seasoned super thin shoe string fries, but the wings were too much on the salty side compared to what I'm used to getting with WingStop's lemon pepper wings.
Plus, as one Yelper pointed out, they keep their back door open, which you can clearly see from the ordering counter.  That somewhat worries me, for obvious health hazard reasons....
The place is real small, untidy and not as inviting as some describe it to be.
It was an okay visit, but I'd rather go elsewhere - even contemplating just sucking it up and travelling across town to get my WingStop fix.
I used to come by when this placed was called Chicken Bonz and the name had always fascinated me. So I decided to stop by with a couple friends and we were not disappointed.

The place definitely has that mom and pop feel to it. The walls are decorated by license plates and 'why did the chicken cross the road' jokes. They even have a couple of arcade machines if you get bored. The menu is pretty standard for a chicken place. They have wings, fingers, fries along with several sauces. They also had a burger, coleslaw, and some other stuff but I mean c'mon who gets the cheese burger and the chicken finger restaurant?

The fingers were great, juicy and moist and good size. The shoestrings fries were just like the ones you would find at other restaurants but a good addition to the meal. I had mine tossed in the hot bqq which had a perfect combo of spicyness and bbq flavor. The honey bbq and the lemon pepper are also great. 

While I thought the food was great I did notice that the service was pretty slow. I understand they really focus on fresh food, but it should not take 25 minutes to get chicken fingers out. It's a fast food restaurant and even some sit-down places are quicker than that. I also think its a bit pricey for chicken fingers, a 5 finger combo is close to $10bux. Still def worth checking out if your into chicken.
Great Quality Chicken Strips!!!
They have a great selection of dipping sauces that can be drizzled over top or on the side for dipping. The batter is light and salty and the chicken is 100% breast meat.
Very tender.
The prices are reasonable and there is a sauce for everyone.
For an alternative to "Fast Food" that is a bit more healthy than the chain stores give Chicken Shack a try. I prefer them to Canes.

We were told the name change occurred when the original Chicken Bonz owners wanted to increase margin with frozen chicken and lower cost recipes and preparation. 

Regardless of the name Chicken Shack is a solid pick for some Good Fried Chicken in Las Vegas.
I thought the comments "chicken on steroids" and "unusually plump" were funny,,,, and yet true!  It is plump n tender, batter can be a bit more separated but overall a good chicken strip.  Habanero honey sauce is tasty, tried a few other sauces but they were ehhhh... U gotta find your own sauce! Cole slaw was a bit below KFC level, a bit soggy and minced, they do have $1 drafts! (12oz)
For 5.95 you get 3 strips, fries n soda, not a bad deal... 

And free chicken quotes on the walls....
Chicken Shack.

I'll keep you my dirty little secret. Don't tell anyone.

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aqwn3jdQLCWnb59gHK4nAw?select=RdNqQUC1ycmedKx6NWD0Rg#YUmHZ0Wy3sIY5w6H0OZDKw

Who has to know?

Best fingers. Best fries. That's all you need to know.
Best chicken fingers in town, noisy always crowded at noon but food is good hot and plentiful!! I'm never disappointed plus they take good care of regulars!
Not to much of a chicken person, but decided to join in with some friends. Chicken Stack is actually very good, I was pretty impressed. Got to bring my family here to try it they love chicken wings. This place is hidden in shopping center only way we knew about this place was through yelp.
Took a bit of a drive to visit Chicken Shack and I am glad I did.

I walked in and looked at the menu and thought to myself that I could put down a 5 piece chicken fingers easy so I better get some wings to back them up. The portions here are huge and they also have the best fingers I've had in town so far. I was delighted. I love Fried Chicken so much that I drive to L.A. just to eat at Roscoe's, The Chicken Lady, and KyoChon. I am happy this place is here because I would have to drive to L.A. for it too.

Thank you Jaime W. for letting me in on your little secret. I'm hooked, I need to come back here again.
Try the chicken salad with some sauce on the side. Can't beat it.
Had a very enjoyable experience at The Chicken Shack. The food was quick to be served and tasted great! Not to mention the service was an A+!
I think I've been here enough times that I should finally be giving it a rating.

So far, I've pretty much only had fingers and fries combos. Three fingers is the right size if you're alone, unless you're super hungry. Five is a bit high unless you're sharing with a friend or two, Sometimes, they'll throw in an extra finger if they think that your pieces are a little small.

I have to start with the fries. They are the best shoestring fries I've had anywhere. There's just something to the flavor that draws you in. Don't put ketchup on them though. I don't know why, but that destroys the flavor for me. You can dip them in sauces (see below).

And of course, the chicken fingers are the main point of the restaurant. They are large. They are crunchy. They are tender. And they come with dry or wet sauces (note: get wet sauces on the side if you don't want to destroy the crunchy texture of the fingers). Come back multiple times and try many sauces.

I have no darn clue why there isn't a lemon-lime soda option here. That's the only negative that I have to share. I would probably just get a small cup for water if I could, but a drink comes with the combo.
Why'd the chicken cross the road? To go to Chicken Shack...duh! ha ha

I've been to Chicken Shack a few times now, and it's been consistently good. For about $6.00, you can get fries, 3 chicken strips, and a soda - Combination #3 on the menu...they also have beer (on tap) for around a $1.00, but the selection is limited. Both times I've been, the place has been packed with people. It's a small space, but I've always been able to snag a table. I like when a restaurant has some personality, and this place is anything but boring! The staff is friendly, the patrons are lively, and the walls are covered in funny phrases that reference chickens...on top of that, the service is usually pretty quick.

Okay, now for the food. The star here is the chicken. It's crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside...it's surprising that with no bone they are able to keep the chicken so tender and juicy, but somehow they manage to do it. I should mention, too, that these are NOT little chicken strips...they are plump pieces of all white meat (their chicken is the antithesis to McDonald's ha ha). Every time, my friend thinks that he needs the 5 piece, and although he finishes them, he always says it was too much food! Everyone is different, but the 3 piece combo has always been plenty for me. I get the Habanero Honey BBQ sauce on the side, and also order a side of blue cheese. One of my pet peeves at restaurants is when they nickle and dime you, and here the blue cheese/ranch/extra sauce is an extra $0.49/$0.35...I'd rather them just factor that cost into my food. The fries are good, but after eating my chicken, I find that it is salt overload...

The reason I come here is for the chicken. They execute it well, and they're consistent. If you're craving some fried chicken, skip KFC and check this place out!
If I eat any more of their strips, I will grow feathers.

This unassuming small eatery has great strips.  I am the kind of person that tries to eat things I wouldn't normally cook, and chicken strips is one of those  things on my "don't buy it if you can cook it" foods.  I gave in to my hubby's begging to try this place one day after work.  We drove from the southwest to Henderson just for these strips, and I told him, "these better be awesome for the trip."

Fortunately, he was right--the strips are awesome.  They are huge (I'm wondering what size these chickens are) and juicy.  Their coating is great and the sauces are wonderful.  I love their shoestring fries, but I was honed in to those strips and downed three on my own.  I even gave the wings a try, and they are quite tasty.  

Overall, a great place to stop for some chicken.  I will drive down to Henderson just for these strips despite a closer competitor.  They're awesome.
good chicken, good service!!
We were missing our favorite chicken fingers from Old
Chicago restaurant back in Colorado. We truly hit the jackpot with The Chicken Shack. The chicken tenders here are huge, and very tasty.
I just wish there was more room to sit and eat. All tables were full. But when every table is taken, you have to know this place rocks!
I am not a huge fan of this place. The food is way salty which is good for some people at some times(the bf loves salty ass food), but my firm belief is if you sell food, don't nickel and dime for stuff that makes YOUR food better. For example, making me pay a side price for some (veggie sticks)celery and carrots, ridiculous. Celery is literally a dollar for a giant bunch. Charging for ranch? At a dedicated chicken wing place? Wha??? I mean, where is any logic there?? If you want more than one type of sauce, charge. I mean really...

I am a frequent craver of chicken wings, fingers, anything crunchy and salty with some hot sauce and celery. The celery is a must. I still think it is  a travesty that some fast food pizza places have the audacity to serve wings and yet do not carry celery. I frequented this place a lot at first, but after a while spending over ten bucks a pop for a single meal just so I can get some celery and ranch with my meal is ridiculous. Now I just head over across to (casino takeout)...which is good but I would rather support small business.
Yummmm is all I have to say.  The chicken fingers were delicious. And I'm not sure of what they do to their fries but they were really good as well. I wasn't a huge fan of their new bourbon sauce or their chipotle bbq (very watery) but everything else was good. I'll definitely go again!
I've been coming here for the past few years whenever I need my wing fix. Their wings are delicious, but I always opt for their strips just for the mere fact that I never like getting my hands dirty.  I usually order the combo, their fries are so yummy and their wing portions are huge - I can always get away with just three pieces to feel full.  Lemon pepper is usually my go-to flavor but they've got many others to choose from, all of which are just as good.  Definitely better than all the other wing chains in the city.
Best wings in town, without a doubt. Fast friendly service. Awesome fries.
I've been coming here for over 5 years.  Amazing food!  Wings, strips and chili is the best in this city.
Good but Raising Canes chicken fingers are better IMO. Fries are the bomb!
This place is great I give it five stars total. Its a small place its always full and that means hot food. Nope you wont get any cold food here. They have wings, strips and fries. They have strong good soda pop with a extra clean soda pop machine. Rather you eat it inside or take it home you will be hooked on they chicken. They have cool quotes on the wall about chickens. This place is also not over priced so it wont kill your budget if your like me and your on a budget.
good "hole-in-the-wall". great chicken. a touch salty, but still pretty damn good, hand-breaded and fresh. 

i give it an overwhelming thumbs up!
Ok so I gave them a 2 instead of 1 because the fries are good. Ordered Cajun wings, got buffalo. The manager Frank wanted to argue on the phone that we just don't know their favors because he personally made it. After 5 minutes of going back and forth he mentioned the color of the wings and he didn't know what to say when we told him that they are orange (buffalo wings!) then he said (knowing we live over 20 minutes away) to bring the unbeaten ones which should be 12 since its not  what we wanted, and he would remake them. When we told him it would be next Friday or Saturday that we would be in the area again, he said ok, then save them, because they don't give food away.... So when I said my husband ate one but we a saving the rest to bring him, he said he would only replace the 11 since we ate one. 
I have never been treated so poorly by a restaurant that made a mistake. Plus it is against health codes to have a customer bring in food the establishment. 
Waiting on a call from John or Melissa (owners). Wonder if they will get my message?????
Place was good enough that i'd come back. Chicken was just a little salty. Really enjoyed the fries with that fry sauce. The dude who was runnin the desk seemed like good people, other than being a Cubs fan lol. Gotta support local mom and pop joints like this though!
It was no red meat day for me and I wasnt really enthused that Mr. B wanted some chicken fingers (again!) for lunch and I didnt care to go to RR or RC ...ugh no, Im not chicken fingers fan and if I was going to have chicken Id much rather have wings.   So l suggested this place that had both. I had it bookmarked "to try" from when trusty Jaime W. did a review on it. The place was familiar to us as we used to come here years ago when it was another name (Chicken Bonz!) Then Ross J's moved in the same area and I was all over their plate lunches.

The crunchy coating of their chicken wings is what won me over. I tasted hints of garlic seasoning in it.   I got the #3 wings & fries dealie.  Chose mild flavor sauce topped with more garlic parm seasoning.  The wings were pretty good size, real meaty, and the coating was nice golden brown. Just fried up so they were really nice and hot and juicy when I took my first bite.  I like the fact I can substitue the veggie sticks instead of having fries. But for this time I got both since it was shoestring fries.  The thin cut has just the right amount of potato to satisfy my starchie food craving.  The chicken fingers must've met Mr. B.'s approval since he got up again and got another order to go. 

The place was busy the whole time we were there during mid afternoon. Their dining area is pretty casual and had some fun wall decor with "why did the chicken cross the road" jokes. Four seat table and chairs accommodated everyone easily since alot of orders were "to-go"  We chose to eat there, so we placed our order at the counter and our cashier took it to our table when it was ready.  Staff was  friendly and service was pretty good. The wait time in line was short and our order came out in the fair amount of time since it was cooked to order. 
 
So for this side of town, forget the chain places! Im making Chicken Shack our go to place when the family wants to drag me along for chicken fingers. Im down for their chicken wings for sure.
Nice little joint you guys got here tucked away in a plaza off of East Sunset Road.

I ordered the number 1 combination which consists of 6 Wings, Fries, and a Drink for 8.29 plus tax. I chose chipotle honey barbeque sauce for the wings which has a nice combination of sweet and spicy. The wings themselves has a slight breading on it which gives it more of a crunch to its crispiness.

As for the fries, SHOESTRING! I dont think I have had shoestring fries that good in a long time. If anything, I would go out on a limb and say it was even better than the wings! I can only fantasize how good their chili cheese fries might be. 

They also have chicken strips, burgers, and a salad with your choice of grilled or fried chicken. 

Now for the downers. Their prices are bit high for your basic chicken wings. The biggest thing I think that doesnt make sense is that they dont serve you any sauces with your wings like ranch, blue cheese, etc. Of course you can have your choice of dipping sauce but only if you wanna pay extra. Also if you want veggies like celery or carrots, that is also a separate charge. WHAT? When you think of wings, you see a plate or basket full of wings, fries, veggies and dipping sauce. That right there is perfection. I can think of many other places that give you dipping sauces and veggies included with your meal or at least free when you ask for it. 

With everything mentioned, mostly good and a little bit of bad, this warrants 4 stars. To the owners, if you are reading this, a little bit of sauce and veggies goes a long way.
My family and I had dinner with Jaime W. and Shirley B. It was quite lovely.
I got what most people would get. Chicken fingers and fries. The fries were da bomb diggity. Dip them in ranch, perfection. I would want to be buried in these. The fingers were decent as well. Dip them in ranch as well, they will be tons better. (I am in an open relationship with ranch.) It was pretty grimy there though. Doesn't see like they clean the tables. You sit, you clean up your mess, with the exception of a few crumbs and papers. You order at the desk, so the staff probably doesn't see the nastiness of their tables, other than a quick glance when they bring your food. It was sticky. You can get over it once you eat though. Just wash your hands after and you'll be as fresh as a daisy.
Group of co-workers wanted to try out this place and figured I joined in  on this lunch venture. The place was little busy, great to have gotten there before the lunch rush. I ordered the first combination (6 wings, fries & drink). I got my wings Habanero Honey and it was so good! I will definitely be coming back during lunch or dinner.
Awsome wings and chicken, plenty of different sauces,  1.00 beers!
Hands down, THE BEST CHICKEN WINGS IN TOWN!  We've been a loyal customer since we moved here!

My husband and I are big fans of chicken wings.  When we moved to town, it is one of those necessary food items to find for football Sundays.   

When we first found the Chicken Shack, we were pleasantly surprised by the very quick service and the friendly staff.   I don't think we had to wait over 5 minutes for our food to be ready.  The wings were giant as compared to Buffalo Wild Wings, Hooters or any pizza place.  The hot sauce had a great flavor with the kick that we love.  

DON'T FORGET THE FRIES! There is something about their shoestring french fries that are so addicting!  They are delicious!

The great moment is when we walked in for only our second visit and they remembered us!   That was incredible to me.  Almost like Norm going into Cheers!  From then on, every Sunday that I called our order in for football, I didn't even have to leave my name.  He would hear my voice,  ask me if I wanted our usual order and said he'd see us in a few!  

Great Food! Great customer service!  Great little restaurant!
Great food, fast service. The only concer was with cleanliness. The floors were filthy, the tables had some kind of rubber mat on them that seemed greasy. The business was hopping. Good food pevails. The sauces were wonderful. Great fries.
Will keep coming back!!!
This place was good. Good price for wings, fries and a drink. Two of my boyfriends chicken fingers were overdone but overall will be coming back. Place stayed busy
Wow! It should be called CheapSkate Shack! We are obviously regulars here (ashamed to say Dukedom) and they wouldn't let us have a water cup...basically accusing us of trying to steal soda. My daughter drinks water or soda. If she wanted soda today, we would have bought a soda like all the other times before. But to hassle regular customers about a stupid water cup is RIDICULOUS!! 
Being the greasy dive you are CS, you will attract the less than savory crowd who take advantage of water cup privileges. Solve the problem without insulting your regular paying clientele!
Also from the lack of cleanliness in your dining area...you could do for a health inspection.
Before the movies today, my work team decided to have some lunch at the chicken shack.  I've heard some good things about their chicken so I was excited!

When you get there, you'll notice two picnic tables outside for additional seating.  I don't know if the tables are constantly cleaned, but it looked sticky and dusty.  When you get inside, there are tables on both sides of the restaurant:  two tops, four tops and 6 top tables. The inside seemed the same type of cleanliness as the outside tables.  Just looked sticky and a little dirty.  It looks like a small place, however, they seem to be efficient.  A lot of people were there but we fortunately got a few tables fast.  The staff was really nice, a guy and a girl in the front.  They were really busy but kept professional and nice.  

For the food, we literally got about 150 pieces of chicken:  100 wings and 50 chicken tenders and a bunch of fries for about $150.  We got a lot of different flavors and sauces on the chicken.  Mild and medium heat chicken wings/tenders, lemon pepper wings and my favorite, garlic Parmesan wings.  The wings are super crispy and juicy inside.  I ate a bunch of wings and they were all cooked perfectly.  The garlic Parmesan really had a lot of flavor and no overly salty.  ON POINT!!!  The lemon pepper flavor wasn't overpowering and managed to still shine through.  I REALLY liked the chicken.  Definitely would recommend the food to someone else!

All in all, we ordered way too many wings for our group of people today.  We literally ended up wasting a bunch of wings because we were going to the movies right after and didn't want to leave the food in the car during the movies.  Aside from that, I was definitely a happy customer and think the wings were great!  Will be back for more :)
This review is truly a 3.5, BUT everyone knows how I feel about good service and they had it. I could really make this one short and sweet. Better quality chicken than wing stop or b-dubs, not better sauces. Similar concept, but more mom and pop style instead of chain food. To me you can taste the freshness, which made up for the "just so-so" garlic parm flavor. Also tried spicy teriyaki and I expected more spice. The spicy ranch however was AMAZING. I think their dips are up to par if not better than the rest. I upped it to 4 also because I haven't tried all the sauces yet, and I will for sure return based on quality N service.
 Another good local Hendo spot! Check!
First  things first - the chicken strips.  Big, juicy, crispy, greasy deliciousness.  I got them plain with bbq on the side for dipping.  Yum.  Shoestring fries also good, the price for the combo is very fair.  Why only 3 stars?  Well, I hate to pile on but previous reviewers are right - the tables/eating area is a dump.  Come on Chicken Shack, either hire someone to clean up the place or have one of your current workers spend a few minutes out of each hour wiping down tables, emptying trash and mopping up.  My shoes were sticking to the floor it was so bad.  I told myself that the cleaning problem was probably just limited to these areas, since I wanted that chicken, but it's not hard to extrapolate and think that the kitchen might not be so great either.  These aren't the kind of thoughts you want your customers to have.
This place is down the street from me so I decided to try it. The fries are scrumptious, thin & crispy the best! The fingers are large, the sauces are yummy! It could use a real good cleaning inside, but it is, what it is and for a yummy quick bite to eat, I like it! I have to try some other items next time! I will be back.
Delicious chicken! Hot and fresh. I recommend the three piece meal which comes with fries, not too big but enough to fill you up. The fries are shoestring and are very tasty and the sauces you can choose from are all good. I recommend the spicy ranch.
EVERY time I visit Las Vegas, this is my first stop.  There are few food items in this world I would choose to eat over the Chicken Shack chicken sandwich.
Thinking about wings to hang with my son and instead of Buffalo Wild Wings, we to Chicken Shack based on yelp review from Bethany E.  She gave it a five star and I am glad we tried it!

a.  Location - In a funky odd strip mall near to the great Ross J Aloha Grill!  Plenty of parking and space.  This is a very small place that can seat perhaps 30 people approximately.

b.  The fare - Here you can get hamburger, chicken strips, chili and the famous chicken wings.  You can buy by quantity or in combos.  We decided the 25 piece for 22.89 and also the fries. 

c.  The taste - Nice and plump wings with a crispy textured coating. Very nice. Not greasy or anything, just right. The sauces come in a variety of flavors that are given to you free based on the quantity you order. 

d.  The extras - If you want something like ranch or blue cheese, this will cost you like .39c per small cup.  Odd, but okay.  The veggies of carrots and celery cost you and is considered a side.  They have small and large side portions including macaroni salad and potato salad.  I am sure there were other things I am missing here as I was focused on the wings.

e.  Speaking of wings - Further to my comments, I did like the wings, however, the ratio of drum sticks to the wing portion was about 3-1 and I prefer the wing portion with the two bones.

f.  A following - When we walked in, we were the only people here. After five minutes, the place was packed!  I say, check this place out. It is not bad at all and for the good ole wing craving, this is a well priced and tasty place.
One of the best local places, they serve big and juicy pieces! And not to mention their fries! They might be a bit thin but they're really good and taste fresh.
I looove their fries! I'm a shoestring fry kinda girl. I got the garlic parmesan wings and they were pretty good. Not much to complain about.. good price, good food. Just the woman working the counter seemed a little bit too busy and didn't provide such great customer service. Everything else was good!
Wish I could give 3.5. I work right across the street from this little joint and had to try it on my lunch break. The service was good,  the woman hat took my order was very friendly and knew it was our first time. Prices are a bit high but no too bad. I got the fingers plain with fries, I like to try stuff like this without all the bells and sauces to really get a sense of the food. The fingers were big and hot (temperature), but they weren't very crispy and the actual chicken part was a tad dry. The fry portion was huge and tasty, nice crispy little fries. 
I really want to try their wings, sauces sounded good and wings other patrons had looked pretty good. I'll try it again.
I use to work near by so if I was getting lunch this was usually the 2nd place I would pick. When I would go I usually got the 3 piece finger meal, believe me it's enough to make you full without being over stuffed. 

It comes with 3 large sized chicken fingers, shoestring fries, a sauce, and drink.  

I don't know what seasoning they put on the  fries but the are the most scrumptious fries I've ever had, and I hate shoestring fries. 

I always get the sauce on the side. I get the honey mustard sauce, which costs a bit more but I don't mind because its like crack!  I'm really not a fan of their buffalo sauces something is off putting about them.

What I love most is that it's quick, tasty, real chicken fingers, AND they have sweet tea (that alone pulls at my southern girl heart strings)
This is a small chicken place that I thought must be worth a try considering I still love a good chicken finger meal.  The shop itself is small but really cute.  I enjoyed the "chicken" sayings that were painted on the walls throughout the shop.  Definitely good for a laugh while waiting for your food. 

The shop certainly wasn't clean as a whistle.  But the service was nothing to complain about.  

I didn't enjoy my chicken fingers.  Breading was not as crispy as I prefer and the finger itself was just... eh.  I did enjoy the shoestring fries.  

It's not exactly the same but while I was there I just kept thinking, "If a Raising Cane's were closer I would have just gone there."  

I'd go again and try more stuff but it probably won't come to mind over other lunch joints.
A huge amount of food for a relatively cheap price. But the tenders we had were on the dry side. I'll have to give this place another try and see if they redeem themselves. If it's good enough for chumlee, it's good enough for me
Taste like moms fried chicken Yummy! And who could beat the $1 draft beer, great baked beans and mustard potato salad. (Why do most people make it mayo? It's just not right.) The family was divided on which sauce is the best. Top picks: chili lime, honey BBQ, Jamaican Jerk. Oh and my daughter believes the tea rates right up there with good southern tea.
Not impressed... The wings are WAY to greasy and chicken strips are too dry. I've been here twice, hoping I'll feel differently the next time around but no... A selection of sauces is nice but the wing and strips are lacking. As you bite in, you taste old oil, ew.
Chicken Shack is a great restaurant! It's a real mom & pop place.

I can't eat any thing breaded due to my gluten allergy. They make me the chicken tenders but without the breading and it is delicious! You can really tell it's good quality chicken. They also make a great chicken salad.

This little spot is great! Stop by and see what you have been missing.
Wow good.  Not to diminish the Chicken, but the French Fries are out of this world.  Hardest choice in ordering is what type of sauce for your wings and fingers - there are so many choices.
Love their chicken fingers but they need to really work on service. Each time I call to place order the order taker never repeats order and then they feel annoyed that you expect them to...Sorry but I too worked in fast food establishment and was taught to repeat order with customer. Sometimes they are not clear with their own menu. But good enough to go back.
Best chicken in Vegas! I have been coming here for 10 years and the staff make you feel right at home. Their salads are fantastic and don't forget to order the fries. 

Go here and you don't want chicken any place else in Vegas.
I do love me some chicken shack. 

This place has some really great fried chicken, but what sets them apart is their expansive sauce selection. My personal favorite being the honey bbq and hot bbq. Their fries are also just amazing. 

My only one complaint is that the chicken isnt always consistent. At times their chicken can be very chewy, and not so easy to eat. I would say I experience this about  one out every three or four visits. Thus why I have not been dining there as much lately. 

When their chicken is good its a 5 star place, but with the inconsistency I can only give them 4.
Thanks to Bethany E. for turning me on to Chicken Shack. To my surprise after I checked in and was seated Bethany came over and introduced herself. It was a pleasure to meet you finally Bethany!

It was the lunch hour and Chicken Shack was rockin although I had no problem finding convenient parking. I opted for the six wing combo which included shoe string fries and a beverage. Service is prompt - within minutes my entree was brought to my table and I was taken back of the size of  the chicken pieces served. I chose chipotle sauce on the side which was tasty and the fries were also yummy. The portions are generous here and I couldn't finish all  the fries.

I would definitely return to the Chicken Shack.
Nice location... Service was good but nothing major. From the look and smell of the garlic parmesan wings I was expecting greatness!! The crunch and seasoning on the wing is excellent! However, one bite of the chicken and you wonder what happened. There is no flavor in the actual chicken... Such a sad find. It doesn't take much to season chicken... If they did that it would put them above the national franchise. The fries are cut thinner then most places but are so good! My disappointment comes when the signature item lacks flavor. I'd eat there again but I will definitely be trying something else.
This is a little hole in the wall place in a Smiths parking lot. I would've normally just overlooked it if a friend hasn't give me a gift card. 

Chicken Shack does chicken justice. I had some of the best chicken strips I've ever tasted. Their grilled chicken sandwich was similarly tasty. The choices of sauce are add nice variety and flavor. Further, the portions are generous.

However, the Chicken Shack's strength is also the major weakness. The focus is on chicken such that there aren't many non-chicken selections. There is salad and burgers, but it seems to defeat the purpose of going to a chicken specialty restaurant.

Take home point: if you're craving delicious chicken, this is a good place to satisfy that hunger.
I used to work at Sunset Park for Clark County. So, I've been to the chicken "shack" since it was Chicken Bonz.

The blonde lady who runs the register has been there since I remember. She really didn't smile, or seem to have any personality at all. I remember ordering chicken tenders in habenero honey to go, with fries. The meal that I got was six pieces of chicken, and included a drink. Somehow, this ends up close to $11.

$11...? That's like charging me a dollar for every piece of chicken. Then charging $2 for a handful of fries, and then $2 for a drink, plus tax. I just think that's a little steep.

I get home, and I didn't have tenders, I had wings...and they are wimpyyyyyy!!!

The sauce was good, and so were the fries. I just think that the prices are steep, and the feeling of the store isn't very welcoming.
The best chicken fingers I've ever had! Very juicy/ moist white meaty! Chicken! Had the damn hot sauce on the side! I personally give it a complete hands down!
Had some honey BBQ chicken fingers and fries. They were a bit over cooked which made them very dry. The fries here are good but fries alone are not going to make me return.
I am absolutely in love with this place. I don't know what they do or how they do it but I find myself craving their chicken strips all the time. I would like to try other things on the menu but I feel like if I don't order the chicken strips I will regret it. The habenero honey is my favorite. Also, this place is reasonably priced. Chicken strips, drinks and fries usually come out $6/person.
This place is "A-OK" as the 3 star rating indicates.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but it's a better alternative than, say, gnawing my own arm off.

The shoestring fries would be very tasty, but they were so covered in salt that I couldn't eat more than a couple.  It must've been a heavy-handed day in the kitchen based on everyone's otherwise rave reviews.

I had chicken fingers and they were tasty.  The breading was good and they were cooked well.  The ranch was runny, but yummy.

It's expensive for what you get, but not highway robbery.  Also, the woman at the counter needs to relax a bit.  Honey, you're not running a Fortune 500 company.  It's the Chicken Shack.  Take a chill pill sister.
I LOVE CHICKEN SHACK! And I love it even more because it is so close to my house. I have only ordered their wings (honey habanero are my favorite, but all of the flavors are excellent) because they are just too good to pass up on every time I go in. Sauces are unique and do not taste like any other wing place in town. Strongly recommend!
Some of the best wings in Henderson, and the best take-out wings I've ever had. 

They are cooked perfectly and their sauces are delicious. My favorites are the honey habanero, Hot, spicy teriyaki and sweet chili. 

Shoe string fries are addictive, how do they make them so good ?!? Dip them in their crack sauce, I mean honey mustard and OMG. I literally have to throw them away to stop eating them. Their coleslaw is also really good. 

So why 4 stars? 
They charge you for sauce ?! I have never had wings that don't come with Blue cheese ( ranch for the west coasters) on the side. It's annoying is all it is. 
No celery and carrots either?! This you also have to pay for. We always pay extra for these things because you're eating wings and these items are necessities. For the cost you would think it would be built into the price. 

I would come here more often if it wasn't for the things mentioned above. Other than that, you won't be dissaointed.
This is an awesome little chicken wing/strip joint. The decorations are clever and cute. The food came out very fast. I order the 5 piece chick strip combo with medium sauce on the chicken and blue cheese dressing on the side with fries and a drink for $7.95. Love this place. Definately coming back!
Based on my first experience I this place gets four stars. It could swing either way though. The chicken sandwich was very tasty. The fries are the second best I've had next to Sammie's LA pastrami. It is a little pricey $8.10 for my sandwich. The honey BBQ actually taste like it has honey in it. Once I've tried more I will probably change this review.
Love this place, it's close to work so we are regulars. Chicken is awesome and they are big wings. Only warning is, if you want to dine in get there before 1130 the place gets packed
Great fast friendly service.  The chicken is amazing. Super fresh and tasty.  I had the medium wings "flats are the best" with the Parmesan garlic sprinkled on them.  Absolutely delicious.  Also got to try the fingers with sweet and sour sauce and hot BBQ.  Also wonderful. I'm not usually a big fan of white meat. But these fingers were so juicy and tender I couldn't help but to devour them.  Fries. Don't get me started.  The shoestring fries are fantastic. I recommend having them with tons of pepper.  They were great.
One of my new favorite spots , the service , the food , and especially the ranch were perfected ! I couldn't ask for more ! 
Keep doin what your doin
Yum! Chicken is tasty and love the sauces, although two of the BBQ sauces tasted exactly the same. The honey habanero sauce was excellent; should be called honey habanero BBQ sauce though because that's more what it tasted like. Great for a chicken fix since I don't have Chick-Fil-A! Fries are good, too. Nothin to make a big fuss about, just a solid take on a staple. :)
I go there with my girls and mom. We love it! I dont like honey mustard that much but theirs is really, really good. 
Chicken is excellent!  My mom loves the fries! It get really busy at lunch and the place is small. So plan ahead, i would say
I love this place.  The chicken is so good that you don't even need sauce but you want it!  Every sauce I have tried is good but I love the medium!  Lemon pepper rub is also good.  Portions are really good sized and most times when I ask for extra fingers, they give me more than I ask for for free!  The fingers are the way to go although you also can't go wrong with the wings.  Better than canes or any other chicken place around.
I absolutely love the chicken here.  I've had both the wings and tenders and highly recommend both.  The garlic parmesan and lemon pepper dry rubs are full of flavor and I am also a big fan of the honey habanero.  If you want a sauce and you don't like it too saucy I would suggest getting it on the side, as they slather it on here!  Fries are really good too....not to mention they have inexpensive draft beer.  Great place all the way around!
Phone order your food ahead of time.. The batter they use for the wings here are amazing!
Consistent, cooked to juicy perfection, crispy, tons of sauce options, delicious shoestring fries, very generous portions, and your plate will be ready before you get a chance to sit down and pull out your phone. If you're a fried chicken fanatic then this place is where you will find the best bang for your buck as well as your palate. If only there was another location in Vegas!!!
Back for a follow up. The place was somewhat cleaner. Looked like perhaps they mopped the floor in the last 2 weeks. The clientel is pretty scuzzy. The music was so loud we couldn't even talk. Asked the counter man to turn it down. He grumbled and then turned it down and then right back up again. Would have fired him on the spot if it was my place. Service is slow due to a huge take out business. Lots of people ordering and taking home. 

Food decent. Fries are great. Keep tryin chicken shack. You will eventually get it right.
Definitely the best wings I have had eating out. They have a pretty awesome deal Including wings, fries and a pitcher of beer for like 20 bucks. Highly recommend this place if your looking for solid wings!
Always a pleasant and satisfactory meal at chicken shack, this time was no difference. Had the #1 wings with jerk sauce on the side, perfectly cooked and delicious. Partner had the #2 finger meal, a bit over cooked but overall satisfied. Cheap beer, cheap wings, good sauce. Nothing else to say but bring some towelettes. Recommend wing sauce on side if you are taking out.
My girlfriend ordered 12 wings. It took them less than ten mins and there it was for us. Who would've known she would go home from work as she could not stop hurling and having diarrhea.  Will be in contact with the health department soon as they should look at proper techniques to cook safely.
This place never disappoints. The chicken is awesome. The fries are great. They have a ton of sauces to choose from. What more can someone ask for?

Around lunch, this place is jammed full of people and for good reason. The service is fast, and the food is always good. I often try different sauces on the menu, but my favorite, so far, has been the Hot BBQ. 

Try this place if you're looking for great chicken fingers, wings, or a chicken sandwich. They also have burgers, but I haven't tried one yet. 

The prices are so reasonable that it's hard to believe. The portions are larger than the price one pays.
I ordered the hot wings tender strips came with some fries and a soda the fries was very greasy!! I don't no if I will be back
Came here for the first time the other day ordered a combo of chicken wings and tenders with French fries and a drink. Took about 8min or less. Chicken fingers were probably one of the best I've had ! They're so juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside. The mild sauce was great in flavor. I actually like the really thin French fries. We'll definitely be coming back for more!
My family and I were headed to the movie theater in the same shopping center as this joint, so we decided to give it a try for dinner before hand. The service is pretty good. Their chicken is great. You can tell it is fresh and made from scratch. They have many sauce options for wings and the fingers. It was a neat experience and the next time we catch a movie nearby we will stop in again.
I don't entirely know why, but I'm kind of obsessed with Chicken Shack. I'm rarely on that side of town, but have noticed it on my way to Ross J's. It looked kinda ghetto so I stayed away till a couple weeks ago when Ross J's was closed early. I'm glad I tried it because I'm a little addicted now.

I'm probably kind of biased because their plain wings taste just like when my mom makes korean chicken before she dips it in the sauce. Nostalgia is a funny thing, but I do think they're also just really good wings. 

Price is about $1/wing and many have mentioned that's overpriced, but that seems standard to me for restaurants - BWW is about the same. Chicken Shack also has huge drummies and wings, not broken or midget ones like a lot of other places. I'm a fatty, but I was full off of 6 wings because they're bigger and meatier. 

For sides, we've tried the cole slaw, baked beans, and fries - only the fries were really good crispy shoestrings, I'd pass on the rest and just stick with wings. For sauce my fav is the habanero honey (not that spicy) and garlic parm. The bbq and sweet chili were pretty standard, but I also liked the wings just plain because they had seasoning already. 

Service was great and the tables were clean the 2 times that I've been, with guys coming out to wipe down tables as soon as they're free. I hate nickel and diming - they charge for ranch/blue cheese and extra sauce, but what can you do.

I also agree with others who've said that their chicken fingers are dry - stick with the wings.
Avoid this place.

I've definitely had better. I was looking forward to this place, and it was a complete let-down. Yelp let me astray for the first time. So astray that I feel inspired to leave my two-cents. 

The fries were soggy. I like a fry with a good bit of crisp, but without too much crunch where it is overcooked. These fries must have been sitting around for a long time. The chicken was terrible. For a place being named for their chicken and still being open, I'm surprised it lasted this long. The chicken fingers were just as soggy, the breading fell apart, and there was no seasoning. I can't believe I spent money on this.

The only thing this place has going for it are the jokes on the walls and it's variety of amazing sauces, which had some kick!

You're better off with Raising Cane's. It's cheaper and better quality.
By far my favorite place to go for fried chicken. My family and I have been going here for years. I'm a regular and my usual is the #3 with garlic parmesan and ranch but I have branched out and tried other flavors as well and I love almost all of them. 

If you're in the mood for some good chicken fingers or wings, this is the place to go! Also, if you're there later in the day be sure to say "hi" to Zeke.
When I get a craving for hot wings this is my go to spot. Love the shoestring fries. They've got sweet tea. Seating is limited since the place is small. It can get packed during lunch. Everything is cooked to order so expect to wait a few mins for your order. I always call ahead especially when it's busy. Great customer service.
Big portions the chicken wing as well as the fingers were delicious. It wasn't very expensive and I got my food quicker than I expected. I got the hot Sauce on my wings and it wast very spicy but the taste was delicious and went perfect with the ranch. Will definitely be back again!
The place is called chicken shack... so they should have amazing finger-licking good chicken right? Meh. I left a little disappointed. I ordered the chicken strips which I found were overly dry. The strips were large with a lot of meat to them and not too much breading which I liked, however the pieces were just too dry overall. 

I will give it to them that they have every dipping sauce you can think of and then some. So I liked the choices there. And extra points because their French fries are awesome! Thin and crispy and perfect to munch on.
Best chicken fingers ever! I absolutely love this place. The price is right for the amount of goodness you get. What makes this place different from the rest is definitely the SAUCE. The sauce is definitely the boss over here. Bar none. The fries are good, but not the best. Dip the fries in the sauce, then they turn into the best fries ever. Service is always friendly and top-notch. My favorite spot in Henderson.

I love the Jamaican Jerk, Spicy Teriyaki, and Hot Buffalo. They also have dry rub seasoning too.
Talk about some amazing chicken wings, this place has it!

We had the medium, hot and honey habanero and all were out of this world! The wings were cooked to perfection the staff was excellent and the fries are just like I like them. The home made dips were also all very good! I would give it five stars if it was a five star type of place, but this is as good as it gets in dining like this! Next time I am going to try the extra hot as I like things very spicy, and the normal hot wasn't super hot. Also the hone habanero isn't very spicy but is sweet and spicy and very good. Also the garlic parmesan is outstanding, but in wings I do like spicy.
My picks:
Gummi Bear Martini
Wolf's Wings
Aunt G's Spicy Mac & Cheese
Philly Cheesesteak
Cobbler

Bonus points for anything with the spicy fundido cheese sauce!

This is a great new restaurant and bar up in the Desert Ridge area.  Awesome place to catch a game and the food is wonderful.
Came across this place by accident .. just happened to be at Desert Ridge Market Place and it happened to be opening day.

The food that I tried was boneless buffalo wings and they tasted very good and also had a familar taste like I've had many years before that I've been craving for and missing for the last 5-10 years. On my way out at the hostess stand I complemented the guy up front which just happened to be one of the owners and I told him the wings tasted like the ones from the restaurant Players Bar & Grill that use to be in the Arizona Center (Downtown Phoenix). He said he use to own it but sold the location in 2003.

So if you've been craving those boneless chicken wings from Players you've got to go ...it's a MUST!!

My friend had a salad with steak on it and he said it was yummy.

I will definetly be back to try more stuff!!!

The atmosphere feels like a casual family sports bar.  The staff was very friendly and helpful. They have a big menu and lots of food to try and their prices are reasonable too.
SO happy to have a new sports bar/restaurant in the Desert Ridge area.  I have been twice since they opened and have to say the remodel (formerly "The Office") is fantastic!  

My first visit I was served by Kim at the bar and she was very friendly and professional.  High Five on customer service.  I ordered the filet which was priced exceptionally well.  However, it took 4EVER coming out of the kitchen so I just packed it to go.  They also forgot to put my side salad in the bag.  I understand for a busy opening week there are lots of kinks to work out.    

Second visit, I tried there chicken fried steak.  OMG.  It was so delish.  Even had a little bit of peppery spice to it.  The portion is enormous so be prepared to share, get a doggie bag, or have an incredibly bloated tummy,

Overall, very happy so far!  I will surely be a regular.
Went there for the first time. both of us had a burger, the bun was weird, the meat was overcooked and tasteless.  We sat the bar and the dirty glasses were right in front of me and I really don't think that should have been.  However, the other person in our party had salad and said it was good.  I think that it needs some work on bar food if they are going to make it.
I am long time listener to Wolfley on the radio. I came in to this restaurant with really high hopes. My buddy and I went on Monday night, and while the deal is 20% off steaks on Monday nights, I went with the chicken fried chicken. My appetizer was really good, I had the golden ravioli. My buddy doesn't like ravioli in the least, but I had him try it fried, and he loved it. The multiple televisions had the Saints at the 49ers. A good mix of fans, who showed up mostly a little after kick off. For dinner, as I said previously I had the chicken fried chicken. It was dry, the mashed potatoes it came with were cold, but the gravy was good. My buddy had the buffalo chicken sandwich, and he liked the sauce on the chicken, but the roll was hard. The waffle fries were very good though. As the game progressed, by eyes got the better of me and I had to sample a dessert. I went with the cookies and cream. Hot chocolate chip cookie, Vanilla ice cream, Whipped cream. While I kicked myself after the fact for ordering a dessert, it was very good. One thing I didn't really understand was the lack of beer specials throughout the entire game. I guess Budweiser was 3 dollars for a pint until 7, but it is a football night... at a sports bar... Maybe I'm crazy, but I would expect at least a little more. 

The food while not great, had some high points. My low point of the night was when the bill came. We politely asked the waitress to split the bill, and she obliged. When she brought the separate checks and I went through my itemized bill. The problem is that she brought 2 copies of my buddy's bill. Easily forgiven as human error, I'm happy to forgive. When I got her attention to explain the situation she proceeded to tell me that no, I was wrong and she gave me the right bill. That the 2 descriptions were not the same, and even if they were the change was the only thing that was different between the 2 and so just pay. Now... I've never punished a waitress for the food, or the ambiance, or anything of that sort. I pay her for her SERVICE. I am a 25-35% tipper. I work in customer service and understand how it can be difficult sometimes. This time she got 6% tip. I'm not a customer is always right kinda person, but admitting mistakes is a huge part of customer service. That was TERRIBLE customer service. 

All of this was not a enough to dissuade me from coming again, although next time I will probably sit at the bar, as bartenders normally have a better understanding of customer service. 

I want to like Wolfley's, I really do. But as for now, I'm going to have to say I don't.
I must have gone to a very different restaurant than reviewers like 'Donald S'. Average beer selection? In addition to the standards, they had Left Hand Milk Stout and Stella on tap. 

Aesthetically, the place is pretty nice. Lots of TVs everywhere and the place is tall enough that I don't feel drowned out by music/broadcasters like I do at some other sports bars.

The service was pretty decent. Both times I came they kept my drinks topped off and stopped by often enough. They knew the menu well, which was good because there were enough choices to where I had to ask questions. The appetizers unfortunately took a while to come out, and I had just barely finished them when the entree came out. 

The food quality was great and surprised me. The Cajun Chicken sandwich was very good, though I thought it could have been spicier. They have different hamburger buns from the norm and I thought they tasted much better. The portions were very generous, I couldn't even finish my fries.
Tried Wolfleys tonight for the first time. It's been open for about a month.  I had the salmon, mashed potatoes and greens based on a recommendation. I was pleased. The only negative was that the greens were wilted and soggy. Probably from sitting under the lamp waiting to come out. 

My husband had the spicy mac and cheese. He enjoyed it. Had a kick to it. We had the filet mignon sliders as a starter and they were excellent. I have about a dozen more things I want to try so we'll go back. 

Service was ok not great and obviously a month old. Hopefully it'll get better. Server didn't ask if we wanted dessert. I guess she assumed we didn't. Don't ever assume anything. Always ask. 

Disappointed in the draft beer selections. No Sam Adams?
I debated between four and five stars.... 

I have been wanting to check this place out for sports and finally did this past weekend. I went here on Saturday to watch college football and have a few beers with friends. When we got there, the host (possibly the manager, not sure) greeted us immediately. We asked if we could watch the Washington vs. Oregon State game (Go Huskies) and if it would be possible to get a table for six. He took us towards the back of the bar to a huge booth with a giant big screen right next to us. He asked, "Will this work??", well "Hell YEAH this will work! Thank you!" We are off to a good start:) 

Our super friendly server listed all of the beers and gave us some pointers on the menu. We got a couple of drinks and then decided to eat something. Let me tell you, they have something for everyone here. They have small bites, appetizers, salads, burgers, steaks, full entrees, and desserts; the selection is huge. We settled on some small bites to share and ordered some more drinks. 

All in all, this place was classy yet laid back; something that is rare in Phoenix / Scottsdale when we are talking about sports bars. Zipps is a nightmare and Fox is expensive; Wolfley's fits right into the gap because they're reasonably priced, chill and accommodating AND they have good food to boot.   Oh, and they have a great patio with an indoor/outdoor bar, and I'm pretty sure I spotted Cornhole, YES!

They are a great addition to Desert Ridge and I will definitely be back!
Wow, didn't know what to expect initially. Once we entered, we were blown away. It was probably one of the classier Sports restaurant I've seen. Ron Wolfley really put a great touch to this place. There were nice booths, nice high top tables, a big bar, and about 5-6 very large flat screens to watch all of your favorite sports.

When the menu was handed to us, I was blown away. $18 for a 14oz aged ribeye? Sign me up! We ordered that dish, plus a Wild Jack burger.

Once the dish came, we quickly dug into the ribeye. Wow! It was cooked to perfection, excellent seasoning, and was super moist. There were an abundance of sides to choose from, we chose onion rings. Apparently they also gave brocolli and the shredded onion strips. 

On to my burger, what else can I say? It had everything you wanted for a burger, nice sized patty, perfect taste when you bit into it, excellent mix of spiciness with the jalapenos and jack cheese. I had excellent waffle fries as my side. Yum yum yum.

We were pretty full after the meal obviously, as we totally underestimated the large portions.

I must say, this restaurant had pretty "high end" menu selection for reasonable prices. They even had lobster ravioli for about $12.99,  some pasta, wide selection of pizza, good selection on wine and drinks.

I would highly recommend this restaurant to any sports fans and families who enjoy a higher end setting for pretty reasonable prices. Hope I can meet Mr. Wolfley next time and get a signature from him:)
Service good, menu TOO long.
The appetizers were DELICIOUS!!! 

Drinks a bit pricey but with the delicious fried ravioli- who cares how much the beer cost ( it really was pricey). 

I'd go there for the good service, and delicious fried ravioli. YUM!
Best spinach and artichoke dip EVER!!

I have been here 4 times in the last 2 months and have had a great experience every visit.  There are plenty of options to choose from on the menu and the atmosphere is great.  Plenty of TVs to watch your favorite sporting event.

The staff is great also.  I can't wait to go back.
I met a friend here for happy hour the other day and was very pleasantly surprised by the re-invention of the place. It's a nice set up, especially for a sports bar. 

The menu is huge! I'd gotten there after my friend, who'd ordered a couple of things already, so we just split them. The nacho's were pretty underwhelming. They were supposed to come with chili, but ours was left off so we got a bowl of it from our bartender. Come to find out- what we thought was salsa was actually chili! Cold chili. And almost sickeningly sweet, cold chili. Blech! Aside from that they were just boring, not very cheezy nachos. Blah. We also shared the chicken quesadilla. Thankfully this was really good. It wasn't a wimpy "taco bell" kind of quesadilla either. It was fat and stuffed with chicken, cheese, and all the goodstuff! The quesadilla saved my opinion of this place from being a total loser. I will return and try some other things before I write it off completely.
Expect to find me here every single Sunday during football season. Think Fox Sports Grill with slightly inferior (although cheaper) food but way better TVs and seating options. And don't get me wrong, the food's not bad, it's just one of those places with a GIANT menu so I haven't stumbled upon what they do really, really well yet, although I'm certain I will.

Anyhoo, pretty standard drink prices, Bud Light drafts were $3.25 and my Greyhound was $5. And as Geoff L. mentioned before me, you can get a variety of giant steaks for under $20, which is insane.

The newest thing that secured my patronage to Wolfley's in addition to the million and a half high def TVs and the lovely hostesses who seat you according to your team allegiance for your viewing pleasure, is the NON-SMOKING PATIO!!! I mean, there is nothing that drives me more insane than living in Phoenix and wanting to enjoy this incredibly gorgeous weather we're having only for it to be RUINED by plumes of cigarette smoke being blown in my face. Not in Wolfley's thought! All outdoor seating is non-smoking and smokers actually have to leave the confines of the property to indulge, which I'm sorry to any smokers but KICKS ASS!

So yeah, Wolfley's now has my heart on Sundays. And I will continue my quest to find the perfect menu item that pushes them to 5 stars!
The atmosphere is very nice for a Sports bar, however, the food and service were not impressive.  We went on a Sunday for lunch.  The wings were good, but the rest of the food was very average.   We waited a long time for the food to come and it was not very hot when we received it.  I realize we were there at a busy time, but found our server too busy to check on our table and take care of our needs.  We even waited for our bill!  I probably will not go back.
The service was VERY slow, but it was rather busy for a Tuesday night. We had a large party (8) which may have added to the wait. Refilling beverages took forever. I thought I was going to die of hunger before they brought out my dinner. But once they set my Pulled BBQ Chicken sandwich down in front of me, I forgot all about. Oh, cheesy goodness! My BBQ sandwich was smothered in their cheese sauce creating an amazing taste that danced on my tounge. Seriously, this sandwich was amazing! The sweet potato fries were almost as great. Everone seemed to enjoy their meals. I will be going back to enjoy that cheesy goodness again!
Very nice server, but the food was just ok and I would not go back. I had the beer brat and my girlfriend got the Cheesy Dream Burger. The brat wasn't very good and the bun was too big for it. The burger was better, but nothing great. The cheese dipping sauce was a let down. Also, the pretzel mozzarella with tomato sauce was also just ok at best. 

It's a decent place to watch a game though, at least for how it's set up.
Ok, let me start by explaining the set up. I'm a recovering chunk muffin, and was eating out with more liberal (food) minded friends, so this is the perspective I'm writing from.

Everyone else in my party ordered a burger, which came with mountains of onion straws, tons of french fries, and fountains of cheese sauce. They were all happy with their orders. They were in food heaven!

I, in my fragile state, ordered the seared ahi tuna with a side of broccoli and the roasted asparagus. So very sad. They sent out to me five small pieces of broccoli, and three (3) spears of asparagus. I felt gypped, big time.  The tuna was very well done and tasted great. I really, really, really wanted more veggies. 

Mr. Wolfley himself was there tonight and came over to our table. He was very genial and personable. The guys in my party enjoyed chatting with him about his radio show, and he was super laid back.

The ambiance was great, the setting was comfortable and not obnoxious, but I'm feeling pretty sad about my meal. I rounded it up to 4 stars, because my party enjoyed it so much.
We live about 1 mile from Wolfley's and tried it for the convenience.  We had a lackluster first meal there, so I had to fight to convince my husband to go back.   We went when they had just opened and the servers were clearly lost and disorganized.  That is no longer the case.  

I have now been here 3 times and we like it enough.  It won't be our favorite spot, but the highlights for us are the strong cocktails, broad menu and good kids' options.  The kids (toddlers) usually eat their meals and are nicely subdued by the loud noise and distractions.  The best part is the bean bag toss game on the patio, which kept them occupied while we waited for our meals.  That alone is enough to bring us back, especially when we need a little "us time." 

The food is decidedly average.  Nothing special whatsoever.  And the service can be very hit and miss.  But if you get a good server, it can be a nice, relatively inexpensive, relaxing night away from the kitchen. 

If you live close, it's definitely worth a try for the patio dining and kid-friendly atmosphere.
Had lunch here a couple of months age for the first time and I have to say the food was terrific. The portions are gracious and the service was good. From the looks of it , i thought it would be a great place to watch sporting events with plenty of televisions and an outdoor patio, but I haven't had the time to go. I'll give it 4 stars based on food & service. It will probably get 5 on my next review but I'll wait until i go to watch an event there..
Good job Wolfey!
Besides the fact that I love Ron and his morning show, he knows how to cook up some damn good grub. I had the ribs that were apparently harvested from 14 cows. Everything was high quality and I can't believe how many TV's they had rolling. Wolfleys knows how to do it up.
This is a fantastic addition to North Scottsdale. Wolfley's is a large, upscale sports pub with a professional bean bag court. The food is above par, as is the service. Pretty much a no-brainer if you're in the area. Everyone I know has good things to say. Good luck guys!
Decent food, really good service, noisy ambiance.
Went there last night and were completely disappointed. When we first arrived there was a wait of "25-30 minutes", so we walked to the bar and got a drink. After waiting waiting 50 minutes we were finally sat. We promptly ordered our appetizers and meals and this is when the waiting really began. It took 55 minutes for our food to come and when it finally arrived at the table, the only thing that was hot were the french fries. The sandwich, pizzas and pasta were ice cold. After looking at our plates we asked our waitress (who was a great) if we could speak with the manager. The manager came out and before we could even say one thing he said, "I just want you guys to know that all your food will be comped tonight. Our kitchen is having a terrible night so for how long it took and the quality of the food we will comp your meal".

Now while I appreciate him for doing his job and comping our horrendous meal, I have no clue how that food even left the window. When the food looked like it had been sitting in the window for 20 minutes and someone brings it out that cold, its nothing short of ridiculous.

Moral of the story is, that if you have 2.5 free hours on a Saturday night to eat insanely poor food and to get frustrated go to Wolfley's. If you want good food and tv's to watch games head elsewhere.
Wolfley's has everything you could possibly want in a local bar/restaurant with lots of room and walls of TVs. The menu has a ton of choices, making it a great place to bring a group with mixed tastes.  

I am a wing fanatic and Wolfley's Cajun Buffalo wings were the best flavor I have had in years. If nothing else, I will be back for these!
My first impression of this place was that it had to be part of a big chain. The branding and overall experience of the place wreaks of commercial chain. But, come to find out, it's local. I really think they would benefit from 
showing that they are a local establishment. 

They had some great beers on tap, making our short wait pleasant. The menu has a huge selection of really good stuff. Staff was kind, prompt and professional.

The food was very good. My wife and I will be back.
Total failure in execution on a take out order consisting of 2 dozen  wings (which I thought were good last time) and a custom pizza. 

The wings were soggy and and had little flavor. It also looks like some of the pieces were not fully cooked. 

The pizza was an abomination that had a base resembling a straight-from-the-freezer-isle pizza in consistency and taste. 

After my second go-round with Wolfley's, I significantly regret having such a high initial opinion of their food.
Great sports bar, great service.  Have to try the Southwestern Salad... Yummy!!!
Just moved to the area from mid west - we had the boneless chicken wings which were reasonable but they did not prepare for what was to come next....
We had to try the St Louis style ribs...
Bottom line -- Not recommended, tasteless, lots of grease and fat. Probably the worst ribs in 10yrs, + the sauce was yuk....
The manager came over and although we did not complain out right we left him in no doubt what we thought of the quality. His response was that he and the staff test every menu item, so they should be good 
No offer to provide a free desert or $5 off the check as compensation or token customer apology..

At the end of the day its an avaerage sports bar trying to serve food, unfortunately to survive in the food service world you have to provide quality food and listen to customers - Wolfeys is not doing this in April 2011
Been here a few times! Good food, drinks and atmosphere.
Food, Family & Fun is their motto. Nice patio & outdoor lounge area. TVs for watching games. Samples of beer are nice! Buffalo Chicken Ranch salad had nice zip, lighter on dressing next time. Chicken Quesadilla was ok, too many onions. Service was great!
Yesterday I tried this place for the first time. There were 6 of us including 2 children. The atmosphere was good - not too noisy - and the music was to my taste (early rock and roll). The menu selection was also good and we all found items we liked.

The service was quite slow considering only about 1/2 the tables were occupied. It took quite a while both to have our orders taken and to get the food after we ordered. We had to ask for straws for the kids drinks.

I am a fan of chicken piccata and do not find it offered in many places. It was on the menu and I ordered it - it was the worst I have ever had. In this dish the chicken is to be pounded which usually makes it very tender. This serving was so tough I can only guess that it was microwaved. The sauce was too thick (too much flour) and not tangy (not enough lemon juice). As I said - the worst.

Now everyone else enjoyed their orders - Philly Cheesestake, Hamburger, Southern Fried Chicken Burger, Chicken Tenders - so maybe piccata is just not their thing. But still the service left a lot to be desired.

I will likely try this place once more to be sure on the service and will try another dish. When that happens I will have a follow up review.
The staff is young and tries hard but they seem unempowered to take care of the customer with out getting clearance from their manager.

The appetizers are actually pretty good here but when you get to the Chicken Wings it all falls apart. The wings were covered in a lose jiggly skin that was beyond gross.  I like mine with a little bit of crispness.  The traditional sauce was not so traditional and after the first few wings it became evident that there was more gristle than meat.  These were less like Buffalo Wings and more like Chicken Knuckles covered in BBQ sauce.

Drinks were typical of a generic mass production bar - heavy on the mixings and light on the booze.

Two adults and a kid and we got out for right at $50.00.  Kinda pricey for the quality of food and service.

Now that I have the hankering for REAL wings I need to go hit a Hooters or BW3.
Typical unoriginal sports spot with a paltry selection of brews and mediocre food. This venue is a reflection of the area's palate who's tastes are dictated to them via corporate America.
Great bar food in a neighborhood atmosphere. Great selection of bottled beers and ciders. Highly recommend the Ace Pear Cider. My favorite dish by far has to be the cheese steak. The peppers and onions on it are grilled to perfection with a little crunch in them with each bite. For those who love watching sports there are tvs within sight of ever table in Wolfley's.
Food, drinks and beer selection all excellent.  This is far superior to the 3 star review it gets.  I'm guessing there are some jealous restaurants in the area behind this.
We've been to Wolfey's a couple of different times now and our experiences have been the same ~ Meh.  I was hoping for a better experience based on the owner is local and they are conveniently located but this was not the case. 

Good ~ location, location, location!!  In an area where there are some many things going on and options to choose from it is in a good location.  They have a very good selection of beers/ales on tap.  It's also family friendly.

Not so good ~ Staff is not very attentive nor helpful.  We ordered their pizza special ~ 241 and asked for some cheese and peppers.  Server stated, "we only have four shakers in the entire restaurant so I don't know why we keep offering these pizza specials"...  She was actually implying they change their business model based on the number of cheese shakers??  We actually got better service when we helped ourselves.

The food ~ as stated by other Yelpers, some of their food taste like it's been pre-frozen, thawed and then reheated.  We had the worst pizza's and based on the left overs on other tables we were not alone with this assessment.  Burger and fries ~ not fresh and over cooked.  Their wings are not any better.  The skin/crust is falling off before you get a chance to eat it.  They were drowned in a honey BBQ sauce, which just made these wings a gooey mess.

Not planning on being a regular here.
Weak pizza @ salad. Go for the burgers.
Exceptional experience!!!!  Excellent service and food!!!  Ron Wolfey came by our table to ensure an enjoyable experience and offered 3 free desserts for my friend's birthday!!  He is extremely family oriented as we had 5 kids with us that he entertained during out conversation.  Very impressed with the overall atmosphere and very much enjoyed the overall experience!!   Oh and the cookie dough dessert is THE BEST EVER!!!
Wolfey's is delicious and was a very welcome discovery for me! Usually I avoid Desert Ridge but for Wolfey's I'll brave it!
We waited over 1 1/2 hours to get 2 salads for lunch.  

The waitress said they got mixed up with another order.  She promised they would be out in 5 minutes.  

Fifteen minutes later the manager showed up and promised 5 more minutes.  He also offered free entrees, but didn't give us anything when we agreed to wait for the salads.  He disappeared and didn't return when the salads didn't arrive.  

Just go to BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse next door and save yourself the grief.
Wolfleys always has amazing food!! The spinach dip appetizer is to die for and their buffalo chicken pizza is a miracle.
I wouldn't recommend going on a busy night because some of the servers dont know how to manage their time...
what a great restaurant. amazing food and plus they have corn hole outside
Love this place. Classy yet sports everywhere!
I've now been here twice and both times everything went well. The appetizers are very good and they put on a nice buffet for the Cheerz 4 Charity event I attended. I will definitely put this place on one of my "favorites" lists. Good ambiance and very tasty food choices!
We went with a group of participants in the Susan G Koman 3-Day Walk and families at the end to a challenging and inspiring event.  We dined on the patio which was closed with exterior canvas and  had heaters to remove the chill.  The wait staff was eager to please our large group, placing heaters strategically for our comfort.

I had a beef sandwich (Beef On Weck) that was tender and flavorful and aided by some very powerful horseradish--the real stuff!  The beer selection was good with some varieties  that weren't just the every day selection.

There was room at the edge of the patio for the younger children to play off some of their pent up energy without disturbing the other diners.

I would go back again on a future trip to this area.
Awesome Food & great location.
Great Place & a Big Supporter of Pinnacle Football!
servers are great and attentive.  I love their wings.  Anchor bar style. great views of TV to watch sports.  Although, the manager wouldnt turn up the volume.  He said they are not a sports bar.  Go figure a dozen large screen TV's. Still, I do like the place and will continue to go. Hopfully, Ill get to meet Ron W on one of my visits.
While it wasn't 'bad', there are far better places to have an enjoyable meal in the area, even if you want to catch a game.  We went once.  We saw.  We haven't been back.
Of Wolfley and Man! (Metallica Reference!)

I came here for lunch with an associate and I wanted to try something new. Wolfley's was definitely something you can't find anywhere in the country so what the hey! I would have ordered their hometown favorite roast beef sandwich, but the waitress warned me it was quite salty.  I'm glad she did since I don't take kindly on overly salty foods. So I ordered the cheeseburger sliders instead. Let's just say I wasn't sure if should have sucked it up and tried the roast beef sandwich instead. Sliders were, well sub par and basic. It was pretty dry and it came along with some fried onion flakes. I needed to douse it with some ketchup to help me swallow it. My meal also came along with a side salad, which was probably the better of the two. However, I found a few brown leaves and tried to work around it. 

Service was good overall and the place was pretty well put together. Definitely a cool place to hang with the boys for a game. I went on Wolfey's website and notice they are fond of charitable work and non-profits coming to their place - Kudos! Then again in my honest opinion I'm not sure I would want to recommend this place unless it's just for drinks. - Enjoy!
I went to Wolfleys tonight for a change of pace.  I had been there once before for drinks on a Saturday night and recall having one before leaving as there wasnt anything close to a "special" or even a tavern priced beer that night.  But tonight was a Tuesday and I wasnt looking to drink.  I recalled the bartender raving about the grub that night a few months back so I figured I'd give it a shot.

We got seated outside and soon regretted it.  Surely we could have been re-seated, but it wasnt that big of a deal.  The tables seemed somehow lower than they should have been in relation to the bar nearby and there were a ton of kids playing bags nearby.  Oh well...not the end of the world.  I seem to recall that I was a kid once too...so I am cool with that most of the time.

Waitress came.  She was OK.  Nothing too personable, but good enough I suppose.  I was trying to lay low on the carbs, so I asked her which she might suggest.  I was torn between some sort of a flat iron steak (which is more than I normally do on a weeknight) or the highlighted specialty beef sandwich.  She told me that the beef was on some sort of a salty pretzel roll.  She almost made it seem like that was the drawback but that the beef was awesome.  I said "That bun sounds great...I'll just stick with the bottom half" as a joke.  Once again, she knew I was laying low on the carbs because I told her in order to solicit her input.  

Well this thing comes out open faced.  The bun was something.  It was probably far too salty for the average Joe but you could always brush some of the sea salt off.  But when I tell you that the amount meat on this open faced presentation was less than you would find on a $1.29 Arbys junior, I am not kidding.  Half of the bottom bun was even showing.  I could tell that when she set it down it was probably the first time she'd seen our order because she sort of looked like she was a little ashamed.  But obviously not ashamed enough to take it back to the kitchen and say to the boys "WTF!  Are you trying to get me shut out of a tip here?"  

Truth is it had been a really long day and I didnt need to have the monster specialty sandwich that they seemed to describe in the menu, so I just let it slide.  It took about two minutes to polish it off so its no wonder that it seemed like forever for her to come back and realize that we were ready for the check.  

Not the end of the world.  I'll live.  There is so much good dining here in town that its almost a shame that there is no time to give a place a second chance.  But I suppose that thats all the more reason that they should get it right each and every time.  They knew that this was a BS presentation of the sandwich that they were touting as their specialty.  

My date said as we left "Now we know why they call it Wolfleys..."  I asked why?  She said "Because you leave hungry like the Wolfley..."  I didnt even know she was around when Duran Duran was around!  Good one though.  Steer clear.of this place.  I wouldnt even go back on a fool moon....Ooops!  I meant full moon.
Lots of screens makes it a great place to watch sports.  Food is a notch above standard bar fare.  The consistency is lacking tho.  One day great burger.  Next day dry bun burger.
Been driving by this place for awhile and finally decided to check it out when I had a change in schedule this weekend. My Fiancee and I were seated immediately and the server was pleasant. The patio was open and despite the 90 degree temp outside we were both very comfortable and quite enjoyed the open air atmosphere. 

We ordered two appetizers - the pretzel wrapped mozzarella sticks and boneless wings with honey gold as the sauce. The mozzie sticks were too doughy for us but the wings and their "most popular" sauce (according to our waitress) were delicious. 

We had a coupon promoting buy one item get one free so we went for two entrees as well. We were expecting to have some leftovers but both our lunches were so big we literally were embarrassed to have that much food sitting in front of us. I had tried the "_______ cheesy burger" (can't remember the name) and she tried the buffalo chicken sandwich. Both were delicious. The fries I got as sides and the onion straws and mac and cheese were okay but not amazing. Overall the food gets decent marks and it was delivered quickly, accurately and hot to boot. 

Now the crazy part. With the coupon for two apps, two entrees, an extra side and two drinks (non alcoholic) the tab was 32$ (40$ without the coupon). Maybe I have lived in north Scottsdale for too long but normally $40 doesn't even cover one of us - much less both! We took wings, half a burger, a whole chicken sandwich (she got full eating only what was sticking out the sides of the bun!) and some fries home and had a whole second meal. Now that's a value! 

I can appreciate not everyone caring about the "value" but I'm from Nebraska damn it and a decent burger at a decent price is hard to beat. My only regret is not liking sports AT ALL - cause I can only imagine my friends and I having a great time with some beers at this place.
Good food, good service, just too pricey. Came in and ordered 3 apps for us, all were good and service was prompt. Patio looks awesome, just a bit too warm today, so we ate inside. Plenty of tvs, not too loud. I'll be back, but probably just during happy hour.
Went here on a whim with my mom when we were on our way to BJ's down the street. We had a couple of basic sports bar kinda foods such as mac and cheese, chicken tenders, and a spinach and artichoke dip.

The food was all pretty decent but over all suffered from a lack of seasoning. the food was all decent but nothing special. As 3 star as you can get for the food. That being said, all the food we ordered was part of their happy hour deals which was great and the service was amazing. 

Overall, not bad. But I'm not sure I would go there again, when there are so many other good options in Desert Ridge
Well maybe I was just hungry last time I visited Wolfley's, but this visit was a pretty stark contrast. We got the honey gold wings again which were pretty good. Ordered beers this time and the draft Shock Top did not seem very cold. 

The goulash was an experiment we wish we didn't take. It was clearly labeled that it is served atop a fundido base (no tomato sauce here!!) - but at the end of the day it was a glorified hamburger helper meal (apparently fundido is code for sour cream).

My chicken fried chicken was plain disappointing. The dish lacked basic salt and the potatoes tasted like instant to me and my fiancee. Portion sizes were good - but that only important if the food is good. With the drinks and one of the entrees taken off (due to a coupon) it was still near $50 for the two of us. At that price the "value" diminishes quickly.

Takeaway: Perhaps just inconsistent, this follow up visit left us very disappointed.
I came here one lazy Saturday afternoon and was very impressed!

First of all, if you love sports, this place has awesome large flat screen TV's which will make watching the game all the more awesome.

My friend and I ordered the artichoke dip for an app and the wings. Absolutely amazing and good! 

Service rocked and our server was a doll.
Went here as a recommendation.  I don't think we'll go back because there didn't seem to be anything that really stuck out as amazing.  The place was extremely loud and what they said would be a 20 minute wait was actually a 35 minute one.

The wings however were good, the only negative thing about the wings was how much feathers were left on them.  We literally were picking off the feathers.  Eeek.  

Majority of us were eating wings. The wings were good, the only negative thing about the wings was how much feathers were left on them.  We literally were picking off the feathers.   Gross.


I decided to opt for a couple little appetizers.  I love this idea.  Priced at $3.50 were chips and dip.  Homemade potato chips topped with bacon, bleu cheese and served with a green onion dip.  They serve good quality bleu cheese, the bacon was a plentiful... BUT, the chips didn't seem all that fresh.  The second appetizer was the $3.95 pretzel dough bites stuffed with cheese and served with marinara. 4 in an order.  I got them and thought, were is the pretzel?  It was glorifed little ceasers stuffed cheese bread.  We couldn't even get through one.   
The kids meals are priced at $5.95, comes with a drink.  We purchased 4 soft drinks for the young ones.  Two root beers, 1 sprite, 1 Dr. Pepper.   She brought us 4 large glasses with no lids, all ROOT Beers.  Im pretty sure she just failed waitressing 101.

The kids meals arrived.  #1 ordered the two cheeseburger sliders.  They looked alright.  #2 ordered Mac & Cheese, the menu didn't inform us it would be KRAFT.  
As much as we love the old' Blue Box Mackers.  Restuarants should not serve it!  It's really should be outlawed at restaurants.  Most of us that know how to cook know how to make a pasta and cheese sauce from scratch.  Easy breezy in a restaurant, right?  

We placed our orders and my sister ordered a burger with the cheese sauce on the side.  They brought the burger out WITH sauce on it.  The waitress offered to replace it but we were on short time with a movie to catch which we told her.  There was no other compensation beside that.  

The water glasses were always on empty with refills hard to come by.  Eating hot wings.  No water.  BRILLIANT.

With that all being said, they tacked on a 20% gratuity charge.  Not sure she deserved that much.  

I won't bother going back.  The food is lackluster and the service is even worse.
Jenn and I went to Wolfey's last night for the first time after thinking maybe we'd go to Sweet Tomatoes but we decided to give Wolfey's a shot. It was worth it. She loves the sports bar scene and so do I and they had just about every game on! Our server was just wonderful. She was very consistent and touched our table every few minutes and really took good care of us. Props to Wolfey's food too. It was wonderful. Jenn got a nice club sandwich and I got a flat iron steak. It was cooked perfectly and just melted in your mouth. That's how I like my steaks from time to time. Oh and the prices were definitely on point. I really liked the potato chip and dip bites. For $3.95 you sure get a lot of them! 

I definitely recommend this place. I love the history and wish Ron Wolf so much more than all the best. They are really really good and clean! Nice establishment. We'll be back for sure!
Have been here several times. The wings are excellent. Have tried the meatloaf, goulash, pizza and fish and chips. Have not been disappointed with any meal choices. Great place to catch a game and staff is very friendly and prompt. Wish the beer selection was a little better, but overall not bad.
Wolfley's is almost a perfect reflection of its radio personality owner/namesake.  Ron Wolfley's deep voice, knowledge of sports (especially football) and random metaphors can be quite entertaining at first, but it doesn't take long before you're sick of it.   However, he does seem like the kind of guy I'd like to be having a beer with during the game rather listening to during a Cardinals game.  So maybe owning a sports bar is perfect for him.

His restaurant has a nice ambiance.  Nothing really stands out, but there are dozens of well placed TV's playing plenty of games.  It may have been a little too dark, and the music may have been a little too loud for some people.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.

The menu is massive and filled mostly with foods you'd expect to find at an upscale sports bar.   There's a great beer selection.  However, the food is so mediocre, that I found myself wondering why of all the places I could watch a game and have a drink on a Saturday night, is this the bar I ended up at.  I had the philly cheese steak.  It was decent.  But nothing that you can't get anywhere else.  The beef was good but the bread was either over toasted or stale (most likely the latter).  My brother and another person in our group had a fairly unique menu item; buffalo back ribs.  a rack of pork ribs fried and sauced like a buffalo wing.  I had to try one.  It was different, not really great, I think I would just stick to chicken, but at least I could say it was something I'd never had before.

There is a late night menu with some good deals on Friday and Saturday nights, but the place cleared out before 10:00pm on the Saturday before Labor Day, which was the first full day of college football.  Not the best of signs that this is a happening spot to grab a late Saturday bite.  I wouldn't be against a return trip to Wolfley's, but there's such an abundance of sports bars in the valley, that it wouldn't necessarily be my first choice to watch a game and have a meal.
Great Place!! The pizza and wings are pretty damn good. I have not had a single thing here I did not like!
Been here many times before and was happy to see they were open Sunday morning before the games started rather than opening at kickoff time.

Had the chorizo burrito and it was very good. Also tried a bite of the breakfast scramble sandwich that was made even better by the applewood bacon.

Service was prompt, attentive, and polite. Just wish we would have had more time to spend there!
My girlfriend left her iPhone there and the employee said no one turned it in when she called. So we used the iPhone locate my phone app and it was INDEED there. So I called the next day and the main bartender lady said again "no one turned it in". I responded and said we know its there. Would you mind checking? She finally did and came back 2 seconds later and said yep its here... NOT helpful! And didn't seem to care. Our large group of 30 spent over $800. We'll take our business elsewhere!
This was just a really good experience from start to finish. The wife and I where having the "no you pick a place " kind of night, so it makes it easier to review. The server on our table like she wanted us to be at home. Our meals were hot fresh and tasty, fresh asparagus in August! The owner even stopped by the table to check on us and he made us again feel as if we where invited. Like I said a really good experience.
We had to check this place out as my husband is from Buffalo.  

We ordered the mild chicken wings, we weren't disappointed.  Texture was really crispy and the sauce was delicious.  Had to try the Beef on Weck, again pleasantly surprised.  Waffle fries were done great, and the sandwich was good.  They do their own take on the Weck roll, a little more salt than normal, but it was still delicious.  

We'll be back for sure.
8 of us went to Wolfley's last night for TNF (Cards in St. Louis  ... ugh!)
We did NOT have a reservation but were able to get the last large table in the house.
Reservations recommended on Football Days.
I was very please with the place......service was pretty damn good even though she was slammed.  Lots of TV's AND you can actually hear the game/announcers/refs etc..  That is one of my pet peeves if I can't hear the game in a sports bar.
A few of our crew had the salmon and they said it was good....it looked damn good!
I am a fan and will go back for another football outing!
Just like Mister Wolfleys' hometown of Orchard Park, NY, Wolfley's Grill is classy, friendly, and experts on good food!  If delicious wings, or burgers and a few various games are what you look for in a night out, you've found your home!  The average price for a sandwich or wings is about $9 too.  Our group found the quality of ingredients in the meals to be excellent.  Throw in a great location right off the 101 in Desert Ridge, and Wolfley's Grill takes the prize!  Now go give the place a try!
"We usually think this place is ok for wings so we decided to go with my parents. They ran out of milk, they had no iceberg lettuce, their pizza is very average. The best was when Ron Wolfley, himself, came to our table to introduce himself and see how things were. We were totally honest and still no response!!! We even said- there is a grocery store 300 feet away- go have someone buy some milk. And nothing......
We happened on wolfley's while looking for a quick bite with sports on TV in Desert Ridge.  We were pleasantly surprised by the quick service and the extensive menu.  I loved the bourbon-sweet sauce on the chicken wings.  They were served on a bed of delicious shoe-string fried onions.   My husband thoroughly enjoyed the barbecue half chicken with beans, coleslaw and waffle-fried potatoes.  Our server was attentive and helpful.  We thought that we got a good value.   We were satisfied and stuffed when we left.  We will go again to try different dishes.
We go here all the time. This is great if your hubby is a sports fanatic like mine. TVs everywhere. The seating is casual and you feel very comfortable here. They have great patio areas and the bar is an inside outside bar. The food is really good. I love the asian chicken salad (the dressing is fantastic) and hubby gets the wings, chicken pot pie or beef of weck. The only thing I think they can work on is consistency which seems to have gotten better recently. We love the staff. This is a great place you should definitely try!
Over all great experience!

The service was great ask for Melisa she was tentative and friendly. The food was above average for a sports bar. Enjoyed the wings, boneless wings and fish & chips. If you are looking for a great sports bar to watch our favorite team play with better than average food this is the place to go.
My wife and I absolutely love this place.  The food, service, and atmosphere  are absolutely fantastic.  We've been there three times this week already.... and have designated Wolfley's as our favorite neighborhood restaurant/bar.  The servers we have had... Marti and Melissa have been awesome... And the manager, Larry, is great.  This place is a must try.
Ok, so let me say this first, I am from Buffalo.  That being said I might be a slightly harder critic than most when it comes to Buffalo food.  I came to Wolfley's to watch a football game.  I ordered the Beef on weck.  I was slightly annoyed when I was asked by my server whether I had ever had one before.  She said it in that way that makes you think you won't like this item unless you are crazy enough to have had it before and actually want to order it again.  
Now, I know that Ron Wolfley was born and raised in Buffalo, but I think it's been awhile since he has tasted this sandwich in Buffalo.  The kimmelweck roll was absolutely perfect.  The beef on the other hand, was not.  The menu states it is "tender roast beef sliced thin", which is how it would be if I were to order this sandwich in a restaurant in Buffalo.  My first bite was nothing but fatty and a bit of gristle.  I ended up deconstructing my sandwich and eating the good parts of the roast beef with my fork and eating the kimmelweck dipped in the au jus.

The beer was cold and my team won, so I will try Wolfley's again.  Maybe the wings are authentic.
Nice place and good wines but average food. 
Good Happy hour prices. Great place to watch games with outdoor venues.
This has now become my new "normal" hangout.  The serice, for the most part, has been astounding.  Amanda is an AMAZING server.  I have told family and friends about this place.  I will continue to be a patron.
So this was my second visit here. My wife and I sat at the bar of a drink before getting a table for dinner. The bar staff offered a menu to look over and made a few recommendations for snack at the bar. We had to try the Chips with Green onion dip, just let me say this is not you Moms onion dip! After thanking the staff for that recommendation we where told they are "Kind Of Known" for their wings. I highly recommend them. Needless to say due the great service we never moved to that table we planned on. This team knows how to send you home fat and happy.
Hadn't been here in over a year...always have had good food and service until today. Simple chicken sandwich took 30 minutes to arrive then came without my sweet potato fries...server apologized and then nothing.. No fries ever came out. Unacceptable especially since place was empty. Then then offered to take 2.50 off my bill for inconvenience. What a joke... Too many good places to eat for this kind of service and lack of accountability... Won't be back.
Great food, Great service and enjoyed the atmosphere. I don't often get the meatloaf, but decided to try it here. VERY GOOD!

Nice job to all of the staff.....very friendly!!
Gotta love this place. Unique menu, good variety of on tap and bottled beers and friendly staff. I get the Poblano burger and the Pepper stack and my wife has had several different menu items. All prepared well and cooked as ordered. 

Makes a pretty good sports bar with a large number of the at many angles so you can always see a game going. 

Long story short, Wolfley's gets the thumbs up.
My wife and I stopped in after a movie at Desert Ridge. The food was good, although the chili was not to my taste, my wife had a salad and sirloin tips, both of which were excellent. We sat outside and the atmosphere was good. Not too loud and the music selection was good.
Unfortunately I can only give Wolfley's a 3 for a few reasons. Went there for lunch and while its nice they have an outside area (duh), the seats were a little dirty and that was a slight turn off. The menu while large, almost comes off as too overwhelming and mediocre to make it worth its size. I settled on the BBQ Chicken Salad which was actually really good, the only problem was it was the only thing on the menu I was even interested in. 
Big pro's go to the wait staff though as our waitress was sweet as can be and checked in often. 
Overall just kinda...eh.
I used to be a regular here with my boyfriend. They started learning our names. We were even seated next to Wolfley's football buddies at the anniversary party. Loved this place so much, then it all changed. 

We went back one day to find an almost all new staff, the seats were redone, and the menu overhauled. Most of my favorites were gone and the new things I wanted we're only available after five. I went for lunch. The menu is overwhelming, no more Mac and cheese as a side. Service is not nearly as good and the wings. Now come in 10 instead of 12. So strange to change what works.  

In the past I have been treated well and with respect. If there was ever a problem they took care of it.  I can honestly say this is no longer true. I have only been there a few small handful of times since the change, and each time I am disappointed. The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes. If you are seated on the patio forget ever getting a refill. I am just so sad that everything ha s changed. I am sad to say they have lost regulars and we are now on the lookout for something new.
Don't come here if you want a good time and good food. Come here if you want a great time and awesome food. 

The atmosphere is always laid back, with all the games you could watch and more on the multitude of big screen TVs. Super friendly service, and did I mention the food?

Aunt G's spicy Mac and cheese is not to be missed, and if you're really hungry check out the "training camp"option hidden in the menu. The Daily specials are a little confusing but there's always something for every palate.

I don't think I could rave highly enough about this place.  It is my foodie destination of choice when near Desert Ridge.
There's a formula to this sort of place and Wolfley's seems to get it right.

Nice atmosphere, good wings, good service, and a nicely rounded-out menu. There's enough space in the main dining area to accomodate large groups. I'm glad they've made good use of the space once used by The Office.
I keep going back to this place because I like it so much! Great atmosphere, service, and food. There is one thing that put me off during my last visit, and that was that they now use what seems to be canned chicken on their southwestern salad. This salad used to come with a nice piece of grilled chicken on top, but not anymore. Bummer!
Me and my husband went here for dinner on a Sunday night. I have to say it was fantastic. Salads were fresh, burgers were delicious and the fries were piping hot! Service was also top notch, this is a big thumbs up to the American comfort food seeker.
I was visiting and was sent here by some locals. The bar atmosphere was good and the prices were well suited for the portions. The server we had was was quick and nice. Being a bar we were told we were too loud. So maybe this place should re think the whole bar thing and just make it more of a Applebee's.
Checked this place out for a late afternoon lunch.  Food was good and service was great.  Will definitely be back to try out the wings.
We went here on a night where kids eat free. It was obvious from the beginning that they were annoyed to serve a family who is eating out on the cheap. The food was really slow getting to us. The waitress barely ever checked on us. The food was barely okay.
We ate here last night, when we arrived the atmosphere was very welcoming what you would expect going to a "neighborhood" grill. We were shown to are table which was very comfortable and had a great view of the TV! We decided to order some cocktails because they have a GREAT late night happy hour deals $4.00 for Jack and coke can't go wrong! We ordered the Bavarian pretzel, bacon and blue sliders and the boneless wings mild...when the food came out it looked appetizing so we dove right in. The sliders were HORRIBLE, and when I say HORRIBLE they were worse then anything you would find at McDonalds or any other fast food chain, they were even hard to swallow they were that bad. The pretzel on the other hand was really good and I highly recommend getting the pretzel! Then for the boneless mild wings, they totally missed the mark! The mild sauce was WAY to spicy for mild sauce and the blue cheese that came with tasted off, we didn't eat them do to the over spicy ness and the off tasting blue cheese. When we asked the server about the sauce and blue cheese she said that's just the way they taste. All in all, if we go back it will just be for cocktails.
A nice place to hang out on a warm evening. Bonus for being  so close to shopping! 

Spacious and inviting with a good vibe both inside and the patio (had to go twice just to make sure ;) The drink selection was good my food was just ok but I only had a salad and a burger. So it balanced out and I am willing to come back and try something different.
I have to give 2 stars as the service was excellent.  The food, however, was not.  Crappy boiled ribs with buffalo sauce?  Horrible.  Fakey processed mashed potatoes.  Overpriced and really bad.
Had dinner there two nights ago. I ordered the Philly cheesesteak sandwich and it was delicious. The bread was fresh and the cheesesteak perfectly spiced and cooked. My husband had the meatloaf and the portions were so big that he took some home. Service was good, especially being checked on for water, drinks,etc.  If you're interested in sports, they have lots of tv's.
This place only gets two stars because we had a pretty good server. Based solely on food, I wish I could give it zero stars. 

Started out with fried raviolis and the cheese stuff pretzels. The raviolis were okay but nothing you can't buy at a supermarket and make at home. The pretzels were NOT pretzels. It was a crappy breadstick stuffed with lukewarm cheese. The marinara left a lot to be desired. 

My friend ordered the tri tip dinner and had to send it back because it was so overdone. The server said they make it all together "like a stew" and they can't customize the cooking. What?? It's STEAK! So she ended up with the peppercorn flat iron and said it at least didn't taste like hamburger meat. 

I had the Cheesy Dream Burger and it was an absolute mess! You can't pick it up unless you want cheese running down your arms. The burger itself was okay but the cheese sauce was just meh. 

There are way too many other eateries at Desert Ridge to waste your time at Wolfley's.
This past weekend we had the chance to go to Wolfley's at the Tatum plaza and it was pretty much what we expected from a bar and grill type establishment.  We walked in to no wait and were seated within seconds, which was excellent.  We were able to get a table outside - although all the booths with TVs were taken, which isn't really a bad thing since we probably would have turned it off anyways.  

My fiancee ordered the "Billy Boy Brat" - bratwurst topped w/caramelized onions, diced applewood bacon and cheese.  I had the Pulled BBQ Pork sandwich (pretty self explanatory).  Both were good.  The baked beans were my side and they were probably my favorite thing on either plate.  We actually ended up switching plates halfway through the meal since he wasn't in love with the cheese sauce (more like nacho cheese than a thicker hot dog cheese) on the brat, and the BBQ got spicy after eating it for a time.  

Our server was excellent and everything came out as ordered and our drinks were filled up before they were even completely emptied.  

Overall: B+
I think we'll order other things next go around - but we will be back!
Server was great! Very nice, efficient, and knew what she was doing! Unfortunately, she recommended the nachos that came out cold and a batch of chicken wings that tasted as if they had been hangin' out in the kitchen for some while. Kitchen made a new plate of nachos that returned to the table hot, after whoever was running the food ran through the restaurant; however, the nachos still appeared on the bill and no apology made it to the table. Second time to Wolfley's with mediocre food - probably won't be returning anytime soon.
Probably the worst service I've experienced in Arizona .. Pretty bad I sent my food back .. There are far better service and food in the same area !!!
Wolfley's is such a hit or miss.  Sometimes we have good service & food... sometimes not so much.  The reason I decided to yelp finally is because of a very odd situation that happened last time my husband and I went for dinner and drinks.  Our poor server seemed overworked and was sweating bullets when he came to take our drink order.  We had to have been waiting at least 10 minutes for our drinks, until I finally waved someone down to question where they were (we were outside).  This was her reply: "Oh is Mike your server?  Yeah he sucks.  We've been trying to get him fired.  Make sure to complain to the manager."  Before I could even open my mouth she says, "Oh wait, there's the manager.  Hold on a sec let me get her..."  I'm sititng there like, well this got out of control quickly.  I'm thinking she is going to ask the manager to check on our drinks (all I want is a damn margarita!!!).  She comes back with manager and says "These people want to talk to you about something."  Wow...... SO unprofessional.  I was shocked.  I told her I didn't want to complain, I just was seeing where our drinks were.   The rest of the night took forever.  We literally had a 2 hour and 30 minute dinner, all the while the manager is sitting down on a couch and can totally see how long we have been sitting there through the glass door.  A good manager would've known what to do in this situation.

Word of advice Wolfley.... when you're away, make sure you hire managers you can trust.  The manager seemed way more interested on taking an extended break on the couch and gossiping with coworkers then worrying about your business.

Bottomline: We ended up feeling bad for Mike and gave him a good tip.  Go Mike!  If you have to put up with people like that, no wonder why you're sweating.
We ended up here because of our bad experience with BJ's Brewhouse.  

We were promptly greeted and seated.  Our order was taken promptly and our server followed up with us twice.  Our order was correct and tasty!  

Not too difficult BJ's!!!  Nonetheless, we would definitely go back to Wolfley's - great variety on the food and drink menus and great customer service.
It was alright. Sort of a mix between Buffalo Wild Wings and The Outback. Pretty noisy and only one steak on the menu, but the burger was decent.
Service is always terrible! My husband and I have been here 4 times now and have yet to get in and out in less than an hour. Tonight we waited 26 minutes to place our order when we knew exactly what we wanted when we walked in. Waitress brought our drinks and said she would be right back and we kept trying to flag her down and nothing! It was busy, but there is no reason she couldn't take our order (ive been a waitress myself). The food is ok for a sports bar type atmosphere but not worth dealing with the terrible service. I gave it a few chances before writing a review, but we won't be going back after another disappointing LONG visit.
Better than your average sports bar.  Love the pork sliders.  Come year a couple times a year with the DRPG dads.
Terrible service.  Dry wings. Sent them back no silverware.  We were only table.  Pizza bland and undercooked.   Great TVs and the beer is cold but beer order was mixed up twice
This is a good place to watch a game and eat.  There is a lot of outdoor seating which is a big plus.  There are many televisions.

Our server was friendly and attentive.

We started with the homemade chips and dip.  The chips were crisp and tasty.   The bacon and blue cheese add a nice touch and pair nicely with the dip.

For my meal I chose the boneless wings in their honey gold sauce.  It is a large portion.  The wings are solid.  The honey gold has good flavor.
Stopped here Friday night prior to a concert at M.IM.  The wings here are excellent a true Buffalo recipe. Service was very friendly, accomodating. We were on a tight schedule and they accomodated that. Great beer menu here. The interior is classy and kept up well. I highly recommend this establishment.
Service isn't anything to write home about, but you'll get what you need. The menu is massive -- something for everyone. What I like about the food options is not only do you have plenty of comfort foods and even pizzas to choose from, you also have lighter options. I had the grilled chicken with a side of broccoli and the spinach goat cheese salad. Just enough to fill me up without making me gain a pant size! 

Side note: It is a sports bar. It's loud and there are tv's everywhere. Probably not the best spot to bring your kids on a Friday night when there's a game on. Unless you want your kid to pick up some colorful words.
Where to start...  I showed up with a colleague from Pittsburgh just looking for the NFL Playoffs, Beer and Wings.  Two Conference Championship games, 25 drinks, 40 wings, a large pizza and 7 hours later we both left very impressed.

Great drinks, 12 large indoor TVs, awesome wings and great service.

Hey Wolfley!  You da man...
First time dining there last night with a group on 9. Good food and service and it was nice to see Ron Wolfley checking on all the tables personally. I had the pulled pork platter and I thought that the price was very good and was pleasantly surprised that all the sides were included instead of having to order them a la carte. Definitely will be back!
Great place for dinner out if you don't mind the noise.  Nice spacious booths to accommodate families.  Friendly staff and a variety of food options to choose from.  Food was good in flavor, portions, and price.
If you want a place to watch some sports and enjoy some good food then this is the place to go. The atmosphere was relaxing and the service was great. I will definitely go back
Had the bourbon wings, sweet n spicy wings, and the Caesar salad. The wings were FABULOUS!  I've been searching for a wing place almost a year now and this place came closest to my favorite in hometown of Sheboygan, WI ----LEGEND LARRY'S.   Also our server was Kiley and she was fantastic ....(she totally got my request for extra, extra red onions on my salad. Thanks Kiley!
I went in on a Saturday and asked for a lunch pizza and the waitress said let me ask and said no since it is Saturday.  They also had on their menu Chicken Stir Fry which I ordered but she came back and said sorry it is Saturday so I asked the kitchen and they said no. This is my 1st and last time that I will go since it is always about the customer.  There were 10 people in the restaurant and if they want customers happy and to return, it is keeping us happy.
The guys and I were looking for a place to have some wings on Thursday night hangout.  I found this place and am absolutely floored that Yelp let me down!  This wasn't a case of the kitchen having an off night.  I am honestly surprised that people enjoy any food coming from this place.

As we came here for wings, it was the first item on the menu I looked at.  There are 8 different flavors to choose from, but don't expect to ask for a sample.  Our waitress immediately stated that we couldn't sample any of the flavors without a $.50 per sauce surcharge.  When asked how hot, I was told they use Frank's Red Hot for their base.  Authentic and Original it ain't.  Portion size is either single or double, which is code for 10 (bone-in) or 20 wings.

I ordered Bone-In and my friends got Bone-less and Chicken Cajun Sliders.  The wings were typical frozen chicken.  The Bone-less were frozen breaded fare I could get from any grocery freezer.  They were dry and bland.  The sauce was definitely heavy on Red Hot, making this one wing experience you can safely skip.  The bone-in wings were average size, and not something I would expect at a buck a piece.  

The sliders were dry.  The chicken was dry.  The cheese was dry.  The sauce was not a help.  There are only 3 sliders on a plate.  And everything was plated with a HEFTY dose of French's fried onions.  I am not sure why, because they certainly weren't tasty, and added nothing to the meal.  Even the wings came on a bed of french fried onions.

You would think the atmosphere would have made up for the terrible food.  There are a ton of TVs and Big Screens, perfect for sports fans.  Plenty of comfortable tables, and 3 outdoor patios.  A large bar takes up most of the West side of the building.  But somehow, we were let down again.  During an obviously big game night, we waited 40 minutes for a table when there were a DOZEN open tables all evening.  There was enough people to fill the restaurant, but obviously mgmt wasn't able to staff the establishment properly.  As a consequence, it took almost 30 minutes to get our food order in.  Food did come promptly, but when  you are dumping frozen food into a fryer, this should be a no-brainer.

If you are going to Desert Ridge, there are many good restaurants to choose from.  Stay away from Wolfleys.
Love this place
I had a wolf burger and it was a great burger!
Tasty and cooked perfectly! It taste like it just came off a smoky grill. Chipotle mayo and peppers were a great addition on this burger . Even there sweet potatoes fries were very tasty.
My husband had a beef on weck  with regular thick cut fries, he loved it
We have enjoyed the food  every time  we've been here!
This is getting three stars as an average. The service was horribly slow and the food is great! I keep going back for the food, but that might not be for long. Our office goes quite frequently as it's close, but we are about threw with how slow the service is. It took them exactly 47 mins for our food to get out and another 20 to get our tickets when we asked to get them after we place our order. A word to the wise, be ready to wait!
First timer here. Excellent menu selection, great craft beer selection and a great patio. Six of us and not one complaint. Had the poblano burger and although it was messy to try and eat, it was well worth it. Will definitely be back to try more of the menu.
Sorry wolf, love your radio and broadcast of games but I wasn't too impressed with the service at the restaurant. I came in with a decent sized party. We didn't get forks and knives until after food arrived and we asked for them. I was not offered a refill on my drink. Then after it wasn't super busy, we never got our bill until I asked the server at the bar to get our waitress for the bill.  The food was good and the place inside looks and feels like a great sports bar. Just not impressed with our service today.
Very dissatisfied......althought I am a single and its not hard to get a seat in the bar....I came in sat down and a nice waiter did ask me what I wanted to drink....served ne my first beer without asking if I acted to taste test it first....another weird thing about this guy is he smiled a lot...maybe too much and failed to ask me if I was eating. I flagged a waitress down about 15-20 minutes later and ordered a burger well done....when it came it was medium rare....the mash potatoes are supposed to taste like garlic....they didn't.....atmosphere is typically bar....I do not think I will return.
bad service last night the  sever never came to the table after we were there  for about 15mn went to bar and got our drinks for us. bartender was very good
The food and service were great. We were enjoying the Kentucky Derby and in the middle of the winning jockey interview all of a sudden music came on. When we asked if they could possibly turn the sound to the game 7 NBA playoff, we were told they do not play sound to TV's. We were told They only played sound to Derby because of high demand. I'm kinda short so I guess when I grow up they will play the game for me. Not the place to go to watch a game, so the "neighborhood grill" part of the name confuses me. We'll do take out next time.
The boneless wings will not disappoint. My husband ordered the Beef on Weck and it was amazing with horseradish that will make you think twice.  My portobello sandwich was okay but I was more disappointed that the "Bocce Court" was only CornHole.
Tuesday's kids eat free! That was a great start, I have a younger set of twin siblings that are 5 years old.  And since they ordered off the kiddie menu their meals were free.  
I had the bacon & blue burger and it was grilled to perfection!  Medium-rare and juicy, YUM.  My wife had the turkey burger and it wasn't too appealing however, she said she enjoyed it (she only ate 4 bites, not sure how much she enjoyed it.)  
My dad had a BYO burger and he enjoyed it as well.  
We all enjoyed happy hour drinks which goes from 3-7pm.  Overall the food was really good I just feel that the service could have been better if she was a little more personable.  She wasn't very attentive and when she would drop items off at the table she would quickly walk away before anyone could order anything else.  Televisions were everywhere and you could watch any game where ever you sit in the restaurant.  Good place to watch sports!
Love it here. Excellent food. Very good service. Cold beer. Wings are awesome. Tv's everywhere. Great for watching any sport. If you really care make a reservation.
I didn't get great service from here I got sat by a hostess but then it took about 15 mins untill a server even came on by then 10 mins before I got a water. Do hostess not communicate with their servers anymore? This seems to be true at most restaurants now. That needs to change!!!! I'll give them a second chance
My kids took me there for fathers day. the food was good. consistent. I have been there a few other times. They gave me a beer glass for fathers day, with their logo. that was a nice touch. A lot of TV's. A little louder than I prefer but good over all. food came out nice. waitress was attentive. 4 stars for being a fan. Takes a lot to get 5 stars from me. I would go there a again.
I visited Wolfley's for the first time this week for a send off party for a friend that was moving and was really impressed!  Lots of great beer on tap and the appetizers were really tasty!  Loved the Southwestern Rolls in particular...  The staff was very fast and efficient and the manager was gracious enough to help me out of a little predicament.  I'll definitely be going back when I'm in that part of town... fantastic experience!
The location is average, plenty of TV's on the walls, not the cleanest, the servers were busy conversing with each other or busy on their cell phones. The bartender struck up conversations with customers by complaining about how slow it was. I watched two patrons walk out because there was no one at the hostess station to seat them, while what appeared to be the manger sat at the bar drinking a "Salty Dog without the Vodka".

My beer, a draft shock top, was served in a warm clean glass. I ordered the burger, topped with bacon & cheddar and it was cooked properly to my liking. The potato bun tasted like it was old, but it had nice grill marks. The veggies were fresh and crisp. The burger was seasoned well, but the bacon tasted old and was hard to chew. The steak cut fries were good, but a tad over cooked for my liking. The prices were average. 

With all that said, I'd like to give the place another try; but they failed to really impress me on my first visit.
This is going to be my new go-to place for football on Sundays and any other important games I want to watch. Today was the opening day of this location. They were pretty busy but still managed to provide good service. Me and my guy friends sat up at the bar to watch the 49ers game. Because it was opening day, my buddy got unlimited Bud Lights FOR FREE. Yes you heard me correctly. FOR FREE. The employees at this location are super friendly and outgoing. They seemed to really enjoy working at a sports bar and bantered and cheered with us. The location is perfect. Right off Rural and University and walking distance from both my apartment and school. Cheers to Joe (cute bartender who served me) and Madison (server who came over and chatted up my boys) for being so friendly and welcoming. I can't wait to go back here Sunday morning to watch some football.

Oh only bummer is that button thing they have in the commercials isn't real. We wanted overtime in the game and they couldn't provide. SHUCKS!
This Tempe outpost of Buffalo Wild Wings is their 700th store. Just about 3 blocks from the Rural/University train station, it's a very convienent location to access via transit. They do offer complimentary surface parking which is something that cannot be said for downtown Tempe locations. 

The atmosphere is exactly the same as every other BWW. Over the top TV visual stimulation, bright white lights that would blind you if you looked into them, and a ridiculous amount of people in the restaurant at all times. I asked for one of the TVs to be tuned to the Diamondbacks game, and after trying to find it for 15 minutes, they put it on a small TV because the big one was carrying a U of A v. Iowa football game. Look, not only is this game a 4 days old replay, but you're in ASU territory so please put the LIVE broadcast of the HOME team on the big television. They refused. About 5 minutes later, another bar patron asked that same TV showing football to be changed to Cubs v. Giants, and there was no hesitation on their part to get this done. I was a little befuddled. 

The food is shy of average. When I go to a place that specializes in buffalo wings, give me some decent buffalo wings. These things are tiny, overcooked, balls of grease. I tried the garlic parmesan, spicy garlic, medium, and asian zing sauces. The garlic parmesan was kind of gross, the asian zing was identical to the bottle of Mae Ploy sweet and spicy glaze I have in my refrigerator. The other two were fine sauces, but the meat portions and quality were crap. 

On my visit, they had just opened two days prior so I'll cut them slack on the mishaps, which were plentiful, on the bartender/servers part. I won't however, write a review without mentioning the behavior of the managerial staff. Is this amateur hour? The TWO MANAGERS got out a book of ID cards which supposedly had every ID in the country with pictures and ways to tell if it's fake. Every out of state ID they saw, they referenced the book. What I have to ask is if they are managers of a big time chain restaurant, shouldn't they have seen an ID or two in their day? Don't they have a history of working in bars/restaurants? Shouldn't they have carded people in the past? I then watched them brushing their teeth behind the bar. Lost my damn appetite. The employees aren't being trained quickly because the management team is a bunch of buffoons.

FYI, if you recently turned 21 and have a vertical ID, don't go here because they won't take it. Someone needs to tell them they are by a college campus. I watched at least a dozen people be turned down for drinks because of the vertical ID.
i was in a hurry, so i really didn't get a chance to enjoy the atmosphere...but it looks like its a cool place to go watch some football...i might have to try that out
I love B-dubs. Normally, this place is a lot of fun for football and basketball season. I am a HUGE Suns fan, so I like to be able to see the games when I go out. Anyway, I went to this location with about 8 friends for the last ASU game vs. Oregon (Sept. 25). The first 3 of us showed up and sat at a booth and waited 45 minutes before our waitress showed up. Then, after she took our drink and food orders, it was another 30 minutes before we got our drinks. We shrugged it off because they were a little busy. No big deal. Then, my boyfriend decided to order a Rum and Diet coke. First someone brought him a Jack and Coke. He turned it away nicely and told him what he ordered. This happened THREE more times. "Jack and coke?" "No, I ordered a Rum and Diet Coke please." "Jack and DIET?" "NO RUM AND DIET COKE PLEASE." "Did someone over here order a Jack and Coke?" "NO! Wow, really?" Finally, we got the right drink and everyone was happy. The rest of our crew showed up and we were having a merry time watching the game until the Manager came over to us and basically scolded us for having 6 Rum and cokes and she wanted to make sure we had a DD. Well, the 4 of us drinking waters looked at each other and said "seriously?" and the other 4 who were drinking the 6 Rum and Cokes over a 4 hour time period said the same thing. I understand that bars can be held liable for letting people have one too many and its great that this bar is doing their due diligence, but having the manager come over and literally scold us for having 6 drinks in 4 hours was RIDICULOUS. Sucked the fun right out of the night. What makes me even more angry, the obnoxious, belligerently drunk Oregon fans at the table next to us didn't have ANYONE tell them the number of drinks that they had. NOR was their a Designated Driver sitting anywhere near them. I also recall, as my group was waiting in the line to get out of the parking lot, seeing the Oregon fans climb into their cars to drive away as well. 
I am really disappointed in this B-dubs and I hope they get their act together. Great location, horrible service.
This is the first time I have ever been to a BWW and ordered take out.  Now it was packed in there because of football but I didn't have to wait to long for my food.  I got 5 different flavors, sweet bbq, spicy bbq, asian zing, spicy garlic and medium.  I really liked the asian zing!  Courtney, who checked me out, was super busy but still took the time to check everyone's to go orders to make sure everything was there, great customer service.  The celery was missing from my order, an oversight on my part as well since we went over the order together.  
My only problem was the packaging, what a huge waste! It seems they only have one size box and it is huge.  They really need to have smaller sizes and not be so wasteful.
Very unhappy with this place. We went for dinner on a weeknight. This is why I won't be going back:
--Wings were served in fast food paper baskets. It's a sit-down place with waiter service, so why can't they use real dishes?
--One server spilled ranch on our table and our cell phone. He stood and started until I asked for napkins. He brought some put didn't bother to clean any part of the mess himself.
--We waited so long for a refill at one point that I just got up and went into the server station to get my own.
--What kind of wing place doesn't offer you wet-naps or carrots/celery?! No thanks.
I feel like I gave this place way too much credit. Since the first time going in the service has been pretty lackluster. Yesterday we had to ask for things three or four times until we got them and it took our food forever to arrive. Maybe I need to sit at the bar every time to have as good of an experience as I did the first time. I'm kind of disappointed.

A general note to the managers on duty: I see you all walking around all high and mighty in your blue button-up shirts. Maybe you should actually go up to tables and see how their experience is. Just a thought.
I want to give it ZERO.  This place just opened and it's nasty.  Dirty menus (yeah, I like old dried wing sauce inside my menu).  Waitress dumped wings on the dude behind us.  I knew better than to go there....but the crowd convinced me to go with them.  Food sucks, wings suck, service sucks, TV volume was so flippin loud you could not hear anyone.  I've been to other BWW and should have known better.  Really a dozen wings served in a lousy cardboard container with sauce on the side with a sticker stuck on the sauce condiment cup...don't they do that to hospital food?  One napkin when we're ordering wings?  I asked for more and the waitress brought 4 for a table of 6 - ever take a math class???  Later on you get to see your waiter/waitress hovering around the soda machine drinking soda out of white paper cups...yeah, that's what I want to see, ASU undergrad servers sucking on free soda while we're eating dinner.

BWW = But Why Would I go back again?????

Oh yeah, their Mar Vee Zuh (margarita + corona) sucks too.   Send your bartender over to Sol Cocina in Newport Beach and see what a reall "Bulldog" is supposed to look and taste like.  I swear the bartender put a splash of margarita in the glass and topped it off with tap PBR or some other horsecrap beer = nasty again.
Beat the blazing challenge (12 of their hottest wings in 6 mins) along with 2 other friends (3 of 4 finished, 1st try).  Sooooo - their wings were undercooked (not raw), you know, the kinda slimey, stickey chicken skin as opposed to the ideal crunchy, dry skin.  Ive also eaten their other wing flavors (Hot, Spicy BBQ) and was not impressed with the flavor of the sauce (and again the wings were undercooked).  The one good thing this place has going for it is that there are LOTS of TVs and they get all the football games.
On a side note.  I know several people that work (or have quit) here and have heard horror stories about how their management treats their staff and would advise anyone looking for a serving job to look elsewhere before you look here.
I went here last night for dinner with two of my friends. It was my first time and wasn't really sure what to expect. 

Well, the place was really clean and although it was pretty packed, we were seated immediately in the dining area. Our server asked if everyone had been there before and I chimed in so he gave me the run down with all the sauces and wings and stuff. We get our drinks and place our orders. I got 12 traditional wings with hot bbq and honey bbq sauces and some fries. My friends got wings + fries and the buffalo chicken wrap. Our server mentioned that 4 cooks didn't come in today so that there would be a bit of a wait. So about 15 minutes later...our food arrives. So riddle me this BWW...Why are there no plates? I can imagine they're conserving quite a bit of water, but if you bring out 6 containers for my meal alone, that just seems like a huge waste of cardboard. That really bothered me the whole time I was there. Anyways, the food was pretty good. I feel like I could get better wings at a number of different places. If I was big into sports though, this would be a great place to hang out during happy hour or something.
You can't really criticize BWW for the mediocre food served in paper boats and dressing packets for salads.  They are a national company that seems to be doing something right considering their success.  However, you'd think such success would translate to some kind of service standard.  

I can tell from other reviews that I am not the only one that received remarkably bad service at this place.  It was the ASU v. UofA football game and the place was overflowing.  According to our server, the shortage of bartenders justified our second round of drinks taking more than an hour. MORE THAN AN HOUR!!!  Unfortunately for him, the lack of bartenders could not be blamed for the food taking even longer.  

At one point, after checking three times to see if a runner had brought our drinks, someone got up from the table to ask him if they were ever going to come.  His response, "You didn't order more drinks."  Let me say that again.  He checked back with us three times to see if we had gotten a round of drinks that, according to him, we never ordered.  Confused???  So were we. 

If they keep this up, they won't last much longer than Six Shooters.
EXPENSIVE for chicken parts nobody wants. I get chicken breasts for less. Sauces were good. Wait was long. Loved the TV screens for football. 
Tuesdays would be the only time I returned for lower priced wings. Not many deals like other locations.
the applebees/outback of chicken wings.

i see a lot of bad reviews - but how can you? it's a franchised sports bar. you can't come in here expecting top notch server or food for that matter. i don't go to denny's expecting a 5 star steak house service and food. you get what you pay for and BWW is cheap food. 'nuff said.

i throughly enjoy the habenaro mango bone in wings. it's something i crave day in and day out. the beer on tap is always ice cold. and tho the servers aren't the most personable people - they get the job done in a timely manner that i can't complain. 

i'll prolly be back to sweat from the heat of the wings and cool it off with a beer sooner than later!
45-cent Wings Night every Tuesday:
That's the only time we go there. And the only food we would: bone-in wings (we tried their breaded...mehhhh, a little too "synthetic" tasting) and their potato wedges.

Their potato wedges are just the perfect size... one biters! And they are crunchy outside but soft inside...delish.

The only flavours that set them apart from the other wing places are the Mango Habanero and Asian Zing. Other than that, their wings are just about the same as the other places. 

A special shout-out to the Asian-American server who works there. He is definitely the NICEST and most helpful BWW server in the Valley. Give him a raise or a promotion!

Oh, and lastly, $1.20 for two little dinky containers of ranch on Tues? Come on, for that price I could get a biggle bottle of ranch from Fry's and feed the whole table AND take it home.
Love Buffalo Wild wings, but not this location. Went there with my boyfriend and his friend and a server took us to our table and it took them 10-15 min to get someone  aka the manager over to our table to greet us and give us all water and get our drink order. I normally get the honey bbq wings and when they came out they had absloutely no sauce on them. never will go back here again, kinda disappointed cause its close to home.
So the two-star rating on here says it all: Meh, I've experienced better. So true of the BBW in Tempe.  Everytime I go there it's practically empty - which I guess doesn't ALWAYS signify a bad establishment - but in this case I think it may.  

The wing Tuesdays are nice and cheap, and as long as you're drinking domestic beers (crappy domestics...) then your bill won't be so high. I was really P-O'd when I found out that local beers didn't count as $3 domestics!!! Hello, Four Peaks is right down the road and you're gonna charge me 6.50 for a pint during HAPPY HOUR?!  Please.  Also, skip the boneless wings. They are just glorified, over breaded chicken nuggets. Ick.
I've only been to one other BWW and I liked it. 

The food was okay. I had 4 honey bbq 4 spicy garlic 4 medium boneless wings and a side of fries. The wings had very little sauce and I'be had better fries. 

The service wasn't good. They took forever to bring us our food and the waitress didn't give us refills. Someone from my table ended up taking our cups and refilling them at the waitress station.
This restaurant is extremely dirty.. I find it especially concerning when the general manager is helping to run food and does not care how dirty everything looks. The floor was shameful and tables everywhere had not been cleared from past eaters.. I don't know about you, but I love looking at half eaten food right before I order! In fact, we couldn't sit at a booth because they were "working on cleaning them". Very odd... the first thing I saw was a old chicken wing on the ground, which the host walked right passed... if the outside of the restaurant looks like that, its hard to imagine what the kitchen looks like (what we don't see?. Never going back! This general manager should be fired, so the business can actually thrive like their other locations.... final word: disturbing.
I Love the B-Dubs just not this one. There service is a little slow. There wasn't a big game going on and hardly anyone there so i was expecting the service to be faster than normal. The wings at this location seemed less than satisfactory and too small. maybe its because i went for boneless instead of my usual traditional wings. They also have U of A stuff not appealing when you're in ASU territory. I don't mind seeing a small pendent in the back but its not the first one i want to see when i sit down.
I come here quite a bit, and though they are not the best wings ever, they are the most consistent as far as quality goes, and they offer an awesome selection in wing sauces! We usually go during the day for lunch and sit in the bar area... somehow we always end up with Bryan as our server! He's an A+ server, always remember us, even remembers the beers that we like to drink! Not bad for only going here like once or twice a month! I've never had a bad experience here, and we came here on a night when it was SLAMMED for a UFC fight... and still recieved great service!
I really like buffalo wild wings. I always get the boneless wings, which I like because it allows me to forget that I'm eating meat. Meat on the bone almost always freaks me out a little because it makes me think about it too much.... but that's just me. I like their sauces, especially the spicy garlic.... yum. I thought this location was on par with the other locations I've been to (scottsdale, fiesta mall, chandler, portland) and our server was nice and attentive last night. My friend and I also got drinks (a daiquiri and a bahama mama (?)) and they were both really tasty 'girl' drinks. The place wasn't super busy for around 10:30 on a saturday, but that's fine with me, I'd rather not wait. Oh and yay to trivia!!!!
I went back here last night because I got home late and couldn't think of another place that would be open. Well, this experience was much less impressive than last time. We had a clueless waitress. She was extremely slow. We got drinks, which were fine, but extremely overpriced (the BF got a beer and it was 6$?!?! more than my cocktail! WTF). We also got water to go with our wings. So we got our wings, which were fine, but then the waitress disappeared. Our waters remained empty for a looong time. We also waited about 25 minutes to get our check. It was ridiculous. So when we finally got the bill, I noticed we were charged about 3$ for carrots and celery. Really??? I thought when she asked if we wanted some with the wings, it was a standard thing. I've been going to Buffalo wild wings for 6 years and have never been charged for carrots and celery. In addition, we got like 5 scrawny carrots.... we didn't even eat it all, we just figured we'd get some with the wings cuz why not? Well, we found out why not. So we pay, and on the way out, we found out what was keeping our waitress so busy while we sat there waiting for ridiculous periods of time- She was sitting at the front of the restaurant with about 5 other employees talking. Seriously?!?! That is ridiculous. I am all for enjoying work and even chatting a bit, but they should at least have a view of the dining room in order to attempt to give decent service. I really don't want to continue giving my business to this company after that experience.
Was here for a Bachelor Party and watched a UFC PPV with NO COVER! It was busy, yes, but the service was very fast and I can say with out a doubt that our waiter was one of the best servers I've ever had. Your not doing yourself any favors if you don't stop by here if your in Tempe
Have you ever try mango habanero chicken wings? No? Good! You have to.. But when you do, just prepare for a great sensation (burning mode) on your tongue and spread out to your lips! Woooohhh! That great! If you survive this one, you got to try the ultimate deadly spicy chicken wings combo that they have. I'm sure you will be leaving here with a full stomach and hot lips! Love their chili fries and honey BBQ wings! Next time I'll try to conquer all the spicy wings...
Really, they have some pretty fantastic wings.  The chicken itself should be rated at 3 stars, but thanks to the amount of flavors they have, it bumps the review up to 4.

They have over 20 different sauces that you can put on your wings.  They also have some special sauces that come and go.  Recently, they have begun serving a Captain Morgan sauce... Let me tell you, even if you are not a fan of the rum, you will be a fan of this sauce.  It's sweet with a little bit of kick, and it's a ton better than their honey barbecue.

Try and come on Tuesdays or Thursdays.  They have Wing Specials these days that make their wings much more affordable... After all I would rather not pay $5.99 for 8 Boneless Wings.  That's outrageous.

If you want delicious wings, look no further.
Fun sports vibe to it.  Great for a high calorie lunch.  If you're on a diet, do not come here.  You're guaranteed to gain 5 lbs.
Geez guys, someone explain the hate!

I've been here perhaps six or seven times with friends/family, and will probably go again relatively soon. Service was never particularly bad for me, and they always came to check on us, manager included, when the restaurant was busy or practically empty!

Food's decent, with reasonable prices for BBQ, wings, and more, but the extra star comes from the variety of flavors you can get! I usually get some sort of mix of mild, parmesan garlic, and a dry rub. 

This is solid American dining in my book. If your experience is similar to mine, you can't really go wrong with BWW.
I don't miss a lot of things about Chicago, but one of the few things I do is being able to walk into just about any bar and see Guinness Draught.  The bottles and cans just aren't the same.  Buffalo Wild Wings gets points *just* for the Guinness.

Otherwise, it's a sports bar.  They have wings and tenders and burgers and mozzarella sticks- bar food, but it's done well.  It's consistent, if not world-changing.  They've got more than enough TVs (flatscreens and and projectors), and lots of beers on tap, including my favorite, Guinness.  Staff is friendly, personable, helpful, and quick.  My server, Maygan, just moved from Peoria University, so we had a bit to talk about.

And unlike the disaster of a parking lot situation that hobbles the Chandler location, it looks like they've got plenty of parking.

And did I mention the Guinness Draught?
This place has improved immensely since when it first opened.  The cooks seem to have finally learned how to cook, and the waitstaff seems a bit more competent as well.  Mozzarella sticks were good and the Southwest bites were tasty.  Not sure what it is about their wing sauce (buffalo) but my stomach is always in knots the next day... I might not consider myself a wing aficionado, but Im probably pretty close and I havent had the side effects I get when I eat here anywhere else.  And it happens every time I eat their wings.  They do taste decent, just not sure if the product is worth the price anymore (and im not talking $$).

Best things about B dubs = LOTS of tv's, they get UFC ppv's, they have most football games and other sports on at least one tv.  Decent selection of beers, and they have games like golden tee and that trivia game to play if theres nothing on tv
I just can't talk myself into a full 4 stars.  Lets start with the service, Amber was a doll and we got exactly what we ordered and the tab was 100% accurate (no small task for a 6 hour visit).  When we and others at our table got what we ordered was a different matter.  As the afternoon wore on the helpers had trouble getting orders to the correct tables.  And the young one (3) in our party had over a 1/2 hour wait for his ice cream.  I don't think they have enough staff for a football Sunday as Amber was visibly run ragged with her assigned sections.

I have had better and less expensive wings however we liked both of our sauce choices (Thai curry, Asian zing).  I actually preferred the sharing sides (Southwest bites and spinach chicken flat bread) we ordered later on.  The selection of beers was excellent.

The place was packed and noisy.  Our group ended up on the patio and it turned out to be better than we thought it would be.  Less noisy and easier to get up and socialize.  The parking lot was made for midget cars.  Overall I give this place a 3-1/2.
Four stars! 

Today, I had the pleasure of meeting up with several Yelpers, as well many of my friends, since it's my last week in the Phoenix area before my move to Las Vegas.

Today's mission? Drink, eat and watch Football! It was pretty busy, and why not? This is a cool place. I don't care if it's a chain. Good is good.

I am cutting our primary server quite a bit of slack because she put up with quite a bit (she had several tables scattered throughout the restaurant on a busy Sunday). I won't go into the details.

Here is where she really came through for me. I ordered Mango Habanero boneless wings and like a true wuss, they were too spicy for me. Yeah. Me. The Indian. Anyway, our server was kind enough to take them back, and brought me a replacement with a mild sauce so I could eat a proper meal.

My beers came out at the right temperature, and whenever I needed something, she was there to help me, no matter how distracted I seemed by all the games.

When it came time to pay up, she didn't mess up. We had a party of about 15-20 people over the course of the day and we never had to deal with the "who ordered what" because she automatically split our tabs up, without asking. She knew what was up.

When the evening progressed, and it slowed down, she even took some time to visit with us for a few minutes. This was AFTER we paid. So she wasn't doing this to get a higher tip. She was just a nice person. 

Kudos to Amber. 

A note for those who are like me and hate eating and drinking outside....this patio is perfect. Even on a 100 degree day. The patio is fully shaded and has plenty of misters. It's perfect. 

If you want to read reviews about their wings, and the sauces, there are plenty of other 4 and 5 star reviews. 

This place is awesome. Great place to watch sports. If you are in the area.

One last note. They have Pinnacle Whipped Vodka. You can get an Orange Julius Shot. It will touch your soul.
Buffalo Wild Wings is a typical chain and the food is as expected. Two of my favorite sauces here are the Mango Habanero and Caribbean Jerk. 

The dining area at this location has a ton of TVs of various sizes and most seats in the dining area have a good view. However, make sure not to get the corner booth near the stuffed animal claw machines. Some of your guests will not be able to see the TVs at all. I recommend asking to switch if you get placed there.

The service at this location is quite poor and the restaurant seems to be running at very low efficiency. To start, the hosts do not greet or even address customers as they arrive. There seem to be a ton of servers in the dinning area, but you never see any of them working. Instead, they stand around in pairs talking. Meanwhile, our food took about 15 minutes to arrive, which seems unreasonable for a fried appetizer and 10 of their trademark wings. Lastly, we only saw our server twice. One time was when we placed our order and the second (much to her fury) was when I had to walk our check up to the front of the restaurant to pay.
I came here a couple of weeks back to meet a group of Yelpers for beer, wings, and football.  The location worked for everyone, I'm not sure we picked it because we thought BWW was anything amazing, it was just convenient and met our criteria. 

I have been to multiple BWW's many times and I just do not like them.  Service is always mediocre, no matter how busy or slow.  Our server on this occasion was actually a cutie pie and was very good natured as some of the boys at our table were flirting and joking with her and even as worn out as the poor thing was, she still interacted and had fun with them.  My complaint (having been a server before) is the way they had servers assigned to tables.  She not only had inside tables, but the patio as well.  When it is busy like this they need to be more strategic about assigning sections to servers so they are not constantly running.  The needs of the customer are bound to get neglected and their staff is going to be ragged not even halfway into a very long football Sunday. 

This time around at BWW I had the fried mushrooms with a house salad.  I can honestly say these are probably the worst fried shrooms I've ever had.  Extremely doughy with a mushroom the size of a button inside.  Yuck.  The salad was far from fresh.  The lettuce was obviously wilted and that was pretty much all there was to it with the exception of a cucumber or two and some tomatoes.  I tried a friend's boneless wings and thought the meat was dry and there was not enough sauce.  I like my wings drenched in saucy yumminess. 

The reason I give this place two stars is I discovered a new beer that I am a big fan of. Leinenkugel Sunset Wheat.  Make sure you ask for an orange garnish.  

Am I a fan? No.  Would I come back and just drink beer for the pleasure of good company? Yes.
When reviewing a national chain, the review should primarily be focused on activities that are highly variable such as:

- ambiance (different stores have different layouts)
- service (this is highly variable)
- Cleanliness (stores vary)
- etc.

Large chains like BWW are great at being consistent in their food recipes and menu selection, a mango habanero wing in Florida will virtually taste the same as a mango habanero wing in Arizona. This is standard for all large companies, Mcdonalds wants everyone to have the same experience when ordering a Bigmac, regardless of where they get it from, this is the same with BWW because of this my review will primarily be focused on services and ambiance of the restaurant. 


*Ambiance
- The restaurant is extremely clean as it should be for being a little more than a year old. Big screen tv's are plastered on every square inch of the walls. The space is big and wide, being cramped will be the least of your worries. 

*Service
- Due to it being Wing Tuesday the place was swamped and unfortunately BWW was severely understaffed. Based on past experience at other BWW, I waited far too long for my server to come by to take my order. The food also took much longer than usual for a Tuesday, this tempe branch needs to staff appropriately, when in doubt overstaff. 

*Cleanliness
- A+ here, no rants =D 

*Consistency 
- They were out of carrots. I repeat no carrots. I ordered the veggie boat that comes with celery and carrots, but again no carrots. They also ran out of cole slaw cups. The supply chain at this restaurant is in dire need of a makeover, they stocked out of carrots and cole slaw cups for goodness sake! 

Conclusion. 
Food is consistent with other BWW's I have been to. What sets this branch apart from the rest is its lack of preparation.
- Understaffed for an easily foreseen busy Tuesday.
- Stockouts of carrots! I love my carrots with my habanero wings!
- Stockouts of Coleslaw cups. I hope they fix their supply chain!
Amazing place to eat!! great wings, great bartender, and wonderful waitresses. Go out of their way to put on the games you want, respectful and always aware if my glasses getting empty. Bartender is absolutely the best. Always has my food ready fast and always makes sure I'm happy with my drink. Def best place for wings and a good time with friends and family
3.5 stars. I want to give them 4, but I won't. That being said, I would definitely come back for more, i'm just saying my experience probably could have been better. I don't hate it at all, so don't take offense to the 3 instead of 4 star :P.

Got in, they had a nice dining area, or the bar, you get to choose where. There are Tv's wall to wall showing whatever's good, and even one showing a digital poker match going on inside the bar, which is pretty cool. The menu was great, the prices were decent, my brother and I split 6 mango habanero, 6 asian zing, and 6 chipotle. Then we also split mini corndogs (half off for happy hour), and a basket of potato wedges (not half off). The chipotle wings were crap, it was like they cooked wings and seasoned them and served it to us, just tasted like dry salty wings. The asian zing had a nice crispy spicy and sweet glaze on them, similar to a spicy zing i've tried before, very good. The mango habanero was the bomb though, glazed a bit, slightly sweet, with a kick of habanero, delicious! I tried mango habanero somewhere else before, and man it tasted like shit, it was like saucy and wet mango curry was on the wings or something. But Buffalo wild wings did mango habanero right! The mini corndogs were pretty good, though they forgot to give us the "honey mustard", which when we requested it didn't taste like "honey" mustard at all, just normal mustard, whatever though. The potato wedges were great! They had a nice seasoning to them, slightly less undercooked compared to that of KFC's, which I would prefer more, but these were delicious enough

Service was decent, but could have been better, they didn't seem to pay much attention, they were having more fun with their co-workers, which is fine by me, I don't blame them, work can get boring sometimes. 

As a generous yelper, I'm so tempted to give them a 4 star rating.. No harm to ya though Buffalo Wild Wings, I'm sure the next time I come around I'll have a better experience, and I will be back for another round for sure :).
You gotta hand it to Buffalo Wild Wings: they are the place to go for football on a Sunday. With TVs lining the walls, you are definitely going to find the game you came in for. It should be noted that Sundays are PACKED - get there a half hour before your game is going to start. And if your game is at the same time as the Cardinals game, you may be sitting outside. Don't worry, they've got heaters in the winter and sprinklers in the summer for their patio :)

I like the layout of Tempe's Buffalo Wild Wings. The environment is always clean and the waitstaff is always very helpful. Being at a bar for 3+ hours can be a challenge for any waiter and these folks do it well. Our orders are always correct, our beers are always refilled in a timely manner, and they're always smiling and happy.

If you need a place to watch the game, go here! You'll love the wings, the beer, and the atmosphere.
This place is good. I can't find anything bad about this place. Wall-to-wall screens with all the games. Seating is a little cozy for Sunday afternoon NFL, but it's expected. The servers were okay, but not  exceptional, you could tell they didn't LOVE coming to work. 

The wings and sauces were delicious. As always. 

That said, it's definitely a place I'll come back to. I hope the servers are a little more happy to be at work. When I see the service improve, I'll reflect that in my review. :)
I havent been to a buffalo wild wings that has gotten it right and i dont think I ever will.  the atmosphere is blah and the service is just as bad.  It has nicer tvs and setup then the one in tucson but we werent greeted when we came in and there was a girl just standing there not doing much that never even asked us if we needed to be helped.  another person had to come and take us to our seats.  Wings are always good, but dont recommend anything else on the menu.
I really like their boneless wings and the service at lunch is pretty good and quick enough. That's why it's three stars.

Be warned...If you come here when it's busy, you'll receive awful service. It's slow, spotty (at best), and you'll end up asking for a ton of stuff that's just basic restaurant stuff. This location in particular is slow as hell when it's busy. 

Thursdays are a great day to go, because of the 60 cent boneless wings. As for their wings, I like a lot of their sauces, especially the mango habenero and honey BBQ. It is a really good place to watch a game, and the crowd can be fun sometimes (when not overrun with college frat douches), so BWW has that going for it.

Will I be back? Yes. Will I attempt to avoid it during evenings and weekends? Absolutely.
I like this BWW. I've had great service every time I have been here. The boneless wings are great and their selection of bear on tap is great. Come during happy hour and you can get a large beer for the price of a small. Yes, they might be more pricey than Wing Stop, but personally I think their wings are better, they have a better selection of sauces, and the ambiance is much better.
The Buffalo serves wings, boneless wings, boneless wings sandwiches, and salads that can be ordered with or without wings.  I like my wings with the bone, otherwise known as tradition wings.  There are some twenty odd flavors.  Currently, I get half hot and half Thai curry.  Top that off with some fries, ketchup, carrots, and blue cheese and you've got yourself a lunch special.  The loyalty card is a nice perk, $5 off every few meals or so.  The servers are very generous with the punches.  And if I ever managed to fill out the survey from the receipt, I would be saving even more moolah.  For a little bit, I was using SCVNGR to unlock some deals.  It is an app that requires you to complete challenges, and if you get enough points, you can unlock deals.  It was fun for a few weeks, but then seemed like a lot of work.  They've also got drinks, but come on, man, this is my lunch break.
Great happy hour menu. Decent wings with a wide selection of sauce choices. 

Bonus - NTN Trivia!! :)
Buffalo wild wings to me is like RA. Great atmosphere and service, but crappy food. I ordered twelve hot wings and a beer. We'll get to the beer in a minute. The wings were super greasy, like soaked in cooking oil. They were more sweet than hot, they tasted like they were dipped in sugar. The ranch was mayo with seasoning, and even had the same consistency as such. It was overall gross. I asked the difference in cost between a bud lite and a kiltlifter. The guy said, bud is $3 four a tall, and $4 for a kilt, as I began to order a kilt he verbally changed the price to $5.50. I will not return.
Edible bar food.  Odd pricing on drinks when large beers are cheaper than the smaller size.  Don't sit in the bar if decent service is a requirement.
This BWW location is a solid 4-star-er.

Pros:
-Wings and tons of sauces (my faves: honey BBQ, asian zing)
-Offer low-fat ranch, regular ranch and bleu cheese for wing dips
-Good happy hour food and drink specials
-Tuesdays - regular wing specials
-Thursdays - boneless wing specials
-Service - I've ALWAYS had very accommodating servers and bartenders, including changing TV channel to a different game
-Calorie counts on menus - make better informed decisions

Cons:
-Noise level - it's CRAZY loud in here, even when there are no major games on
-Misters do a better job of cooling down the area OUTSIDE of the patio than they do cooling the actual patio area.
-Dry seasoning (in lieu of sauces) - avoid
-Calorie counts on menus - you'll quickly realize you're about to consume 1k calories, minimum

They've also recently added a new position that is sort of a 'good time coordinator' if you will.  She will offer little beer tasters (though I found out that I cannot sip, but rather have to slam down any liquid given to me in a shot glass...oops.).  She also coordinates promo events and the wing challenge.  A few weeks ago, they had a competition where you could guess the USA Olympic medal counts to win up to 50 free wings...  And I won!  50 FREE WINGS!  Obviously I'll be back for my freebies and others.

Dietary tip: Get the naked tenders with your favorite wing sauce and sub a side salad for the fries to make a very filling meal for at least half the calories of everything else on the menu.  Thanks to my pal Paulie D. for that one!
Let me start out by saying...boneless buffalo wings are my weakness and I am in love with them!  That said...let's get to the review.
This location doesn't really deserve even the one star they are getting.  First off, I ordered my wings and buffalo chips online and actually requested them for an hour later.  So I get there, right on time, and end up waiting about five minutes.  Okay, sure no problem, right!?  Well I get my order and head home.  Once I get home though I realize they had given me boned instead of boneless wings.  Since I'm not a fan of the regular wings, I hopped in my car and proceeded back to the establishment.  I get there and they apologize and hand me the corrected order.  Well I walk outside and get in my car and decided I should probably check to make sure it's right.  Well what do you know, they give me the wrong flavor and of course it's a gross flavor.  So I go back in told the cashier that it was wrong yet again.  She says, "but you asked for boneless."  Once that came out of her mouth, I figured I wouldn't give them a third chance to screw up my order again so I asked for my money back.  She walks into the kitchen and after about 5 minutes of waiting, she comes back with the manager.  The manager doesn't apologize or anything, he just looks super annoyed that he has to take the time out to refund a customer.  Did I mention this was during lunch on a football packed Sunday?!  He proceeds to hand me a receipt to sign to show that I'm just paying for the buffalo chips....ummm yeah right!  I let him know that the wings and the buffalo chips were both in the bag and then he starts gripping at the cashier.  Finally, he figured out what the correct procedure was and informed me that the transaction was voided.  He then tries to hand me a $5 coupon for my troubles...needless to say, it ended up on the floor as I was leaving.  Never again will I walk into that BWW or any of their other locations.  That one experience has ruined any chance of me returning.
Will never be back to this bar thanks to the loud mouth bartender.
I've been to this location twice, and both times dealt with horrible service. Not only were our servers apathetic and ignorant of the menu; they were both unapologetically rude. She messed up almost all of our orders, and didn't even seem to care. I am usually very carefree when I go out to a sports bar, but it was starting to seriously annoy me. It's too bad, because the other BWW I used to go to in the north valley always had great service. But, this location needs serious employee "restructuring."
I've eaten at several different Buffalo Wild Wing locations, but this particular location was a bad experience. Mostly just bad service. I bartender/waitress was missing half the time, so I couldn't get refills. I asked for my salad first, but she brought it with my food. The food took a long time, and then semi warm when it came, so I'm sure it was ready in the kitchen, but my server didn't notice it for a while. Then when I finally wanted to leave I couldn't find her to pay my bill and leave.
Tried the Buffalo Chicken Flat Bread, yum. then the Garlic infused Fried Mushrooms, breath not so great, but tummy and taste buds very happy
I am an official Buffalo Wild Wings Blazin' Challenge Winner! And i do that everytime I get bored. Need I say more?
Good burgers, good atmosphere. Can't complain.
Lively place good beer great staff and yummy food! Had a Italian Burger w/ mozzarella sticks, pepperoni and marinara sauce on the it! MMM MMm Mmm...
LOVE, there mango habanero!  A mix of spicy and sweet.  The wings were pretty big about 4" for the wing and a little less for the mini leg looking one.  Enjoy my wings with a side of buffalo chips (french fries in a round shape) and some blue cheese.  
There hot are pretty tasty too.  Do not like the carabean jerk, those to me are pretty gross, but some of my friends do like them. I saw give it a try. 

Also a great place to catch the game or simply play some trivia.
I went here tonight to watch the Kansas vs Western Kentucky game. I knew it would be busy so I showed up early and patiently waited for a high top in the bar since I was alone. After I got a table my waiter was right there but it took awhile to get my beer, at least he took my wing order. When he delivered my beer and wings he didn't come back till my glass was empty. It took 15 minutes to get my new beer. According to my waiter it was because the tap had bown, but I saw the bartender pouring the same beer. 

As I am getting ready for the game I notice that the two big screens in the bar are on different games. Mind you I didn't expect both but 1 was on a lower seed game and the other was on a game that didn't star for 20 min. I asked for the channel to be changed and was told they don't change channels. I was shocked that a #1 team was going to only be on small TVs and started looking for my waiter to cash out, but he was nowhere to be found. Thankfully a nice waitress got me my tab but I had to go give it to my waiter. He took his own sweet time even though I was trying to leave to miss as little as the game as possible. He was a bad waiter and whoever the young girl in the white worker shirt was that said she wouldn't change the channel is an idiot.

They get two stars for 2 reasons: the waitress that helped me get out of there faster and the manager who valiantly tried to keep me there. By that time I was shocked, pissed and I had tabbed out but at least he tried.
bad service, and idiotic game scheduling will keep me out of this location for a long while.
Great Atmosphere, Loads of Fun, & good Beer.  :) Friday night however the food took a little long for just 12 wngs.  Other than that A-OK
Wings, Beer, Sports, NTN Trivia --- I mean, it's pretty self explanatory when you go into a Buffalo Wild Wings : )

Nothing bad. Just chill vibe, and chill food.
If you are coming here before a game come early.... 30+ mins to order a soda, another 25 more to order food....hour 20 in and food is still not here.
Great service!  We were in a hurry to catch a plane and conveyed that to the hostess and waitress so we got speedy service.  The wings and drinks were good but a bit pricier than I expected.
Service is getting bad after a couple years. Relatively been ignored multiple visits, and have never been offered a water refill after the glass being empty for 20 minutes. The food's still good, but I take back what I said of relatively good service. Depending on the night I wouldn't expect much...
I'm BWubs obsessed, however this location needs work... badly... Ive been to this location twice, first time in a group of 5, we waited for 20 minutes to only be told by the waiter we needed to wait longer because a group of 12 (which came in after us) needed to be served first, needless to say we left. Never receiving any service.. Went back about 2 months later with just my boyfriend we waited about 20 minutes for a server to come greet us, however she did apologize for the wait, she was not informed she had an additional take (all right, Ill take it) after that she placed our order and gave us 25% off of our bill for not greeting us right away (AWESOME!) but after that she had disappeared..never got a drink refill... hows the food... nada. At the end of the night she did ask if we needed a box and would like drinks to go (once again, brownie point earned) However, it shouldnt be such a jump in customer service. I would definitely not go here if i wasnt in the mood to wait or had plans for the day
This location is near ASU

It's a big restaurant and there's outdoor seating.

Service was excellent.  Wings and beer were excellent.

Go and enjoy.  Happy hour prices are really good - it possible that this BWW is a tad less expensive than the average BWW.
The service is great here! Our waitress, Alyssa, is always checking to see if we need anything. This type of service, I usually only experience at a fine dining restaurant. The location is great since its so close to ASU! Our wings and appetizers are amazing and hot!
I attended my bestie's going away party here. She had won 50 free wings and invited us to pig out. We had our own little private room (I would have preferred to sit and mingle with the rest of the crowd). Service was good...football was playing...all's good.
The food here is alright. Never really was a big fan of BBW, but my cousin wanted to eat here because of the wing special they have on Thursdays, 60cents for boneless wings. It's a little too pricey for boneless wings I must say. I had the parmesan garlic wings and the chicken 'burlitos', which basically was a soft chicken taco. I don't recommend the parmesan garlic wings, it's wayyyy too saucy and the chicken burlitos was a disappointment. 

The only good thing about this place is that there's plenty of TV's to watch any sports game.
I've been here twice now.  I would go again if a friend wanted to only because the location is perfect for before or after an ASU volleyball game.

The happy hour is decent.  $3 Vodka & Cranberry.  $3 garlic mushrooms.  I wouldn't pay more than that for either item.

I tried the $1.99 veggies with medium buffalo sauce and blue cheese.  Of course the veggie and blue cheese were fine but I didn't care for the medium flavored buffalo sauce.

I also had the soft pretzels with queso and garlic parm sauce.  The pretzels are small and hard and have no flavor.  The queso is icky and so is the garlic parm sauce.

I like that kid drinks are free but my kids didn't care for the wings, boneless wings or small burger.

They do like the dessert pizza but it is $7!!!  Plus they had no cheesecake bites the second time we had it.

The service once was fine and the second time was horrible and slow.  Also the TV's are so loud it hurts my ears.
I don't normally do this, but I finally stopped being sick after eating here last night. 

I'd like to preface this by saying this is not a service review. The service was not the problem, although if she would have told me the Blue Moon was almost 7 dollars, I would have bought a six-pack of it on my way home instead. $5 would have been reasonable.

The real problem what what I ate. We ordered the soft pretzels and cheese as an appetizer - they were fine. As a Canadian, when I saw they added a special - Poutine - I had a nostalgia moment and ordered it. It was a long way from the delicious, savory poutine from my homeland. For those of you who have never eaten poutine, it would fit right in with southern style cooking. Take french fries, add creamy cheese curds (or if you're not sure where to buy those, chopped up braided mozzarella works well too), top with fresh, steamy brown gravy. The gravy and heat from the fries melts the cheese into a melty mountain of yum.

This was not what I experienced. First of all, the cheese curds were breaded and deep fried (another special appetizer they had). Instead of the poutine effect of creamy, melty, cheesy goodness, it was more like soggy clumps. I made due, it's been a while since I've had poutine. I asked for no pico de gailo, because I had no idea why it was included in their poutine. I didn't get any as part of the order, so once again, i praise the server for taking a proper order. There was enough gravy, but there was just something...off about it. It was very subtle, but there was a peculiar sourness to it that was enough for me to catch on my palette, but not enough for me to expect anything was wrong other than an odd recipe for one of my all-time favorite meals. 

The abdominal pain started at 2 am, about 4 hours after consuming the meal. I'm a tall guy so things take their time digesting...usually. I was not prepared for the razor like purge that followed. Without sharing too many details of the horror stories that went on in that room, I will say that finally, at 12 pm today, I stopped feeling sick.

Now I don't know if it was the cheese curds or the gravy (leaning towards the gravy), but I feel like there were some definite corners cut in the kitchen. If you're going to be serving food to people, what's coming out of the kitchen is a reflection on both the chef staff and the management. You need to have standards. Taste your food. Keep it consistent. 

This is the only location that I've ever had such an experience. I hope this criticism serves as constructive, to prevent others from getting sick from the food. Please be conscious of the freshness of ingredients!
B-dubs won my heart with their selection of wing sauces and plentiful carrots and celery.  Things I appreciate about a chicken wing: plenty of meat on the bone (yes, the bone. Chickens have bones), the opportunity for more than one flavor, and flavorful sauces that won't burn my face off.  

My favorite sauce is honey bbq, which is pretty classic.  Asian Zing is very tasty, but it has a little bit of a kick.  And parmesan garlic is actually too strong a flavor!  There are a few others I would like to try, but I won't be venturing farther down the thermometer than Asian Zing.  You can split flavors into increments of 5, so sharing is great if you want to try a few sauces.

I've been in a couple of times to watch games or fights, and the atmosphere is great for that.  Good food that will keep on comin', there's usually a drink special of some kind, and TVs all around for easy viewing.  Keep in mind, if it's a major event making for a busy night, your whole party will need to be present before you will be seated.
Service is SLOW, I waited 27 mins just to place my order. 

My wings were pretty good but they are over over priced to say the least, for what 5 SMALL wings cost here I could pay a few more dollars and get a dozen somewhere else. 

Food     = 3 stars 
Service = 2 stars 
Value    = 2 stars
Personnel is very friendly, lots of movement during game days, loads of tvs to watch your preferred game...
We came here after the Lion King on a Saturday night at 11 pm. First time. Anyhow, at 11pm there was a huge crowd with lots of TVs surrounding the whole place. Every imaginable game on TV. 

It took awhile for our waitress to come to our table because they were so busy but once she came the service was really good. Taking our drink & dinner order. I was thinking about a burger and then realized where I'm at. It's Wild Wings so what are they known for wings. So many selections for the wings sauce. I ordered the boneless wings with Honey BBQ and Chipotle BBQ wet with Ranch. Really good. Crispy and not over cooked with a nice sauce. My daughter got wings with Honey BBQ and Asian Zing.  I tried the Asian Zing and really loved them. Really good sauce. Not to hot but good. 

My wife ordered the Asian Zing salad and we both warned her that it's a little spicy. She ate a little bite and enjoyed it but then it got too spicy for her. We asked the waitress and told her that it was too spicy for her and asked if she a get a chicken salad instead. No issues. The waitress replaced it for no charge. Very cool. The chicken salad was pretty good and not spicy at all. 

People were coming in and out the whole time we were there and still coming in after midnight. Very popular place. I enjoyed the meal. Lots of energy in the place.
Great place to eat and have wings - no surprise! Right next to the ASU campus so many tailgaters nearby for the games...plan ahead to come here if you ever go on game day. Also, ask for their happy hour specials.
Classic delicious wings. Beer specials for happy hour. Friendly bartenders/waiters that sing to you and their coworkers, and FOOTBALL/any other sport you could imagine on their numerous big screens around the bar. I hope you have a ride home after your awesome sports outing, because you should stay a while!
There is two things I love in life, beer and sports (but don't tell my wife that LOL). Buffalo Wild Wings or as my grandkids call it "B-Dubs" is a perfect combo of what matters most to me (again don't tell my family). I went in there with some old college buds to watch some football and get some beers and I was impressed. It was football sunday so it was busy as expected but the service was great and the food and beer was what I needed after a hard week or work (just kidding i'm retired) but still great place!
I Can't go wrong with Bww for some reason. There food isn't the greatest but I do enjoy the wings. I go with the mango habanero always. Its just the right amount of heat for me. My girl can't.take one bite but she tries.
B dubs definitely one of my favorite sporting bars in Tempe. Has some very nice selection of chicken wings boneless chicken wings and chicken sandwiches!
If you want a sports bar and Chicken Wings, this is your place  Service is terrific.  One can get Chicken Wings prepared any way and whatever size they want.  Not healthy, but yummy.
cant say too much about the food here, its the same at every BWW, but the service was great, came here on a sunday afternoon with a buddy of mine for some wings of course. Auriunna was excellent, attentive and fast.
The food is consistent at all of the BWW and it is good. The wings aren't cheap but the flavor is great and I like that you can split up the sauce flavor if you are sharing- one of our faves is honey BBQ. I gave this one 3 stars because of their service- it is SLOW. We went yesterday and it took about 30 minutes to get our food and then they brought out our appys with our dinner. When the "captain" came by to check on us we told him about this, he shrugged his shoulders. That was it.  They were out of an ingredient for a featured drink early on a Friday.  Service needs work but they are a really busy location.
Worst place ever. Sat there for 10 minutes with my 3 year old son and no one came to the table. 2 groups of people got helped who walked in after us. So worst service ever. Need to work on greeting people. The place wasn't even busy. I give this place a zero
Count your wings!  Ordered 40 wings and received 35 plus one scary boneless wing.  All this after waiting too long and being served tepid wings.  Asked for 6 medium wings to  cover the ones we did not receive and the odd one.  Received 5 sweet bbq wings.  I give up...you should too!
The service is very very slow. The server is on her first rotation by herself with a group of 17, WTF. The food was cold, no other server or manager came to help her out. I finally had to complain after 1 1/2 hours to the manager. I will never go here again.
Chadd gave us all star service. If it were not for him this would be 2 or 3 stars because the quality of the chicken has declined at this BWW, if not all locations. But Chadd stepped up. Had everything we wanted right as we wanted it. All star service like this will keep me coming back even though the drumette wings looked like the leftovers of a chicken carcass. Tasted great though.
Five stars for one outstanding service, Kailee was an awesome server. She was a delight! I can't really stand BWW's food, but her service made the entire experience. If the managers are reading this they need to reward her!
Its always a good place to watch sports because they have so mant tvs everywhere.

On thursday nights they have 60 cent boneless wing night which is a huge steal. 

Personally id come here over wingstop just because the experience is better for an avid sports fan
Here for Game 1 of World Cup. place was crowded wall to wall. We ordered some appetizers, a burger and a huge order of numerous types of wings. And beer, did I say that? Yes, lots of beer, cheap and huge glasses of beer. Attractive young peppy staff that were keeping up as best they can during a surge time. They were doing a heck of a lot better than the Hooters girls were at the last championship boxing fight, to that I can attest. Mainly young guys in here (hear that, single girls?). Energy is good, you can play trivia, watch the game or hang out. No problem with rowdy friends, its a buzzing place. We got every flavor wing from Blazing hot (pretty dang hot but doable, to hot, to Mango Habanero (very good). Asian zing for the wimps (tastes like Panda Chicken, we all voted). And beer, did I say that? Everything good, great time again. Will be back
Food is good- I love their wings and they were out fast and hot. BUT their service is awful... And has been every time we've been here. It takes forever for someone to come check on you, drinks take forever, and just overall lagging. 
I know they're busy- it's MNF, and I love the place, so I hope for better experiences in the future.
Over-priced food, always quite loud and crowded, and always filled with scantily clad college floozies. 

The nickname "B-Dubs" Is the most annoying thing ever, too. I hate that nickname.

DISCLAIMER: I don't really enjoy loud and crowded restaurants or sports bars in general, so I'm totally and utterly biased. If you're like me at all, you won't enjoy it.

If you are NOT like me, you will probably enjoy it as much as my friends seem to.

If you love meat, alcohol, sports and the possibility of seeing lots of college floozies, you will absolutely LOVE it. I'm serious. You really will. I hope you have fun!

-I'm on a super tight budget, so the wings are too pricey for me. BUT, they do have a huge variety of flavors, so if you can afford it and like wings, I definitely recommend trying them. You WILL find a flavor you like. 
-For 6 or 7 dollars, you only get a couple of mozzarella sticks, which is disappointing, and although they are not the best, they are good.
-At 2 or 3 dollars, the cheapest thing on the menu is the veggie tray, which has a generous amount of freshly cut carrot sticks and celery, which I thoroughly enjoyed.

There are hundreds of huge TVs so scanning the room, you're bound to find something to watch. I actually had a passable time there when the Olympics were on.

The waitresses have always been friendly and helpful. 

I am a quiet, college age person with no interest in sports or loud, crowded restaurants and I would never, ever, ever, ever come here on my own volition. 

BUT... my friends seem to like that sort of thing and if you do, too, you'll probably like Buffalo Wild Wings.
Went to this specific location to watch a world cup game (US vs Portugal).  Though we (group of 7) managed to get a seat inside during the hot summer day - the service wasn't very impressive.  We had to hand-hold and request the server for everything we needed - whether it be a glass of water, utensils, napkins, some form of plate, etc.  Out of frustration, we ended up requesting other servers to help us out but even then the service was close to poor.  

Though our meals were done correctly, it took a very long time by the server to actually get the food out to us.  It seemed like server needed to be reminded that we actually ordered food.

Not the greatest experience during game day.  I understand it can get busy and hectic, but that's not an excuse for service to fall behind either.  Overall, an okay experience.
I had lunch at the bar yesterday. The male bartender was very friendly and provided very fast service. I had the Buffalito/Salad combo. The bartender didnt seem annoyed that I only wanted an Ice Tea to drink which was cool. I am not local, so I probably will not be back. But if you are in town and in-need of a quick lunch, def stop in! 

They have my fav beer on tap! 312 Goose Island. Try that if you have never had one before :)
Walked over to Buffalo Wild Wings due to the craziness of trying to get to Mill on the 4th and was super disappointed!! We sat down and there was only a couple other tables and quickly ordered a beer; however we never got it! Our server never came back to give us our beers even though they were sitting there for about 8 minutes to get picked up. After watching him walk over to them multiple times and him not bring us our drinks, we had to leave. Super disappointed!
So absolutely thrilled to have a Harold's in Madison! The one here is just as good as the ones in Chicago. Best fried chicken, chicken wings (mild sauce of course) anywhere in Wisconsin as far as I'm concern... Make sure you get a grape pop with your 6 pc wing order.
Such a Gem!  Located in the Woodman's West parking lot. I am so elated to have such great fried chicken in Madison.  I had the 2 piece white chicken with fries and coleslaw for 6.99 and my husband had 6 wings (the whole wing, not just the drummies), fries, and coleslaw for I believe 6.99 too!  Hot sauce on both.  We took our meals home (about 15 minutes away) and the chicken was still crispy.

My only complaint is very small, the portion of coleslaw you get with the meal is very small (maybe 2 tablespoons), so order an extra side for $1.00, its worth it!

I was surprised by the decor and cleanliness.  Everything was spotless and I enjoyed the aluminum on the walls.  Service was also wonderful: kind, helpful, and warm.

We will definitely be going back!  It will make shopping at Woodman's enjoyable.
The food here is great and the prices are reasonable. I ordered the 1/2 white meat chicken dinner. The chicken consisted of two sizeable breast cuts of chicken, well-seasoned and bathed in just the right amount of sauce, and two wings, which were smaller but nonetheless delicious. 

I dock it stars for what I consider horrible service. After ordering I sat around the restaurant, waiting for my chicken to be prepared. While I waited, a large gentleman with a case of bootleg DVDs waited in the front of the store for the entire time while I was there. I never saw him order and he never received any food. I have no idea what he was doing there.

After about five minutes of waiting I asked for a glass of water, The attendant behind the counter got me a class, but acted as if I had offended him by asking. Later when he removed an order from the back I asked him if it was my order and he said "No fool. This is mine." I am not making this up.

A few moments later he walked out from the back with his order and tells me that I am spilling my water. I looked below me and did not see any spilled water. I checked by the fountain to see if I had spilled there. I hadn't. I checked the shelf behind me and found that indeed there was no spilled water. I don't know what the attendant was talking about, though I did get the strong impression that he was trying to intimidate me.

Finally, the wait for the chicken should have been 10 minutes. Mine was 20, and it wasn't really that busy. I was in a hurry and this made me late.

So yeah, there's some real solid food here, but I hope you don't have to wait around for it while the staff tries to intimidate you.
I don't know about the staff being intimidating... they seemed great to me. As for the wait, they do make it up fresh so 10-20 minutes is the norm. Call ahead and they'll have it ready for you. The chicken is tasty, but sadly the fries are just frozen fries and nothing special, I wouldn't recommend ordering them as a side. They do have an HDTV that was tuned to ESPN while I was there so it made the wait not too bad. 

It does have the authentic sketchiness of a chicago chicken joint. There was the strange man there selling bootleg CD's (and who knows what else). There was also a guy selling what are likely "midnight runs" (basically the chinese/other asian factories make extra of whatever they are contracted to make and sell them on the black market) of nike shoes.
i had a high expectation for this place, but yet i was let down. i placed an order over the phone, ordered the 6 piece chicken. ended up being around $10. and once you'll sit down and open up that box, you'll be in a world of shock! they got wings so small that you're mother wouldn't believe her eyes! the cashier (she's the owner, i'm predicting.) i couldn't believe she hid her baby under the register! my lady and I was trying to enjoy our chicken, then all the sudden. we heard a baby crying! upon observation, it was coming from under the register...yes, believe it. a chicken shack turned into daycare service. and the funny part, as we're eating. the chef walks out and calls me a fool( i'm sure he calls everyone a fool, whoever he sees) like get with the program, if you're representing an establishment you gotta be professional! and not insult a customer. the verdict, sad to say. i've experience better chicken, popeyes is still the best.
I've never been to any of the other locations of this chain, so I have no idea if this place lives up to the authenticity of the Chicago locations.  Who really cares, though?  The chicken is, hands down, the best fried chicken I have had in Madison.  I am tempted to take my food to KFC and eat it there, just so all their patrons can see what they're missing out on.

Why only 4 stars?  A number of reasons.  First, the sides I have tried are subpar.  The coleslaw is bland, but they literally give you a cup containing two bites of it so that's fine.  The plain white bread is a pointless add-on which exists solely to remind you how inexpensive your food was.  The fries are almost totally flavorless; this is the first time I can recall wishing my fries had MORE salt.  There is a slight potato flavor and nothing else.  

The bootleg-DVD guy referenced by other reviewers is indeed present on occasion.  He's a little disconcerting, but I guess he adds character.  Or something.

If by chance you stray away from the chicken-oriented sections of the menu, you probably won't be disappointed.  The three-piece perch was good, but since I'm used to shoveling down the 4-piece chicken, it was on the small side.  The cardinal rule for the menu appears to be: if it was fried fresh for your order, it will be delicious.

I hope these guys stay in business!
Fantastic chicken--like homemade when you are too lazy to make it or are sick of the chemical taste of KFC.

The service was prompt and courteous--anyone who doesn't expect to wait a bit for fresh fried chicken doesn't know how to make it--totally worth it.
The catfish was perfect--will be back for more!

So happy to finally have a good chicken place in Madison--not like Popeyes where you need paramedics on standby.
Well, it nice to have a different place to get fired chicken from other than the major chains.  The wait is acceptable if you call in first, say on your way home from work or Woodman's.The Chicken is fine.  Fries are fine.  Side of slaw is a joke (1 T maybe) and whats with the slice of wonder type bread?  Really?  The wife of the owner is normally there with her baby.  She is always pleasant.  I don't know what her better half does other than sit in a booth on his cell phone (every time I go in).  I will go again as it is an interesting experience.  The customer are always a treat to see as well.
Like everyone else said, it is really good fried chicken.  For like 8 bux you get 2 big breast pieces and 2 full wings bread and fries and a dash of coleslaw.  The bag weighs a couple pounds when you get it.  

Yes you have to wait, only because it is made fresh.  The store needs a sign though and yes, it looks like a daycare, there was a baby behind the counter but its part of the experience I guess.  

It looks like they have pretty good specials throughout the week though.
This is the single best fried chicken on the planet. The only thing missing is the bulletproof glass.
Less than expected.  Chicken was crispy on the outside and moist inside, but bland tasting.  I ordered their sauce, but ended up with only ketchup.  Fries were soggy, oily, and horrible.  It took a good 35 min for my food.  Overall, very underwhelming.
We ordered to go.  
I really wanted to like this place as we are looking for a good chicken stop but we have mixed feelings.   The prices are right but they fry their chicken differently than what we are familiar with and rather dark,  seemed like it was over fried.   Still, the Chicken was moist and had good flavor.  The coleslaw too was quite good.  
We ordered hot sauce and mild sauce and got all hot sauce unless their mild sauce is still quite spicy.  I couldn't tell the difference.
We don't like wonder bread as a side.
I do like a place where I can get fried chicken livers.  So that is nice.   They have a number of fish selections that I might try some time.  But no mashed potatoes-bummer.
I think some people will like it and some people won't.  Thankfully, their chicken doesn't have that weird Kentucky Fried Chicken aftertaste.
I was hoping someone would come out from the back and call me a fool but sadly that didn't happen.
Absolutely the best chicken in Madison. The prices are great and everything is fresh unlike KFC (is that even chicken) and Popeyes. Order ahead of time so you do not have to wait. Sides are decent but it is the chicken that will keep me coming back.
I was happy to find that this place doesn't stray much from the great Chicago tradition of Harold's Chicken. Want a fountain drink? You get a styrofoam coffee cup. Need napkins? Here's a roll of toilet paper. Bread? We've got Wonder Bread. It all sounds lousy but it is part of Harold's charm and I wouldn't have it any other way. So quit bitching about Bootleg DVD guy. Buy a damn movie or let the man run his business.

There's not much to say about the food that hasn't already been said. The fried chicken is fresh, juicy, and perfectly seasoned. Coleslaw is also some of the best around but be sure to get a larger order, since the standard side that comes with your chicken is about the size of a ketchup cup. Personally I like the wonder bread: wrap a piece around some chicken and dip it in the hot sauce - it really cuts through the spiciness and makes for a delicious chicken sandwich.

Yeah, the service is inconsistent but I've never had a problem there just dropping in, getting my chicken order and leaving. They've gotten all my large orders right. But then again I've never dined in, done anything to warrant getting called a fool, or tried some stupidity like trying to order right when the store opens or closes.
I know its a chicken shack.  I knew what to expect.  But really? A couple was before us in line that had already ordered.  We stood there for 5-10 minutes with not so much as an "I'll be right with you" or "It will be 15 minutes."  If they had tried to communicate or even take our order and take a long time, I wouldn't be writing this.  After we walked out, "bootleg DVD guy," as he so eloquently seems to be known, came outside after us and asked if we wanted to order anything.  Nah, I'm good.  I won't hold my breath for Madison to get a decent chicken joint.  

A week or so before this, we tried to place a to go order on the phone.  No answer after a few calls.  We decided to just go there.  It was closed during normal business hours with no sign or phone message.  Fool me once...
I don't know what these other people are talking about but we absolutely LOVE Harold's chicken it's by far easy better then any fast food or other restaurant in the area the chicken is juicy and flavorful as well as the catfish we eat takeout from here at least once a week! Yes the restaurant may not be the most upbeat professional place but get over it if u want good fried chicken and fish ull go to Harold's chicken! Will never eat KFC again!
I tried going here at 7:30 on a Sunday.  The open sign was on and the hours posted said they were open until 9.  Too bad they were closed when I got there.
I really enjoyed Joyce G's review.  It got me out of bed, off my can, and without Pre-ordering, went there to experience the place.  I can not recall a more honest, down-to-earth place to get freshly prepared, excellent chicken.  If you expect fast-food speeds, go get your hormone-infused chicken at a national chain.

The people here are excellent!  Not a chain!  If you don't have 15 minutes to wait for excellent chicken, please call in your order in advance.  I am willing to invest in this establishment...based upon the quality of the food & the atmosphere.

The customers that came in while I waited for my order were acknowledged, and welcomed.  The staff actually cared about their customers, and the quality of the meal.  I opted to skip the wings included with my order, and they actually reduced my total bill to reflect this change.

Nowhere, will you find better chicken and staff honesty than at Harold's!

Please realize that this is a small, owner-operated establishment that will give you exactly what you desire...if you can give them a bit of time to prepare your meal, only after you place your order.  Anybody that has been raised on chain-food, will be excused for their impatience...at their loss.

PLEASE...call in your order...and enjoy a great chicken meal...in the store or to take-out.

Rick Scollon
First visit to Harold's.  The posted sign says 20 minutes, I think it was longer.  My 1/2 Mix Chicken was very good even though it was somewhat over cooked.  Maybe the fryer temp was too high because the white meat pieces were tasty and the dark meat pieces were delicious.  The breast was full size not bisected like the white suit guy places.  The sauce was very good, too.  
Next time I'll try the catfish as well as getting more chicken and a bottle of sauce.  I'll also phone my order in so it'll be closer to ready.
Harold's is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get...

A week earlier, Harold's flakey operating hours foiled a lunch date between Miss Joyce and I.  The sign on the door indicates Harold's opens at 11 AM, but at 11:40AM, the door was locked and the lights were off.  Just Harold's being Harold's, according to Miss Joyce.

Fast forward five days:  I'm making a Woodman's grocery run and see the lights on and customers filing through Harold's door.  Throwing caution to the wind, I dashed through the front door and thus began my maiden Harold's experience.

The employee working the front counter greeted me and handed me a menu.  It didn't take much time for me to decide on the  1/2 chicken dinner special (2 thighs, 2 legs, 2 slices of white bread, cole slaw and fries for $6.99) with the hot sauce on the side.  Because everything is made to order, I was told my food would be ready in 15 to 20 minutes.  No problem, I sauntered over to Woodman's and grabbed the handful of items on my shopping list. I returned 20 minutes later, grabbed a seat and after my lunch was delivered to my booth.

SWEET
BABY
JESUS!

When I looked down upon my newfound bounty, I realized I just entered fried chicken heaven.

The sides of the flimsy cardboard serving tray were bulging from the sheer mass of my order. No anorexic birds served at this chicken shack.   My first attempt to tackle one of the drumsticks results in burned digits - confirming that this chicken was fresh from the fryer.  No heat lamps...check.  

Pro tip: the white bread served with the dinner order has amazing insulating properties - use it to protect yourself when making a move on the first piece of chicken.

The exterior boasted a crispy exterior shell that gave way with a loud crunch on every bite.  I learned that Harold's still uses  1/2 beef tallow /  1/2 vegetable oil in its fryers.  The seasoning was spot on as well.

The interior was the juiciest chicken I've ever had.  My server left a dozen napkins on the table for good reason - I had juice running down my hands and dripping down my chin.  

Pro tip 2: Do not go to Harold's on a first date or before a job interview.

I absolutely loved the tangy cole slaw.  It had the right balance of sweet and sour elements and had a wonderful crunch.  The only negative is the thimble-esque serving size.  More cole slaw please!

The fries were the weakest link of the meal - a little soggy but well seasoned.

Unlike the colorful encounters experienced by my fellow Yelpers, my visit was uneventful.  Nobody called me fool and the bootleg DVD guy was nowhere to be found.  The server came by and cleared my table.  On the way out, she politely reminded me that I could order ahead next time if I didn't want to wait the 20 minutes.  However, I was only paying partial attention.  In my mind, I was already planning my return trip next Monday when the  1/2 chicken (dark meat) dinner is only $4.99.
Not too bad!   Just plan on waiting for the food....not in a bad way.   They make the dinner to order so everything was fresh, hot and tasty.   I will visit again when I am hungry for some great fried chicken.   My only complaint was that they only had soda in a plastic bottle.   No refills and poor choices.   The service was above average and decently friendly.
I had heard good things about Harold's Chicken, and I was itching for some righteous fried chicken on this particular day. I stopped in around 2:00pm, lunch time for many people. 

There were three guys sitting in back, perhaps eating lunch themselves. One man approached me and asked if he could help me, and I attempted to order some food.

He said to me, "I can't do it, I have a meeting. I'm trying to open another restaurant." Wow, what a joke. Why oh why would you open another restaurant if you can't serve food at lunch time, with three guys sitting around? Isn't selling food the general idea of a restaurant? Furthermore, why is your open sign lit and your door open if you're about to leave and not serve anyone?

I would review the food as well, but seeing as how I didn't receive any, this review will do until I'm proven otherwise. 

Maybe I'll try Harold's again, if I'm in the mood for wasting some more time out of my day.
I was over at my girlfriends the other night and she had some. All I can say is wow! The cheese and the sauce were great. The crust was fluffy with a slight crispiness around it. I don't know how much it cost but I will be going back there!
Pizza is ok but the hot wings were good and the best part.
Decided to order from this place on a whim...glad that I did. 
The pizza was awesome and so were the fried mushrooms. I heard the wings are pretty good too so I'm sure that will be next on the list to try.
The only downfall and the reasons they don't get 5 stars...when I called in my order a girl who answered said she was the ONLY one working so she had 2 orders in front of mine that she also had to deliver and they lived really far away so she quoted me a time of an hour to an hour and a half wait for my food. She eventually got there about an hour or so after I had ordered me food. But, hey, she warned me so it's not like I didn't expect it!
Their pizza and wings suck. The pizza is way Greecey & thin crustwhich isn't crispy but soggy.  The wings are soggy not to mention only a couple of flavors. The order taker sucked had to repeat myself.  Took over 40min for orderto arrive.
Wings are great from Palanos on tbird must try Chipotle raspberry bbq, however didn't like their pizza either.
The pizza is chewy and thick.. the toppings fresh and tasty.. the beer is ice cold and they have a few on tap from SanTan Brewery.. what better place to hang out after a shopping trip to Target?! 

Short, sweet and to the point! Hows that for a Yelp review?
Sometimes I just want a slice (or two!) of pizza.  Nothing fancy.  Nothing wood-fired or artisan.  No three hour wait.  No ingredients I can't pronounce.  Just pizza.  Pizza with puffy crust, red sauce and gooey cheese.  That's it.

That said, I was looking forward to the opening of this Barro's location, as it is within lunchtime range of my office.  Thanks to Alexander C's review, I knew that the 'Coming Soon' sign finally changed to 'Now Open'.  Yay!  

To be sure this new location was just as good as the other Barro's that I have grown to love, I had to try out a couple of pepperoni slices.  After all, quality control is important, right?  I am happy to say the 'za was warm, soft and cheesy - just what I wanted.
Have you noticed that a few years ago, when you wanted a thin-crust pizza they were nowhere to be found, but now thin crust is everywhere so you have to hunt for the thick crust?  Well, if you want a traditional thick-crust, Barro's is a good place to get it.  We've been there twice and the pizza is just as we remembered it from before all the artisanal pizzas showed up.  The sausage is great.  So is the crust.  You can't go wrong with a pepperoni.

Unfortunately, our tastes have broadened a bit over the years, so now I look at the toppings list and wonder, where is the artichoke?  the gorgonzola?  the carmelized onions? the walnuts? the arugula? the melon? the capers? the coconut? the mandarin oranges?  

Barro's is a great place to go after the movie, for nostalgia, but with Crust, Cove Trattoria, and Humble Pie all in the neighborhood, and not really caring whether my crust is thick or thin, it won't usually be my first choice.
So glad to finally have a Barro's in this part of town.  Love their slice deals at lunch, what a steal.  Delivery is timely and friendly as well.  This location is probably the most attractive I've seen.
They have solid food specials; we got an extra large pizza and 24 wings for $20. The food is great too!
The only problem I had there was that one of the wings (we ordered boneless) was raw. I don't mean undercooked, I mean crunchy raw. I know that this is probably just a one-off, but I can't overlook it; not with chicken. 
Hopefully next time I go back they'll earn  a higher rating. Ultimately though, I would definitely recommend this place for pizza!
You have to order at the counter, you're given a little pole with a number on it to take to your table. 

We ordered:
Medium pepperoni pizza
Child's chick strips
Small salad
6 hot wings

The pizza was just "ok". Salad was fine. Childs chicken strips was 6 tiny, heavily breaded chunks of chicken smaller that McDonald's chicken nuggets. And didn't come with fries..only a small bag of plain potato chips. LAME

The hot wings were anything but hot. Slimy, yes. Hot, no. The salad was fine. 

All in all, we won't be back.
Great pizza & delicious wings!  Customer service was stellar!
decent spagehetti
decent pizza

wrong address
Excellent go to type of place to grab an average slice of pizza, wings, beer, etc. I've dined here for lunch and dinner numerous times. The staff have always been friendly, the food has been average but very consistent, and even when it's really busy the service is generally quick.
First visit was dinner.  I loved the chewy crust and there was just the right amount of char on the toppings.  Sauce was a little sweet for me, but still a great pizza.

Second visit was at lunch.  The gal working the counter was super efficient, and I appreciated there was no wait, but the slices weren't hot, just barely warm.  A slice with a drink was only $2.50 though so hard to complain about that!
Great family place and price
This place is awesome, been coming here for years. I went to the 7th street location up until now. Can't lose on the lunch special.
The pizza is really good. The crust is very thick, so if you're a thin crust lover this wont be the place for you.

Their hot wings are divine!
Thought the pizza here was OK. I was hungry at the time and it was a work sponsored function, which helps. 

I had a slice of cheese, pepperoni and a meats option. The sauce was fine, the crust was pretty good, everything about the experience was just decent. It's a big place, so it's good for groups or an event. We were there right before a spring training game, and it was a convenient location to where we ended up. 

Service was good, very attentive. Our waitress was always coming along, making sure drinks were filled, etc. No small feat for someone handling 30+ people. 

One note: Their wings were actually really good. I tried a honey BBQ and a buffalo wing and was impressed. Those alone made up for the so-so pizza.
The pizza was hot even though it was sitting on the back counter in a case.
Service was OK
Best lunch deals in the area! Amanda is an extremely hard worker and she remembers the orders of the regulars! :) Barros always made Fridays better!
This is great if you are in a hurry, they have slices and salads ready to go. Above average quality and a nice open space too. Perfect stop before or after catching a movie next door.
Good pizza. Good service. Perfect with kids! Love the little play area!
Pizza is great here.  Always run into someone we know - glad to finally have a dinner place at Pavilions.  Prices are reasonable, and staff is mostly friendly.  Definitely a place that we frequent now.
I work down the street and sometimes go there for their lunch deals. The best pizza for lunch always hot and fresh and the price for 3 slices and a drink is not bad. The problem I have is when you go there on your lunch if there is ever a table open you practically have to clean it yourself. I see dirty dishes everywhere and customers bussing their own tables. It's really not that hard to have your crew go through the restaurant every 10-15 mins and clean the tables. I don't like sitting at  a table with left over pizza crumbs and cheese all over the place. The fact maybe you don't have enough staff at lunch I don't know but every time I have gone in there it's the same thing. I hope the Barro's management sees this because i really like the food but hate to have to clean my own table just to sit down.
There are several different places within the Scottsdale Pavilions we frequent. Whenever we leave, we always say, "We should check out Barro's Pizza before we  go." Somehow, we never follow through.

Well, as fate would have it, my daughter and I ended up at the Pavilions on Black Friday, and we weren't going to pass on the opportunity this time.

As we approached the place, we were quite hopeful. The outdoor seating area was really nice http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/barros-pizza-scottsdale-2?select=8W27QfIPdP2p0wU6aN1N0Q#HrZNO76vToSoefR45IvLxg. There were four separate tables, completely shaded by a permanent awning. Even during the grueling summer months, this place would still make for a nice place to enjoy a beer and a slice.

Upon walking in, we were shocked at how empty the place was! I mean, it was lunch time on Black Friday...and my daughter doubled the clientele when we walked through the door. Not to mention the fact that the restaurant was quite nice. 

The left side of the dining area appears to be the party section. There are several tables intermingled with banks of booth seating, all surrounded by multiple televisions. When we were there, each television was tuned in to a different sports channel, making it seem to be a fairly decent place to catch a game.

For a more intimate setting, there's a section of secluded booths. The backs of each booth are exceptionally high, making for a nice shelter from the inevitable cheering emanating from the aforementioned "party section" of the dining room. There were only a few of these seats available, so plan accordingly if you want to bring a date.

The far right portion of the dining area is devoted to families with kids. There are a few arcade games to entertain the older kids. There is one television, typically airing some sort of children's programming (Nickelodeon, in our case). There is also a "make-believe" section, where your children can play with Legos, or play make-believe while you drink away the sounds of other people's kids screaming http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/barros-pizza-scottsdale-2?select=8W27QfIPdP2p0wU6aN1N0Q#kihDQjTywZ_YpLshpBCoJQ.

They have several different specials from which to choose that are very cost effective. In our case, we ordered a two slice combo for right around $5.00. The pizza itself was underwhelming. It was very obvious that the pizza had been sitting under the food warmer for quite some time. It was edible, but barely. That's not to say that all of their pizzas are bad. We noticed a pizza that was coming fresh out of the oven, and it looked amazing. I'm sure that if you order your own pizza instead of picking one off of the warmer, you'll fare better than we did.

I won't say that we're in a huge hurry to go back. But, I'll also say that I haven't completely written this place off. Given the different variables that led to our lackluster experience, I think that it would only be fair to give it another go one day. After all, if you mix in some of their fantastic beer prices, you probably won't taste the food anyway.

Quick side note about Barro's. The dining room closes 30 minutes early every night. So, if you're planning on coming in right before close, you'll end up leaving hungry, sober, and most likely angry. Consider this your warning about the dining room http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/barros-pizza-scottsdale-2?select=8W27QfIPdP2p0wU6aN1N0Q#-PmxLOfucVkI_LwIbNT4bA.
Good location, lots of parking and lots of space.  Even a little play area for the kiddos.  

I much prefer eating in because there is nothing better than a cheese pizza fresh out of the oven.  WOW.  Having to wait to eat it at home any pizza will lose that oven fresh perfection.

The wings are great and the pizza is pretty darn good, too.  They go a little heavy on the pizza sauce for my taste, but I will just remember to ask for light sauce next time.

The place is always busy on the weekends.  And expect to run into teams celebrating a win or licking their wounds for a loss.  But it is still a great atmosphere. And one I am hesitant to take my kid into.
The pizza is the best in town, but the service at this location is spotty at best.  That is why we usually take the pizza home.  They are also very reasonably priced.
Barro's is hands down my favorite - the best pizza I've had since moving to AZ a few years ago. 
We usually go to the Tempe Barro's out of habit since it's right down the street from where we used to live but a few weeks ago decided to try this location. 
The atmosphere here is way better! Not to knock the Tempe Barro's but this one just seems more relaxed, cleaner and much newer. The bartender/ counter guy who took our order was funny, friendly and seemed to enjoy his job a lot. 
The pizza was perfect and service was fast.  We'll definitely be back to this location.
Pizza was bland, as well as the chicken salad. The most disappointing part of the night zwas the kids who were running around the restaurant.  I was there with my kids and if staff allows kids to climb on the tables and act like morons, I guess they should change the name from Barro's to Chuckie Cheese.  I won't be back to this dump!  Be warned, go elsewhere.
Pasta looked like it had a bit too much cheese.
Pizza was okay.
Even the service wasn't good. 
Pineapple pizza didn't have pineapples in the first place. They had to top it & bake again.
Good pizza for the price! Very cheese and the sauce is yummy too! Order at the counter then wait for the pizza to arrive, very gags and easy! Great place to eat before a movie at ultra star.
Terrible customer service. Just awful! Expected way better from this place. Never coming back!!
We are regulars here.  Love the convenience of having a Barro's near us!  Great pitcher deals and we love the wings.
Well I went back for a second time because the food was great. My girl friend and I love the cheese bread and pizza.  And believe it or not they have some of the best ranch. No I'm not a picky person but I do appreciate good ranch, not that hidden valley stuff. So they have good food and great ranch. 

But that's it.

My complaint is not with the staff, they are relatively friendly, and young. Both of which aren't bad things. They have no guidance. 

Management is terrible!

The place is filthy, always understaffed, and filthy. It was Friday night, the floor hadn't been swept, the tables around us were not bussed, and the soda area was disgusting. I would say 10 tables didn't have anybody sitting at them when we walked in, and 8 of them were dirty. I had to wipe my own table because I didn't want to next to the kid section. 

Management here's some advise. Always over schedule, and make cuts. Your restaurant is in a great location. And it is Friday night. If your place was cleaner than your business would thrive. You might get regulars. 

If I was you I would hire four teenage boys to just bus tables and sweep floors. Nothing else. 

That or actually ride your staff and push them harder. I wouldn't allow their armpits on the kitchen window either. 

Stop leaning.
I come to this Barros about twice a month. For the price the pizza is great! My kids love it too because there is a kid area with games and a tv showing kid shows. Is it the best pie in town? No. But it's great for the price and family atmosphere.
Decided to try Barro's after seeing it rated the best pizza on ABC15's poll. Literally the worst pizza I've ever had. Sauce was bad. Crust was bad. Cheese was bad (not even sure how that happens). Plus it was really inconsistent. One half of the pizza would have tons of sauce and the other half would be practically dry. If you're thinking about trying Barro's - DON'T! There are plenty of better pizza places around the valley that are better. Hell, I've had frozen pizza better than this.
Barro's is fast-food pizza.  Step up to the counter, order a slice or two, maybe some wings, and you're good for lunch.  It's cheap, delicious, and fills you up.  The staff are always friendly, and seating has never been a problem.
Amazing pizza and salad! I always have great service regardless of eating in or ordering delivery. I love the spicy southwest pizza! A must!
Great pizza at a good price.  They play 80's music and I love that.  So why not 5 stars?  Two words, cleaning and stocking.  I was at this location twice this week.  Both times it was about 30 minutes after they opened and the glass windows and door to the outside seating area were covered with fingerprints and smears.  The floor needed to be clean both times.  Also, at this location you can bet the farm that the beverage area will be out of at least one or two things.  Most of the time there are no or only a COUPLE of napkins.  (Don't look under the counter in the beverage area because I have NEVER found extra napkins there.)  Straws and lids also tend to not be stocked but at least there are extras under the beverage station.  

The staff is friendly but I agree with the one review that mentions that they need more supervision.

Work harder on keeping the place clean and stocked and offer a veggie slice on more than one day of the week and I will give them 5 stars.
Just had a very horrible experience here with placing a delivery order here. Called in to place my order with an Ashley, she asks for my number which I give her two times to confirm and tell her to have the driver call me so I can come down stairs and open the door due to no doorbell at my location I was at. She tells me no problem I will have the driver call. Remind you I am ordering for 6 hungry men that have had a long day to begin with. So one hour goes by and I call to get an ETA on the order and Ashley tells me the driver had been to my location and he was knocking and calling but I must have been to busy to hear my phone or door knocks. I said that's weird I did not miss a call nor am I to busy right now so she said she will call the driver and have him come right back. I then asked her to make sure for the third time she had the right number and confirmed it again with her. I waited another 15 mins and nothing, so I call back a third time, and get a different employee. I tell her what happened and she places me on hold and puts me on with a manager, he tells me the same thing Ashley told me about the driver knocking and calling multiple times and he should be there any second. 10 mins later the driver shows up with me waiting outside at this point so I don't miss him and as soon as he pulls up I say I'm so sorry I didn't hear you knock, then the driver tells me he NEVER knocked he called the number printed on the ticket, I ask him what number it was, and it was a wrong number they printed. So my problem here is the simple fact two people lied to me and told me the driver knocked on my door, and they were confirming my number which they had the right one which they didn't. I am very upset that I was lied to and will never go here again as I go into the restaurant all the time. You just lost my business as well as the 6 other guys I was ordering for. Word of mouth spreads pretty fast.
My man found this place. for under twenty we can get a small pizza, large enough ceasar salad to share and ten wings! the pizza is good they have fresh oregano in the sauce. I love fresh oregeno. The hot wings are actually hot! Not gormet pizza but way better than any dom. or hut!
Well, this was a pleasant little surprise.  Ordered based on the one Yelp review + after checking out their Facebook fan gruop.  Not sure how I hadn't heard of this spot as it isn't that far from home.  

So, it's a Muslim/halal pizza spot.  For you carnivores out there, this means no pig - their pepperoni, sausage + chorizo are all beef.  For a vegetarian like me, it doesn't have much of an impact, but I've noticed that food tends to be fresher or more organic at halal/kosher spots.  This proved to be the case tonight.

Ordered a large mushroom pie.  30 minutes later, I arrived home and we dived into a fresh, perfectly cooked pie.  It could have used slightly more sauce if I had any criticism, but the mushrooms were very fresh (not those horrible limp things out of a can that you get at so many places), the cheese was lovely and the crust was outstanding. There was a healthy sprinkling of oregano in the center of the pie.  

When I picked up the pie, I noticed that their menu had a lot more than what was listed on the FB page - including TANDOORI sauce (yes, you read that right), gyro meat, a variety of chicken pies, a Mexican pie (chorizo, jalapeno, onion, tomato) and a huge variety of hot wings... if you go for that sort of thing.  Hot wing flavors ranged from the usual to the not-so-usual (curry, tandoori, karahi).  

They had a number of reasonable specials.  12" cheese for $5, 12" pepperoni for $6, 16" cheese or pepperoni for $7.99,  2 slices and a drink for $3.99 , 2 slices and 20 wings for $9.99 - provided you got dine-in or takeout before 8. On M-W-Th from 2-5 and then all day on Tuesday, buy 1 pizza and get a second for $1.  

I'll be coming back.  The guy at the front desk was friendly and explained that the Tandoori sauce was one of their specialties.
Pizza is okay. I little too much garlic (I bit into a whole clove under the cheese). It taste better than little cesar's or domino's, but as far as fresh, baked bistro pizza goes...I've tasted better. 

It's next door to a smoke shop... I think there's a double door adjoining the them. It smells like hookah when you first walk in. The place looks like a poorly remodeled cafe/lounge. Seems like it might be a neat place to hang out (has a pool table and large tv), but there are quite a few guys (friends of the owner? ) hanging around who make it a little awkward.  
 
The cashier/cook was nice, but I question the cleanliness of the kitchen.
Well, I've been a little negligent in not updating my review.  I've been very impressed with the quality of the pies.  We've tried a number of other pizzas since last time - we're getting close to 10 at this point. My wife was very impressed with the Tandoori pizza (which I still need to try without the chicken), while I'd been favoring anything with mushrooms.  But a few weeks back we had a garlic and tomato pie and it was magical.  GREAT use of garlic - a human being had actually chopped up a few cloves of garlic, it wasn't just some garlic powder (which has disappointed me at so many other spots in town, to the point where I usually don't order it).  Best garlic I've ever had on a pizza.  As I type this, we're ordering a garlic and mushroom pie.  I can't wait to take a bite... 

Check this out if you're in the neighborhood, or even if you're not.  It's a mellow spot and the staff there has always been very friendly.
I love the fact how they are open late even if u get there juat before closing they will still take your order... The food is delicious extra chrispy wings amazing...
Nothing special... Seems like pre prepped pizza. Neighborhood is questionable and the interior doesn't help any with guys laying around watching T.V.
Would NOT go here again.... doesn't matter Halal or not... there are better options out there.
We ordered the "hospitalized hot" chicken wings they we're mild at best so we were very disappointed. The pizza was mediocre nothing special and the place was hard to find. It just said PIZZA on the building.
Really good pizza. Not the best in the world, and it can be a little pricey. But it's nice to chill here with friends, have a beer, and go next door to smoke hookah. They also sell pipes and smoking paraphernalia. If you are bored on a sunday night it's a nice place to hang.
PS: *Beware the tweekers that like to haunt around the parking lot at night* But then again, that's all of Phoenix, right?
This place is no longer Cleopatra Bistro it is now Tony's Pizzeria. I'm from Chicago and stumbled into this place by accident  on my vacation. The pizza is AMAZING! it's just like Chicago style pizza from back at home. I was very impressed by the taste. I left a little room for the Italian ice and it was definitely worth it. I recommend this place to people looking for authentic Chicago style pizza or just amazing pizza in general.
Just went to "Tony's". New owners straight from Chicago. Had great pizza and my family enjoyed real saucy wings. Gave us all free samples of the Italian ice. Yummy! Also enjoyed the conversation. These are the nicest guys you will meet! Open late & delivery. They just took it over do they are going to be redoing the interior. Support local business and really good people. Give it a try!
St. Louis Bar and Grill is the neighbourhood place for Chicken Wings and Beer.

I was there with a buddy of mine and we had the Wing Platter and a pint of Grasshopper (an excellent wheat beer from Alberta, it was on draft) and both were excellent.

Service was fast and friendly, and the free Wi-Fi was definitely a plus.  The establishment is close to RIM Park and on this visit there were lots of folks there for a hockey tournament.  Even though it was busy, the staff  were able to deliver great service!
We came in for a quick meal before the Kitchener Rangers game.  It was a fairly busy crowd for a Sunday afternoon.  At the time we arrived, there was 1 bartender and 1 waitress for the entire restaurant.  They were clearly busy.  Staff were friendly and trying their best to be attentive, which I appreciated.  The waitress was quite busy, so the bartender came over to take our order.  We had Buffalo Chicken Wraps.  

Given how busy the restaurant was, I was pleased with how fast we received our order.  The only description I can use to describe our dinner was "bland".  Wraps really had no taste.  

Not a memorable dinner but they do get marks for trying really hard to take care of everyone.  I am sure the kitchen was in the same boat.  Management should probably staff better.  I have been here before and has always been a decent experience.  For that reason, I give 3 stars...
Yes! finally I got to try Chicken Bonz. And it was close to my house. Recently opened (within the past week), I came home from work to find a menu and coupon for a free order of sweet potato tots under my door. That definitely gets me in.

I got take out. Free tots and 12 bone in wings. They have a bunch of flavors like different heat level buffalo sauces and some new flavors like sweet chili garlic. I got Honey BBQ and Oriental sesame. 

These wings were great for bone in. Tons of meat on the bone, crispy, and both flavors were great. The tots were crispy and good. 

I want to go back and try their all you can eat wing deal. They also have boneless wings and burgers on the menu. http://www.chickenbonz.com/menu.html They also have free wi-fi. 

They are right across the street from a Buffalo Wild Wings but I hope they do good.
I've been a huge fan of the Chicken Bonz on Decatur/215,  so I decided to give their new location a try and I'm proud to say it is AMAZING!  First off, the food is off-the-hook good!  Their "Bonz" (wings) and "Bonzless" (fingers/strips) are easily the biggest you've ever seen and the tastiest you'll ever have.  Combine that with their multitude of sauces, and you're in for quite an experience!  My personal favorite is their Honey BBQ, but if you're a heat junkie, their Damn Mistake will have you crying tears of joy.  As stated previously, they have AYCE Bonz everyday for $12.95 and AYCE Bonzless on Tuesdays for the same price.  New to the menu - and definitely worth noting - are their Chicken Sliders.  Super tasty on hawaiian rolls.  For the more health-conscious, they have a great salad bar as well.

While the food is fantastic, the owners and staff really make the place feel like a great neighborhood restaurant.  Both friendly and attentive, they make you feel like you're always welcome.  They also added more TVs, so watching your favorite game is even more enjoyable.  If you haven't ventured to Chicken Bonz yet, give it a try... It will quickly turn into one of your favorites!
We popped in for dinner and were very happy with the customer service. The girl taking our order was very pleasant and had a great demeanor and our waitress was really on top of things as well.

Food wise we think it's OK but nothing spectacular. The wings really reminded me of Hooters' wings in size, texture of breading and flavor, I had the "hot". The wife enjoyed the salad bar and added grilled chicken breasts which were extremely bland and had no seasoning.

$1 for a 12oz beer ain't too shabby and the service was great. Will we be back? Possibly, but at least we now know what to expect going in... Decent wings, cheap beer and good service.
Bomb chicken wings!!!
Ya gotta love Chicken Bonz.  Now I say this because for the first time in a long time a place has provided me with a great wing experience.... Not just once but on several occasions.  Chicken Bonz has some of the best wings I've had in a while and they are crispy, large wings that don't disappoint.

When you walk in there is a huge menu board that you order from at the front counter.  The girl I ordered from was very nice and energetic (I wish I remembered her name, sorry).  And she also served us or food.  The ambiance of the place is laid back and almost feels like a college bar esk type of place.  We got the wings and they were at a good temp, large and crispy (just the way I like them).  Oh and the sweet potatoe tots are AWESOME!!!!! They make a mean sweet tea and the TV's were on ESPN.  So all in all it was a great experience...  

So if you have one by you or your craving some seriously good wings look the place up!
I used to be, for a very long time, a huge fan of Buffalo Wild Wings and would go there at least once or twice a week! But when a group of friends and I decided to grab lunch there, I immediately lost interest in BWW's!

The atmosphere is a fun, bar-like style with four or five flat screens covering the walls and a "big ass fan."

Now for the most important part--the food. Obviously chicken wings,(Bonz), are their specialty as well as chicken tenders, (Bonzless). The chicken is freakin delicious! It's got to be some of the best chicken for a place of it's kind in Vegas. They have twelve different sauces ranging from Lemon Pepper to Damn Mistake, which you can have as a dipping sauce or have your chicken tossed in it. 
If you aren't a fan of chicken, or simply not in the mood for it, Chicken Bonz also offers really unique burgers served on Texas Toast! Another popular choice is the salad bar, for those of you who don't like tasty animals.... 

The prices are very reasonable. A 5 piece bonz or bonzless combo, with fries and a drink, is $7.95, a burger with fries and a drink is $6.95-8.95, depending on the size, and the salad bar is $4.95 for one time through. 

Chicken Bonz is definitely a great place to have a bite to eat with your friends and enjoy some delicious food!
As someone from Buffalo, I had some high hopes for this place, as I am always looking to get good wings, plus I live around the corner from here so I was again hoping for the best. Now I have not been inside their yet, this review is for a catered lunch from my work by them. 

Ultimately my biggest problem was with the wings, the tenders were decent and so were some of the sauces, but the wings were not like chicken wings, they were breaded a bit which from containers they were catered in, made them soft. Truthfully, I would compare this chicken wing more to KFC than to Buffalo Wild Wings. They are big like Buffalo wings, and the chicken itself was fine quality, but the breading ruined them terribly considering them as chicken wings. Not sure if my work ordered them like that but it was definitely no good.

Maybe I will walk in and try the place and see if they can up a star. $1 beers might do that :)
This place has the best chicken wings in town. They are so large that I can barely maintain my grasp without them falling out of my hand because of the weight. I have been to the location on Decatur twice and this one is equally fantastic. We ordered 37 wings, large fries, and 2 ranches which came out to about $45 dollars. However, because of their special that was announced on Yelp this week, I got 50% off my meal. 

The wings: we ordered 4 flavors and my favorite were lemon pepper and damn hot. The lemon pepper was exceptional and WAY better than Wing Stop's where it tastes a lot like oil with a hint of lemon. This lemon pepper really has a zing from the lemon and is as refreshing and light as a deep fried chicken wing could be. The damn hot was a solid spicy buffalo sauce and really isn't that hot. The fries were thin and delicious while the ranch made an excellent side-kick for the wings. 

My only qualm is that it is definitely pricey (without promotions) and that my two orders of wings (25+12) didn't come with ranch. I will definitely come back to this location when the wing craving hits.
I luv the wings @ chicken bonz and the services are over the top.  Taylor was great and suggested the teri-q sauce to me.  I'm a total fan now!
I got to give this place props.  They have great wings and all you can eat, plus dollar beers.  
There salad bar is great and always fresh.
I love there damn mistake sauce and then if you can't handle it for a dollar you can get the antidote.  But that's for little girls

If you like a nice atmosphere great food cheap beer give this place a shot

On a side note tailor always takes great care of me and my friends.  She makes sure me beer glass is always full.  You have to love that.  She is great ask for her is you want great service at a fast food restaurant
I wouldn't want to mess with the chickens that these wings came from. They're gigantic. It's like they did a few leg presses before they met the butcher.

Thanks to my handy Yelp app, I was able to get a "buy one get one free" combo just by checking in for the first time. Pretty slick. Came up to around $10 total for two 8 piece combos. You're able to choose from a variety of wet or dry sauces for your wings. We went with the following:

-Garlic Parmesean: Fried to perfection, with a delightful crisp. Not too greasy either. Goes awesomely with the bleu cheese.
-Teriyaki: Pretty much what you'd expect from the name. Standard teriyaki wing sauce. If this is your thing, it's not bad. I'm not the biggest fan of dousing my wings with teriyaki.
-Sesame: Loved the sweet glaze on these wings. Adds a unique twist. Good choice if you're not a fan of dipping the wings in ranch or bleu cheese, since these wings are great on their own.

The skinny fries that these combos came with were also a pretty nice complement to the wings. Dipping them into the bleu cheese was fatteningly satisfying enough to fulfill any of my manly instincts. Plus, with the walls surrounded by gigantic TVs on every corner, it's a great place to check out a game. 


Note: One thing that stood out to me were the All You Can Eat Wings for $12.95, which I'm definitely going to take advantage of on the next visit. Get this deal while a game is going on and you're good to go.
My girlfriend and I were in the neighborhood looking for something to eat and saw Chicken Bonz and thought we'd check it out. 

First off the staff was very friendly and welcoming and since it was our first time explained all our options for us.  My girlfriend got a six piece "bonz" (wings) combo and I got the 5 piece "bonzless" (chicken strips) combo.

My strips were pretty bland and I tried the wings but I felt like I could get better out of a frozen dinner.

Not worth the money when there's a Buffalo Wild Wings across the street.
Love Chicken Bonz when in the mood for good wings.  This place is directly across the street from another chain (BWW), and I haven't been in the other since they opened.  Simply a better product.  Good wings and $1 drafts of Blue Moon?  Good 'nuf for me!
Came here for the BOGO when you check in with the Yelp app, if it wasn't for that then I would be quite disappointed. 

6 wings, some fries and a drink for a price of $7.99, ouchie! Not that bad when you get 12 wings, a lot of fries, and two drinks for $7.99. Went with the flavors that I usually order from Wing Stop which were lemon pepper and honey BBQ, not bad, but not going to pull me away from Wing Stop or Buffalo Wild Wings anytime soon. I did notice that the wings were slightly bigger.

Parking and service was as good as it gets for a chicken wing joint. 

Anyways come back if the BOGO is available, but if not tread water carefully.
The food is tasty and fresh. Taylor is the best server!! She's bright, friendly, and she kept the table clean for our table of 11! Great personality too. We'll be back!
My brother and I tried this for the first time a few weeks ago and it was love at first bite. Since we wanted to try as many flavors as possible, we went for the all-you-can-eat special for $13 each. As noted in other reviews, the wings were FANTASTIC and ENORMOUS! I have never seen such massive wings in my entire life. My favorite flavors were the Teriyaki, hot and sweet chili - simply irresistible. Service was really good too, but possibly because it wasn't very packed on a Friday night. 

My only complaint is the size of the first basket you are served with the all-you-can-eat special. There were literally 10-15 gigantic wings in this first basket. Given the size of the wings, it was extremely tough to get through this basket in order to make a pass at all the other flavors I wanted to try - sort of defeating the purpose of all-you-can-eat, in my opinion. To add on, each additional basket has at least 6-7 massive wings which further limits the ability to try all the flavors you want. Maybe that's their intention so you have to come back again to try the other flavors? Seems totally unnecessary to me. This is a great product, so no need to pull any tactics to reel potentially repeat customers in.

Anyway, I have wanted to go back again for the all-you-can-eat special but I'm not sure if I can stomach the massive first basket again - no matter how ridiculously tasty they are.
I wasnt impressed, I Have been going to Chicken Bonz for years, since they started in las Vegas, I was Very sad to see that Chicken Bonz Changed its name to the Chicken Shack, but I decided to eat here, and give them a chance, the Service was the Worst I ever had, and the food Sucked, not ok, or even Bad, IT SUCKED!   Now I understand why JV and Missy, over at the original Changed their Name, can you say Terrible, Chicken Shack here I come!
Brewed Tea: Yes

I have ONE gripe about this place - they charge 75 cents for extra sauce. That's it, that's my only gripe.
All you can eat for $12.95? You can't beat that.  You walk in and you're immediately greeted by the person at the counter.  The wings are large and very fulfilling.  All you can eat might even be too much. If you don't wanna miss the big game, you can rest assured, it'll be on one of the many tvs.  The service there is outstanding.  A group of my friends and I all ordered all-you-can-eat wings, and when we inevitably couldn't finish the rest, they let us take them home. Score! I never understood why a restaurant wouldn't allow you to take home your leftovers. They're gonna be thrown away anyway! Needless to say, I will be frequenting this place for years to come.
If you love fried chicken & chicken wings, you'll enjoy this place! I decided to check this place out when I had a craving for some chicken wings and honestly BWW just doesn't do it for me. Ironically, this location was across the street from BWW so thought eh what the heck, I'll try it. 

Once we arrived it was dead! However, that didn't discourage me from trying this place. Looking at the menu, the AYCE is the best deal. At first, I was a little confused on how the process worked since the hostess/cashier/waitress really didn't explain it. But in the end I was ok with it. After an hour, then service picked up.

So enough with the fluff, let's get down to business. These little suckers are huge! Seriously the first basket with 10 pieces will get you full. Make sure to split the order with 2 flavors so you can sample at least 2 different sauces. After the first basket, each basket comes with 5. And nothing says awesome like $1 PBR to wash down the wings. For a minute there, I felt like I was a competitive eater as I raced to beat the 12-yr old kid that kept eating wings. Unfortunately I paid for it after 30 some wings.

We seriously tried every flavor - sesame soy started off good but by the 3 wing, I need something to drink. It became salty and the sauce was thick. The Garlic Parm wasn't bad but honestly just tasted like fried chicken. I love sweet chili but they didn't put enough sauce on these suckers. Remember folks, if chicken is battered and deep fried, more sauce is needed than usual especially when the sauce is thin. The hot sauces were pretty similiar to Hooters. Overall, if you're a fan of Hooters, you'll enjoy this place. It's quieter, $1 beers and big screens to keep you entertained. Plus as Stephanie mentioned freshly brewed tea!
This place is awesome! Great food and cool staff, especially the cooks. Very cool guys. Ive ate there over 10 times and never had a complaint. The fries are my favorite thing. Beats mcdonalds fries hands down all day!
This would have been a 2-star review if it was solely based on the food. Unfortunately, the food was only part of the problem.

I went here last weekend with a friend on his recommendation. Right after he ordered and sat down the girls behind the counter began snickering and making fun of him. They didn't realize I was with him until I rather angrily brought up that he was my friend, then they shut up. 

The food itself? Its mediocre as hell. I ordered the 6 wing and fries combo and what I got was wings that were barely sauced, overly breaded and that tasted almost metallic. The fries were straight out of the frozen food section at Sams Club and tasted like sticks of styrofoam. And after waiting nearly 20 minutes for WINGS and FRIES, the food was lukewarm. If you keep me waiting, the food had damn well better be hot when I get it.

One more note: the server (I noticed) was avoiding us and the group that was seated  behind us (minorities), but was going out of her way to attend to the white frat boys on the patio every five minutes. Read into that what you will. 

I will NEVER go back to Chicken Bonz again.
Ok this place conflicts me so much...

Me and the bf went here one night and I was conflicted if i liked the place or not lol, I ordered the bone in parmesan chicken wings with fries and a drink. I must say I love how big the chicken wings are and the way they fry them is delicious but i wasn't a fan of how they do the parmesan they just sprinkle it on so half of the wings were just plan because the parmesan wasn't sticking to it. I usually go to wing stop and i love the way the do there parmesan wings its more like a sauce rather then just throwing it on so if chicken bonz had wingstops parmesan sauce they would have been alot better. I'm not a fan of their fries either there thin and tasteless. 

I thought this place was ok and its a bit pricey I'm not sure if I would return here I might just stick with my wing stop and call it a day.
They refill the drinks, they pickup your empty baskets and the bonzless strips are pretty big! The five strip combo should be enough food for almost anyone. The WiFi sometimes works but is nice that they offer it. There are many large televisions showing sports, so that is good if you want to catch a game and some wings. Taylor is so excellent at this location. She's the reason I keep coming back!
Chicken wings? How can you say no! You just can't go wrong with chicken wings. Hi five to them for providing an awesome 20% check in discount. I just ordered a simple 5 piece bone in chicken parmesan deal. No combo. Total came to $4.95 after the discount. 

The chicken was awesome! A nice crisp outer crunch and a tender juicy center. How many bites does it take to get to the bone? I'll never know...

The only downside was that the 2 offerings I was looking forward to wasn't delivered. They had free wifi, but I couldn't connect. $1 draft beer! I was so stoked, but alas, they were tapped out (no pun intended!) Figures. $1 beer was just too good to be true. Why offer $1 beer for people to look forward to and then be out of beer. Big sad face to that!

Here's are a few offerings I noticed as well:

75 cents extra for ranch or blue cheese (but that's a given I think any chicken wing joint charges for sauce)

$12.95 for all you can eat chicken wings

$7.50-$8.00 for a 5 piece chicken wing combo depending if it's bone in or out

Burgers come with fries and are made with Texas toast for buns.

Flat screens to watch that game you had just placed a bet for. I know that's a big plus for all you sports fans!

It's a very hip little joint to go to if you want to grab a good bite to eat alone or with friends!
We are so happy to have this chicken wing place near us.  We have been wanting to try it since we saw it recently.  So we decided it would be a good place for a Sunday lunch (I know, it makes no sense.)

The waitresses were super friendly, the service was quick.  I ordered the salad bar, it's limited choices and only allows one trip through but it's cheap.  The boy ordered 2 different types of wings, garlic parm and hot, as well as their sweet tater tots.  We weren't disappointed in anything.  The salad bar is limited but that's ok with me and the dressings were good.  I love wings that are "dry" and still moist and tasty.  The garlic parm wings were just that.  Tasty, moist and crispy.  The hot wings were hot, we are kind of crazy about spice, but not super hot.  They have two levels higher so I can imagine if you want to cry and sweat there is that opportunity, we'll try it next time.  The tater tots were really good and flavorful as well.  

It was the day after st. patty's day, so I will give them a pass but there was no beer left at all.  That was too bad.  But all in all it was a great experience and we will be going back.  Love it!
Great service and food.
This place has fallen from my good graces. 

Here are a few tricks they like to pull:

They ask - "Do you want ranch or blue cheese?"
What they are not telling you: That it's not included and costs extra. They always word it exactly like that. I've been here SEVERAL times to know this.

The servers are also massive bitches. They always give me shit when I order.. but if I send my boyfriend they suddenly get chatty, nice, and our order isn't fucked up. I'm not even ordering anything weird. I order off the fucking menu.. no changes, no substitutes, no special requests so I don't really know why they have such a giant stick up their ass. 

I suggest going to their other location.
This is a very good little wings place. Be sure to order your wings tossed in the sauce, a weird west coast thing you need to ask for every time. 

Service is quite good, friendly, speedy. I see a few reviews where people are upset about charging for blue cheese and ranch. Suggestion would be to RTFM. Read the flipping menu. They charge for it, get over it or get a bottle of ranch at Glaziers across the street and keep it in your fridge. 

Probably the best wings I've had in the city so far.
Hot diggity...I LOVE the chicken wings here! I was a bit unsure about this place since it got so many bad reviews, but I walked in and was greeted by the girls behind the counter almost immediately... I'm thinking... "ok..no sign of mean attitude..yet?" Hrm..Still I had my guard up, and it took a while for me to pick what sauces and combo I wanted but the girls explained all the flavors and I choose: Hot, Sweet Chili and Honey BBQ.. no regrets! OoOh so good! Wings came out piping hot and so crispy but the meat was seasoned perfectly and juicy too *dROol*

While I was there, I managed to strike a conversation with the server and I guess they have a new management so all of the girls are relatively new hires and really sweet. They must have gotten rid of that girl everyone's been complaining about, YIKES! 

I'm glad I gave this place a shot, hot wings, good service, and a low key place to hang out with friends over beer & sports WOoHOO! No more paying $$$$ for cold wings at LV happy hour joints!!
Awesome wing place! You really cannot beat all-you-can-eat wings with a drink for around $15!! Everyone was really friendly, we were checked on to make sure everything was ok AND our wing refills came out FAST! Check out the Asian sesame wings... Just awesome. 

The table next to us was having some chicken fingers and they looked juicy and almost as big as half a chicken breast...I will try them out next time. Oh and if you are in the mood for a beer, you can get a cold one for $1. Come check them out.
Good food.. Went on a Sunday for the game and was nice wasn't that busy which was good cause I could hear the game. My man ate over 35 wigs they have an all you can eat 12.95 well worth it
If you're looking for the best place for wings, look no further. With the friendly staff, great food, and incredible all-you-can-eat, Bonz has it all. 
Football, beer, and endless wings....need I say more?
Bomb ass place! Great food,  $1 draft beers kids eat free with adult combo plus 20% off with check-in how can you go wrong with this place?! Btw Jill is awesome!
Had never been here before. Bought a groupon, and now I am sorry I did not buy more. This place was really good. 
We ordered the Chicken bonzlelezz picnic basket. The Tenders were crunchy and perfectly seasoned. They have a good selection of sauces. My favorite was the sweet barbecue. The coleslaw was crunchy and tasty. Not all mayo. The beans were a huge hit. Not too crazy about the fries. I prefer crunchy fries. The young woman at the register was nice and helpful. A real sweet person. We had so many questions. Will be back again.
I think this might be one of the better wing places in the valley honestly.  The wings here are large and in charge, and I like that they don't over-batter them.  They always seem to come out crispy, and not drowned in sauce, which is a plus for me.  I don't care that they don't have like 20 flavors like BWs, because their sauces are tasty and they run the spice gamut.  Service is friendly, and fast, and I like that they have rolls of paper towels on the tables, and give you wet naps to clean up when you're done eating.  Also a big fan of their boneless "wings", which are gigantic.
I have to wholly recommend this place. It blows most wings you have tried in your life out of the water. The deal for endless wings is great ($12.99 all you can eat). 

The wings come breaded and fried, never cold or nasty-tasting.  They are very crispy and have a great texture. There are several sauces: regular wing sauce with varying degrees of spice and a few other ones (Honey BBQ, teriyaki, sweet chili garlic, sweet and sour, etc.). The regular wing sauces come with a nice buttermilk ranch as well, not the mayo-based sauce other places might serve. The wings are very big and meaty, not very tiny. They give you bigger portions in your first round and afterwards shrink it down. Not exactly what some may like, but it is all-you-can-eat  and it is less wasteful in case you overestimated your appetite. 

I have to also recommend the fries. They come very crispy and thin. These have to be among the best tasting fries I've had as well. They don't give you sauce for these fries, you have to get it over at the condiments counter but the side benefit is they also serve fry sauce and in case you want to dip it in ranch, there usually is enough left afterwards for dipping. There is a drink fountain (Coke-based) and a tea machine for those who would rather partake in that instead. 

Normally, the service for this place is decent; my only complaint is that sometimes the waiters can screw up the sauce you have, but bringing it up with them usually fixes the problem. I have to commend the employees (an older brunette and a young cook with a buzz cut) that worked yesterday. Although it was very busy and understaffed, they did not lose their cool and kept the service with a smile. I hope the managers do, however, at least adequately staff the place for the busier times. It's not fair to the customers, nor is it to them, who have to bear the grunt of it.
I so wanted to love this place. We are from San Diego and we are use to Dirty Birds which have TONS of sauce options. First I was thrown off because I don't like my wings breaded. However, the size of the wings were good and my husbands chicken fingers were HUGE. I wish they had more flavors.
We used to come here all the time for the great wings and equally great service. After a while,  the food started being not so good,  so we stopped going.
Went back today after a long hiatus and I must say that I'm very disappointed in the service. My husband ordered the all you can eat wings, like he has many times before. It took forever for someone to even come back to our table and finally ask if we were ok. My husband had to ask for a refill (never had to do that before) and finally got more wings. The waitress then asked if he wanted her to put another order in and he said yes. Needless to say it was another long wait before he got his additional order of wings.
This used to be one of out favorite places. Now, due to the shoddy service, I'm not sure we'll be back.
I like that there is a more local alternative to Buffalo Wild Wings, I'll always try to go local over a nationwide.  In this case however, I think I'll take BWW.  I have been here on a couple of occasions and have felt deflated after each attempt.  The batter is slightly soggy and the atmosphere is quite dank and vacant feeling, even with people there.  There's much better alternatives out there.
$1 beer and $12.95 for AYCE wings. I am sold.

You can call this a small sports bar that happens to sell chicken or a chicken place that happens to sell beer.  They have a few small screen TVs and doesn't hold a lot of people.  But it does serve some pretty good chicken tenders which looked like were made from actual chicken meat not the processed stuff.  The wings were so and so but I guess you could compare them to Buffalo Wild Wings which is right across the street.  That's tough but I would probably come here versus BWW just because I perfer small businesses. Friendly service, chill environment, and some arcade machines, I'm a fan.

This is a solid 3.5 rating place.
We purchased the groupon that says it expires by a certain date, we went on that date because like most groupons it expires after that. When I went to the cashier to use it she nicely tried to explain to me that it expired and another man that worked there RUDELY told me it expires before that date not through that day. Then tries to degrade me saying it was only $6 like I was being cheap. That was not the point of using the groupon since I had never been there before, that groupon opened my eyes that it was there and we eat out alot. i had to step out of line and almost started crying because of this rude employee. I told him I wasn't arguing with him and he walked away. He was rude to another group of men sitting by us so I know he is just an unhappy person. We debated even eating there, but did, since I've always wanted to try it. Food was pretty good which is why the 2 stars and the cashier was a nice woman but it's a shame this one experience will never get me into another chicken bonz anywhere because no one deserves to be treated like that.
The wings here are DELISH!  We will definitely be back. It's refreshing to see an owner of an establishment stopping by their customers tables just to introduce themselves and check to make sure everything was to their liking. The guy that took our order was super friendly as well and explained how things worked when we told him it was our first time there.  My 11 year old daughter is really picky about her wings and said these were better than B-Dubs across the street.
I love love love chicken wings, I basically order them whenever I go out if I can. If I was stuck on a deserted island and a genie  said "You may have one food infinitely until you are rescued." ...I would reply "chicken wings"

...So rolling with my two favorite ladies going to the SW to see a friend last Saturday the 2nd, and searched yelp for CHICKEN WINGS BURGERS in SW Nevada. Chicken Bonz came up as number 1 most reviewed for the SW.

So after we hit my friends, we went over to Chickn Bonz on Durango and Warm Springs. It's kinda hidden from the street as your going east to west on warm springs, so look for it behind a jack in the box I think it was.

Anyway, pulled up about 8pm on a Saturday night, got out of vehicle and.... fell in love instantly....with the sign i read.

ALL YOU CAN EAT CHICKEN WINGS - $12.95

Really!!? REALLY?!?! YIPPEE KI YEAAAAAAAA MOFO!

*ahem*

Anyway, proceeded inside, nice sports barish atmosphere with neon signs, and cool memorabilia on the wall, not a big sports fan so didn't really pay attention. Few video games, and nicely decorated. Ordered our food from the smokin' hot counter girl, that was mutli-tasking like a mofo. Good size crowd taking up most of the tables, got our pitcher, and chilled for about 10 minutes till we got our food. The girls ordered a juicy looking burger that they shared, totally enjoying the texas toast used as a bun instead of the normal McD's bun. Nice. For the AYCE you get 10 to start, and have to order in increments of 5 after that. 

Ordered the Garlic Salsa somethin somethin at the counter of the about 10-12 different flavors they had. I can't remember because the counter girl was hot and I was distracted. 

Anyway, I was expecting tiny little wings like you get at Hooters (I go for the wings) and l and behold, good size pieces of  wings filling up the little tray basket. slathered in my choice sauce. The cool counter person working by herself came up and apologized for it taking a little longer than expected, but she was single handedly handling the entire front by herself with about 15-20 customers on the floor, and about 8 in line AND asnwering the phone, and rocking getting everybody's order in. I worked retail/food the last 11 years and give her kudos, she even managed to compliment my homegirl's tattoo in the middle of all of it!

The wings filled me up surprisingly quick, convinced we were going to sit there for at least two hours  (my homegirls know I love wings) I ended up ordering just one more set of wings and I was content, fat and happy after just 15 wings. I was not surprised with the good size delicious wings, and threw in the  towel at 15. My friends were surprised I was done too. I only tasted the Garlic Chili and Teriyaki, but will go back to try the other ones. 

Had a definitely enjoyable experience, wish the place was a little bigger, as far as choice of seating, but perfectly good time eating some wings.

I live in the north, but will drive down to the SW just for the service, atmosphere and great experience I had with my friends at this location, even though there's another one I guess 10 minutes away from where I live. (I asked the counter girl)

Good Job Chicken Bonz! and Good job Smokin hottie Counter Girl!  I shall return-
4 Stars for food and atmospher+ 1 Star Bonus for our server and overall hotness-making it 5 stars. 

*Poof*
AYCE chicken wings for $12.95! I'm in chicken heaven!!! I love chicken wings! Had this place bookmarked for a while and finally got to try it out this past weekend. here's how it works:

10 wings per person for 1st order
5 wings per person for orders after that
You can order as much as you want
Pick and mix sauces. Lemon Pepper and Garlic Parmesan are the only 2 dry rubs.
Order up front first, then the waitress will come around and take your order every time after that.

The Lemon Pepper is my favorite. They have a Cayenne garlic Parmesan flavor too, my second favorite. Blue cheese or ranch dipping sauce. The wings are pretty big compared to the wings in the SGV. They have a soda fountain so free refills as well. $1 beer gets you a small cup of beer on certain brand. Others are $1.50. 

They also have combos you can order if AYCE is not your thing. They take pre-order if you're planning a party. The boyfriend and I ate 15 wings each. Well worth my money!
A surprise for sure! I suppose it helps when you have zero expectations going in for a meal and you come out full, not broke, and with leftovers!

This place has mixed ambiance.  Part sports bar, part family friendly, part salad bar? Odd.  

The salad bar is what you would expect: basic romaine lettuce and a myriad of toppings.  Pleasantly surprised by how clean and fresh everything was.  It could be vastly improved with a nice spring mix in place of the bland romaine; alas, die hard salad bar fans would likely disagree.

We had wings, fingers and sweet potato tots.  We tried two different flavors of sauce.  It was nice that they were on the side so you could pick and choose and dip or not dip.  Chicken was very good.  Tots were tasty.  

A nice neighborhood spot to hit for a quick dinner with the fam.  Nothing to blow your mind but plenty to fill your belly without breaking the bank.  

I'd go again!
Came here for wings, but there's no way to get wings gluten free. I could have gotten a burger or salad but the place is named Chicken Bonz. I don't want a burger or a salad I want chicken wings. 

I did try a sweet potato tater tot which was passable, but not special. 

Won't be here again.
The wings were pretty good and they are the full size. But they were all out of the $1 beer they advertise. If you get the unlimited wings, it takes about 10-15min to get the next order so preorder. The service was questionable. I had to ask permission if we can eat there after the girl rolled her eyes at us when I asked her a question.
I can't believe I have never reviewed Chicken Bonz! 
I am way behind on my yelping!

I wish they offered a 8 wing option, because that is my magic number.  6 and I feel unsatisfied,  and 12, well, I physically cannot do 12, no matter how hard I try and I really wish I could!

I normally get Honey BBQ and Sweet Chili Garlic. That sweet chili garlic, well, great, I am drooling now like Pavlov's dog. I don't loooove the honey bbq, but I don't do buffalo sauce and I don't like a lot of spice.

Because they are breaded, they get soggy really fast, we used to get our bonz to go, but they are 100x better if you eat in. Even our 5 minute drive home ruins them.

Get the sweet potato tots and extra ranch - then drink the ranch.


My complaint, the darn red neon sign in there.  It's awful, and triggers my migraines.
Great wings all the time. The all you can eat is always available and well worth it. Wings are big and juicy. Don't pass it up! Service is good. Staff is friendly. 
Please please please do NOT change the name to Meat, Chix, & Weiners....Terrible name, not good for family, feels like you're trying to copy that other big-name wing place, I would not recommend friends or family to a place with that name...gonna lose a few regulars. While I was in there, every customer had a complaint about the name change. Stop it before it is too late. Don't fix something that isn't broken!
It's no Wingstop...
It was my first time ever going here. The food was really good. My aunt brought me here. Apparently the name hasn't been changed on Yelp yet but its now called Meat, Chix, and Weiners. I got a 12 piece chicken finger with honey bbq sauce. I wasnt a big fan of the sauce but the fingers came out steaming hot and were way better then Raising Canes in my opinion. I highly recommend trying this place out.
This restaurant turned into "Meat Chix and Weiners" and has frankly gone straight down the tubes.  Different menu, horrible chicken, new sauces with odd flavors.
I'm a wing lover...just happened to see their sign and took their "best wings ever" sign as a challenge. They lived up to the hype. Delicious...and so was everything else I tried - the pastrami burger and coleslaw were on point! Would definitely return!
Whenever I'm "cruising" through Mesa, Cruisers is always my first stop.  The delicious food soothes my soul and makes it a nice house.  But the friendly staff and management are what make it a wonderful home.   As John "The Duke" Wayne himself once said in the movie The Barbarian and The Geisha: "Go for the wings and coleslaw -- stay for the friends and laughter."
Best place ever. I love the wings and great price for the quality. Definitely check out this place. The staff is awesome too with excellent service. I can't wait to visit this place again. This place is so on point, its definitely my monthly go to spot now. Why are you still reading this?! Head over to Cruisers now! =)
I'm always on the lookout for locally-owned or family-owned business to give my money to, and I'm really happy I came across Cruisers!  I really liked how unassuming and cheap it was. If you are looking for "atmosphere" then this is not your place, but if you are looking for GREAT food at a very reasonable price, then it doesn't get a whole lot better than this!

I got a simple cheeseburger and a small order of fries and a drink and it ran about $7, but they had plenty of specials posted around the place with lower prices. They had a really random assortment on the menu, including wings, pasta, jalapeno poppers, mozzarella sticks, pastrami, and more! 

The food burger was cooked perfectly and juicy, this isn't McDonald's! The ingredients were all very fresh and it had a very good flavor. The french fries were good, some were overcooked, but I didn't care since the "small" order was damn near a pound of fries!

I'll definitely be back soon, and often!
Wow oh wow, I read the reviews on here and thought, ok, I'm always in search of a good wing. This place more than satisfies. Would suggest going before sundown, the hood is well, a battlefield. There is a drivethru, a definite plus. Make sure and pick up a 16 oz becks at Valero across the street as well. Anywho, the wings were cheap, $6.50 a dozen with carrots and ranch. Boy they were great! Crispy to a fault and marvelous sauce! They could have been cooked maybe 30 seconds less but when in question, make them crispier! So they performed. We devoured these things for dinner and finished the rest for early lunch in toaster oven, DELISH! Will pick up a dozen whenever venturing to "that neck of the woods." Highly recommended!!
BOOOOOOOOO. Sure the prices were great, but ughh. 
Ordered Double Jalepeno Burger ($5.50).. Two very thick patties. Previously frozen. Grey. Springy. REALLY SALTY.  The Jalepenos were canned and bland. No cheesiness to the burger either.. the thousand island, and everything else was good. It wasn't a horrible burger, but, it begins the previously frozen theme of the meal. Also ordered 12 Hot Wings ($6.50) to split. HORRIBLE. Overcooked. The sauce was extremely sour.. white vinegar mixed with chili pepper maybe? Not all that hot, just pasty, unpleasant, and gross. Also ordered a box-of-fries ($6.00) to split. Generous portion, but there seemed to be 2lbs of salt. The fries were also obviously frozen, and were school cafeteria crinkle cut. I'm pretty sure I'm going to be known as "The Burger Bitch" on yelp, cuz i'm quite critical of burger joints, lol!
well, I thought it was great food but they are now OFFICIALLY CLOSED!  Where will my new favorite place be to go for a quick bite???  Well, so Long Cruisers, Rest in Peace.
Very hit or miss, depending on who is doing the cooking. If it is the older guy, he was the actual chef from the old Chicken shack, and he makes bangin' wings. The hispanic guy messed up my order 3 times out of 4 so far, he is the chef "in training" but seriously, its just wings, you make them all day, it cant be that hard? Mostly he makes the wings plain and gives you a tiny side of whatever sauce you asked for to dip in. This is WRONG. When I order "habanero honey" I want the wings smothered in that delicious sauce. That should be the default way, always. 

This is in Cactus Jack's saloon, and the reason why I believe is because the bar rents out the kitchen to the Chicken Shack guys. From a logical standpoint, it makes sense because its cheaper than leasing one of the empty storefront's next door and installing a new kitchen, but it may be something they want to consider for the long run. I have no problem going in a bar to get the food, but I can see how some would think this to be an annoying and avoidable step.

1/5 when the hispanic is the cook (so far, maybe hell step his game up), 4/5 when it is the older man.
This is one of the best chicken places in the Southeast area.  Most people go for the wings but they also have a flavorful grilled option; even more delicious when coupled with their signature honey barbecue sauce. 

Bottom line: great food, drinks, and friendly people. Definitely recommend!
Terrible rip-off.
 Fried frozen food really sucks.
 The wings were bad too.



(try Blu32 instead  haiku lovers)
Decided to stop on for dinner and drinks. Happy hour deals are not that much of a deal. The wings were a pretty big disapointment all together. First off they were not hot and the sauces were all pretty saltly. 

We will stick with Buffalo Wild Wings next time.
We were starving for lunch, had never been to a Native New Yorker, so we thought what they heck.  I'm glad we had a coupon, but overall, I didn't think it was that bad.  I had the Philly, which, I will admit, hard to do right, but the meat had a decent taste and a good amount of cheese.  The only part I didn't understand was the extra charge for mushrooms and peppers...isnt that part of a Philly!  The do give you options on fries, which I like, the streak fries were, again, decent.  Our waiter was very nice, but seemed nonexistent at times.  Its pretty much your typical bar food with a pretty good bar ambiance.
Let's see, Bad Service, Very Slow, so so food, couldnt get waited on even when it was slow.   Much much better places to choose from in the area.
I have just one complaint here...

The 'Native Puffs' appetizer was the 2nd worst app I ever had. A trail of sludge on the serving platter was very noticeable, as I slid the puff over to my dish.  But I didn't find any BP slush fund here to compensate my queasy stomach.  And the filling was comprised of nasty canned processed cheese.  The manager said he would give these to us at happy hour pricing, but that promise didn't make it to the check.

Now on to the good stuff.  Their pizza rocked!  The crust was perfectly crisp, the sauce was seasoned to my taste, and the toppings were spot on.

Their wings were deep fried perfectly.  I just love the honey-hot flavor.

Our server was very attentive (and his station was slammed), and the manager (and some other friendly employee) came over to check on us, telling us about an upcoming free wing special.  Even when one of the other server's bumped my arm as he walked by, he made a point to get my attention to apologize. (Results not typical)

They have $3.00 22oz domestic tap for happy hour.

Boo Native Puffs.
Hooray Beer!

PS. I agree with Richard.  Try Blue 32!
My buddy proposed to his gf tonight and the management totally went out of their way to make it awesome. Steve is the best. We showed up and didn't have the equipment we needed to play a song on the piano and he totally rushed to Walmart and bought it for us in time. That's beyond the call of duty.
Not great.  Was hoping to like this place since they appear to have great happy hour deals and a good environment for catching games on TV, but our food came out cold and bland.  At least it's another chain that I can cross off of my "chains I've never been to" list.
The service could have been a better and this is coming from someone pretty empathetic with service professionals. It was taking a long time for our drink orders to show up, but our server was very friendly. The food was alright. I'll certainly be giving it a second chance.
The food just isn't very good. The service is not very good either. However, they find a way to keep the place packed. I just have no motivation to go back and eat there.
Good wings, but I miss the days when they were 10 cents and you could stuff your face for 5 dollars. :0
I mostly go to drink beer at this location.  When they first opened up, the service was horrible.  Took an hour to get a pizza, rang up wrong products on the order......but cut some slack.

The service has definitely improved.  The last time I went in, we had an AWESOME server.  The wings were a little dry...I like my wings slathered in sauce.  The appetizer was a little "eh."

Kudos to the service, but the wings sure have gone downhill....which is a shame. I used to rave about Native NY back in 1993 to my friends back in Wyoming, but now......not so much.
We ate here once and the food was terrible but the service was passible. Fast Forward a year or so and my husband took my daughter and I here one night because they were looking for a sports pub-like atmosphere for wings and pizza. After nearly an hour of waiting for ANY of their food order to show, my husband called me from the place and asked if I thought they should leave. I told them to yes, walk out after letting the server know. He said it was not crowded at all and they just left. Upon telling the server why they were leaving, the server told him this is just how long it took there. No offer to comp dinner, no telling him it would be just a moment longer, nothing. Just gave up on the spot. We will never eat there again. Not worth it. I have no idea how they stay in business.
Used to be a regular at this place.  I never had a problem with service and the manager there is very good and attentive.  Over the past 6 months I began to notice a huge change.

First the food portions are way smaller.  The wings, which they are supposed to be known for look like they came of chickens that had anorexia, there was almost no meat on the bone.  The last time we went my wife ordered them grilled.  They came out charred and not one person, chef, expediter or server noticed this?  Pathetic.  She was so done with this place she didn't even bother to send them back.  We also noticed the side salads were noticeably smaller.  I mean cutting costs on the amount of lettuce you use?  

I am not a big fan nor was when we used to go there often of their pizza, I think the crust is to soggy for my liking.  Sandwiches are decent, but the amount of fries you now get is far less, more cost cutting measures it seems.

The final straw was a month or so ago I was informed that to sit in the bar area you now must put your name on a list.  Who has a seating list for the bar area?  I never heard of such a thing.  

In the hyper competitive world of sports bars, in the SE Valley area I can find a few more that have better quality food, with larger portions for about the same price.  They now get my hard earned dollars.

The only reason its not a 1 is that I do like many of the servers there and unlike many reviews have never had an issue with this part of the place.
Usually I get wings here, and they are always good. Last time I went I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and fries, and it was much better than expected. Not that I expected to be bad or anything, so it was that good.
The wings are great... so stick with just the wings. The pizzas are decent. Don't go with burgers or spaghettis... they are no good even by Phoenix standards.
We really love our waitress at this restaurant, Vee, she is knowledgeable about the food there, kind, and very efficient, She used to just run out the food, but now is a huge asset to NNY! She is a great waitress there! The wings are the best there! We come here at least 2-3 times a month..We also have had over the last few years, Elysa/Tate they are excellent also! Keep up the great work....can't beat great prices, excellent food, and wonderful service! Thanks!
Spicey hone mustard wings with side of Suicide sauce Excellent! Angela is great!
This place is your typical bar food kind of place.  We usually only go for happy hour....half price apps and drink specials.  Decent nachos, but the margaritas aren't great....although they're usually not at a sports bar.
GREAT SERVICE BUT......  We've been going to this location for the past couple of years off and on for UFC in the bar mostly, as it's very close to our house.  Truthfully the only thing I've ever really enjoyed food wise, was the chicken. (pizza is decent). Last Saturday night was no exception. There were 5 of us but my gf is a vegetarian, so she always orders the veggie platter (only choice). Normally it comes with some pretty nice whole mushrooms, cucumbers, carrots and what not... Decent. On Saturday we learned they had eliminated the quality veggies and changed it to a veggie and cheese platter with a small Dixie cup of artificial squeeze cheese!  Carrots, broccoli, giant tomato chunks and ez squeeze? Are you serious guys? This cheese is disgusting. To call this a veggie & CHEESE platter is a bad joke.  Chicken was very good as usual but to see such corner cutting on something so simple was ridiculous.  

Luckily the GM Alex Campbell was making his way around to all the tables. I let him know how disappointed I was because I felt bad for my gf. Alex was very understanding & apologetic and offered to go back and get some mushrooms for us, stating they no longer carry cucumbers. He was gone about 15 minutes and we started to wonder where he went. He then walked over to us with a plate full of fresh whole mushrooms, explaining they had all recently been chopped and he had to run to the store to get them, as there was no way he was coming back empty handed ! He actually stopped what he was doing and drove to the store to make us happy.  Now that's a great manager guys, Alex was pleasant to speak with and took care of business. Not every situation calls for a drive, but this type of dedication is what the service industry is missing these days and I can't say enough for this fella. Also I should mention our waiter Shane did a nice job taking care of us during the UFC fights.  We had a fun evening and the chicken was great. Only gave 3 stars because corporate could do a much better job with the rest of the food as well as the draft beer selection. Can't be a one trick pony & expect to do well around here guys.  Thank god for UFC, good chicken, and great managers.
Been here a couple a couple times and it's a pretty good sports bar with Ok food. I like the flavor choices for the wings but they are not as good as they used to be. You can get far better wings up the road at Teakwoods. Their pizza is decent. It tastes really good but I'm not a huge fan of the floppy style thin pizza. Just my preference though. I will give at least them 3 stars though for having good servers, NTN trivia and good draft beer choices. They will remain in my local trivia round of bars that I visit.
Last night was kind of an exception... the wings were really greasy and the service was less than great.  Normally their salt and pepper wings are tough to beat!  If you go, try Tuesdays / Thursdays as the wings are much cheaper.  It wasn't just the wings - the Dos XX keg that was on "special" was flat - and they even forgot to take them off the tab when we left.  In other words, don't hurry to get here, but if you do show up, come for happy hour on Tues / Thurs.
One of the worst restaurants in the valley!   Where is the 0 star option!

I went with a group of people and we all agreed to never come back!
Terrible service: Personally, I was overcharged  $3. In total, 4 of 6 bills were also overcharged, none were under charged to make up the difference. (For example: it said $5 on the menu yet they charged $6 for some items.)  When i asked to get it fixed the waitress was no where to be found and just left.  I went to the bartender to fix it and he said if i didn't know the waitresses name, he could not fix it, and it was never addressed    
Terrible food: pick any item from the frozen food section of a grocery store and it will hold its own against this place, the wings had no sauce: it was baked into a terrible breading. Spinach dip was soupy and nasty. Chips were stale.  The pizza is terrible too (not fresh toppings).  Again a $4 Frozen Pizza rivals what was served.  

Terrible beer selection, terrible kegs: only basic Domestics and Mexican lagers: the draft lines are clearly not fresh as the beers tasted a little funky. The beer is cool, but not cold, and warm before a third of the way through.
 
Rude bartenders: very impatient when asking about the beer selection, just pointed and said order already.   

Atmosphere was awkward: It did not have a homely feeling of a pub, nor a classy modern feeling, it felt like an airport bar.

In the end they refused address the overcharge (absolutely unacceptable), and the destroyed the great  mood I was in  prior to entering.
This place used to be amazing. I frequented the Val Vista and Elliot location pretty often and loved, their wing specials but ever since it closed down I've had to try other places. I'm not sure if they still have them but the quality of food sure has come down a bit. The past 2 times I've been here my wings came out a colder than I expected. If i had to rate it, I would say that it was colder than luke-warm but still edible. The service has always been good though so no complaints there. I can't say if I would recommend NNY over a place like Buffalo Wild Wings but its definitely a place to try.
The food is just ok. Our waiter was friendly.
The wings are great! The service is friendly, it took 45 minutes for us to get 2 dozen wings ath STV location.
I agree... I remember it being better.  But I also remember when wings were 25 cents each on tuesdays.  You can still get away with a six dollar dozen of wings so no complaints here.

The salt & pepper wings are the best when they are super hot.  My mouth is watering thinking about them... they sound gross but they are perfect.  Crunchy, flavorful.  We tried the salt & vinegar last night & liked them a lot -- if you're in the mood for tangy, try them out.  I'm also a big fan of salt & vinegar chips sooo that might explain my affection.  Asiago parmesan was also on our list... they were decent.  Not as parmesan-y as I wanted... is that a word?

Our server was alright... he seemed really overwhelmed & it took him a while to take our order.  But then was on top of it.  

If I ask for extra veggies, why does one single sad strip of celery go down on my plate?  Is this some sort of mean Native New Yorker joke?  Just wondering...
I will start off on a bad note! I live 2 miles from this location and ordered food from here for pick up. The person I spoke to said it would be ready for pick up in 20 minutes. So surely I was there 20 minutes on the dot and had my cousin run in for me and pick up the food and the girl at the to-go counter was super rude and unfriendly. Then when we got the food home, everything was completely soggy and cold! It seemed like the pizza was sitting around for about 2 hours, the wings were atrocious and the hot gravy sandwich and fries were also soggy! I've been here many times and love coming here to eat because their food is so good! I was so disappointed that I went to their website and wrote them a complaint about how disappointed I was in there service and that I regret spending $40 on nasty food. The manager called me up two days later apologizing for the mishap and promised that something like this never happens. So, she sent me a $50.00 gc in the mail for all my trouble. I was thankful for that and my cousin and I went back to dine-in and the food was super good as usual. Crispy wings, good appetizers and pizza. I was pleased!
A depressing collision of bad food and worse service. Food served cold and salted beyond being able to consume. The service was worse.  Most of the time I had to get up and wander the restaurant to find our server. This seemed to be the norm here, as none of the servers seemed to want to help. There are several other restaurants in this area. Go to any of them.
I used to LOVE native Native New Yorker, the last few times I've given them another shot and that was the last time I'll step foot into another again. There service SUCKED the server was so rude i had to tell her she was being very rude then kissed my @$$ to make things right which they didn't. Chicken wings came out weren't that great like they used to be. The table was dirty when they sat us and then asked to have it cleaned and that's when the atitdude kicked in. Brought out the apitizer plates and seen that there was old food still on the plate that didn't get washed off. Bad experience i ever had even tried the chandler location off of queen creek and they SUCKED as well !
Native New Yorker has always been just okay for me. I have been to this location only once before and it was not bad. Tonight was not bad but not great. I usually come here for one reason only, to play buzztime trivia with friends and family. I had a burger just a plain cheeseburger with American cheese cooked medium well. It was okay. The curly fries were quite good. I had a blue moon beer with shot of peach schnapps, delicious. The service was not bad. I informed the hostess that we wanted to play trivia when we were first seated and she turned a TV to it right away. The TV was changed in the middle of a game but it was quickly resolved and changed back.

All in all it was an okay visit. The food is nothing to write home about. It is not a place that I would go out of my way to visit but the beer and apps are pretty good. I might be back to play trivia and or watch football at a later date.
First visit last night. Food was good but seemed a bit pricey for what you get. I had the fish taco and thought it was really good. 
May have been because it was Saturday night and there was also a MMA event on TV...but it was loud and we could barely talk at the table. 
I left feeling the food was ok but I certainly would go back when it's not as rowdy in the bar area.
First time here in years........ Food was terrible!!! Last time I'll eat here!!
My family and I love to eat at Native! Tonight the food was great and the service was amazing, Lindsay was our server, she was super attentive and very personable! Excellent dining experience!
We ate here a few months ago and it was so-so. We thought we'd give them another try and found out that sub-par food and sub-par service is the norm. We were there on a Friday evening at 5:15, so no waiting for a table. We asked for a booth but were told none were available, we could see three from the hostess bar, but settled for a table.

It was 10 minutes before our server arrived to take our drink order, a Coke, 2 teas one sweet one unsweetened. The Coke was undrinkable, and we received 2 sweet teas. We got the drinks squared away and ordered the Antipasto salad $9.99 and a large sausage, mushroom, onion pizza $23.

While waiting I observed food being served to the wrong tables, food being returned, and wrong drink orders. Also other tables seated after us were receiving their food.

We ended up waiting 25 minutes for the salad,(we think the server forgot about it) which came with Ranch dressing, menu says Italian. (our sever got us the Italian)  Although listed as an Antipasto this is acutally a chopped salad.Green pepper, green onions, tomatoes, onions, ham all diced topped with sliced pepperoni & shredded mozz and 2 pieces of thin flatbread that were limp and cold. We also had to ask for serving tongs and silverware. She brought us service for 2 not 3.The salad ended up only serving 2 of us anyway. 

The pizza was not good. Overcooked, very thin cardboard crust and hardly any sauce. 

We won't be back. When we left it was packed and people were waiting, why I don't know. There's just too many other great places to eat for the same price than to settle for this.
Went here with several friends from out of town. 
We happend to show up on a "fight night" - but sat on the other side of the resturant. 
Had a party of five, and waited nearly20 minutes for a table. 
(The hostess acted like our party of 5 was the biggest group she's ever heard of, and stated: We have to wait for another huge group to leave to give you there table")  we asked about sitting outside, but because one of our group was pregnant the woman stated "That is where the smokers sit, and I wouldn't feel comfortable seating her there.." which I thought was odd. 

Once we were seated, our waitress was friendly but obviously very busy. 
Forgot drink orders, multiple times, kept setting the rum and coke in front of the pregnant girl, and the regular coke in front of the drinker... which was odd (she did it twice?!) forgot about our desert (after 20 minutes we asked about it... and she ran to the kitchen... said it was burned, and would have to make another... but honestly I think she forgot) 

Then the bill was wrong. 

It was just one thing after another... I recognize they had a special event, and it was very busy - buf if you're going to have your staff working both a special event, and regular food service, you might want to consider hiring extra wait staff. There is NO reason they needed three hostesses... 

I don't think we will be back to this location.
Greatt wings And This Is One Of The Few Locations That Offer The UFC.  I LOVE The FactThey Carry San Tan Brewery Beers
The manger didnt want to a accept a federal ID we decided to leave and not give or money to this location really unprofessional will make a report with the location license and their liquor license if I could give them a negative points I would probably wont be going here anytime soon until.I.get I legit apologize from the manger and the top ppl of.native new york
Hostess is not 'on' it. Waited 5 min before she even acknowledged me. Other than that, seems like a good place to hang.  The food was a bit mediocre.  Nellos is better.
I'm a big fan of natives wings but this location definitely let me down. Went to have dinner there last night with my boyfriend and son. They sat us at a dirty table and took over 15 minutes to even bring us a menu. I ordered 8 wings and they only brought 6 and to top it off, our waitress didn't even bring us our change back for our bill. Did not leave a tip and will not be going back to this location :( Wings tasted great though! lol
So I dropped by this Native New Yorker for a quick bite since my local favorite hang Old Chicago, closed down. I ordered a Bronx Calzone (again missing Old Chicago's) and well... don't bother ordering those here. I swear that the ingredients used were merely packaged cold cuts from a grocery store. However, the service was excellent!!! **Native New Yorker; quit attempting to sell raffle tickets to your poatrons while they are dining and start paying more attention to the kitchen!!
A party of five, we were seated quickly but waited nearly 30 minutes before we decided to walkout. No acknowledgment at all by no one. Very poor customer service and will not return there at all... There are lot of restaurants that are willing to take me monies.
Come on guys get it together! You have a ton of wait staff and just can't seem to make it happen. Waited for drinks for quite a while,  Got food and no silverware.  Then waited for silverware.  Then ended up with two sets of silverware.  As far as food goes......It was ok. Although my daughter in law had some slider burgers that had a lot of bun and not much of anything else. I am going to try it again but my give em a chance meter is running pretty low.
Slowest place ever!!! Had 3 waiters walk by and stare at us without even smiling or greeting us. Took them about 10-15min to come to us. We ordered two drinks and that alone took almost 10 min. We closed out and left. Get it together, that was some BS.
They knew we were upset when we left and got stares and no apology. 

Will never go back.
Bad wait staff with bad attitudes. They'd rather stand in the back with their manager and talk than help their customers. I won't be back and it's a shame because I like the wings.

Maybe a change in Management is in order, You should be on the floor and not hiding in the back.
When did this place turn into a kids karaoke bar ? We used to come here all the time on Saturday nights and have a great time. Now groups of kids sit at tables waiting for their next turn to sing high in their high pitched voices, it's so annoying. Also,  the waiters and waitresses are just hanging out in booths socializing and ignoring their customers. My husband went to the bathroom and came back saying there was a drug deal being done in the bathroom and lines being snorted in the stall. Not going back,  it's a shame.
Service has been great the last two times I have been here. I always order the strawberry hot wings. They are delicious and you will not regret trying them. It sounds like an odd flavor, but be adventurous and reap the rewards. Found that this place is also a great place to keep up with the World Cup. Thumbs up!
Food is random, management scarce it's a so so  place only survives because they offer sports to view while you eat food you could've prepared at home.
The first time I came here was with my cousins and friends. It was a Tuesday afternoon for 35 cents chicken wings. Then we came back for all drinks that were half off price that started 9:30pm till close. There was also a singer and his voice was amazing.
To order chicken wings you have to get a drink

Service is great! Forgot our waitress name, she was awesome. She recommended us Strawberry Shortcake drink and she came in good timing to see how we were doing.

Didn't realize that by 11pm kitchen is close, so no more ordering food.

I'm def. coming back!
Easy quick call. Had a cooooouupppoon lol and they accepted it no problem. 15 mins and it was ready. good deal
We ordered a pizza for pickup, I went into the store to pick it up.  This is CRAZY........  I stood there at the cash register for 5 minutes and watched all the employees running around filling orders, making pizza's etc.  Finally one of the pizza delivery guys asked me if I had been helped, I said "NO, I'm just waiting to pick up my pizza and wings which are sitting right there" he looked at me and started packing up his pizza's for delivery.  So then another 2 minutes goes by and the same guy asked me again if I had been helped, again I said NO!!!!  Then he ignored me, grabbed his pizza's and left.  At this time I still have not been helped, there were 10 employees but no one would acknowledge me!!!!  Finally I got someone's attention and said I have a pickup that has been sitting there that is probably cold, he gave me the pizza and wings but forgot to give me the liter bottle of coke.  Good gosh, drove all the way home and had to go back again and get the soda.

By the way the wings looked and tasted terrible!!!!

Not sure if we will be back.
I've never had a problem with this place - not when I've ordered online, not when I've ordered on the phone, not when I've called an order in, not when I've done carryout, and not when I've done delivery.

Good pizza. Get a coupon and you can get a good deal.
This location is fast and nearby.  I usually order pizza and wings and its always good.  I always order with my phone app and it is easy to use and never had any problems.  When the app says it's ready I go to the store and it is waiting for me.  Staff is friendly and quick. I know that there is better pizza out there but sometimes I don't want to wait long or I just want to stay at home.  Domino's is good for those days.
I have eaten here a couple of times before in my 2 years living in south Chandler. I don't remember my previous experiences but this time I was ready to Yelp.

I went in for Friday lunch and received a decent welcome from the hostess. I was seated promptly and after a few minutes approached by my server. She was cordial and took my order.

The order come out lightning fast, like within a few minutes. I barely got through a newspaper article when it arrived. 

I ordered hot and medium wings. What a disappointment. The wings themselves were below average in quality. I ordered 12 but only ate 3 and ended up taking the rest home, which I ate late that night.

It seemed like forever for my check to arrive - maybe 8-10 minutes after I asked for it. The serve didn't appear to be slammed.

It is a stretch to give it 3 stars and I won't be back. Sidelines across the street is much much better
Great place to go with the kids and with large parties.  Great wings, and you can order as many combos and flavors as you want.  Thursday is .35 wing night!
My entire family loves this place. This place is amazing. This is the go to spot for dinner. I mean that we like this specific location. These people are great. Best wings around. I dislike the new menu, they took the curly fries off, but that's small potatoes ( literally ) Please go here. Be open minded. And ENJOY!!!
I grew up going to the Native New Yorker on Broadway in Tempe. That place is the spot! I thought this place would be as well. I came in here with my date on a Sunday afternoon after church to catch the Cardinals and eat my one of my favorite foods in the world:  Chicken Wings!!! 

First let me say, this place has TV's everywhere you look and we were able to grab a seat right away. I don't normally go to sports bars for Sunday football so something I thought was unique was they labeled all the TV's with signs for which games will be playing on what TV. Good if you're trying to stake your spot for the early morning and afternoon round of games. Service was great, our waitress was attentive and I have no complaints there. 

Where it goes bad is the wings were so sad. I always get "hot" wings, literally the hot favor ones because I likes the spice. They were so dry it looked like they have been reheated in a microwave. Eatable yes, but Native New Yorker quality, no. I understand these are all independently owned, so Mr or Mrs Business Owner, go holla at your franchisor on making better wings. 

Maybe it was an off day, or the cooks were really busy due to the Sunday crowd but for a place known for wings (they have a buffalo in their logo for goodness sakes!) ya'll could do a lil' better on the only reason why I would go to you.
I have been patronizing this location for year, at least once a week with friend and family since we all  live in the neighborhood and love sports.  Recently everything has gone downhill and the quality of food is terrible.  

The wings (something they used to be known for) are awful.  They are not tossed in the sauce, as they used to be.  Now they pile them on the platter and dump the sauce in just one spot, making those couple of wings soggy & inedible.  They have also grown consistently smaller.  They actually served me one wing that was about an inch and a half long.  It looked like it came off a baby chick, rather than a full grown chicken.  Everything tastes like it is just being reheated in the microwave.  

The overall quality of  the food is going down fast, most noticeably with the wings.  The only thing they still manage to do well is pizza.  But, with its host of other problems, is not worth returning for.  

I tried to contact them to provide my group's feedback.  All I got was a system generated email letting me know someone would be contacting me shortly.  I have waited almost 8 weeks, and still have not heard anything.  My friends and family will not be returning to Native New Yorker.
Needed to kill two hours on a Friday afternoon and knew I could not go wrong with a Native NewYorker. Three things appeal to me when coming to one of these franchised restaurants: wifi, beer and wings.

I needed to work (I teach online) and there wifi was spotty at best. First 10 minutes were great and then nothing. Just spun and would not connect. I even told my serve who just shrugged and acted like my needs were not important.

I asked my server what IPAs were on tap and she looked at me like I was speaking Klingon. She had absolutely NO idea what I was saying. I finally had to convince her to go to the bar and write down everything on tap (not only for me but also for the next poor bloke who wanted a drink that evening!). I ordered what she promised to be a Sierra Nevada IPA but definitely tasted like no IPA I ever had before in my entire life (and that's saying a lot). I would've sent it back but she would've been confused even more.

When I got to Native's I like the wings boneless since I am usually doing a work dinner and need clean hands for my laptop. I got my usual honey hot which had absolutely no kick to them and tasted a little like soggy cardboard. Not good at all.

I watched the manager walk around and greet almost every single table around me, but never came over. Ever. I wanted to call him over and tell him my concerns, but I wasn't sure where to start & I just wanted to choke down the cardboard, chug my flat acid and get the hell out of there.
Good place for happy hour. Not much selection of beer and the place does get packed. Try the flat bread and their great selection of wings.
Good wings, good service, great drink specials...great neighborhood spot but I'm reluctant to return until they fix their Internet. Wifi is terrible to non-existent .
Watching football on a Sunday in this day and age needs a reliable internet connection (could not follow my fantasy team). I talked to several people who left at half time because they could not get online. Money walking out the door for what should be a staple for any sports bar.
Went back to NNY for football. I figured since everyone was complaining about the Wifi almost a month later it would be fixed. Talked to the bartender and some friends I know who confirmed it hadn't been touched. Still lots of people complaining. Such a shame because the staff is great, the beer  is cold and the food is good. After 1 quarter my friends and I left along with a few others and went across the street so we could get online. Come on guys even the NFL is wiring 12 stadiums this year for fans to get online at the game. Its money walking out the door.
The food is good, its a great place to, an a great alternative to the Applebee's that doesn't care about customers. 

From the wings to the burgers Native New Yorker is good food. This is not fine dining, and I am not sure since I have not been to New York if it's like food there, but it's good food.

Service is a little lacking at times but nothing to important, instead of getting an extra refill on a soda they might miss it. However the manager walks around and is good to notice and get things right, normally apologizing before you even notice.


I would recommend this place to anyone, great for families as well!
Great food and service, can't go wrong with the wings. Took the fam on a Sunday afternoon, quick service and good atmosphere. Will return again.
I'm writing this as I sit across the street waiting on my food at Toms BBQ. I called Native to order dinner and asked if they had any specials. The girl asked if it was for carry out or eat in. I said carry out, after waiting on hold for a couple minutes she came back and said wings were on special for .55 each. I said ok I will take 20. Then she tells me that is only available for dine in. REALLY?  I told her it was a carry out order in the first place. Your restaurant is only as good as the help you hire and train
...perhaps you should train them a little better.
Disappointing experience. Service was pretty much non existent and food was mediocre. Our server seemed to be annoyed with us needing refills or anything else.
It depends on who you get to serve you.  Make sure you ask not to be waited on by Sweaty Waiter. It is so gross to watch the sweat drop off this guy.  He is so sweaty that he constantly has to push up his glasses.  One time I told the manager about him and told him he shouldn't be waiting tables.  The manager said his hands were tied because Sweaty Waiter was a friend of the owners family.  I told him that the waiter was disgustingly sweaty and he needed to towel off and have extra shirts.  The manager told me he does towel off and change shirts but it doesnt help.  Then later he sent him home and told us he was sweating more than usual because he wasn't feeling well. So gross.
Very long wait to times for mediocre food. I know the server was busy, but it took 20 min after we got our beer to order food. I had to flag her down.
The mandarin wings were basically deep fried, over cooked, then drenched in sauce. The lime rub wings were bland. Wings out of store bought box are much better.
Beer was good , but how can you mess that up. Native NY used to be 'the bomb' -now this place simply bombs.
Went to dinner there as you came in there was a banner for advertisement that draped in front of door that wasnt tied down. Customers had to avoid it coming in and going out.Decor could be brightened
up. Dark in the bar booth area more than normal. 
Dining area was open. Service was fine and we were seated immediately. The food was middle of road. 
I had cobb salad and my wife a chicken sandwich.
The chicken in my cobb was dry but overall ok but nothing special. My wife's chicken was tender but sauce was very spicey. It was a disappointment since we were expecting a better than average meal. The prices were reasonable.
What happened to Native?  I have been going here since 1990.  The wings are so small and lack meat.  The price is ridiculous $.85/wing.  I went the other day with the family.  I will not be going back.
We l-o-v-e their Reuben sandwich. The last two visits, the service was good; friendly and timely. Reubens are the bomb. lol Enough meat for two sammies!
We got an order of Hot Garlic and an order of Hot & Sweet.  The wings were very skinny, fatty, greasy, and to make it worse, they didn't put enough sauce so I ended up adding some Kraft BBQ sauce I had at home.  

The fries were pretty mushy, greasy, and tasteless.  

And to finish it off, both of us got food poisoning!!   I noticed that when they were serving them, a couple of wings fell on the kitchen counter and they just put it right in my box.  When I saw that I was crossing my fingers that the kitchen counter would have been as clean as their mixing bowls, but maybe that was not the case.  

DEFINETLY NOT COMING BACK.
We tried this place again and it was disappointing.  The wings were not only extremely greasy which may not be a bad thing to some, but salty beyond salty..it was the worst wing experience my wife has ever had.  The fries were no frills either, over seasoned.  This is a must NOT try place.

And even better, they did have some orders coming in over the phone, but we were the only people there at the time and ordered our food to eat in and they forgot about us, so needless to say when they realized our order was not a pick up but a eat in, it seemed like the wings were dumped into the oil again to warm them up and then over seasoned. Really???  Only 2 people working there with only 1 table in the store and you can't get it right......this is the WRONG place to visit....
Seriously, I love this place. Cute little restaurant next to Spicy Pickle, I have always wanted to go in but I kept forgetting. My boyfriend and I come in and get the 20 piece large French fries and two drinks combo and its so satisfying! He got the buffalo hot wings (which he loved and if he loves it then you know its good) and I got the Polynesian (I'm not much of a spicy person) and they were both flavorful and delicious. The lady there was so nice too! She was working alone and people kept coming in and she still did her best to help us with everything we needed. I suggest everyone should come and try them! When I get a craving for some wings, I come here. It is so good!
Aptly named, Wings Restaurant features...wings.  And not just any wings, these are some of the best I've had, period.  I got the BBQ and teriyaki sauces on the 10-piece order and it was delicious; the outside was crispy and the sauce was not too overpowering, although the wings themselves are a little on the small side.  (The fries are nice and greasy, too.)  I still think the Chicken Shack is the best place for big wings, although they are the coated variety, so I guess it doesn't quite count.  This place is pretty decent for the traditional kind, though.  I will definitely come back and partake of the BBQ and teriyaki flavors again; they were fantastic.
The wings were decent but the staff seemed bothered.  The place has a funky smell to it and they left the front door open so it was cold.
Winging it, and should have flown away.

Tried this place today, and got here at about 5:00 pm. I was the only one here.

1.  Service - Not bad when you are the only one here. However, the servers must be busy, because there is a ton of grease on their shirts. I may suggest to wear aprons however.

2.  Selection - Very nice - good choice of sauces, flavors, spice levels, fries, chicken fingers, boneless and basic wings.

3.  Size of wings - Well, we all know that Grade A USDA Wings are plump and very meaty "well to moderately fleshed".  We also know that Grade B wings have a sufficient amount of flesh to prevent a thin appearance.  Guess what, we got a B here. You want your humans beings Grade B, and your wings Grade A.  COME ON FOLKS.....

4.  Price - The price for 50 wings is 29.99 which is not bad, if it were grade A wings. you  would expect 50 wings to be somewhat heavy, I felt as if I was holding a bunch of ballons. Served in a generic container in a generic bag, not sure how this helps with their branding.

6.  Taste - edible!  The polynesian style had an odd dark color, yet the flavor was acceptable.  The Garlic Parmesan, well, there was garlic taste and parmesan taste, just unfortunately a smattering and not well covered.

7.  Tables - Plenty of room in this place, you can sit and eat as well. Odd that people just walk in and out of the back room without any uniform or acknowledgement. You don't know who works here or not.  I don't plan to eat in anytime soon, a bit dodgy if you ask me.

Overall, I would say that for a  hungry person, these wings are definitely acceptable and you can compare it to ordering a hamburger at McDonalds. Compared to In and Out of Five guys, there is no comparison, however, it is certainly edible.  Hey, if you need 500 wings, this is the place to try.
Way below average.  They forgot half my order. The wings were small and not meaty. The sauces were not tasty.  We couldn't even tell which sauce was which after tasting them. The prices were decent for wings, but not these wings. Don't think people who gave this restaurant a good review have ever had a wing before.  Best part of the meal was the coleslaw. Maybe that's what they should rename the restaurant.
I was skeptical due to previous reviews, but I was at the door and it was the only open place nearby. The staff was pleasant and friendly, walk me through the menu and offered combo suggestions. They even offered sauce samples to try-out before placing my order. The wings were great. The "Hot & Sweet" flavor was great. Good price standpoint. They charge by pound, not by pieces. Approximately 7 to 8 wings per pound (big wings). Will definitively come back.
Maybe it was the 15 minute wait for the freshly fried wings.  Maybe it was the business plan I was conveyed by the nice young lady behind the counter who informed of the four locations in the valley (that I have never seen aside from this one).  Maybe it was the hard sell of "our most popular flavors" that fell way short.  Maybe it was the structure of pricing wings BY THE POUND. Or maybe because it was EMPTY when I walked in.

This is your average wing shack.  Better than Flavor Flav's House of Horrors, but certainly not a top shop.  Maybe I will try another visit to see if their other flavors aside from Buffalo, Lemon Pepper and Garlic Parmesan can appease my tastebuds.
Don't bother and fly away...that's my recommendation!!!! 

My girlfriend and I Picked up a sandwich from next door (JImmy John..not bad) thought we would complement it with an order of wing. She went and got the sandwich while I ordered the wings.

Walked in to two people sitting there waiting for there order, or should I say pacing! Warning one!!

You order by the pound, not by the quantity. How many chicken wings in a pound? We'll come to find out, couldn't get a precise answer...somewhere between 6-10 I was told. 
Warning two!!

Girlfriend comes back with sandwich 10 minutes later..long line she says, sorry it took awhile! People in front of me still pacing. 
Warning three!!

10 min later peeps in front finally get their order, still waiting for mine. Meantime notice  wings go in, no scale, wings come out, no scale? Didn't I buy by the pound??? Warning four!!!

Finally get my order! For the record..I got 7...for $7..hmm you do the math!! I ask for blue cheese, not ranch please. Oh no I'm told, you only get wings..sauce is extra..Really??

Flew the coop...never to return!!!
Our experience was not good. The wings are large in size, but they are drenched in (hot) sauce that's not so great and the garlic parmesan, talk about greasy... it pooled at the bottom of the wax paper. We tried a dry rub and it was no better.
This place ok, just ok, the wings were ok, the fries were ok, nothing to write home about. The prices were not so great either. Also its a thing with me, a wing joint should not charge extra for blue cheese dressing or for celery/carrot sticks. All in all there are better wings out there, now go and find them! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Was told by the old asian lady (who by was a very nice lady) at the counter that these will be the best wings I have ever had. Needless to say I was underwhelmed. I don't know if my expectations were high or if they were just that mediocre. It was worth a try, but I won't be coming back.
My wife and I were hungry and at my request we settled for WINGS. Instead of going to the awesome sandwich shop next door. (I forget the name) we entered the door of "WINGS".
Yes the asian lady is kind and does a history lesson and a hard sell of the fare they provide. I just don't see it!
The other reviews say negative points over the last year or so. Doesn't this lady read these?
HOT HOT temperature of the GREASE Coated wings.
No paper plates for normal meal eating.
My wife thought the coleslaw was safe, but.... NO! 
A TV played a peoples court show just above our heads. I guess it's best to get take out but even then you're still stuck with the grease bag.
Saw a bunch of negative reviews and was skeptical to try, even just to critique. I was positively surprised with some of the best wings anywhere in this area. 
Jumbo-sized wings that you dont see anywhere, and cooked perfectly crispy, just as requested.
The 'Original Buffalo Wing' sauce which is considered 'Medium' on their scale was regular wing sauce and was the mildest of mild. Not a bad thing at all for those that prefer mild, but I was looking for a lot more spice with a 'Medium'.

Overall the wings were the best quality that I have tried anywhere in South Vegas/Henderson, when researching Wings for a Best Wings website.
I love wings.  Living in North Carolina, I used to have wings at least a couple of times a week.  These wings are really the best I've ever had.  I usually order the garlic parmesan wings.  They are crispy, juicy, and full of garlic parmesan flavor as described.  I've tried garlic parmesan at other places such as Wing Stop, BWW, Chicken Shack, Wing Street/Pizza Hut, just to name a few and this place is my #1 go to spot for wings.  Despite the negative reviews, you have to try this place before you say no!
I went in around 3:30 today and there was only one person besides myself eating in. 

The specials are written on a white board and seem somewhat decently priced, the look however seems very sloppy and the specials were a little hard to read. 

I ordered the 8 boneless wing special with a drink and fries for $8.43 with a Cajun hot flavor. 

I was a little perturbed that the woman asked me multiple times what drink I wanted and still didn't give it to me until my wings were finished (guess they try to avoid having to give you a refill before your food is done). 

I took my order to go, the fries were absolutely terrible, they were soggy and wet, and a weird dark brown color. Also I found their blue cheese to be very watery and bland. 

The best part of the order was the wings, I'm not used to a dry rub but these were pretty good and seasoned very well. These don't seemed fried like normal wings, and the spice I picked wasnt as spicy as I expected since it got a 4/5 rating on the spice chart. 

All in all I appreciate small businesses and admire the people who take the chance to start them. I think with some small changes this place can be really good. If you're in the mood for wings, that's all I would order from this place.
Worst wings and strips I have ever had. How can someone mess up wings and strips. I should say the highlight was the Pepsi. Warning one the menu on the wall has been taped over. You can tell they have dropped quantity and raised prices. So in other words they are not making money. I just ate one strip and one wing an threw the rest of my 20 dollar meal away. I'm hoping I don't get food poisoning. The strips were not done, the wings had zero flavor. The fries were greasy and flaccid. I HIGHLY recommend you don't go here, ever!
I came with my girl friend and tried some wings and fingers , everything was fantastic 

I was skeptical about coming but as I thought this place was great , service was fast pace and professional and food was made fresh. 
I am I big wing guy and often visit many spots around the Valley 
Hamburger hut 
Chicken shack 
Wingstop 
Wings and things 
That's just some of my favorites 

Overall I'll recommend this spot to friends and family !
The wings are super goooood. My favorite is the cajun flavor. They also have the best seasoned fries. Im so addicted. However although the owner lady is really nice, they refuse to take orders over the phone, like they will take it but not make it until you get there so that they are fresh. Thats nice and all but the point was to avoid the wait. I have mentioned this before but it hasnt worked. Aside from that, I will continue to come back, the wings are always cooked to perfection.
It was just ok. I dropped by for lunch and got a pound of wings to split with my brother. It wasn't great but they weren't bad. I've had better hot wings. When they are this big, I really like them more crispy.  They were a bit mushy. Flavor was ok. Again,  not bad but not good. Service was ok. It was pretty clean. Would I return?  If a friend was paying I might try them out again and request extra crispy.
The menu board is hard to read. The wings are sold by the pound. They don't include carrots and celery or ranch or blue cheese. Those are extra $$.  They are big pieces but I didn't enjoy the flavor. My husband didn't like them either. I was hungry so I ate several but woke up in the middle of the night and got sick.
Driving to the library I noticed a white banner advertising the opening of another new restaurant on W. Sahara Ave (same strip mall as Swish).  So I decided to give The Las Vegas Grille (former site of CJ Texas BBQ) a try on my way back.  

The restaurant looks spacious, tables are not crowded together, and the chalkboard menu looks beautiful, and there is a big smoker near the cashier.  It is a barbecue restaurant with a menu that can be categorized into the following major groups: barbecue meats, handmade sausages, meatballs, and sandwiches made from barbecue meats or meatballs, salads, side items, and desserts. 

The lady at the counter plus all the staff at the restaurant were all very nice.  As this was my first visit, it took me awhile to look at the entire menu, but they were patient and offered suggestions to help me decide on what to try.  I was thinking about the St. Louis BBQ Ribs, but ultimately went with the 4 Meats 3 Sides Combo, which consisted of Beef Sirloin, BBQ Chicken with Pineapple Ginger Jerk Sauce, Applewood Roasted Herb Crusted Pork Loin, and Handmade Sausage (Artisan's Bratwurst)  for the meats, and Bavarian Potato Salad, Rainbow Slaw and Rotini Pasta Salad for the sides.  Before I was done with my meal, I also ordered all three of their meatballs (Arisan's Fusion Meatball made with beef and pork, Sweet & Sour Hawaiian made with pork, beef and ham, and finally the Southwest Green Chile Meatball made with chicken and turkey).

As long as I can remember, I have always enjoyed charcuterie items, from Taiwanese and Chinese sausages to artisan German and Italian sausages and hot links from the South.  After culinary school and having had the opportunity to attend a master's class on charcuterie taught by CMC Fritz Sonnenschmidt (master chef, author and leading authority on the subject), I learned to appreciate it even more.  And out of all the items I ordered, I would say that their Artisan Bratwurst was my favorite.  It is also very healthy, as far as cured meat products goes, as they do not use nitrites, nitrates or MSG in their curing process, instead they utilized a high heat smoke curing method.  The result is sausages that have a nice flavor, good smokiness, and not overly salty.

The Applewood Roasted Herb Crusted Pork Loin was also very good.  It has the nice smoke ring, indicative of true barbecue, and the pork was still juicy and packed with flavor.  Undoubtedly, it would be great in a sandwich as well.

The BBQ Chicken with Pineapple Ginger Jerk Sauce has nice flavor, but was a little on the dried side.  The White Oak Roasted Beef Sirloin was okay, it definitely has the smoky flavor, but was otherwise too much on the well done and dried side for me to appreciate or enjoy it.

The meatballs were pretty good. Served as it, it is too salty for me (but my personal preference leans towards less salt), but serve it in a sandwich it will be just right.

I like restaurants that strive to serve healthier and more natural foods, and this place definitely does that!  Although they do not make their own breads, they do sourced them from a local artisan bakery (Great Buns Bakery), which makes a good pretzel bread.

Overall, it is a good barbecue restaurant that can be even better with more fine tuning.  And personally I would be here just for their sausage sandwiches, which currently is available in the following selections: Artisan's Bratwurst, Italian Fennel Sausage, Keilbasa Polska, Kids Beef Frankfurter, Mediterranean Sun-dried Tomato, and New Mexico Chile.

Food:  3/5  Some items are super good, while others were okay.

Price:  3/5  Reasonable.

Ambiance and decor:  3/5  Spacious arrangement, minimally decorated restaurant with a giant shinny barbecue smoker right inside the restaurant, staffed by friendly restaurant personnel. 

Location:  West side, just down the street from the car dealerships on W. Sahara Ave.

Parking:  4/5  Plentiful parking.

Cleanliness:  5/5  New, and kept in pristine condition by the restaurant staff.

A-OK!
I have the great fortune to work but a block from The Las Vegas Grille. Having spent most of my life in KY and NC I thought I had experienced the finest BBQ there was to have, I was beyond wrong!

This fine new restaurant on W. Sahara and Buffalo has humbled my preconceived notions of fine smoked meats. I must confess that my notion of smoking pork, chicken or beef began and ended with hickory and mesquite, never knew what I never knew. 

I have been working my way through the menu, finely handwritten on chalkboards above the counter. First with the amazing ribs, and now I have been experimenting with the sandwiches. I hate to borrow slogans but when it comes to having it "your way" you have but to ask. The polite and extremely knowledgeable staff has opened a new chapter in my culinary book. 

The meat offerings are simple, but masterfully diverse. Ribs, beef, chicken, (Turkey/Chicken), Fish! These fine chefs have found ways of merging, blending, and meticulously seasoning these meats to arrive at a symphony of options, an art form, that is complimented by a decor that is comforting, and yet as subtly nuanced as the food! 

Let's talk sausage: Before The Las Vegas Grille--- Kielbasa or bob evans. Now my world has been opened up with the prospects of the New Mexico Chile. 

Meatballs, abashedly I have to admit, that my experience began and ended with Subway. Whether you like just a meatball or a meatball sandwich, I have sampled all, and I can't decide which i like the best, but as a sandwich none were too anything, (salty, smokey etc...) Just left me wanting more...

I found my golden ticket at this restaurant. Endless ways of designing a fine dining culinary experience at a price which is beyond reasonable! I would happily try to say which is my favorite dish, but my answer would be just YES!

I live in Henderson, and commute to work as I must, I now wake up on my days off and gladly make the drive to try something new. 

By all means make your way to this place, take a moment, allow your paradigms of BBQ to melt away and just try it. In my opinion the Chefs at The Las Vegas Grille offer cuisine that is only limited by your own imagination. It is obvious that meticulous preparation and contemplation has gone into every  house made entree. 

For any non local, it would be well worth a trip off strip for this "Fine" dining with a unique flair! This restaurant proves the diversity and ingenuity that is the "Real" Las Vegas experience!
Eating at the Las Vegas Grille was like watching the first season of the Simpsons.  Very, Very rough around the edges but you can tell there is a lot of potential there.

My first visit to this new entry on the Westside dining scene was on a Saturday night and I found the place to be more on the empty side.  I attribute this to a an odd location within a non-descript strip mall on Sahara.  I was impressed however with the gigantic electric smoker they have staring down at you as you walk through the doors.  The menu immediately strikes you as shouting "not your typical bbq place."  Sure they offer standards like Ribs & Chicken, but they also have a selection of fresh made sausages, meatballs and other non-traditional bbq meats like pork loin.  You can order the meats a la carte, in sandwich form as as combo.   Rather than bore everyone with the fine details of the meal, here were the highlights:

-The side options are phenomenal.  Not only do the offer a unique variety, everything we had was top notch.  I absolutely loved the Bavarian Potato Salad (no mayo, with vinegar) and the Red Cabbage.  
-The Kielbasa on the pretzel roll was tasty, large, and a definite value at 7.99
-The pork loin and sirloin were both captured the essence of properly smoked meats.  I could tasted the rich earthy taste that smoking gives meat.
-The guys running the place seem passionate about making the restaurant into something great.  They were friendly and genuinely wanted us to understand their menu.
-Prices were reasonable for a meat joint.

But there were some lowlights as well:

-The ribs had a great rub on them, the sauce was tasty but there was very little meat.  By that I mean they give you a fair number of ribs per se, they just use really small ribs. 
-Speed of service.  You order at a counter giving the impression the food will be coming out relatively fast, yet we waited 1 minutes despite their being only one other table.  Im all for waiting for quality, but let the customers know that it might take that long and perhaps offer free biscuits or cornbread....just a thought.

I really liked a number of things at the Las Vegas Grille, but you can tell they still haven't found their feet yet.  I hold out high hopes for them because its always good to see the Vegas dining scene diversify with unique choices.  My 3 stars represents a restaurant in their first month, but it certainly doesnt capture all the potential that is there.

The Simpsons were able to refine their show before they got canceled, lets hope the Las Vegas Grille can do the same!
Amazing BBQ!!!  Seems like everything is fresh and made right there! And they have a smoker!!  I had the ribs and homemade sausage! Melts in your mouth!! Nothing else come close the the Las Vegas Grill!!!!  You wont be disappointed...!!
My husband and I were so hungry and was craving for some bbq. We had to stop at the first place that had it to eat and we came across Las Vegas Grille. We ordered the combo that had 3 meat and 2 sides to share bec we didn't want to end up ordering a lot and not liking it and we were Right! I felt like they just slapped the sauce on the meat and didn't care to marinate it. It seems like Everything they served there was prepared the night before. The potato salad was so cold Im pretty sure it was served straight out from the fridge not chilled and fresh! I felt like I was eating at a cheap cafeteria. I can make better food then the food served here. And their bbq sauce!!! Tastes like they bought it from a grocery store! The soda another disappointment is flat. They should change that soda machine i bet its old, i wasted my money and time.
I wish I could give this 2 reviews.  One would be for the ribs - which I thought were just awful and would have given them 1 star.  Weird tasting - bad mix of vinegar and spices that just tasted weird in the mouth.  I really can't identify all the things going on with the flavor there but it was not good.  Also, the meat was ok in some places but just tough in others.  I think it's more a function of the meat they bought than the cooking - maybe baste it more when cooking.

But.....the sausage there is pretty awesome.  I'd give that 4 stars.  The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 is because the rolls they serve them with aren't anything special.  I think pretzel rolls from Great Buns which were bland as is most of Great Buns stuff.  Tried the Fennel and Kielbasa sausages.  Both had great flavor, weren't too salty, and were nice and tender.  They make them in house and it's obvious the folks there have a passion for food.

Next time will try the meatballs.

Oh yeah....their potato salads were, like the other food, hit and miss.  The red potato salad was not good as it was undercooked.  Potatoes ended up raw and that is not good.  However, the Bavarian potato salad was pretty awesome.  It's a 5 star potato salad in my book.  I might just get some of that to go next time.

This place has the potential to be a 4 or 5 star bbq place.  It's more a gourmet BBQ than the normal crap we get here in Vegas.  That's a good thing.  If they just worked on the ribs it'd be 4 stars easy.  

I hope this place sticks around.  The prices are reasonable too and the service very good.  Nice guys and think as they continue to refine they will do quite well.
Really it's more like a 3.5, but the sirloin was really tender although maybe it could have been a little warmer.  I would order again, but I think I would have them substitue the aioli for a BBQ sauce.  I want to try the ribs at some point and hopefully they'll be good.
This new restaurant opened recently, and it's the best kept secret in LV! I had the 2 meats and a side deal... got ribs, bbq chicken, potatoes and a drink for $10! I would have payed twice that for the quality of food I received. I highly suggest dining here. Even better if you have a lot of people with you because you can taste more for less. There is not really anything to compare it to in Vegas. Not the normal BBQ, but more like what I would picture a BBQ restaurant in Europe to taste like. Excellent!!!
I was REALLY pulling for this place.  The sandwich I had Monday was really decent and held a lot of promise.  I got the three meat with ribs, chicken, and sirloin.  DRY DRY DRY DRY DRY.  I don't know how long the chicken and ribs were in the heater, but long enough for the chicken to be SUPER dry and partially translucent. The ribs were the same thing.  The sirloin had a vinegary taste to it which I didn't get when I had the sandwich.  

Highlights:  I did like the rainbow slaw and the pineapple jerk sauce was pretty tasty.  Very friendly staff.
Dealt with this place on 2 different occasions. First time we went in and had a nice meal, the homemade sausages are awesome. The Pretzel bread was OK and didn't compliment the sausages at all. A nice soft white roll would have been better. My wife is extremely picky and basically requested a custom made sandwich, which they made without issue and she loved it. Tons of meat on her sandwich, she only ate half and took the rest home. We also took home 2 different desserts and munched them later. OHHH so tasty!

This past weekend I had more of their cuisine at a catered event and really enjoyed almost all I ate. The red potato salad just rubs me the wrong way, but others at the party raved about it. I personally thought the pasta salad was fabulous. Ribs, chicken and sausages were awesome. The sausages went so fast, I mean in mere minutes and there was a LOT of them. I ate some left overs today and the ribs and chicken were still outstanding. 

Their food is good and I love the way they play with the flavors. If they keep it up, this place will be top notch.
Went for dinner
Had a loaded chicken  salad
It wasn't really loaded
It had mix greens 4 cucumber slices and four tomato slices. The salad dressing was the best part.
Loved, loved, loved the Smoked Salmon sandwich on ciabatta bread. The jerk sauce is also very good and spicy.  The barbeque was also good.
The Sirloin sandwich could become a definite addiction for me. The bread was golden, the meat juicy and the cheese was gooey! I had to eat the second half of the sandwich with a fork and knife because all of the juice! It is crave worthy in my book ! I absolutely loved the Bavarian Potato Salad it was nice and zingy. This may not be for those who like a creamy potato salad but their Red Potato salad on their menu is equally delicious! 

Their Mega Apple Tart wasn't mega in size but it was in taste! Loved the mixture of the apple , caramel and ice cream! I can't vouch for everything else on the menu but I will happily  stand behind the sandwich !
I first tried the ribs, and i was anxious because i am a expert in ribs. I was very underwhelmed. The ribs sauce was decent but the meet tasted like they were boiled, lightly smoked then warmed. Now they did fall off the bone, however they lacked flavor. The ambiance seems as if they are trying to mix a bbq joint with high class. Doesnt work. 

So i went back for a second time and tried the ribs on a different day, same results

I knew it was a bit suspect when i read the name of the place. No real bbq place has las vegas and grille in the name.
I've always passed this place on the road so decided to stop in for dinner one night.  It was a Wednesday night and NO ONE was in the place... so my friend and I were the only patrons at the time.  The staff was very friendly and helpful while we looked over the fairly large menu until we decided.

I had the sirloin sandwich on sourdough with a side of red potato salad.  The sandwich was OK in my book... nothing great but not horrible.  It was a tad bit on the greasy side and could have used a little more flavor (maybe a sauce of some sort?) I chose the red potato salad over the Bavarian potato salad because the guy at the counter told me the red was more on the creamy side while the Bavarian was more on the tangy side.  But to me the red was still too tangy for my taste and not creamy enough.

So overall, this place was just mediocre for me.  For the price and quality of food, I feel you can get better elsewhere.  This place can be passed. NEXT!
I have been to the Las Vegas grille three times. I have had the salmon sandwich, pork, sirloin, and home made sausage. 

I recommend this restaurants as one of my favorites in town. 
I would also recommend to look over the menu thoroughly there is a lot to choose from. 

I like try something different every time.
Our first visit to Las Vegas Grille was a pleasant surprise:  the food was delicious!    I like my ribs dry and not dripping with barbecue sauce, and these were just like that, but moist, tender, and meaty.  The chicken, smoked over pecan wood, had a delectable smoky flavor.  Everything on the menu is smoked on the premises.

A few nights ago I made sausage and peppers, using Trader Joe's turkey sausage; even though we ate it for two nights, we hated the sausage's mushy consistency and lack of flavor.  At LVG, the turkey sausage was firm, spicy, and delicious.  

I loved the mixed bean side dish - none of that overly-sweet, gloppy canned baked beans here. And the salad was a very fresh, nice mix of spring greens and iceberg lettuce, with a phenomenal homemade balsamic dressing.

I wish Las Vegas Grille a long and successful tenure on Sahara, and hope the road construction will end soon, so that people can find it more easily.
We went to the Las Vegas Grille for the first time and were very happy we went.  The owner Phil was there and he was very helpful telling us all about the different types of food at the grille and was very friendly. There were a large assortment of food to try.  We started with a very fresh salad and two types of potato salad which were good.  The ribs we had were superb, they had a great taste, moist and meaty and fell off the bone.  They were not fatty like you get at most places.  The chicken was juicy.  We had chicken and turkey sausages that were good.  I always check the bathrooms and this one was nice and clean.  That says a lot about the place and how the owners take care of it.  We were very happy and will come again.
A 2.5 rating would be most appropriate.  Business was very slow with only one other table occupied during our entire stay.  The owner explained that everything is made in-house and each meat is smoked by choosing an appropriate variety of wood such as apple, pecan, hickory etc.  We ordered a platter of 4 meats and 3 sides choosing  rack of ribs w/a spicy pineapple sauce, New Mexico chili sausage, tri tip and pork loin.. Our side dishes were Bavarian potato salad, rainbow slaw and spicy beans.  The ribs and sausage were excellent while we both felt the pork loin and tri tip were dry.  None of the side dishes distinguished themselves.
I don't really get the bad reviews for this place, I love it! I've been twice so far, once for a special event and once for dinner, and definitely intend to go more often. 
The staff: super sweet guys, happy to answer questions you may have, quick and attentive. 
The owner: also really friendly, and is really passionate about his food. He really wants to know how your food is, so that he can keep on improving the quality and introduce more flavors. 
The price: very reasonable, especially on the in house made sausages; you can easily spend about $10 or less on your meal here, and leave full.
Things I've tried:
Mediterranean Sundried Tomato, made with turkey and chicken. A nice firm sausage, filled with flavor. 
Thai Chile: my favorite! A little spicy, tender, this one just bursts in the mouth with flavor. I love this stuff!
Artisan's Fusion Meatball - Beef & Pork: meatball in a wine sauce, pretty good, definitely worth trying.
Hawaiian Meatball - Pork Beef & Ham: my favorite meatball, tender and meaty smokey flavor, surrounded by a deliciously sweet Hawaiian pineapple sauce. 
Southwest Green Chile Meatball - Chicken & Turkey: a tasty meatball with a mexican marinara sauce on top. Nom!
Sides I've had: Red Potato Salad, and Bavarian Potato Salad. Bavarian is the one I like the most. 
Sausages and meatballs are made in house, no msg, no nitrates or nitrates, and relatively low in fat, making this a pretty healthy place to eat, and good too.
One of my favorite Vegas restaurants so far!
One word.....Amazing. 
The owner, Phil, was really friendly. I dont understand how people could rate this place so low. The price was slightly a little high but it was worth the extra dollar. You have to go this restaurant and try it for your self. Because some of the reviews on yelp has to be false. Great healthy meal.
Been DYING to come back here after Misti's wonderful CMYE at LVG last month.  The restaurant.com coupon made the meal even better although $35 worth of food for 2 is basically a buffet at the table :P

LVG has the best ribs I've eaten in Las Vegas.  It's true!  I'm all about St. Louis style ribs now and on the verge of texting baby back ribs to tell them we're through.  The juicy tenderness and smokey flavor make them truly unbeatable.

That's not the only thing that's awesome here.  Thai green curry sausage!!  Amazing.  Phil's a genius!  Not me but the owner haha.  The bbq chicken is also super good.  The breast was actually juicier than the thigh somehow.  The red cabbage, red potato salad and pasta salad sides accompanied all the meats perfectly with the pasta being our top favorite of the 3.  

We were on senior citizen time and ate dinner around 4pm so we were the only ones in there.  We chatted it up with Phil for a good part of the dinner and he informed us of some great new additions to the menu coming up in December like prime rib and double smoked ham.  Like you needed more of a reason to come here...more of a reason to come here everyday!!!
This is a hard review to write.  Not because I don't know what to say, or how to say it.  No, this is a hard review to write because all I will be thinking about for the rest of the day is The Las Vegas Grille's BBQ.  After trying Phil's homemade sausages, I feel like every sausage I've had up to this point has been a lie.  These are the links you've been looking for.

The sausages here are truly homemade, from the grinding to the smoking.  Phil, Las Vegas Grille's owner, has absolute control over his final product.  The first half of the equation is what to put inside the sausage.  The other half is the wood he uses to smoke the meat.  It may be cliche to say "quality over quanity," but it totally applies here!  The easy way out would be to throw all of your different meats into the smoker, and cook them all at the same time, which would give a similar flavor profile to all the meats.  Instead, Phil takes care to pair each meat with a specific type of wood and smoke them separately.  Longer process?  Yes.  More unique and distinct flavors?  Absolutely!

My favorites have been the Thai Curry sausage and the Sundried Tomato sausage.  Yes, they really do taste like curry and sundried tomatoes, and have an awesome smoked flavor as well.  In my pre-LVG life I would have said that sausages came in two varieties: plain or spicy.  Phil has opened the door to artisan sausages, and there is no turning back.  Sausage sandwiches?  Not no more.  You don't need bread interfering with what these sausages offer. 

You can also order combos and get different meats for your meal.  On my most recent visit I went with a 2-meat 1-side combo for $9.99: Thai Curry Sausage, Sirloin with red wine sauce, and herb roasted potatoes (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DO3FefiMYiPYsEl6O8W2dw?select=-lGXHtFOQ8wCSmeD3YE8dA).  The sirloin was oh so tender and came with a swiss and horseradish aioli.  I found myself using a lot of the aioli, as the red wine sauce on the sirloin was a bit sweet for my tastes.

Excellent experience all around.  Friendly service that will walk you through the menu.  Be sure to talk to Phil to truly see what makes this place so special.  One of his newest menu items are smoked chicken wings, which I haven't tried yet.  Looks like I'll be making another trip to The Las Vegas Grille real soon...
Hmm... I dont know why my first review was taken off. But All i know is that this place is awesome.
First time here, and was amazed. This place smokes everything in house including Chicken Wings! My only regret is I ate to much. Come hungry and be prepared to try something new. One of the most unique "barbecue" places we've ever been to!
Like most BBQ joints this place is great for low carb diets, they sell the meats by the lb.  We had the full rack of spare ribs with the jerk / pineapple  BBQ sauce.
         1/2 lb of  beef sirloin  with red wine jus, New Mexico green Chile sausage and rainbow slaw.
          The ribs were very tender and flavorful.  The jerk / pineapple sauce had a little heat with a touch of sweetness. 
          Beef sirloin was the surprise , I do a little bbq'ing myself and I never thought of using sirloin, not enough fat . These guys pull it off very nicely. It was moist and tender , 
           The New Mexico Chile sausage was my least favorite , I guess I am to use to the  mass produced sausages that are grind to a paste and more tender. These were more roughly ground and not as tender as I like ,but this is a personal preference.
             My wife who is from Texas and grew up eating sausages that are made in house loved these, so I defer to her.   
             The service was good, the restaurant was scary empty meaning I hope they survive because they can smoke some meat !!!
This place is amazing.  I like to think of myself as somewhat of a foodie, and the ribs and sausage are world class.   The restaurant is clean/nice with great tvs.  I wish I found it sooner but glad its in the rotation now.  Thanks guys.
My buddy and I were leaving back to LA and we wanted to try a new place off the Vegas strip so we drove down Sahara and stumbled upon the Vegas Grille. I sincerely mean it when I say that this is the best BBQ I have ever had! Staff was friendly and food was great and reasonably priced! In my opinion, it definitely beats all the fancy expensive BBQ restaurants!
Yummy BBQ. Good quality at a reasonable price.
I did the unthinkable....I ordered a salad at a BBQ joint.  Go ahead and judge me, I deserve it.   Luckily my friend went with the Bratwurst, and that is part of the reason The Las Vegas Grille gets high marks from this guy.  (thumbs pointed to myself)


The Bratwurst (made in house) had great flavor and that crisp snap you look for in the best sausages.  I come from Chicago, and in the midwest, our blood is 4% sausage to start with, so I know what I'm talking about here.  

The Salad here shouldn't even be on the menu, since all the other smoky delights clearly trump a plate of greens.  

The salad itself was a plate stacked high with lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, and white onion.  I added roasted chicken which was just so/so.  The creamy vinaigrette was great though, but I'm sure you could find something a bit meatier to dip in it.  My big beef about the salad, is that there is no way to dress and toss the salad at the table without making a huge mess.  I don't know why restaurants keep commiting this herbivorous sin.  I ended up just dipping various lettuce and chicken in the dressing.  It was healthy but very disappointing.  


Let's be realistic though, you don't go to a BBQ place and get a salad, you come here for a heaping mound of protein, a slight case of the meat sweats, and a feeling of accomplishment (yes you did just eat that whole plate).
I don't live in the neighborhood but had a business appointment really close.  I'd been here several months ago and remembered the service so I drove right to it. 

The pineapple jerk chicken has just enough kick to get you going and the veggies are simply delish!  With respect to service,  Phil welcomes each guest as they walk in the door with a big smile and huge charisma.  He even remembered me from the last time!

Whether you live in the neighborhood or not, the Las Vegas Grille is worth the drive!
Went there last night for dinner and the food was awesome! The Italian fennel sausage, smoked chicken wings and sautéed vegetables were outstanding. Service was great too.  We'll definitely be back!
The wings are to die for here! The salads are good too! The smoked sausages taste good also!!
I was told by Bobby Y to try the Whole chicken here... And I'm glad I did, it was
Fantastic... The jerk sauce, the chicken was juicy, great food here.  I have found my Vegas spot for BBQ finally.

One of the owners Phil is very helpful, you can tell they put pride in their food.

Come here, try the wings, try the whole chicken.  Next time, I will try the sausages, I have heard great things about those as well.  

Oh oh, gotta get back to office now!!
Food is great a little skimpy on portions but great flavors.  We got 4 meat choice deal and for 20 + dollars I think there should be more.  Sides are small also but tasty not sure if I'll be back but maybe for a lunch need more food for dinner
Sigh...apple wood roasted pork loin, white oak roasted beef stirloin, and thai green chili curry sausage...the perfect trifecta that will lead to a nirvana of smokey goodness. This meal definitely led me to a smokey high (drug free!), and a food coma. Can a good meal change the way you feel about your day? It sure can. While my day was already going so well, this dinner certainly was the creme dela creme of my perfect day.

I just needed to indulge my curiousity for this place since I hear yelpers raving about the awesome smokey goodness of their dishes. I had the Three meal two side combo for $15.99.

White Oak Roasted Beef Stirloin: The hard smokey flavor from the White Oak just really stood out and blended so well with the stirloin. On top of that, the meat was so tender, and flavor although full, was light and soft. . Just the subtle taste of light herbs and smokey white oak.

Thai Green Chili Curry Sausage: Hand made with chicken turkey meat with thai green chili. It was REALLY spicy, but I loved that the meat didn't overpower the spice of the chili since the chili was the focal point of the whole sausage. In most places, you can't really enjoy the wonderful spice of the thai chili since most condiments in various dishes take over the taste of the chili. Here, you can definitely enjoy the taste of the chili.

Apple wood roasted pork loin: The sweet and denser smoke flavor went so well with the pork loin. The loin was also tender, and if you squint your eyes and scrunch up your nose, you can feel that light sweetness in your taste buds.

BBQ St. Louis Ribs with traditional sauce: I loved the smoke flavor in the baby back ribs. I had a bite, and you can really taste the powerful smokey flavor of the Walnut wood. So good I didn't even need extra BBQ sauce for extra kick.

Everyone is so friendly here, and accomodating. Phil takes the extra effort to speak to the customers about the process of these wonderful culidary dishes. Knowledge is what makes the world go round!

Oh Phil. Hat tipped to you. You are like the Bill Nye the Science guy of meat smoking chemistry. Your formula, wood and meat combinations are on point! It's not just about the quality of how the meats are prepared here, it's about how you can taste the passion of the cooking in the food, and that is what is part of what makes food legendary and memorable!
I tell you the first thing I like about this place is the smell when you walk in the front door. It smells as it should, smokey and delicious. I love BBQ by the way. I asked the guy behind the counter about the ribs and what he likes. So I got Spare Ribs with Pineapple Jerk Sauce. And they were amazing spicy and sweet and just good. I only got the taster, (4 bones) but I was wishing I had gotten the half rack afterward. I would reccomend this place to BBQ lovers.
This was a great find when we were recently in Vegas!  The owner greeted us when we walked in and you can quickly tell he is very passionate about BBQ.  We just knew that whatever we ordered was going to be good!  However, it was oustanding!

First off, the smell of smoked meats greets you when you walk in and it was amazing.  I got the kielbasa that was smoked and wow it was the best kielbasa sausage I've ever had.  It would almost melt in your mouth.  My wife got the pecanwood chicken sandwich with the garlic mushrooms and wow it was just unbelieveable!

I so wish we had something like this in VA but I will tell you that I haven't seen anyplace like this anywhere in my travels.  What makes this place different is that it is a "new view" on BBQ as they smoke all the meats.  And he makes his own sausage which gives you the freshest meats!

Believe me when I tell you to stop here and enjoy a great meal!  Oh and the prices are very resaonable for the quality of the food and the portion size!  Go there now if you are in Vegas!
My husband and I visited The Las Vegas Grille yesterday for the first time.  We discovered this restaurant through Restaurant.com, where we bought a gift certificate, so that we could try it out and save a bit of cash in doing so.   
Well, walking through the door, we were met with the smell of the hardwood smoker and that unmistakable, nostril pleasing authentic BBQ smell.  
I had a good feeling that we were in for a treat. 
Well, we ordered smoked hot wings and let me tell you - if you love smoked meats and hot wings - order these!  The combination was absolutely DIVINE.  Well done! 
I ordered us half a rack of St.Louis ribs with a side of roasted red potatoes.   The ribs were perfect!  I'm typically a rib snob and prefer baby backs, but these St. Louis style ribs were outstanding.  I would definitely order them again, but after eyeballing the Las Vegas Grille's very interesting and unique menu, I have to say, I'm anxious to try out some of the more exotic fare.  
We enjoyed a caramel apple pie with vanilla ice cream for dessert, and it would have been perfect if it had been served hot, but that is my only constructive criticism for this place.  And besides, next time I will want to try their creme brulee cheesecake, so it's no biggie :) 

Las Vegas Grille, KUDOS.  You guys are doing it right!
Although I'm one of the most proud Texan girls you will ever meet, for whatever reason I escaped a Texas upbringing without developing a fondness for BBQ. In fact, I kind of hate BBQ. Some might say I'm not a real Texan, but I digress...

I waited a long time to try this place for some silly reason. I guess I figured it was yet another BBQ place, and I'd hate it just like all the rest. Luckily, LVG is something DIFFERENT! If you are craving Memphis or Texas style BBQ, you might be disappointed.. but for those of us who don't like BBQ or for you BBQ-lovers who can appreciate a completely different experience, this place is nirvana !

So my favorite item on the menu is actually the smoked salmon sandwich. In general I hate fish sandwiches and find them icky, but this is the best fish on bread this girl has ever eaten! They smoke their own salmon and pair it with a lemon garlic aioli.. YUMMMMM. I like mine on ciabbata - it's perfection! (On a side note, the local bakery they get their breads from is INCREDIBLE, and they have the most fresh perfect ciabbata ever ! I have yet to have a sandwich on stale bread here!). 

Another favorite of mine is the BBQ chicken sandwich with that insane pineapple jerk sauce.. So many things to try and love! Meatballs, sausages, wood-fire roasted wings... .this carnivore couldn't be happier! The staff is friendly, the restaurant is clean, the prices are reasonable.. GO NOW.. :)
Hubby and I were desiring bbq after watching numerous episodes of Man vs Food.  Viewing a grown adult man consume pounds of smoky bbq'ed beef sounds distasteful at first....until the countless close-up shots of juicy pork and chicken and beef start to invade one's consciousness.  Gah.  We dropped into the Las Vegas Grille and were happily surprised by the cheeriness of the interior and the friendliness of the owner.

This place is super fun and serves up delectable food.  The wings are smoked which results in less fat!  Healthy(ish) wings!  I ordered the brat and 3 Hawaiian meatballs and both were so flavourful and fresh.  Since the sausages are made in-house, there are no bad-for-you chemicals in the food.  Hubby's chicken was crispy and juicy and the various sides we ordered were tangy, provided ample textural contrast (rainbow coleslaw, braised red cabbage, Bavarian potato salad), and were not dripping in mayo/other sauces.  The Thai curry sausage was yummy and spicy.

Phil, the owner, takes such pride in his craft which is a delight to behold (and consume).  He also has a sense of humour; after ordering my brat and meatballs, he replied, with an evil grin: "so, you want a sausage and balls?"  Hee hee.  Ok, yes, that appealed to my inner 12 year old boy.  ;)

Prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get (lots) and the type (meat).  Not a lot of veggie-friendly options, as the joint is a BBQ place, but there are a few sides and salads that fit that bill.

Go and support this fantastic local business!
First time here and I am happy. It is great BBQ with a twist. The staff is knowledgable and friendly and they have a large menu. I had the daily special rib sandwich on chibatta and I was not dissapointed. Lots of meat, very tender and not chewy at all. I definitly will come here again.
I love the fact that  you don't have to worry about second hand smoke while having a meal in most restaurants around town.

As for the smoke that is coming from LVG's huge in-house smoker, it doesn't bother me at all! It actually adds to your dining experience. We were on our way to see Carlos Mencia, So we made plans to stop in for dinner.

We decided to share the 4 meat and 3 sides combo. For our meats, we chose Beef Sirloin, Thai Green Chili Sausage, BBQ Ribs, and Bobby Y.'s highly recommended
Roast Chicken with Pineapple Jerk Sauce. We got the Roasted Potatoes, Pasta Salad, and Braised Red Cabbage for our sides.

It was cool because we practically had the whole restaurant to ourselves with only one other diner. Phil came out to greet us, and was happy we found out about LVG through
YELP, went over the different woods they use, and the different applications for all the meats.

Our meal arrives, and everything looks awesome. I take a bite of the sirloin and wow!
smokey, juicy, yummy goodness! The Thai sausage had a very nice heat and the fish sauce and lemongrass was also evident. Phil thought that the sausage was on the small side, so he brought us another one-OH YEAH! The Ribs........The .......................................................................................................................................................................................................OOPS! got side tracked thinking of the fall-off-the-bone goodness!!! Where was I? Oh, I took one bite and the rest of the rib fell clean off the bone-ABSOLUTE PERFECTION!  The chicken? I didn't put that bad boy down until it was all bones! all the sides complemented the meats so well, and we'll definitely take Phil's suggestion and come back to try the wings, and I'll be having a rack of ribs and a bucket of Pineapple Crack Sauce on the side!....ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(206/365) "Awesome Second Hand Smoke"
Went back again after my last review.  As I had hoped, the place improved by about 1,000%.  This is now easily the best BBQ place in Las Vegas.  Easily.  The ribs were fantastic - nice smoky flavor with a nice combo of spices and some interesting sauce options.  Meat was tender but still had texture.  That comes from hours of good old fashioned smokin'
Sausage was awesome - as it was when I last reviewed.

Can't give this place enough props.  They kept refining and refining their product and now are second to none.  Hope they are the big success they deserve to be.
Died and gone to heaven! 1st off - the owners are awesome.  Took time to explain the menu, with obvious pride of their work. Not a hard sell , just a nice guy!  We had the ribs, chicken wings, tritip, potato salad, beans and coleslaw. Usually I'm pretty picky but absolutely everything we had was EXCELLENT!  All was obviously made in-house. Even the blue cheese dressing with the chicken wings was unique and out of this world!  
     But where was everyone? We were the only folks in the whole place. I sure hope people start coming and giving these guys the business they deserve. 
     Good prices, awesome fresh food - ths place can't be beat
The best BBQ chicken I've ever tasted. I had the 3 meat combo with beef, spicy thai sausage and pork, while my wife got the chicken and beef. The baked beans were incredible, too. Super friendly guys run the place. I felt like I'd known them for years by the time we left. This place is awesome and is a truly hidden gem. I will definitely be coming back on the next trip to Vegas.
Thai Green Chili Sausages!  Best I have ever had!  Well, this is the first place that I have ever had such sausage, but I can confidently say that no one can make a Thai Green Chili Sausage, as flavorful as LVG!

I have also tried the chicken and rib with the pineapple crack...um...jerk sauce.  Wow, I can sip on that pineapple jerk sauce all day!  The rib was tender fall off the bone good, and chicken was moist and delicious.  

I also enjoyed the Bavarian potato salad because it's one of a kind, no mayo type of potato salad.  I am glad LVG offers this.

Side note: I reward myself with food from LVG after my intense training session at Round 1 Boxing.  That's how much I prize Phil's delicious food.
Very good food and hospitable staff!

We were warmly welcomed and walked through the ordering process with recommendations from fellow yelp'ers and the front clerk.

We tried a little bit of everything, including the bbq ribs, thai sausage, pork tri-tip, pineapple jerk chicken etc.  The ribs were very very good, some of the best I have ever had, the jerk chicken was awesome....love the cooked skin on the chicken.  The sausage was very tasty too...read that they do it themselves on site.  And the tri-tip was very fatty and yummy.

Went with a few potato sides and the baked beans.  Everything was delicious.

Overall, it is definitely a must try esp if you're in the area.  I think we spent around $20-25 for two, so at $10-12pp for some VERY good eats, it's a bargain.  Leave a generous tip!
With the high yelp ratings, I had to try this place out and it did not disappoint! The St. Louis style ribs were delicious, tender but not to the point where it is mushy and the BBQ sauce has a nice tangy smoky flavor.  They also have a pineapple ginger jerk sauce for the ribs as well, for those more adventurous.  In terms of the homemade sausages, there were glowing reviews but I was a little disappointed in the Thai Green Chili Sausage....the flavor was decent but I tend to prefer my sausages a little less lean since it ends up being a little too dry for my liking.....what can I say I enjoy fatty foods.  My boyfriend made the wiser choice in his combo by selecting the BBQ beef sirloin....omg it was so delicious...I was tempted to steal off his plate as he was distracted by the Laker's game.    The sides were also decent, I had the pasta salad which is probably a little bit healthier than the red potato salad.  But the red potato salad definitely was packed with more flavor.  The meal is also served with bread...not home made however, I believe they get the bread from Great Buns.  Overall, really good prices for the amount of meat.  I will definitely be back to try their other meat offerings!  A good local alternative to those who frequent Lucille's.
Originally from Cleveland, Ohio, I have tasted barbecue grilled in a big barrel on the street and while there are those who would question the cleanliness of this method, great barbecue is cooked this way. 

I came home today when I entered The Las Vegas Grille and ate some of the freshest, most delectable barbecue meat. 

Of course, the sides are totally different from my Cleveland days (which consisted of a slice of white Wonder bread, baked beans and maybe grilled corn). The rotini pasta salad is off the chain with a light flavor and not covered with oil. The red potato salad is just as light without being laden down with mayo and hint of red pepper to add to the taste.

Now for the meat. The sausage is made fresh including grinding and casing and, being from Cleveland with a large Eastern European population, I know my sausage and this sausage is so full of flavor without that greasy aftertaste.

Of course, the ribs are the stars, smoked in the smoker in the restaurant, and are tender, with a smoky flavor in every morsel (instead of liquid smoke flavoring used in many places) and huge portions are served.

Finally, the service is friendly, inviting and I am looking forward to coming back over the weekend for live entertainment being offered.
we enjoy las vegas grille. the food is outstanding plus they have great lunch special. bbq ribs are excellent, and the jerk chicken was great. i shall return. keep up the good work.
I'm from Texas....so yes I am a little of a BBQ snob.  Dirty dirty south BBQ snob with smothered sauce on top.  

LV Grille is not your typical BBQ fare.  It's definitely more refined and I would say it's more new-age BBQ.   So if you come in with an open mind, then you will be amazed by their BBQ.

The owner is extremely passionate about his food and has photographic memory.  2 of my friends who I ate with were on return visits and the owner knew their names and exactly what they ordered from their previous trip.

He went through the menu with us and was extremely helpful providing suggestions.  We ended up ordering their "off the menu" wings which were smoky, spicy, and delicious.  I probably would have been fine eating just the wings. 

After that, we shared a 4 meat combo with 3 sides as we opted with the Ribs, Chicken, Beef sirloin, and Sausage.  The ribs were tender, smoky, and fell off the bone.  The chicken was juicy, not dry, and the skin has the crispness where I say screw my cholesterol - i'm eating up all the skin.  

Everything was really good and this place will only be better bc the staff really cares about your opinions and they want to provide the best gourmet BBQ.

I can't compare this BBQ with TX BBQ.  TX BBQ will always be #1 but I love and appreciate all forms of BBQ.....Carolina, Memphis, KC, and now I'm going to have to add LV Grille's new age BBQ to the mix.
Best wings I ever had! Sweet heat I call them!!  BBQ Hot wings !!!!
This place is AMAZING!  Finally a true smoke house where each item has its own unique flavor. The chicken is tender and juicy. The pork and beef are cooked to perfection and sausages not only are hand made but taste it. I can go on and on but trust me this is the REAL DEAL!!
3 words.....try the RIBS!!! Delicious!! Friendly & attentive staff! The BBQ beans & jerk chicken wasn't my favorite...but after I tried the ribs w/traditional sauce I was hooked! If u like spicy try the spicy curry sausage...4 stars 4 the awesome ribs,friendly staff,& clean environment! Only thing missing were the toothpicks! But def worth a try!
My girlfriend and I REALLY love barbecue and have traveled to many 
other states to try different barbeque places.
   But how lucky we are to have found some of the best barbecue we,ve 
ever had right here at home in Las Vegas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   Tonight was our second visit in less than a week and we were as happy tonight 
as on our previous visit last Sunday.
On Sunday we ordered a full rack of ribs and a 3 meat combo.   WOW!!!!!!!!!
The ribs are super tender and have a great smokey flavor that can only be 
achieved by using an  inhouse smoker and great wood.  The 3 meat combo
included chicken, smoked tri tip sliced thin and a smoked pork loin which also 
sliced thin. All of the meats were very tender and had great flavor.
We also sampled several different side dishes which are all homemade like 
roasted potatoes, cole slaw and macaroni salad. All were fantastic.
  We also had the pleasure of meeting 2 of the owners, Phil and Chris,  who 
both were very nice and took the time to explain to us how they cook the 
different types of meats and how they get so many different flavors using 
different seasonings and different types of wood.
  O.K. so we finished our leftovers Monday and Tuesday and now it,s
Thursday and we are craving more barbecue. This time, we are going to try the sandwiches. My GF ordered a barbecue rib sandwich special which included
a side dish and a drink for only 7.99. She loved it. 
  I had to try one of their sausage sandwiches since they make all of the
sausages in house from scratch. Phil recommended I try his new creation,
a curry chicken and turkey sausage sandwich with carmelized onions on top.
OMG good!!!!!!!!!!!!! What an amazing flavor.
   On this visit, Phil and Chris both remembered us from our previous visit and 
made us feel welcome and happy. These guys are very passionate about their 
barbecue. Not only do they have great customer service skills, they have a
product which is by far, the BEST you,ll find in Las Vegas.  
   Thanks guys and see you soon.
Fantastic barbeque!!!  Only improvement would be some better sides, especially something green.  The white oak sirloin is to die for.
I was itching for some good bbq... so I grabbed my iPhone and looked for that Yelp app. This place had the highest praise and it was for a reason. Their food is pretty good!

Now I don't know much about bbq, but I'm not skinny...so I know good food when I taste it.

Tried the meatballs...not too bad. Not a meatball fan tho
Tried the ribs...so damn good that you don't need any sauce!! 

Then I had the wings....whoa. Best wings I've had so far in Vegas! It was so good that I went two days in a row!

If they had more advertisement, that place would be packed...gotta spread the word.
The chicken was fabulous, and their smoked wings are incredible!  The ribs were average, and the pork was sliced so thinly that it couldn't retain any heat - and I'm not a fan of cold meat.

We also enjoyed the meatball sampler, and we're glad we didn't order more because those meatballs were huge!  Overall, we enjoyed it and plan on returning.. especially for the chicken :D
I went here for lunch to catch up with an old friend from high school.  I learned about it from Yelp! and it was a great choice.

You order at the register, and then they bring the food out to you at your table.  The gentleman at the counter was very helpful and made some great suggestions (such as their thai chili sausages that are the current special).  

I had a three meat combination (the sausage, 1/4 rack of ribs, and the apple wood pork loin).  All three were good, but I really enjoyed the pork loin.  It was thinly sliced and had a great flavor.  You can definitely taste the flavor of the smoke.  Very good.  The ribs were also good as they just fell off the bone, and they were not overly fatty.  It came with a good pineapple jerk BBQ sauce.  Very tasty.

I had the spicy baked beans and sauteed veggies for sides.  Nothing too special, but solid and tasty.  Have to have a well rounded meal, right?

It took a little while for us to get our food, but I didn't mind because (1) I was not in a hurry and (2) I could tell that they make their food fresh.  We waited maybe 15-20 minutes to get our food after ordering.  This didn't appear to be some assembly line place.  This is some good stuff!  

My meal was $15.99 + tax and a drink.  I believe the 2-meat combo was around $10/11.  

They also had a drum set near the line area, and I'm not sure if there is live music in the place, but it would have a nice vibe to the atmosphere if they did during dinner or something!
we went to the lasvegas grille last night and man the food was great!!!!!! the owner  was very nice we talked to him for about an hour. my youngest had to know everyones name that worked there lolol but we loved the food and we will be going back
i also have started my travel blogs and i will be add the lasvegas grille in my next blog so look for it on www.travelersblog.com 
popcorn travel
sharon perlin
High expectations can be a killer.   As with Godfather III, Star Wars: Episode 1, Prometheus, and having your own children, those high expectations are often met with soul crushing disappointment.  Just kidding about the children, I'm sure they're lovely, really.

I went into The Las Vegas Grille with visions of 5 star ratings dancing in my head.  The descriptions of all these meats and amazing potato sides, and it was all going to be MINE!  I studied the menu for whole MINUTES before driving over, and decided that if they had the often mentioned Thai Green Curry Sausage that I'd order that.  There wasn't a line at the counter so I took a minute to pester the friendly gent working the register that I had lactose intolerance and he was so nice to go in the back and check on some items he wasnt certain about being safe for me (and anyone who would be in my vicinity in the following hours).   Thai Curry Sausages were all good (!), and then he asked me what kind of bread I wanted it on.  Detour.  I wasn't prepared for this.   Luckily my brain chose fight instead of flight and I went with Pretzel bread because pretzel bread is generally delicious.  Then he asked if I wanted grilled onions.  Uh, yeah I do.  I always do.   Condiments?  Mustard.  Just mustard.  Sides?  Had to go with herb roasted potatoes from what I'd read in other reviews.

It did take longer than I'd thought it would, but this isn't necessarily a fault as I was just unaware at the preparation time.  Next time I'd call it in.   A short while later I was presented with my food and excitedly was on my way back to the office.

Upon opening my Styrofoam box of goodies, I was presented with a lovely site of the Sausage in a nice pretzel bread just SMOTHERED with onions.   I couldn't wait to inhale this so I took a massive bite, not even caring what a mess I was making even though my office door was wide open for all to see.  And.... it was good.  The sausage had a nice flavor, the pretzel bread tasted like pretzel bread, the onions tasted like onions.  Good.   But not AMAZING.  Not shouting to the heavens thanking them for ever having me stumble onto Yelp (I do that often enough anyhow).   I actually didn't find the sausage to be very spicy at all unlike some reviewers mentioned.  Potatoes?  Wasn't too impressed with them.  The potatoes themselves tasted fine, but there was some sort of spice that overpowered the dish a little.  Probably a personal preference.  

In the end I was left with a nice meal overall that I can't help think was slightly diminished by those lofty expectations.  Next time they will be tempered, and I can't wait to try something new.
Love this place!  It suffered because of the crap construction project on sahara for the express bus lane.  Great food!  I had an amazing brat on a pretzel roll.  Their barbecue isn't your typical fare... it's really good and unique.  Do yourself a favor and give it a try!!
I believe that with as many check ins as I have I can properly be an authority on the fine eats at my favorite restaurant. I know everyone there now very well! Phil the jazz chef, Dave the laid back tyrant when things are busy, Chris the calm friendly front man, who doubles as a great line cook. Andre the hat turns around when the heat is on. There are others that work tirelessly to continue to improve on an awesome array  of mouth watering food.  I am always looking to push the limits of what they can deliver. I enjoy not ordering directly off the menu anymore, but asking for my own creation and have not been disappointed. 
I asked for a heart stopping grilled cheese sandwich with bacon and tomato, ahh heaven. I survived the meal. 
I have been to the Grille more times than I have checked in, but my strict rule is that I don't check in unless I order. 
Saturday nights have become interesting, I never know what to expect on open mic nights.
I have my own chicken wing sauce that is out of this world, and a bit dangerous. 2 Challenges and haven't lost yet.  If you aren't afraid of ghosts, call me out! I will put my money on the table.
I could run on forever with how good the fare is here, but more importantly is that everybody knows your name at the Las Vegas Grille.  If you go once, and return, they acknowledge that and thank you. Who does that anymore?
there is no place that I have been ever who takes the time to really want to get to know you like these guys do. 
If it is busy, relax it is well worth the wait! Everything on the menu is made to order, never under a heat lamp, no microwaves. When your order goes in people jump and make it happen.

The Duke has spoken,
I bequeath you to take time and enjoy, the most unique and responsive grille in town!

Not everything is for everyone, even me, but now that I have gotten to know everyone, I challenge them to amaze me every time. If you didn't order exactly what you want then try again, and again!

The Duke promises that, you will find your own dish of delight. 

Thank you to all at the Grille for putting up with my outrageous requests.

And, see you tomorrow!
Yelped BBQ in our neighborhood and The Las Vegas Grille popped up so off we went. Great BBQ in our neighborhood. We'll definitely be regulars, next time returning with friends. Since it was our first time we ordered the 4 meats and three sides plate. Delicious.
Ribs were great.  The sides exceeded expectations.  Liked the spicy beans and the pasta salad.  We ordered a full rack of ribs plus a loaded salad with pork.  More than enough for two people and the price came to under $40, not bad.  The service people are friendly. And it's right by my house hence why I am giving them 5 stars. (location, food quality, customer service)
LOVE BBQ!!! Fresh, authentic and friendly staff! All of this and more! When I asked for the rib sandwich without the bread Phil said "no problem!" They now have beer and wine and nothing is better than good BBQ and a nice glass of Chardonnay. 

I also had the grilled veggies with hummus...yummus!!! LOVE the Portebello mushroom. Plus their salads are huge! My favorite is the grilled salmon. All in all a great dining experience!
Anyone who knows me knows I am a barbeque fanatic. Traditionally drawn to Texas style barbeque, I have also developed a great appreciation for both Kansas City and Carolina barbeques throughout the years. There's just something about that slow cooked cut that makes my mouth water.

In my opinion, when you do barbeque good, it feels so natural going down that you can sometimes enjoy and entire meal with friends and never realize, until it over, just how wonderful the food was. I know I am supposed to feel guilty about not recognizing the tender, juicy cuts of pork, beef or chicken while they make their way down my gullet, but I honestly feel so at home enjoying great barbeque that I can easily get lost in some sort of euphoria.

By the way, bad barbeque (which Vegas has plenty of) is so offensive to my pallet that I can notice nothing else and I want to stand up and throw it back at the moron who cooked it.

In all my years of enjoying some of the world's best (and not enjoying its worst), I have to admit that I never expected what I found at The Las Vegas Grille (with an e). I am still adamant that there are only three types of barbeque (as previously mentioned), but I will hereby acknowledge that you can do some great things with slow smoked meats and I will still call it barbeque.

That's exactly what you will find at The Las Vegas Grille, excellent slow smoked meats that challenge every notion of traditional barbeque. The choices will leave you baffled for a time, and the menu is a little difficult to navigate, but the end result is definitely worth the adventure.

You won't find any barbeque sauces littering the tables at The Las Vegas Grille, although I expect you could ask for them if you truly want. But what you will find is some quite delicious selections of non-traditional meat items ranging from tri-tip to meatballs to chicken/turkey sausages that are all smoked with an impressive variety of wood chips. From grape to apricot to just about everything imaginable, The Las Vegas Grille uses these woods  to smoke its equally interesting variety of meats and the result is something you just have to try.

I will not go so far as to say that I am convert to this new and intriguing style of barbeque, as I will always be emotionally tied to true Texas barbeque, but I will say that The Las Vegas Grille is definitely something that is very welcome to the Vegas culinary scene.
Haven't really eaten much meat til recently, but a meat bacchanalia sounded good to the BF. This place seemed to get positive reviews as of late, ironed out the details of being the new guy and we were pleasantly surprised. 

We decided on sharing a 3meat, 2 sides combo. I read through the reviews to find out which meats were the hits and it did not disappoint. The Thai sausage was lovely. Nice snap when you bite, lightly smokey, has a nice lemongrassy, cilantro, minty flavor to it. The ribs were juicy, perfectly smoked through and the BBQ sauce was tangy and a little sweet. Normally I want more sauce on most ribs, but these didn't need it. BBQ chicken with the pineapple jerk sauce is everything you want in chicken. The skin was crispy while the meat was absolutely juicy! I'm a sauce person, but the little baste was good enough since it was really well seasoned. 

I LOVE the fact that all the meats are smoked separately, with different wood. Phil is serious about his BBQ as many established places around town do not really do this. 

The Bavarian potato salad was delish. I love myself vinegar based taters and this was definitely one of the better ones I've had. The spicy baked beans were pleasantly unique. I love that it's a mix of beans! The spice isn't spicy but spice filled and had a slightly sweet aftertaste that seemed to be like nutmeg/cinnamon's doing. It's a bit like Carribean beans my friends mom makes which I happen to adore. 

Phil and his staff were very nice and friendly. I just love really cool owners that really is proud of their product and happy to make this a positive experience. These are the type of places that should be supported. 

I've been keeping to a 4star first visit with a several visit bump to 5stars, but this was seriously "as good as it gets". Being a "weekday vegetarian" I think this will be a splurge in my rotation. I think one of our friends who is a BBQ geek would really like this place so we will definitely be back for more!
This place is the BOMB!! I went there on my birthday with my family and i LOVED it. I typically do not like bbq, but this place was soooo good. Because it was my birthday I got this hooked up piece of cheesecake which was to die for. A MUST GO!!
Great barbecue.
Bumping this up to a 4 for now based on the incredible smoked salmon sandwich I just finished polishing off.   Ordered it based on Blair's ROTD from a few days ago praising it and wow, I was not disappointed.  A heap of smoked salmon on the incredible Ciabatta bread with some veggies and a nice aioli.  I was a little disappointed when I opened it up my container and saw the sandwich hadn't been cut in half (I never requested it this way though, so it wasn't their fault).   I took out the little plastic knife from the plasticware they gave me, and it cut through the middle of the sandwich, bread and salmon all like it was butter.   One of the better sandwiches I've had in my lifetime.

Only thing keeping it from a 5 is I still haven't found a side I'm completely in love with.  Last time the roasted potatoes and this time the Red Potato salad.   I thought they were both okay, but neither has blown me away.   I'll keep trying until I find "the one".  I'm sure it's out there somewhere.    I'm cutting and pasting those last two sentences for my match.com profile.

Grille is movin on up!   I expect it to be at 5 stars for me by year's end.
We were looking for a BBQ place today and, thanks to Misty Y's review and some other positive notes, we decided to try the Las Vegas Grille.  I never know what to expect from local establishments but we love trying new things.  Unfortunately I am on a fat loss diet so this was really a trip for my wife but I admit I did sample some of the food so I could write this review.  We ordered the 3 meatball taster.  The meatballs, which are ground on the premises, are delicious and light as opposed to the dense rocks my mother used to make.  The taster gives you three different sauces and each had a great flavor.  One of the three meatballs was slightly pink in the cen tr er but phil assures me that is due to the fusion of  three types of ground meat and that they are very careful to ensure it is cooked properly. All tasted excellent. We also got the ribs and pork combo with potato salad.( the pork was not the pulled pork choice but a thinly sliced pork).  The ribs were excellent with a mild bbq sauce that had a great flavor.  They fell off the bone almost just from looking at them.  The pork was not as warm as we would have liked and really did not have enough flavor.  We didn't like the potato salad because it was in a vinegar based sauce but I suspect some people would like it as it is a matter of taste.  We met the owner Phil who brought out the peanut butter chocolate pie my wife tortured me with.  Luckily I am not a huge peanut butter desert fan so one very small taste was enough for me.  It was not too rich and had an excellent flavor and texture.

The price is amazing.  The meatballs were $3.99 and the combo 10.99 +2.00 to add the ribs.  They have sandwiches and other meats on the menu and they also make their own sausage from scratch.  

I did not try the bread as it didn't look that spectacular and my wife didn't rave about it.
They sometimes offer deals on other sites and whoever is in charge of that for Yelp should hit them up!
All in all, this is a great deal!
Note i have corrected this review as i had inacurately statased a meatball was undefcooked when it was in fact cooked properly and was pink due to the meat mixtures.  Thanks Phil!
This place has the best and most reasonably priced BBQ in Vegas! They also have a great weekly Saturday comedy show at 7:30 pm!!!
Finally got to try the Thai sausage.  I love any type of sausage and when we came here last time, they were out, so when they told us they had two left, we took both.  It was great.  I love the spicy mix flavor. 

My husband got some of the ribs, he's had them before and they are still very good, actually fell off the bone.  And as a side, we love the cole slaw. Good service, not very crowded, and great food.
May have found a new spot to satisfy my meat cravings.

This place is awesome and if you're near by you will KNOW you're close due to that amazing smell from the smokers.

I had the special Oktoberfest German Hunter's sausage with bacon in it. Damn good sausage and the roll it came on was quite delicious as well. I personally couldn't taste the bacon but wow still really good.

A little later Phil brought out a sample of (I Think) Artisan's Bratwurst and holy crap that was good. Some amazing flavors. 

Sadly the Thai Green Curry was all sold out but that's fine. Now i have an excuse to come back.

Very friendly service and some amazing food. Highly recommended.
We went there and split a sample platter. The cashier was really friendly and told us about the comedy shows on the weekends-for free! The chicken and ribs were really good! The chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside! Beautiful! The ribs were super tasty and cooked just right. Their sauce was amazing. Everything else, sides potatoes, slaw and beans were just alright. The curry sausage was spicy & tasty but a little dry and the beef tips were nothing to write home about. Beers are anywhere from $4-$4.75. Would go again just for the chicken alone.
I would Not recommend this place. the ribs were dry and rubbery, and tasted like the rear end of  animal. They gloppes the sauce over to cover bad meat taste.  The beans were also old and glazed over like they had been reheated from last week.  The side salad I got was just iceberg lettuce with two slices of cucumber and tomato.  The best part of the meal were the dinner rolls and the balsamic vinegarette for the salad. All this was grossly over priced. If you want good bbq go to Road Kill Grill instead!
I am always in search of some great Q. Decided to check out The Las Vegas Grill after reading about it. Went for lunch and had a hard time choosing. You order from a large menu board at the counter and the food is delivered to your table. I decided on the 2 meat and 1 side combo. The 2 meats were chopped pork in BBQ sauce and smoked kielbasa sausage. The side was spicy baked beans. The pork was very tender and the kielbasa had great smoke and garlic. The beans were better than most and had a nice tang. The portions were ample and allowed for some kielbasa to go home. 
I plan to return for dinner to check out some the other meats. This is another great addition to the BBQ places around town. With many  choices for dining  I hope these guys make it. Keep smokin!
I've been looking for a great BBQ place to eat, coming from the Midwest this isn't an easy task. I was disillusioned by all the reviews this place had. I should have known by how empty the place was. I ordered the 3 meat combo. The ribs were disgusting, brisket was old, and the steak was ok. The sides were old. However the bread was warm and delicious. I regret trying the meatballs since that's what people were raging about. However I don't think I'll ever come back.
Excellent food, excellent service.  It's hard to find good food in Vegas without heading to a five-star restaurant.  I'm a big food critic, and this place is absolutely excellent.
I've been here a couple times now. The  owner always takes time to come out and talk to the customers and his passion for his business is evident in his food. There's plenty of well crafted, well executed dishes on the menu.

Sirloin on sourdough - plenty of tender and juicy beef, nicely toasted bread; with a side of Bavarian potato salad that tasted heavily of paprika or a similar spice.

1/4 white chicken ($6.99) - breast and wing. I got it plain (for my kid) with the BBQ sauce on the side. Plenty of juicy meat and it came with one side.

1/2 rack of St. Louis style ribs ($16.99) - the meat wasn't fall-off-the-bone tender, but it was good, smokey, and very meaty. The ribs are smoked for several hours then finished on the grill with your choice of sauce. I loved the bbq sauce -- a touch sweet with plenty of depth in flavor. The meal came with one side.

Red potato salad - plenty of acidity plus eggy-mayonaise taste. It was ok.

Herb roasted potatoes - excellent. slightly crispy exterior/soft interior, well seasoned.

I haven't tried the sausages yet, but will soon. The owner mentioned that they're made in-house.
This was a very good BBQ spot in Las Vegas. We ventured out here to get some non-Casino buffet food and were pleasantly surprised. The service was very friendly and knowledgeable. Would definitely return if I had a rent-a-car and was in Vegas.
Whatever your plans are for Friday and Saturday, Drop Them! I went to the LV Grille's Happy Hour karaoke last week and I was floored. They had Las Vegas Strip celebrities running their karaoke show! It was awesome. They have the happy hour karaoke every Friday night from 6-10 pm. Then I went to the Grille on Saturday night for their weekly comedy show. It started at 7:30 pm and they had national touring comedians performing! The BBQ was great. Everything was made from scratch. There were beer and food specials. Overall, great time! I highly recommend it.
tien n brought us over after we had shabushabu in the same plaza. the owner chatted with us for a bit and then brought out some pork he was making for the week and an event coming up. dude, it was legit. soo good. there was an uye organized there the same weekend and we went to go eat some "bravarian meal"? i think thats what it was called. bobby y. kept calling it something else instead of what i was supposed to be called and now i think thats all i remembered. but before we got in and sat down there was some kind of live comedy show going on. i told them i was here waiting for some friends and sat down. after a few other people show up a guy walks over to us and tells us theres a cover charge for the show. we tell him we just came for the food. but he just stood there. so we thought he was joking and kept messing with him but he just stood there. like an idiot. eventually we all kinda looked at each other and paid him the cover charge. we werent too happy about it and didnt know that there was going to be a cover charge. but we were here for the food. after we ordered the food came out and it was awesome! there was so much in the "bravarian meal" that it two people had to share it. i had the pork and sausage. i didnt leave anything behind. i tried some of other people's dishes (while they werent looking! muhaha jk...) and there wasnt anything i didnt like. you could tell the owner took pride in making his food.
As soon as I walked in the door the smell slapped me silly! Was greeted by the owner Phil. Very nice and comfy atmosphere. 

I got the pineapple jerk chicken. Nice char on it, juicy, and could taste the smokiness which I appreciated, chicken was very tasty and has a little kick to it. The two sides were great as well got the potatoes, and veggies. Excellent dish! 

Would definitely go back and try other things on the menu.
This is the best place for bbq in all of Las Vegas, however their best item is not their ribs, but their jerk chicken. I'm not saying their ribs are bad. No, not at all. However, I cannot emphasize the magnitude of their jerk chicken. To be candid, in all of Los Angeles, there are no good jerk chicken. This place has such good jerk chicken, I almost had tears. My eyes watered up after each bite, and my soul was saddened to know that vegas was the only place to get good jerk chicken. Here's how it went, I went in and got the two item combo for $10.99, which is a fair price. The ribs were tender and fall off the bone, but the bbq sauce was just ok. Then I got the jerk chicken and got a food high. Come here, and try it for yourself.
YUM!!  My friend and I went to the Las Vegas Grille for lunch today after she found a coupon and we checked them out on Yelp and saw all of the favorable reviews.  

We both ordered a homemade sausage on pretzel rolls; I had the Turkey & Chicken  New Mexico Chile sausage and she had the Turkey & Chicken Mediterranean Sundried Tomato sausage on pretzel rolls.  There were no condiments or extras of any type on the rolls, and they didn't need it because the sausages had amazing flavor on their own.  My sausage had a bit of a kick to it but nothing too bad since I'm kind of a wimp when it comes to spicy food.  We also both ordered side salads and were surprised by how large they were.  The salads, while fairly basic, were not just the typical iceburg lettuce salad; they had field greens, tomatoes, onions and what seemed to be homemade croutons.  The balsamic vinaigrette served on the side was one of the best dressings I've had and I want a bottle of it with me at all times.

Service was great.  You order at the counter and then the food is brought to you.  The girl taking our order (I wish I had gotten her name!) was very helpful and had suggestions for us since we hadn't been there before.  I had read a few reviews that said there was a lengthy wait to get food because everything is cooked to order, but we were in and out pretty quickly.  Also, as soon as we had ordered our food and sat down, our server brought us warm rolls right out of the oven first and then our salads next, so we had food while we were waiting for our sausages.  

I can't wait to go back and take my (meat loving husband) with me.  I expect this will be one of our favorite places to go, and I plan on checking out the Saturday night stand-up comedy soon.
I went here for lunch today and it was my 4th or 5th trip. The bbq is fantastic! I recommend the chicken wings and any of their sausages...especially the thai version. They are reasonably priced and the staff is awesome. Give them a try!
I ate here a couple times this summer and both times the place was dead... at 7pm. Not dead like a handful of tables were occupied but dead like my fiancee and I were the only two people there, aside from the staff. The food was decent but the service was crazy slow. I decided to give this place another shot and phoned in an order. All I wanted was a # of beef loin. The guy on the phone said they were fresh out. How do you run out of beef in a restaurant that sells grilled food? It's not like I called a seafood restaurant and wanted spaghetti. So, I ordered a # of pork loin instead. I'll leave out the details about having to wait while listening to terrible stand up comedy and get to the food. When I got home, I opened up the meat and it smelled like Formaldehyde -- like when I dissected a cat in 11th grade Anatomy class. I ran it by a couple other noses and even my dog agreed it was bad. I lost my appetite it smelled so terrible. So, I called the restaurant only to be told by the guy on the phone that not only was the meat good, but it was the best pork they'd ever made. They were like those crazy chefs on Kitchen Nightmares swearing up and down their food is legit and their customers are retarded. A few minutes later, the owner called me and basically bragged about how top notch that meat was and how they'd been eating it all night. I wasn't calling to get my money back, I just called so they'd know their food went bad and they should get rid of it before someone else ate it and got sick. So, if you ate there tonight and got sick, rest assured that they knew they it was going to happen.
Placed my order at 10:13 online and got it at 10:41.  Only 28 minutes! Not bad!

I ordered the Wisconsin 6 Cheese Pizza on Brooklyn Style crust for $11.99 with their online coupon.

My order was prepared perfectly.  Best Dominos order I've ever had.

The online pizza tracker is awesome.  Hilarious when you select a theme.  

Don't get me wrong. This isn't the best pizza you'll EVER have, but if torn between the usual chains this location seems to perform flawlessly.  Definitely the best Dominos pizza I've ever had, and that's saying a lot from somebody who used to hate Dominos.
I can't imagine a worse phone order experience.  I officially will NEVER again order from Dominos.  Travis who answered the phone was pretty much mumbling the entire time and apparently never trained, "attempted" to take my order for 4 large specialty pizzas for my mgmt meeting at work. He ultimately asked, "cash or charge" which I responded "cash" and then received no response. I sat for 5 more minutes listening to a mumbled conversation until he hung-up on me.  After 50 minutes of waiting, I called back and spoke to the same clueless employee who told me "the pizzas show here they're being delivered so they'll be there in 5 minutes."  Then after another 15 minutes, I called back and told Travis to give me a manager. The person who picked up the phone was even less professional and so obviously not a manager, I swear it was as if the same guy was just pretending to sound like somebody else! So whoever it was proceeded to tell me my order was never placed and no food is being delivered!  No apology and no care whatsoever on his part. This was for a work event and I was thoroughly embarrassed to inform an already frustrated and hungry group that our waiting will not be rewarded and we have to start over somewhere else. So I will now do everything I can to ensure no one else from our company and anyone else that ever brings up Dominos, to NEVER order from them.  What a horribly run establishment.
I always use the online ordering feature and since we have been patronizing this location Store #7456 we have had nothing but great product and good customer service. Been ordering from here for the last two years it has turned our opinion of Dominos as a whole for the better. Quality and fast service rate it high in our book.
Who answers the phone at this place?....I had to hang up on the same person on two different occasions. Hard to believe this person is still employed. He had a very difficult  time with simple things such as spelling and pronunciation.... this got old and annoying very quickly!
I could not make it through the whole conversation....not even past the part where I was trying to give him my address..he could not even handle that... twice!...This guy is surely doing nothing but damage to business at this location.....If anybody cares, he last answered my call on Friday night, Nov 22, 2013
Please fire this moron so I can have some pizza...until then I shall take my business elsewhere.
I suggest somebody in management calls on his shift and poses as a customer, so they can see that this review is no exaggeration by any means.
Sign him up for the special olympics.
Great job
I go to Dominos Pizza on Trop and Pecos every Friday, but who ever that is answering the phone and taking orders SUCKS!!! I was so upset last time call her back and told her just cancel my order. From there I did not go back  for more then a month. I recently called last Saturday after Christmas shopping and I think the same girl answered GRRRRR. I was very nice to her, but her attitude was like a hormonal teenager in HEAT! Freaking BITCHY ! So now I will take my business else until she is gone. So sad because the Manager that I would always see there was AWESOME!  Parents teach your kids some manners before they end up unemployed because they don't know how to be polite.
The pizza was cold, doughy, and gelatinous.  It was so disgusting I drove out to the store (after ordering and receiving a delivery, I really didn't want to go anywhere) just to ask for my money back.  The manager refused to even speak to me - he only told his employee to tell me NO REFUNDS.  Yes, he refused to SPEAK TO ME.  The three people who tried this pizza all agreed it was inedible, and we are not fancy folks with snooty palates.  We'll pretty much eat anything.

I felt bad for the young lady up front.  I found it really infuriating that the manager refused to speak with me.  Really terrible management means it's only going to get worse.  My advice, order somewhere else. :(
Wow, there are a bunch of idiot's working   at this place. The person ( some girl ) answering the phone and taking the orders is horrible at doing her job. She put me on hold numerous times, I had to repeat myself on everything I ordered....don't know how this girl has a job. When the pizza arrived they forgot my dipping sauces and the driver seamed like he was annoyed that he has to deliver pizza. This place is a joke, don't order from this location... The staff is horrible, the wings were burnt, the pizza was barely warm. Never again!
I am STILL waiting on my order and ordered an hour ago! This location is the WORST if you want your food delivered in a timely manner. I will NEVER order anything from this location or Domino's ever again! Who knows....I'll probably be waiting another hour before it actually gets here. Wait....they're here....and forgot something on my order and now have to go back and get it....REALLY?!!! Domino's Twitter account reached out after I bad-mouthed them on Twitter. Still no dice. Avoid ordering delivery from this dump!
your staff is ignorant and rude. the girls on the telephone are nasty and laughed at me when i called twice about my problem. i waited 30 mins over the expected delivery time to get an order that had no sauce which i paid for and half my order not there. i called not 2 mins after he left and they said it would be another hour just for the sauce alone. you guys suck. horrible service. im contacting district.
the food was good had huge portions for the price, saw a roach on the floor that was pretty unappetizing, coffee was good.
As a breakfast lover, I love to discover greasy spoon places. Country Kitchen takes the place of what used to be Oklahoma Kitchen, where we would frequently see LVMPD cars outside, when it closed, I wondered what would be next. This year, we finally decided to try Country Kitchen. When my mom and I walked in, we were greeted by Rebecca, who sat us in a booth. Sure, the decor is way outdated, but they're working on that. The menu has more breakfast than lunch items, they do close early at 3pm. First of all, I am a biscuit and pancake snob. I am really picky about either being too heavy, too dry, too bland. I was so NOT let down by either, when I got my plate. Biscuits are ginormous, split and griddled, flaky, yummy, and they go well with the apple butter they sell by the jar. My pancakes were so good, one bite and I literally almost cried because they were as perfect as the pancakes my grandpa used to make me. My family and I have pretty much become regulars in about a month. The owner/chef Dennis will make almost any modification possible if he can swing it. I happened to ask if they carried sticky bun pastries because my husband is a huge fan of them. This is an item they do not regularly make, but he looked up the recipe and said it was possible, I ordered a dozen, and they were soooo good! Sticky, gooey, huge and loaded with raisins and pecans, they were perfect for Thanksgiving breakfast! I am now known as the "sticky bun girl" there. Today I asked for banana chocolate chip pancakes, but they were out of chocolate chips, and he did have butterscotch chips, so I was excited to try them!! They were excellent!! They were caramelized on the outside between the chips and banana sugars, so it was a lot like a cake type breakfast!! Give them a try, they have free delivery with a $15 minimum order, take out, specials, and great service! Tell them the "Sticky Bun Girl" sent ya!
Came in for breakfast and it was really good. Reasonable specials, eggs, sausage and French toast for &7.75. French toast was made with thick homemade bread, a scoop of creamy butter, and real Maple syrup. Oh yeah, did I mention the awesome Bloody Mary's?
Finally tried Sin City Wings tonight and yes, I'm a fan.

These wings are friggin' big! I've never been full from 5 wings before. The combo price is reasonable at $8, that include 1lb of wings, some pasta salad and a roll.

Flavors galore! More than enough for all types of people. I had the Hot Buffalo, definitely tasty. Apparently the "Oscar Goodman" has ghost chilis...that's WAY TOO HOT for me.

When you're ready for a little treat... trust me you want to try the dessert wings. Yes... dessert. Chicken wings smothered in cinnamon and sugar with some raspberry goodness on top. It's like eating a funnel cake chicken wing... run right now and order some, you'll thank me later.
We violated one of my food truck rules when visiting Sin City Wings. We showed up late. Hence, very long wait. However, it was understandable since  they were a man down and the people at Telus were hungry :-) Due to expediencies sake, my office all ordered tenders. You know when you are hungry, you just don't want to fool around with bones. The chicken was flavorful, breading was nice and there was not too much of it. It was still a bit crunchy since they were very fresh. The sauce was very satifying. I had the Fienberg, which is the spicy apricot. It was sweet but had enough of a spicy kick to make it worthwhile. We also all ordered combos, which I have to say were very reasonable at $8 a pop. The mac salad had just the right amount of mayo/sugar ratio and not too many veggies to spoil my carnivorous intent. I was quite pleased to see the Great Buns bread racks hanging out in the truck. Good to know my roll came from a yummy bread establishment :-)
I've been wanting to try Sin City Wings ever since I heard about them. Despite the explosion of food trucks in the past year, chicken wings weren't really spoken for. Lucky for me, they decided to accept an invitation to stop by work today.

I went with a wing combo with the Feinberg sauce. A while back, I remember hearing about a food truck that has a sauce named after Jason Feinberg (of Fox 5 fame), but I had forgotten which truck. There's really no reason for the association other than they wanted to name a sauce after a local personality. It's a spicy apricot concoction that is sweet with a little kick.

The wings were pretty good--nothing absolutely mind-blowing--but combined with the Great Buns bread, the surprisingly delicious mac salad, and the top quality ranch dressing, the combo came together very well and was very satisfying. (Yes, I've finally come to the realization that not all ranch dressing is created equal).

What really makes me a fan of Sin City Wings is, strangely enough, their buffalo potstickers. I never thought to put buffalo sauce on deep-fried potstickers. It's a geniously gratifying combination.
I wanted to love Sin City Wings, but I didn't. They drew a large crowd during StrEATs. After lengthy wait, we had grub in hand. I don't often like chicken on the bone, so we went with tenders. We couldn't decide on a sauce so we sprung for a second sauce for 50 cents and they left them naked. Armed with Feinberg and Hot Buffalo sauce we dug in. 

The Hot Buffalo sauce was not terribly hot or tasty. After one dunk we stuck with the Feinberg, the spicy apricot was the way to go. However, while the breading is crisp is too thick. I prefer I much lighter coating. The homemade ranch is very watery and no better than most bottled versions. 

The addition of macaroni salad (watery) and bread (dry) seems like carb overkill. It seem like an afterthought, rather than a balanced combo.
Me and my teenage boys tried SinCity Wings during an outdoor movie in the park event and they are amazing!! Huge fingers dunked in perfect homemade ranch, and the best macaroni salad the boys & I ever tasted. The fries are fresh... the kind you have to eat fast!! We got them hot out of the fryer before our meals were ready and they were the perfect appetizer. We will definitely be following them around town!
They were AMAZING!!!  We had them cater our daughter's birthday party.  The communication was fantastic and quick, the price per person was affordable, they were helpful in suggestions, they showed up on time and prepared, they were SUPER FRIENDLY and so helpful. 

One of my guests thought the sauce was a little spicy and Bobby was more than happy to create a new sauce just for him.  Another guest was a vegetarian and they made sure that she had something to enjoy spur of the moment.  

The food portions were more than enough, the fingers were fresh, the sauces were great!!!  My guests were thrilled and some went for seconds!!!  Just overall an amazing experience!!!  I would HIGHLY recommend Sin City Wings to anyone!!!
Hands down, the best wings I've ever had. I'm not a big fan of spicy or hot wings, and normally spring for a honey BBQ type of sauce. The aptly named "Bobby-Q" after the owner, is a nice mix of BBQ and some special ingredients. 

Let me say this, in my mind, the tenders with Bobby-Q sauce put BWW to shame. 

The truck only offers full size wings (massive), and long tenders, but no bite size nibblers that are normally common among wing establishments... No worries, just more chicken per bite :) 

Couple that with the friendly service and the reasonable price ($8 for a combo, includes bun, ranch, and homemade mac salad), this is a truck that I shall follow valley wide... 

(PS: Tip a $1 to see what happens, quite hilarious)
We have tried these @ Vegas StrEats, First Friday, and again today @ a food truck party @ Tommy Rockers. The Bobby Q, the Buffalo Bills, and the Oscar Goodman were all excellent. Thumbs Up. They are attentive. The food is very fresh. The sauces are fantastic. We almost sought them out four days in a row. It would have been five stars if they brought some tables and chairs for us to use.
Sin City Wings really is a one-of-a kind wing experience. I've never experienced food that's as hot, yet bursting with flavor. I was also unfamiliar with the concept of a "naked" wing, meaning there isn't any breading - absolutely delicious. 

Being from out of town, I also got to learn more about some of Vegas' locals. The wings are named after several iconic figures, including the Oscar Goodman, which was my favorite wing and extremely hot, yet flavorful. I also have to mention the pot stickers because they are awesome and rolled in the same spicy sauce as the wings.

If you're cruising around the strip and happen to see the yellow wing truck, I would definitely recommend giving it a try!
I really  am a big fan of wings,I am totally addicted to their Bobby Q,
I will travel far and wide to find this truck! Hoping they get a location permanently soon!
Just like my last time at StrEATs, instead of going to a usual suspect like Slidin' Thru, I went for something new like last time. 

The food itself = delicious, everything else was a little bit mediocre. 

The line wasn't all that long at all, the wait for the food on the other hand was over 30 minutes. The food was pretty damn good but I don't know if I can say it was worth the wait. 

I ordered the tenders with their version of buffalo sauce (they give weird names to all of their sauces) and seasoned fries. The buffalo sauce was so hot that my nose started running because of it (that might be a little too much information, I know) and it was mild! At the same time it had a strangely sweet kick to it. I could have done without those leaves that they decorated the chicken with though (cilantro? basil? I really don't know since it didn't taste like anything). The curly fries were so skinny and greasy, I LOVED THEM.

The price was kind of steep for food truck standards, but they offered Shasta Tiki Punch and moist towelettes to wipe your hands after one is done savoring their wings.

Oh, by the way, I was finally face to face with Misti for the first time, and I probably have to thank this food truck for that! She was at the Yelp booth which was set up right next to this truck and was kind of hidden, I may have never noticed it otherwise, knowing me. 

The Final Verdict:

Pros:
Well...they're chicken wings and tenders! When are they not tasty?
Divine fries. 
They provide moist towelettes. 
Meeting Misti.

Cons:
Long wait for your food.
Rather steep for a food truck, and there was only one combo deal (which involved yucky looking macaroni salad and dry looking bread).

Suggestions: There should at least be a combo deal for chicken wings and either fries or mozzarella sticks. Although, personally if you ask me seeing that chicken takes a hell of a lot longer to cook than a burger in the first place, a chicken wing food truck isn't the best idea in the world. 

Would I return? Depends on where they are, probably not at Vegas StrEATs again though.
Ya know what's funny? I don't really care for wings. Sure, I'll go eat them with friends, but I'm never "wowed" by them. Never. Not once. But that all changed when I took a visit to Sin City Wings. 

In my opinion, what makes Sin City Wings special is that they do everything well across the board - from ingredients to preparation and service. On the topic of ingredients, they use nice pieces of chicken. These are chicken wings afterall, but even among them, these were good sized pieces. 

Another thing Sin City Wing does well is their frying (believe me - I'm hyper critical about this stuff). The chicken was crispy on the outside, moist well cooked chicken on the inside. If you're a texture guy like I am, you'll appreciate it. 

I've also tried most of their flavors and have to tell you - THEY ARE KILLER. In fact, I've recently put on my bucket list that one day, I'd like to bath in their Raspberry Chili BBQ sauce. Yes, it is that good. I'm quite astonished that most (if not all?) of their sauces are made in-house. 

While I'm the subject of sauces, I actually want to say that I disagree with Kellee's review of their ranch. I found it to be great for dipping and the fact that it wasn't too thick let me make sure that I could taste the chicken and not just get a mouthful of salad dressing.

So who should come here? Anybody (Yes, I mean you). If you like wings, then you'll love this place. If you don't like wings and were like me (didn't care for wings), you should come here anyways. Because of Sin City Wings, I am now a believer of how good a chicken wing (or tender) can be. Of course, now I'm totally ruined unless they come up to Seattle. 

The bottom line: Eat here. Wipe your hands off. Eat here again. Do eeeeeet! 

P.S. - Get your chicken tenders breaded and forever thank me.
So After 2 visits to this place...Once at First Friday, and once at StrEATs, I'm still not sure what I think about this place. This review is going to be an average of the two experiences.

A combo box is $8 & comes with 1 lb. of wings (usually about 6) because these are some serious chicken wings, macaroni salad, a basic dinner roll & some ranch dressing that is ridiculously good. 
The sauces are pretty amazing from my 2 experiences.

The 1st time the wings were OK, but they were breaded & fried which I'm not a fan of at all when it comes to wings. I got the Feinberg sauce, which was amazing in my opinion. Just the right balance of sweet from the apricot and spicy. If they wings had not been breaded and the consistency not so soft and full of grizzle then I may have enjoyed them a little more.
The 2nd time I had the wings i got the Buffalo Bill wings, which were perfect.They are very spicy and these wings are almost as big around as they are long. They were perfectly deep fried.
Next time I go though I'll probably just skip out on the combo box since I didn't even eat the mac salad or the dinner roll. Just the wings is $1 cheaper.

Other than the wings they have a pretty unique menu with things like:
Fried Potstickers
Fried Pickles
Mozzarella sticks
& of course the wings you can get as either regular wings or breast tenders.

I'm going to have to try this place a few more times with a few more options on the wings before I can get more of a consensus conclusion.
went to Vegas Streets this weekend to eat of coarse and it was only an OK experience. Tried the raspberry chili BBQ. Flavors were good and the wings were decent size. i just can't believe the price.This town lacks a good wing scene. I was spoiled growing up on the east coast. Local bars would have "wing night" were they would be .15 to .25 cents a piece. Well were not in Kansas anymore i guess.
You know the kind of review that you just don't want to have to write, but you feel like it's your duty as a Yelper to express your opinion whether good or bad.... yeah... that's this review.

Despite the positive reviews I read and the couple of people that told me to give them a try, I have to admit I was more than disappointed with Sin City Wings. I hate writing bad or negative reviews especially for a place where the staff was friendly.

I was so excited to try them at the Vegas StrEATS festival this past weekend and I had heard that I needed to try the Buffalo Potstickers along with the chicken wings. I wasn't in the mood for wings, especially considering seating was limited and I felt like that would be a mess. So I ordered chicken tenders with the raspberry sweet and spicy sauce and the buffalo potstickers.

They advertise FRESH, NEVER FROZEN right on their sign but the door was open in the back and the cook was definitely pulling chicken and potstickers out of pre-packaged bags from the supermarket. Now, I can't say if they were frozen or not (they looked it) but they definitely were pre-packaged. Was very tempted to go ask for my money back right then and there but decided to wait it out and try the food. (Should have gone with this plan though)

The potstickers were just regular tasting potstickers with sauce poured on top that didn't go together all that well. I ate one and didn't touch anymore. The chicken tenders were tossed in the sauce (by tossed, I mean not even enough sauce to cover each each piece of chicken). The sauce was decent except it was hard to taste it considering the chicken to sauce ratio. Ended up not finishing these either and there were two of us eating them.

Very disappointed and I really do hope that I can one day update this review for the better (see: Bachi Burger), but for now, it remains one star and that is only because the staff was friendly.
I will preface this with, I am not a wing eater and I did not try their wings when we sampled their food the other evening at the FSE event.

I did however get the potsticker with the sweet sauce and I thought it was really good and while I would have liked to have gone back to get more, I feel that it's a little rude to keep going back and going back for the free stuff. SO I was a good Yelper and just tried a little which was enough to make me want to try another round the next time I can find them :-)
At one of the Yelp events in Las Vegas earlier this month, Sin City Wings was on hand, giving out samples of their chicken wings and pot stickers.  While this was an uncommon duo, they worked very well together, especially with their sweet Bobby Q sauce (names after their own Chef Bobby).  I will say that the chicken wing tasted a little better than the pot sticker, but I would eat either of them again in a heartbeat.
This review is based on my experience with Sin City Wings in conjunction with Ben's BBQ at a recent corporate event. 

The 2 trucks catered our summer employee (1000+ people) picnic 2 weeks ago at Floyd Lamb State Park. We are still receiving compliments from the employees on our choice of food. 

The menu consisted of pulled pork sandwiches, chipotle lime cole slaw and peppered corn. For those with restricted diets (or kids) there were turkey hot dogs, veggie burgers and beef hot links. The pulled pork was simply delectable. It was tender and moist and had the perfect balance of smoke and flavor. The bread tasted fresh from the bakery and the sauces that accompanied the sandwiches were all equally gratifying. The spicy BBQ sauce had some serious kick! The cole slaw was outstanding, mixing chipotle flavor into a traditional southern staple was ingenious especially when added to the sandwich! The peppered corn was so tasty and seasoned people were coming back asking for seconds. They also served 300+ pounds of the sweetest watermelon I've tasted since I left the south. 

The staff were all attentive and genial. The guy who carved all of the watermelon in the 100+ degree heat, did so with a smile on his face, never once complaining. The owner of the business has one of those personalities that belongs on a comedic stage. He socialized, danced and interacted with the employees all while overseeing the food service. I admire the fact that he wasn't afraid to get dirty, always assisting wherever he was needed. They served all 1000 of our employees in a few hours without ever having a line or a long wait. Our expectations were exceeded in every aspect and I can't wait to use them again for our next big corporate event. I've heard that they are opening a restaurant soon and I will definitely have to check it out.
We tried Sin City Wings for the first time this past Saturday night at Vegas StrEATS and I am SO glad we did. It was amazing. 

Let me start by commenting that though there was quite a long line, it moved quickly and the woman taking our order was very pleasant and friendly even though I'm sure it had been a long and busy night for her.

My husband and I each ordered a box deal which includes 8 pieces of chicken (wings or tenders, your choice...we opted for tenders) in your choice of one of 5 homemade sauces, macaroni salad, a piece of bread, and a side of their amazing homemade ranch for dipping. Oh em gee was it delicious!!! 

The chicken tenders were fresh and crispy on the outside, juicy and delicious on the inside...but that's just the beginning. Lets talk about the SAUCE, which in my opinion was the highlight of the meal. Hubby had the Feinberg which was a sweet apricot sauce with just a hint of spice, and I had the Bobby Q, their signature barbeque sauce. Both were equally outstanding. To compare them would be apples and oranges because one is sweet and spicy and the other is bold and tangy, but both are awesome. 

The macaroni salad was good, but it was just macaroni salad...nothing special. The bread, while ordinary, can double as a vessel for sopping up extra wing sauce as well as the amazing ranch sauce. You're probably thinking, "eww, ranch on bread." But trust me, this is not Hidden Valley. The ranch is so good that you'll want to dip something in it. And though it is intended for the chicken, the sauce already on the chicken is so good that it feels a shame to guild such a succulent lily. 

All in all, I highly recommend checking out this truck.
Pretty good wings; we had to try them at Vegas strEATS and were impressed with the tastiness of the bone-in wings. My companion and I got some wings and our friends got fried pickles and an order of fries. Upon getting to the front of the line my companion and I were feeling something spicy, so we asked about the Buffalo Hot and the Oscar "Ghost Chili" Goodman sauces.

Our buddy at the truck informed us that the Buffalo Hot lets you taste the spice AND the chicken whereas the Oscar Goodman (I love the naming scheme so much) only tasted like burning fire. We ordered the buffalo hot wanting to be able to taste the interplay of flavors.

The chicken meat was tender and juicy - pretty good wings. However, I was very disappointed with the spice! There was no kick at all to these wings - they should make an intermediate 'heat' step between Oscar Goodman and Buffalo hot as an option for those who like their Thai food 7/10! The fried pickles were amazing. Surprising? Not really. Fried pickles always rock. Sin City has some solid wings and I've gotta give love to the cool atmosphere of the food-truck.
There was no line at this wings truck when I rolled by, but they wait for your order before putting a single wing in the fryer apparently?? "Everything is cooked-to-order" they said.
You would think that running a hot wings truck at a fair like this for years, they would have a slight clue that since their only menu items are wings, and they are called sin  city wings, that pretty much everyone orders wings. They should have had a couple wings going at all times, so it really made no sense.

I sat there 30 minutes and watched them average maybe 1 order of wings every 5 minutes. It was beyond pathetic, and they screwed up my order and made me wait 30 minutes to watch their pathetic display of 3 men in a truck and 6 fryers that were outputting less than one wing per minute.

If you want to pay cash only and wait over 30 minutes for a dozen or ten wings go ahead. If you pay credit, be prepared for a possible mishap. I never even got my wings, and returned the order with my credit card but was still charged!

If you are hungry, go eat anywhere but here
Sin City Wings met more than my standards I expected and they will see me again.

One thing that bothered me was the amount of time it took to make the food. I like that it's fresh, but it's not a place to go to when there's a few people in front of you and there's no shade on a hot day. Though, if there's a time where the sun isn't beaming down on you, it's a great place to go get your chicken wing/tender fit.

I ordered a box deal which was $10. It's a bit pricey but that's expected for food trucks, so as a food truck fanatic I didn't mind. The box deal included wings/tenders, fries, sauce, and bread. The fries were served in a good amount and they were made the way I like (crispy outside and soft inside, but not burning inside). Sorry for the vague description of the fries. The sauce is just normal ranch served in those plastic containers. The bread was just normal to me, but more for you buck in my opinion lol. I forgot the name of the flavor of the wings, but it was fantastic.It said it was sweet and spicy, but it was majority sweet and no spice, but I eat a lot of spicy so maybe I would have to try a more spicy flavor.

I would definitely come back and I recommend it toward others.
OMG! The Oscar Goodman wings were seriously XXX hot. A hint of Ghost Chili? My lips were burning on fire. The bread and fries were a must to try and tamp out the 3 alarm fire in my mouth. The wings were meaty and I'm sure if I had been smarter and  selected the slightly milder sauce I would have been able to fully enjoy them. 

If I get a chance to try this truck again I truly will I'll just make a smarter sauce choice :)
Sin City has hooked it up for me a few times and I really dig 'em. I like the variety in sauces they provide. There's something for everyone, whether you want to actually set your tastebuds on fire or if you're like me and can barely handle the word spice. 

I really enjoy their Raspberry Chili and the Bobbi Q. ALSO - they make a mean macaroni salad :D
I'm not a huge fan of food trucks. Long lines usually deter me from making the effort, but they came to a work function so I made the exception. 

Lines were long, as expected. It took about 40 minutes from stepping in line until I finally got my food. There was only one guy handling the order-taking and cooking for a while until someone else came to help. I decided on the box with honey buffalo wings and fries. We found a shady place under a tree to wait for our names to be called. 

The order was finally ready and we dug in. The flavors were really good. Sweet but still really nice and spicy. The fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. After waiting outside for so long on a hot day I lost a bit of my appetite and only ended up eating about half my order. Food was still solid and I'd recommend the wings here. I'm pretty curious about the Feinberg and Raspberry Chili flavors. I'm a big fan of the sweet and spicy combinations.
This truck is AMAZING. We showed up about 5 minutes before close (we thought closing was an hour later, we're not those kinds of jerks) and proceeded to order pretty much one of everything on the menu.

 I do not like pickles or sweet potatoes. Their fried pickles were delightful. Crispy, crunchy, a pickle flavor I enjoyed. The rest of the party really loved the sweet potato tots, they had a nice texture and I liked them until I tasted the sweet potato. According to my friend who is a big fan of sweet potato, these were the best she ever had. 

They also have potstickers, which sounds odd for a wings truck, but it was an awesome Asian-BBQ fusion. Imagine really good potstickers from a classy Asian restaurant  drizzled in wing sauce and I believe ranch sauce. They have mastered the crispy on the outside, soft and chewy on the middle cooking style. 

And now on to the main event, the wings. Oh, dear mother of God, the wings. Before we even talk about flavor, we need to talk about the succulence of the chicken. I've never had wings so moist and tender, to the point after you start chewing it just gets better. The skin on the outside was crispy in all the right places while still having a little chewy spot. We accidentally ordered two orders of spicy instead of one spicy, one sweet, so we didn't get to try the sweet. The spicy was about a level 2.5 out of 5. It wasn't hot just for the sake of being hot, which is a big pet peeve of mine. 

The first taste of the sauce is a smokiness and then you get just a pop of heat. We were literally licking our fingers, despite the pile of napkins at our side. The prices are completely reasonable ($8 for six wings and a side of fries), the portions are generous (the chicken wings were all at least 3 inches long and meaty), a full basket of pickle slices, a side of ranch with everything. If you get a chance to try this truck out, do it.

I would happily give them 5 stars if they had a bigger social media presence, but as it stands, they update facebook and twitter maybe twice a month so it's hard to know where they are or plan on going.
As of recently, UNLV has had a campus-wide invasion of delicious food trucks. Since I'm on campus for about 13 hours a day because of work and school, I really don't have a lot of time to make myself lunch for the next day, so the appearance of these delicious foodmobiles has been both a blessing and a curse. Sin City Wings just so happened to be one of those delicious food trucks that decided to conveniently park right next to my office on campus.

Now I am one of the biggest wing fanatics to ever walk the earth, and let me tell you, these wings are pretty darn tasty. My favorite thing to order is a box combo, which comes with wings, fries, and a drink all for $10. There's about 5 sauces to choose from, but my personal favorite would have to be the Bobby Q. The Bobby Q offers you a familiar barbecue taste, with a hint of spicy mixed it. It's delicious on the wings and their amazing fries. If you're feeling daring and love some heat, I would recommend getting their "Oscar Goodman" option. This option has ghost chilies in it, and is so spicy it even made my boyfriend sweat (and trust me, he can handle his spicy food like a champ).

Sin City Wings really is a gem among food trucks, and if you ever get the chance to give them a try, do it!
So I stopped here because the buffalo potstickers caught my eye.  I wanted to get some for my sister who adores buffalo sauce. I ordered that and fried pickels. I was second in line and the order took a good 10 minutes. Really? They move slower then molasses. On a high note the pickles were scorching hot when they handed them over but were swimming in grease. (Had a mini grease lake in the bottom) the potstickers came second. I was so excited to try them because of the unique flavors. The presentation was beautiful, professional and you could tell then took pride in their work. The flavors.... the buffalo sauce didn't taste like buffalo at all. It was sweet and mild. Not tangy at all. They also put some sort of cream sauce as a garnish which was good as well. I thought the pot stickers could have been cooked longer, but I'm just picky. I would go back here, but only if the sauce was a true tangy buffalo sauce. My sister LOVED them on the other hand. Not bad for 5$ a plate. Would have been 4 starts if it was faster and more buffalo like.
Third time was the longest wait yet.  The wings are great but the service is very slow.  Fast food it ain't.
Slow. SLOW. SLOW TO THE EXTREME. Even for a food truck the wait times are ridiculously long. I can understand that good food takes time but this is ridiculous. It doesn't help that there's only one "chef" in the truck trying to pump out all the orders. 

Let's get into portion sizes -- $10.50 is a decent amount for a combo with no drink. And boy do the portions vary. Having three people order together and seeing the mad difference in the amount of food you get is a prime way to get people pissed off. 

The flavor is good though, but I don't know if the prices and the wait warrant a taste. And I don't know if it was just me, but when you're out of something, doesn't it make sense to cross it off your dry erase menu?!

Pro Tip: Pay attention to what people outside your truck are saying. When people are getting pissed when served out of order or waiting for 30 minutes, it probably means you're not doing something right.
Usually this food truck is closer to the Student Union instead of Lied Library, so I normally don't go to it, but I decided to try it one day when it was closer to where I was.

I ordered the Bobby Q boneless wings because that's how I roll and I enjoy most things with bbq sauce on it. The wait felt rather long, especially since I was hungry and I had plenty of studying to do. I didn't think it would fill me up, but it did and it was delicious. I enjoy wings and I'd come back to eat at this food truck whenever I can, at least if I have the time to wait for it.
We are always looking for a wing expert that is able to surprise us with unexpected flavors and the menu offered at Sin City Wings looked promising.

They were perched up at First Friday 6/6/14 and we decided to put an order in for THE FEINBERG - "Sweet apricot infused with spicy chilies. More sweet than heat." Note- we are devout spice lovers and eaters, so we were really excited about the flavor combination of sweet apricot and chilies... I guess we failed to notice it state, more sweet than heat. There was no heat or chili flavor at all in the sauce (well, according to my spice and chili loving tastebuds.) The sweet apricot flavor was light and the overall flavor of the sauce was bland. We also strongly felt that the wings could of used some more salt before they were cooked and sauced. The chicken was just so bland. 

The wings were cooked well, not crispy, but moist. They also looked like meaty little guys, but they had quite a bit of fat. Unfortunately, the fatty parts made the texture of the wings mushy and unappetizing.

However, I have to disclose, the ranch sauce they gave us was absolutely delicious (we think they infused it with roasted garlic?) It took the wing from OK to better. Definitely one of the better ranches that I've tasted in my time.
The chicken strips are fresh, juicy and overall good.  I didn't care for the fries, they remind me of the bags of frozen fries you buy in the freezer isle at any grocery store.  The sauce is decent, I didn't even ask if they had alternatives such as ranch, I really hope so for next time.  The sweet tea was good but I feel like it's hard to mess that up anyway.  I think Raising Cane's needs more variety as they are just a bit too simple.
We loved Raising Cane's when we visited Vegas and wished we had this place in Phoenix.  Our wish came true! New hot spot, the parking lot was full of RC customers (we had to park across the street @ Olive Garden), chicken is hot and crunchy like we remembered in Vegas location, friendly customer service and friendly & fun atmosphere.  We now wish for a location close to North Scottsdale:) Whenever we are in Phx, we will stop for some yummy RC!
What could a name like Raising Cane's possibly be? Well, it proved to be genius when the owner decided to use his dog's name to sell hot, fresh chicken fingers! Its all I think about now.  

Having only consumed twice, I can happily say, I am addicted!  The only places I can remotely compare them to here locally are Popeye's, Church's, and KFC.  But honestly, I feel like they are in a separate league.

What they offer is uber simple, yet crazy addicting.  Chicken Fingers + Crinkle Fries + Coleslaw + Buttery Toast, wait a second? Buttery Toast? That's right.  And then they pack their "secret" sauce that you must dip into! Its the chicken finger's sidekick!  I mean, can Batman really save Gotham without Robin? Come'on! ;-p

The beauty of their chicken fingers is how the batter is light and thin, yet full of flavor!  I could barely detect any kind of grease!  The chicken meat is perfectly tender! And their "secret" sauce is like a peppery thousand island with other unknown variables!  I personally come for the sauce!

Their crinkle fries are some of the best I've ever had, crispy and simply delicious! The coleslaw is average at best but I like how the cabbage is diced into perfect little squares! The sesame toast is lightly buttered and can be enjoyed by itself! Who doesn't like that?!

The two times I have dropped by, I always got the Combo Box Meal.  Comes with 4 pieces of chicken, fries, coleslaw, toast, and a soft drink (crushed ice) for $7 and something cents.  Apparently, it's their most popular.

Quit thinking about it, go get some! Look for the logo of a dog with shades on.

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/52sY8-9al5LJi475nNJkyQ?select=VFGVABajhQN8F2M4suGwdA
I love the fact that this place has a simple menu and a very casual and relaxed vibe:  posters of singers from the 70s, a disco mirror ball, very friendly staff members who seem to be having a lot of fun as they work. The chicken fingers are good - light and crunchy, seasoned just right. Crinkle-cut fries were OK, although I wish the Texas toast were a little more garlicky. I'm glad to have this cool addition to the businesses in my neighborhood.
My friend had recommended that he enjoyed this place when he was in Vegas.  They finally brought the first franchise location out in the valley. Raising Cane is a paradise for any chicken fingers lover.  There are movie posters all around inside the restaurant and even in the bathroom area.  A disco ball above is rotating and reflecting light beams down while you place your order.  They have plenty of spaces for parking.  The chicken fingers were really crispy, but nothing too special.   I do like the Texas Toast.  As Norm mentioned, I wish it was more garlicky as well.  The coleslaw was far too wet for me.  I think the Cane's sauce was similar to one of Arby's sauce. I so wanted to give them more stars, however there are so many places that have better chicken strips for that price.
Best chicken strips I've ever had!  The sauce is SO good!  Fries, bread, coleslaw...was all ok.  The chicken strips is all I'll order next time, and lots of them!
Wow. It's not often I give a place less than three stars unless I had a real bad experience there, like shit service, huge wait or a cockroach in the pudding. In this case, I'll make a unique exception because I encountered none of those. Confused? Read on.

The wife went here last night and grabbed dinner on the way to meet me and the kid. It's. Just. Chicken. Strips. HOW can you make any sort of chain restaurant based on that? It's bland and literally the most boring meal I've ever had. Just one (SMALL) step up from a glass of water in flavor. Let's break it down: tasteless chicken with breading that makes even Church's, arguably the blandest food in the state, taste passable; shoestring crinkle-cut fries - like Del Taco's but half as thick (why?!); boring coleslaw; boring sauce. Probably the tastiest thing in the box was the soft buttered toast, but hell if I can't make that myself at home, right? It's just so absolutely pointless to go to this place. Go ANYwhere else. Mexican, burger, whatever. I'd rather eat airline food, seriously. I felt like I needed to dip the damn chicken in sulfuric acid in the desperate hope that that could revive my clinically dead tastebuds five minutes into the meal. And chicken strips are ALL they had on the menu, with the sides as mentioned above! I was still vaguely hungry but quit eating my Caniac with half the meal to go, it was THAT un-special. Chick Fil-A is a dozen orders of magnitude better than this place. At least ~they~ have some sort of flavour. Making different kinds of breading available and giving the option for dark (== flavour) meat chicken would go a long way towards getting this place an extra star. Making three, in case you aren't counting. I appreciated the high-rating reviews I read prior to going here - additional reviews from those reviewers will help me profile restaurants I will NEVER eat at and save me a crapload of angst and cash in the future. But take your kids here. They'll love it. It's why I gave it one more star than I was planning to.

About a pound of half-eaten meal went into the trash last night. Won't ever happen again. Wife, it wasn't your fault, it was mine. And Yelp's. (presses period key on keyboard at the end of that sentence so hard that the plastic splits)
This is a great fast food alternative for chicken lovers.  The chicken has great taste, the sauce is flavorful and has a southern soulful flavor.  Staff is friendly and the coleslaw is not bad either.  The box combo is one of my lunch alternative faves.  This is a great alternative to the usual burger joints.
The hubs and I decided to check this place out Friday night. 

We loaded up the pup and headed off. 

We always roll through drive thrus and go home to eat. The staff there was sooooo friendly! They even gave our dog a little doggy biscuit, how cool is that! 

The meal itself was tasty. The breading is like a light crackery crisp yumminess going on. The sauce is great but wish there were other options. The coleslaw was tasty. Hubs went nuts over the bread but I wish it was toasted on both sides. The fries are nothing special, but ok. 

We really liked this place a lot and will for sure be back!
This place is awesome.....food is amazing. The sauce is to die for. The fries are so good and the service is amazing as well. Please go try for yourself. I love this place.
PROS: The chicken is good, sauce is ok, crinkle-cut fries are good, the toast I can do without, don't like coleslaw so I can't comment about it.

CONS: The portions are small.  For the money, I'd rather have Church's.  Their portions are bigger and just as good.
First of all it's right next to the freeway so it's hard to even turn in. Then you get there and there's limited parking cause it's soooo busy. Your options to order are Chicken fingers, chicken fingers and chicken fingers.(I understand it's a finger joint but lets have some other options) I order and the food comes out quick. The fingers aren't  even crispy and the sauce is some weird Thousand Island/Ranch/Peppercorn.Then the fingers are  Non-crispy! So you're saying you cant make the one thing you have on the menu?! So we're sitting at a large table for a little lunch business meeting and the Manager comes up to us and with a snarky tone brings up that we have to pay by the minute. Hahahaha. One of those, "I'm kidding but not kidding" kind of remarks. Crowd was casual biz. Don't recommend it and don't see what the hype is about.
All they have here is chicken fingers. That being said, they are pretty good. They are nice and tender. I was not a big fan of the Cane's sauce. To me it tasted like one of the Hamburger Helper sauces. The Texas toast was very tasty as well. 
I got the Cane's box combo meal which is 3 fingers,fries,a piece of toast, a cup of coleslaw, and a drink. It will run you just over $8. Like I said before pretty tasty overall, as it should be if you specialize in only one type of food. I would recommend it to others. I will go back myselfs as well.
Chicken fingers!!! Husband has noticed the sign the past few weeks on his commute, so we decided to try it out. The menu consists of: chicken fingers, fries, coleslaw, Texas toast and a chicken sandwich (which is chicken fingers on a kaiser w/lettuce & sauce). The fingers were awesome - tender, juicy and crispy. The Cane's sauce was good, but I'm not a super fan of it. I usually don't like cafeteria-style fat soggy crinkle fries, but these were thin and crisp - so yum! The "Texas toast" kinda looked (and tasted) like a hot dog bun. It had a weird yeasty/frozen taste, and was not super crunchy. Overall, it's decent, and I will be back.
Was not all that impressed.  I have hade better chicken strips from a bar
For a while I saw this place being built and finally it opened.  I was excited to finally try it, but I went a while before I actually did.

Im a huge fan of anything chicken and I guess I thought this was a wing place before seeing that it was literally all chicken fingers.  Ok, no problem.

The food is good.. but nothing blew me away.  I ordered their 4 chicken finger meal, which I guess is very popular.  It came with a side of fries, a piece of garlic bread and some slaw.  My favorite coleslaw is still the one from KFC.  The bread was soft and tasty and the chicken was ok.  The sauce they gave you to dip it in helped.

So it was good.  Would I go back? Sure, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
I love chicken fingers, and Cane's does them right! The batter is light and crispy, not greasy, and the chicken is fresh and juicy. Coleslaw has good flavor, fries are hot and crispy. Fresh squeezed lemonade is good, though I like it a little tangier. The sauce is good, a little peppery. 
I agree with other reviewers that more variety would be good, like a salad or some kind of vegetable. 
I will definitely be back, because the chicken tenders are really good.
Was really hoping to find an alternative to my favorite chicken place as I suffer intense guilt every time I go there due to the fact that our "family values" are not aligned. Unfortunately, Raising Cane was not the answer.

There is not a single "healthy" way to order -- seriously, you can't put something GREEN on the menu? Say, a few strips on a bed of lettuce, as an option? 

It's chicken strips, fries, bread and slaw (optional). Period. The only question is a matter of specific quantities. The chicken was good, but not "as" good and there is ONE type of sauce for dipping, and I do not care for it.  

So, I tried but it looks like I'll still be battling my conscience next time I'm craving a chicken sandwich.
If you like simple, Raising Cane's is the place to go.  All they serve is chicken strips so do not come here if you are thinking you can get an alternative because you cannot.  I love the flavor of the chicken and I love the crinkle cut fries!  The toast is really good and the Cane's sauce is some of the best I have had!
Was kind of excited to check this plcae out. Especially since my kids love chicken fingers and order that wherever we go. Walked in and loved the charm of this place, big posters of Elvis, Beatles, movie posters like Hangover 2, dispecible me... Catchy music blaring and a disco ball hanging over the register area. My kids loved it already, but once we got over all of that and read the small menu I was shocked. I looove chicken fingers, but I just can't believe that's all they had along with fries and cole slaw..that's it ? Really??... we went ahead and ordered, the food was very good,but we really wanted other things than just fries. They need more sides, more choices in dipping sauce. The kids wanted ranch, not the peppery ,tangy sweet sauce they offered. Hubby wanted mashed potatos n' gravy and wasn't crazy about the runny cole slaw, I would have loved some buffalo wing sauce..but all they had was fries, toast, cole slaw and their special sauce. Like I said food was good, atmosphere charming, but no choices in menu. Everyone gets the same thing basiclly. I will be back though, food was good, simple and I know kids will eat it!
Not much on the menu but their chicken is good, better than Chick-Fil-A. I got the box combo 4 Chicken Fingers, Fries, Coleslaw, 1 Cane's Sauce, Texas Toast, Regular Drink. I thought they had more sauces but they don't, it's only 1 and it's nasty. It taste like ketchup, black pepper, and mayonnaise all together. Yuk! lol I notice the outside kind of looks like Culver's..
I was excited to try the chicken fingers as I had been craving some all day. This was my first time here so I didn't really know what the menu was. Actually thought that the streamlined menu was good. I figured since the menu was simple that everything would be very good. I ordered two "Box" combos. The chicken tenders were tender but had no flavor. How can your signature item be bland. The Texas toast also had no butter or garlic flavor and was barely toasted. The fries were just basic small crinkle cut fries but did not hold any salt on them. The cole slaw was ok but not great. The best part of the meal was the sauce but I really wasn't expecting to have to drown the chicken tenders in sauce to give them flavor.  I had high hopes but was very disappointed.
Raising Cane's is has taken Phoenix by Storm with its new locations.  They build from the ground up, so all their locations look the same and thus are brand new and super clean.

The food was fair, I was hoping for more of a Chik-fil-a style nugget or stripe, but instead got large strips that were pretty heavy with greasy fried coating.  The price was also high for a fast food value meal. 

I would drive the extra few miles to hit up a Chik-fil-a vs. going to the Cane's that is closer to my house, but its worth a try just to check out this new chain the valley of the sun.
I was hoping this would great but they were not! The chicken was decent but the proportions were small, especially compared to the pictures on the menu. The chicken was a little greasy but I could live with that if everything else was good. Also, their signature sauce was bland, I switched to their only other choice, honey mustard.
All in all not worth the effort.  Too expensive for too little. Go to Shanes Shack instead.
Chicken is bland, but otherwise, no harm. 
Texas Toast is hardly toast, no butter or garlic flavor.
NO CHEESE!?!  (and ultimately no veggies, but that's really not a problem for me).

the rest of the items are decent, but nothing memorable about them.
I love me some fried chicken!
Once you've raised some Cane's you'll never go anywhere else again!  Amazingly fresh, authentic, and the sauce is terific!
I have to laugh at the fact that someone below seemed irritated by the lack of 'healthy' choices. It's a place serving fried chicken. If you want healthy, you started off in the wrong place. Fast food is never healthy, not even when you're ordering a salad. Enough of my rant on common sense from the masses. 

This place does a very few things and they do them all well. I have been here several times. The chicken, fries, toast and cole slaw are always good. Is it going to send you screaming out to tell all your friends? Probably not. But it's good and their menu is easy to order from. It's also better chicken than you will find at probably 90% of the normal fast food drive-throughs. 

It's definitely a place I like hitting up when I can and I will continue to do so. I have yet to have anything there that was a turn off.
Just thinking about this place makes me drool....somebody hand me a napkin.  They only serve one thing, so if you aren't in the mood for chicken fingers and fries....go elsewhere!  They have a drive-thru window and also a dining area inside.  Clean, casual, excellent food.  Their fries could use a little seasoning but the juicy chicken tenders and their special sauce are AWESOME!!  Special sauce is creamy, looks similar to thousand island but with a little kick to it.  Gotta love this place!  I brought my mom here when she visited from out of state, and she is dying to come back to visit just so she can munch on some more chicken fingers.
This is a newer chicken place in town. They server Chicken Fingers, Toast, Fries, and their special Sauce.
If anyone has ever been to Lucky Wishbone in Tucson, it very much reminds me of their chicken fingers meal.
It is excellent and their homemade lemon aid is to die for. We always have to order extra because we fight over it. 

Slightly pricy for a fast food place, but you do get the quality you pay for and they have a club called the Caniac Club you can sign up for and get free meals.

Whats not to love? As my 2 year old says "Bok Bok Chicky!!!"
They do have some good chicken fingers but other than that they are over-rated and over priced.  Their lemonade is excellent but they charge for refills.  Cane sauce was good.

Overall, I will not be a repeat customer.
What are my choices? Chicken tenders, fries, toast, slaw......umm ok I'll have the tenders with toast. No.slaw please.... Over priced for overrated tenders. They're ok but nothing to go out of my way for. I certainly won't be a repeat customer. Their special sauce taste bland in my opinion. I prefer Popeyes chicken.
Raising Canes needs at least mash potatoes and gravy! Wtf?
Also that billboard they have off the I-17 Peoria exit needs to change.... I know the dog is what inspired the name of the place ok I get it but what are you advertising? It looks like dog food. Lol. I seriously thought it was dog food til I stopped by QT next to it and realized it was a fast food joint. Overall nothing special here... Go to Popeyes.
I think that was just about the worst meal I ever ate.
I ended up throwing half of it away.
Yuck
I've been wanting to eat here since it opened and had high expectations from the new chicken joint on the block.  I was underwhelmed:

The strips themselves seem to be of higher quality than other places but the overall flavor just isn't there.  The fries, cole slaw, and toast are all pretty ok and nothing special.  Standard stuff.  The dipping sauce that some people rave about is also just ok.  It tastes almost like thick Italian dressing and marinara sauce mixed with a hint of ranch.  It is ok at best and is just weird with chicken strips.

The price is a bit high.  I got one of the meal deal things and it was almost 10 bucks.  Not horrible but not a stellar value either.

On the other hand, the drive through line was pretty fast during the lunch rush and the workers were friendly.  Anyway, the next time I feel like eating a junk-food-heart-attack for lunch I'm going down the street to Churchs.  Just give me some overly fried strips of cheap chicken with some ranch and I'm happy.
This place is phenomenal! It took me a long time to go here because they serve chicken fingers. Now I wish I went a long time ago! Service was excellent. Only wish we were closer to it
I felt like a little kid eating really good chicken fingers and French fries, there aren't many options here. The staff was super friendly and the stand out item has git to be the buttery Texas toast, the fries are nothing special and the chicken was ok. One dipping sauce per order is a little cheap for the $$ your gonna spend and only one flavor? McDonald's has more options, I suggest you bring your leftover honey mustard and bbq dipping sauce with you when you visit Canes.  P.S.  the sweet tea at McDonald's is way better too, sorry guys.
Alright place to go if you want to try some slightly overpriced chicken strips. I ordered the standard box combo and the food was made quickly. (You definitely get your money's worth on the portion-size).

The chicken itself is nothing spectacular, I like the strips at Chick-fil-A a lot better. The sauce is unique and I'd definitely try it , though the sample they gave me was a bit watery.
I love their food! I really enjoy how they include fries and a big piece of great tasting toast with their chicken. Great combination. Craving it bad right now! Wish they were open :/ Place is fairly clean but could be better. Their workers seem positive, accommodating and friendly. Price is very fair for what you get! Definitely stop here for lunch if you're in the area! Great place :)
Top notch quality chicken strips!  I became a fan after the first yummy sauced chick strip hit my lips!  The closest I can describe their special sauce is a pepper ranch.  The sweet tea is to die for, and the slaw and Texas toast is as good as the rest if not a hair better.  I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful too.  The only reason why I went four and not five stars is grease.  My strips, although delicious, were just a bit greasier than I would have liked.  Overall though I would love to see a  location in Surprise.
Pretty dang good fast food chicken.The breading is light and flavorful all fresh from lemonade to Texas toast. I love there signature sauce but not a fan how they charge extra but it's all good in the hood. The service is fast and friendly I feel and I don't mind waiting a little longer for quality over quickness. I still feel chic file has em' beat but Raising Cane's jsut has a different style and more simpliar.
A late night, we drove all over town. I sat in the back cramped smoking cigarettes and complaining. Polo seemed miserable, it was the end of the line. The birthday extravaganza had lasted all day, and we ravished restaurants and bars alike, gorging ourselves like a saturnalia, our bacchanal brotherhood of drugs and drink and food had led us to Raising Canes. It seemed appropriate enough a name. We went through the drive-thru and made jokes and weird noises to the attendant who luckily didnt molest our food. We sat in the parking lot and cracked open some tallboys from qt and devoured our chicken. Scott ever the gentlemen shared his with me, and I gotta say; this is a chicken that can easily rival chic-fil-et or howeverthehellyouspellthat. Gays, liberals, floozies, dopers, commies, hippies, beats, drunks, your all welcome at Cane's! It's like the immortal billy joel once said "i'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints".
Fast service. Chicken was good for fast food. They don't have ranch which really surprised me. The cane sauce is buttery. They have a drive thru so you can grab and run.
the chicken is always kicken!!!!!!!!! I LOVE THE TEXAS TOAST AND CANES SAUCE IS THE BOSS!.
juicy crispy always fresh 
minimal menu simple but 
kick ass food!!
I'm really torn on how to review this place.  I wanted to give it more stars, trust me.  But the more I think about it, the worst I feel.  I mean, this place isn't bad, I just left kind of feeling meh.  Here's why.

For starters, I will say I love the service I got here.  The girl behind the counter was friendly, upbeat and really nice.  That's the one thing I liked about this place. Other points, not so much.  

The menu here is really limited.  You basically have 4 menu options to choose from. That's it.  No side items, build your own meal, nothing. I'm a girl that likes options, and sometimes I don't want a gigantic meal, just parts of it.  So I went with the smallest order I cound find, which was the 3 chicken strips, fries, drink and Texas toast for $5.99.

When the food came out and it wasn't half bad.  I felt like the toast could have been cooked a little longer, even though it was really yummy.  Fries could have been a little crispier, and the chicken wings were pretty good.  Overall, the food was good, and not bad, I just wasn't moved or overly impressed with it as a whole.  Plus, I don't think you can get different dipping sauces, even though their "secret sauce" was quite tasty. What I mean, was I didn't see an option for ranch or bbq sauce on the menu.

I wish they had more menu options here. I know you can only cook chicken so many ways, but it would be nice to see a salad, or a la carte type ordering, which they didn't have.  Service was great, and overall not a half bad experience.
Delicious chicken fingers and sauce!!!  I'm a transplant from the Southeast and had really been missing the chicken finger joints like Zaxby's and Guthrie's in Florida and Georgia with their perfectly cooked chicken fingers, special sauce, crinkle fries, and texas toast.  Raising Cane's serves it up just like those joints.  Fresh, hot, and delicious.

If you don't like chicken fingers, this place is not for you.  It's all they do.  Their tiny menu consists of box combos with either 3, 4, or 6 fingers, or a 3-finger sandwich, along with fries, texas toast, and Cane's sauce.  You get coleslaw with the 4 and 6 finger boxes. They have no other dipping sauces, just Cane's sauce, a peppery mayo-based sauce.  Oh so delicious!  And they have great sweet iced tea!  Always a plus in my book.  4 stars!
What can I say.... it's chicken done right! Try the Cane's sauce, it's great! I am officially a Caniac!
I  am really sad to have to write this review.  Six months ago I would have given them 5 stars and raved about the food but over the last few months something has changed here.  I don't know if management has changed or who orders the food but we were disappointed in early February by the skimpy chicken, the limp fries and loss of flavor in the coleslaw.  Could have been a bad day, right?  So we went back a couple of weeks ago.  Same thing.  The size of the chicken fingers has drastically been reduced and even the bread is lacking.  It was "shrunken" and limp.  I really hope Raising Cane's will come back to the food we were raving about six months ago.
Some of my black friends recommended this place to me (true story, my black friends love chicken), so it's been on my list of "places to check out" for a few months.  Did the drive through thing, got the chicken strip sandwich / fries / lemonade combo.  The chicken strips were moist and crispy, quite tasty.  The Cane sauce had good flavor, but since they wanted to charge me an additional 35 cents for sauce, the sandwich was kind of dry (just chicken, sauce, lettuce & bun).  The fries were crinkle cut, and soggy.  The "fresh squeezed" lemonade tasted like Country Time and the service was less than personable or stellar.  So, if you are JUST going to get some tasty chicken, this place is nice and at least they don't hate gay people.  Outside of that, nothing you need to check out.
I really wanted to like this place more. Chicken fingers were excellent. The problem lies in everything else. There are only four choices on the menu and all are just variations of the same thing. No salads and only one sandwich. The french fries are nothing more than the crinkle cut type you find in the frozen food section of any supermarket. I guess the biggest WTF? came when they told me there was only TWO sauce choices for the chicken fingers...their house sauce and honey mustard??? Really? No BBQ? No sweet n sour? No ranch? No buffalo....etc.
I would say these are the best chicken fingers I've ever eaten. They were tender and just enough coating. The "secret" sauce had a little kick and was awesome.  The menu is simple so it doesn't take forever to decide what to order and the price is very reasonable.  My husband loves sweet tea and theirs tastes just like what you get in the South.
Heard a lot of good things about Raising Cane's but overall I was disappointed.  The chicken strips were good and the coleslaw was tasty, I didn't care for Cane Sauce - Mayo, ketchup, and paprika..too heavy and just not for me.  I also thought the toast was a bit soggy and the crinkle cut fries were limp.

The things I do like about Cane;s don't have much to do with the food, the restaurant is named after the owner's dog and they support local animal welfare groups. They also support education and hunger programs and a variety of other community initiatives.

I will return for the chicken strips because they are very good, I'll just skip the sauce and take them home and dip them in a sauce I like.
I don't understand why this place is so popular, they only have chicken strips and a chicken sandwich on the menu and they are nothing special.  I could get chicken strips anywhere.  They don't do anything special to them to make them any better then something I can get in the frozen food isle of the grocery store.  I could see small kids liking this place and that is all there really is to say about the place.  It's not like they even offer different breadings for the chicken strips.  It's all pre-made frozen garbage if you ask me.  If you really like this place, you either like very bland food or are a very picky eater.
Yum, yum, yum!!!

Tasty chicken fingers, fries and Texas Toast along with delicious dipping sauce.

Fast and friendly service. My whole family likes going to Cane's, so what more can I say.

If you want something different than the normal burgers and fries, Raising Cane's is a great choice.

Enjoy!
The freshest
OK, so I had to try the concept eventually.  It certainly isn't the only chain to work with a very limited menu.  The food was ok.  The service was pleasant.  Enough people must like the place as noon was approaching it got pretty full and there was also take out orders.  If chicken was what I had in mind and I was close I would go again.  But I would not drive across town.
First off, i think there are only two things i think cane's should better, One is to clarify itself better. It seems alot of people are confused/disappointed that the menu is small. Think of cane's as less of a restaurant and more of a chicken finger stand.

Second thing is my one complaint, the fries can easily become soggy. I always get it to go and they put it in a styrofoam container. Then they put it in a plastic bag. They are on the soft side of fries to start with, but that combination traps all of the moisture and just makes them some of the worst fries. I always take the box out of the bag and pop the lid. Not really a solution if you're driving too far as they'll be cold quick, but works for me. 

The other comment i saw that i have to comment on, is that you can get chicken fingers anywhere. Good luck with that, because i have tried. Getting older and "trying" to eat healthier, i kicked red meat down to two days a week, but i'm a man, therefore i must have meat.... or else. So, I have gotten chicken tenders from just about every fast food joint in town and only a few places stand up to theirs.

Also, the cane's sauce is good, but i eat mine with Stubbs Sweet Heat BBQ sauce and some Sriracha.
Chicken fingers and fries are delicious. I was not a fan of the sauce though. Would definitely recommend this place. :)
Finally made it in to try this place, resisting In-N-Out across the street.  I went with Chicken Fingers, a cuplet of Cane's Sauce and Fries.

The menu is dinky here...  What I ordered is almost all they have except buns, soft drinks & cole slaw.  With that said, I found this place to be friendly, comfortable, inexpensive, & the food was REALLY GOOD!     :-))

Chicken Fingers 2 x $1.09, Cane's Sauce 29¢, Fries $1.59=$4.06
I'll be honest. I like my chicken to taste dead... Meaning dry! This is a juicy chicken that many would rave about. Fair warning: there's no real vegetarian meal options here!
They don't advertise it, but they also have a honey mustard sauce if you don't like the regular sauce.  Just ask for it.  It's good :)
I personally think this place is overrated. The chicken fingers are at the most..average. The fries are blah. Coleslaw is fair. Bread is something that I would just as soon toss,than eat. I really can't understand the hype about this place. I was really disappointed.
Where do I start?  Canes sauce....Freaking yummy!!!  Texas Toast...YUMMY...  and the chicken so moist and juicy, not greasy or or nasty.  I cannot wait until the one on the West side of town is finished so we can eat it more often.  

Wish they had a few more options on the menu but in all..most of my family love chicken and fries.  Thanks Canes!
Meh. It was decent. The chicken was good. I didn't understand the Texas toast? It wasn't great. The crinkle cut fries looked like the kind you buy frozen at the grocery store. Luckily they tasted pretty good. Someone begged us to go here saying it was better than Chik-fil-A. Uh, no. Not at all. But it was still pretty good. Oh, the sauce was amazingly good! Props for that. And my husband's cole slaw was good. Not sure I would make the drive again though.
If you are reading about Raising Cane's, chances are that you have been here already, or know they are known for their amazingly fresh and crispy delicious chicken tenders and secret Cane's sauce.  This review is for those who think fries and a tasty slice of Texas toast is too much to handle with your tenders.  Every time i get gas at QT i hit the drive thru and order just 3 tenders and 1 Cane's sauce, and it satisfies.
Love this place but they are a little overpriced!!! The sauce is what makes the chicken taste even better! Raising canes is fab. 4 stars due to prices!
Holy crap. I have never had more delicious chicken fingers in my life. And the sauce! Not to mention the bread! It's dangerous that this place is right next to where I work!
Good chicken fingers, but a whole reataurant dedicated to them? Hard to believe but true.  The sauces are tasty and they do sanwiches with. The fingers too. Its just, how many times a week can you eat chicken fingers? I mean, its not PIZZA!
I had been meaning to try Raising Canes for a while..alot of hype around it.

What I found out....

The staff is fun and friendly..the place has a gimmick and thats its selling point.

The food, not great, but definitely not awful. I would say you HAVE to want chicken tenders to want to go to RC.

Lastly I have to say the place is overall a disappointment, its a spot for a young crowd but the food doesnt live up to the hype. I prefer Churches!
Chicken fingers are small and taste ok. Not as crispy as they look in the pictures. They only have one sauce, which is weird for a place that sells chicken fingers. Texas toast tastes pretty bland, coleslaw was gross. French fries were pretty standard. Staff was great though, even though the atmosphere was loud, they yell out your name like a kindergarten teacher taking roll call over a loud class.

No variety on the menu, just chicken fingers.  So if you and each one of your friends are craving only chicken fingers with only Canes special sauce then this is the place for you. 

As for me, I'll stick to the 100 other restaurants that have more options, AND chicken fingers.
First time going here last night :) my friends recommend it so why not. I tried the finger sandwich toasted combo. It was amazing bread was good, the fingers were delicious, fries were on point, but I love their special sauce the most! Only reason I'm giving it a 4 star is because the employees were cleaning around me when I was eating the whole time -.- and they wanted to charge me for a refill! In the end I like it and most definitely will be going back to Cane's.
Raising Canes is awesome! Just got back home from swinging by after the wife was craving it and of course I'll never pass down some good chicken haha. Ended up going back a mile and some change just so we could pick up a Carniac combo w/ the best Mug Rootbeer. The atmosphere is laid back and staff have never been rude in anyway, prices are pretty good too, definitely a place worthwhile!
Food is awesome. Service is good. Watch the overspray when they are cleaning tables around you. Just a little too happy with the spray bottle.
We got addicted to this place when we were working in Vegas for a few months so my husband and I were stoked when we spotted this location.  The service was exceptional as all raising canes experiences for us have been, the chicken is hot and juicy, the Cane's sauce yummy, and the sweet tea perfection!!! Wish they would open in California!
If a fast-food restaurant only serves chicken fingers, I would have thought that it would serve the greatest fast-food chicken fingers I have ever consumed.  I thought wrong.  Very wrong.  The food that I ate left me pondering the mystery of how Raising Cane's has such a hardcore fan base.

I tried the 3 finger combo.  3 chicken fingers, fries, a slice of texas toast and a drink.  

I'll start with the good.
The texas toast.
It's a massive piece of fluffy white bread covered in butter.  The bread is so soft that it could be used comfortably as a pillow.  But, I wouldn't recommend that because you could choke to death by accidentally eating said delicious texas toast pillow in your sleep.

The bad.
Everything else in the box.
I appreciate that the chicken wasn't greasy, but it certainly wasn't crispy.  The actual meat was dry and the breading was severely under seasoned.  And whatever that Cane's sauce is supposed be, it's disgusting.  It's some sort of a barbecue sauce and ranch dressing mixture that tastes like an unidentifiable somewhat smokey, somewhat spicy, creamy mix of blandness.  It really doesn't say much when the specialty (and only) sauce a restaurant serves makes its underwhelming main dish taste even worse.  Or maybe that says a lot.  The fries were just standard.

Considering chicken fingers are all that's on the menu, I don't see any reason why I would return to this or any other Raising Cane's.  If for some bizarre reason I end up eating at a Raising Cane's again, I'll just order 10 slices of texas toast and call it a day.
Interesting concept, only service chicken tenders, but they are good!
Great service, great chicken and a different sauce. I like that they keep it simple so it's easy to get a group order together for work or whatever. The people are always friendly and professional. The food is ALWAYS fresh and not just sitting in some hot box for hours waiting for a customer. It may take a little longer to get but it's worth it. This place is how I'd imagine chicken fingers would be made if In 'n Out did them.
Fantastic chicken strips!  The Texas toast is good.  Fries could be crispier...  The Cane's sauce is GREAT.  This place is BUSY!  And the decor is pretty cool  We ate in and my god daughter was excited because cute boys were sitting behind us... LOL!
I had my first experience with Raising Cane's today.  I got the Three Finger Meal and, for fast food, it was pretty good.  The breeding on the chicken was not overdone and, although not very seasoned, tasted pretty good.  They serve crinkle cut fries here, which I'm not usually a fan of but were actually decent.  The meal also came with Texas toast which basically was like a grilled half of a hot dog bun.  It was ok, if a bit of a gimmick.  The meal stood fine on its own without the extra carbs of the bread.  Lastly, the fresh squeezed lemonade was good.  Not overly sweet.  

I guess the thing I liked best was the atmosphere.  The staff was friendly and the service was quick.  The location I ate at is pretty new so they may still be in the honeymoon stage, but I'd definitely return should I get a craving for chicken fingers again.
Best chicken fingers ever. The crispy outside is flavorful, and the chicken on the inside is tasty and moist. Not only are the fingers good, but the rest of the meal is just as amazing. The combination of fries and lightly toasted bread paired with the canes sauce is heaven in your mouth. Now the drink-- I am in love with their sweet tea, but if you don't like your tea super sweet, then I don't recommend it. And just as the icing on the cake, the service is friendly and even came around to ask how we were doing. Not too shabby for a "fast food" joint. Highly recommend!
The wings were overly dry.  I don't understand how they can screw that up when there was a table of 3 done eating.  No one waiting for food when I walked in, and 1 carry out order called ahead.  Students were gone so it's not like the campus was buzzing.  The original hot wings are Tabasco flavored which is weak, UN-inspiring, and unoriginal.  The cajun wings had the cajun unevenly sprinkled on.  The fries had a very odd sweet taste to it.  I couldn't place it at the time, although it seemed familiar.  The only thing worthy of note was a large helping of bleu cheese came with the wings.
Uninspired, dull, bland chicken. The "atomic" sauce wasn't hot at all. Then my bowels thanked me by bleeding for the next 2 days.

The sauces generally taste of chemicals; the wings are overpriced, and the "boneless wings" aren't wings at all, but merely bits of chicken breast, breaded and deep fried.

Also, I saw "Alice R." on a plaque on the wall with a license of some sort in it, meaning that an employee of this company is posting a review of their own company, and is dumb enough to use their own name. Wow.
After eating at Buffalo Wild Wings nearly a hundred times, I am a little tired of their wings. I found this place in Madison and decided to give it a try. 

It turned out to be an awful decision. The wings are pretty expensive. $6.99 for 10 regular wings. It would be okay if they were normal size wings. Unfortunately they are not. The wings I had were tiny. I was still hungry after eating ten regular wings. Seriously, where do they buy such small wings in America? The chicken must be starved to death to have those skinny wings and legs. 

I would rather go back to Buffalo Wild Wings. I don't think such an unimpressive restaurant can last long in Madison. Don't waste your time and money there.
This place was fantastic! Stopped in after a quick walk up and down Regent St. trying to decide where to eat, and this place looked like it would be affordable and fast. Definitely right! I had ten boneless garlic parmesan wings, and they managed to get the crispy outside to juicy meat ratio down to perfection. It was really garlic and parmesan, unlike places like BWW where Garlic Parmesan is a sauce type. This is genuine, smothered in parmesan cheese and garlic deliciousness. I don't know how good this would be in traditional wing form, and I don't really plan to find out. I've already found a five-star dish there and I intend to return the next time I am craving some crunchy, garlicky, parmesany, greasy, juicy chicken.

Also, they have one of those "for real it's any way you want it" drink machines that are amazing.
I love Winstop! I usually get the boneless wings, and they are fantasic! I have tried Bw3s and their wings are usually coated in too much batter. Wingstop is just the opposite, with JUST enough breading. The Wingstop staff are very friendly, especially Alice. I eat at Winstop about once a week and I am always satisfied!
Wings...Average

Service.....Not


Ordered online emailed ready in 24 minutes arrived about 20 minutes later. When I arrived there was a rather long line. I looked for the online/phone pick up window and there was none. So I waited in the line. 2 cashiers were working the line. of course when I get up to the line one cashier goes back to the cooks to chat and I kid you not the other answers the phone for a phone order. So of the 2 cashiers one is working the other is visiting in the back and the customers wait. I would have left but I had to prepay since I ordered online. Almost left anyhow. Then when the cashier got off hte phone she took care of my order and I still had to wait 15 minutes. EVERYONE in line before me got served BEFORE my online order was finished. Wings are average but service is not worth it.
Not bad, but not great either.  On the rare occasions that I get Wing Stop, it's because it's closer to me than Buffalo Wild Wings, but honestly, the latter is much better.  I've only ever had the boneless teriyaki wings at Wing Stop, so I can't comment on their hotter sauces or bone-in wings.  My main problem is that there's always WAY too much sauce.  Yeahhh, I know, wings aren't the healthiest choice on their own, but my poor little chickens always come DROWNING in teriyaki sauce!  Every time I have them, I have to literally mop up the extra sauce with a paper towel.  Beyond all that, the fries are okay, but they have this sort of weird, sweet taste that I'm not sure if I like.  Overall? I'd go with B-Dubs instead.
OK...I'm not a real connoisseur of chicken wings, and I probably wouldn't choose to eat at a wing joint of my own volition. That being said, Wingstop gets a three and a half.  The wings are excellently crispy--a must for tasty chicken wings that B-Dub's consistently falls flat on.  Good sauces: the BF and I got atomic, and the awesome new mango habañero.  Lots of napkins required.  The place has a definite starving-college-student vibe, which is not my scene...but the place was clean and bright.  As far as wingerias go, this gets thumbs up.
Descriptive phrase: fast-food chicken wings.

Same quality chicken wings as Buffalo Wild Wings (better fries even), for less. Limited seating but they're open late. They even have bottled and tap beer. Perfect place for the college crowd. You'll hate yourself later, but boy do they taste good going down.
Sauces we had on our wings were good the only compliant I have is the wings them self are small compared to the rest of the wing you find in Madison.
My first time here tonight. Service was good, the guy let me try some sauces and was helpful. The wings were ok, nothing to go out of the way for. They give you a lot of fries  but the food was cheap and they don't put much sauce on. It's on a college campus and it's surprisingly clean.
1) Small wings without very much meat

2) High prices (shockingly high when considering the size of the wings)

3) Bad service.  Marcus, an employee, refused to give me a cup of water when my mouth was burning from the wings.  I could purchase a bottle of water or a cup of soda.  What about putting tap water in a soda cup?  I'm dying here!  Nope, that's going to be $2.10.  

I'll be going to Wings Over Madison next time I'm feeling like I want a chicken wings.
I've never had one bad experience here. The wings are made to order and take 15 minutes. I like extra crispy classic wings (bone-in) so mine take like an extra minute. I used to order half original hot wings and half hickory smoked BBQ, but now they have a new flavor "mango habernero" which is the best of both worlds! That flavor with their homemade ranch sauce is heaven. Too bad they don't deliver otherwise I would order them every other day ;)
There doesn't exist a better boneless wing than at Wingstop IMO. BWW, a well known place to have wings doesn't hold a candle to this place. Everything is always made to order. They only do wings and they do them well. I love the garlic parmesan boneless wings, as well as many others. They have a small selection of beers to choose from. Their fries are pretty different from normal places. They have a garlic, slightly spicy, salty and sugar sweet mixture. I've tried to make it at home and I just can't quite get it right. 10/10.  Compared to places like Wings over Madison (not a fan at all) and BWW I would always choose this place. Although, the service could absolutely be a bit friendlier.
They have the best boneless wings around town, lots of sauce, juicy chicken, and great dipping sauces!!! You also cannot go wrong with their fries and dipping them in hot cheese is to die for!!!! Finally, if you are thirsty they have the Coca-Cola Freestyle Machine so you can make and drink you want!!! I highly recommend this place!!!
Had a 12 oz ribeye for $14.95 and it was great. Cooked perfectly. I'm not generally a Dan of hotel restaurants but was impressed with thus on in the Hilton Garden Inn. Friendly service too.
I was so excited to try this place out...and I will never go back again.  I had the butternut squash ravioli, which showed up looking and tasting like a tv dinner that was not fully cooked.  It was almost cold, and  the cream sauce was like water and had no flavor.  I would have rated this meal one star, but my boyfriend had the ribeye which was slightly better than my food.  He said he rated it a 3 out of 5 but he wouldn't go there again either.  

The atmosphere was also strange.  There was only one other group of people there besides us, and the restaurant is right next to and somewhat open to the area where they perform weddings.  A wedding was just ending, and all the guests and wedding party were standing around in the restaurant area.  It was an awkward setup and the food left a LOT to be desired.  For what you get....way overpriced.  I've had better meals at Taco Bell, so this was a very disappointing experience.
Staff is very customer oriented, the food is good and the atmosphere is relaxing.
The restaurant "feels" like a hotel lobby. Nice fireplace and all, but still just a little bit off. The bartender was very loud and, in this big open space, it was hard to carry on a conversation over her noise. Thankfully, she quieted down before I had to complain to the manager.

Our server (Stephanie) was excellent. Very attentive and knowledgeable. I probably should add, however, that for most of our meal we were the only customers.

I had the Chicken Tortilla Soup and the Bourbon Apple Pork Tenderloin with baked potato and green beans. The soup was a little "different" but quite tasty. The pork was excellent - tender without being mushy - and the sauce was outstanding. Even the green beans and baked potato were perfect for me.

My wife had the Bacon 'N Brie Mashed and the Fiesta Garden Cobb salad - both of which were excellent.

Portion sizes are quite large - wanted to try the desert but didn't have the room.

My only disappointment was the very pedestrian choice of draft beer (well - that and the very loud bartender.)  

This was our first experience at the Great American Grill, but we will be back. They also have a breakfast buffet for $9.95 which we will be trying soon.
This is a great new restaurant in the Grayhawk area!  This restaurant is owned by the same people that own Arcadia Tavern in Phoenix. 

The burger was fantastic; they have a large selection of burgers on the menu but I had the Ring of Fire without the jalapeno with fries; it was only $10.  They also have a huge selection of beers at this place and several TV's to watch football or sportscenter. 

I will be back very soon...
Let's just start by saying they serve Old Milwaukee Beer.  That should be your first indication as to the overall quality.  I get the fun of retro beers, as they have PBR cans too, but focus on the good.  Plus, throw an Old Style in the mix.  That is the next big retro beer (CUBS fans already know), but I I digress.

I went here with work colleagues, and we all got different burgers to test the variety of the burgers & sides.  It should also be noted I paid very close attention to ladies next to us, as they ordered the Mac & Cheese (which looked good, but neither of them finished).

The burgers start at $10 and were blah.  One was over-cooked, the other under-cooked.  The meat was rather plain too, and seemed devoid of proper spicing.  The veggie patty was actually really tasty, but it easily fell a part looking like a rice bowl.  The bun seemed no different than the cheap white bun you can buy in bulk at Costco.  For a gourmet burger, the bun needs to be able to hold it's own.

The sides were much better.  The tater tots had a nice spice sprinkled on them.  A good tater tot is like a high-five in your mouth, so kudos.  The onion rings were delish & seemed hand-battered, but the fries were average & tasted like they came from a freezer bag.

The beer list (other than the Old Mil) was pretty nice.  I'd be happy to just sit here and toss a few back.

Service seemed slow & not 100%, but this place just opened.  It'll get better...

All in all, the folks at Arcadia Tavern know what they are doing (this is their joint too), but for the price & quality, I think there are better upscale burger joints out there.
This Place just opened up next to the salon I work in. AMAZING! They hit the ground running, 

It's a deli style, where you order at the counter and they bring you the food. I had the Grayhawk Turkey Club and the turkey was great! No packaged crap here. It was thick sliced and probably rotisserie. For the side I had sweet potato tater tots. DELISH! The have regular fries, sweet fries, tater tots, onion rings, etc. 

Great looking salads, Chicago-style dogs, gourmet burgers and yummy sounding mac and cheese. 

The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the price. It's great for dinner, but a little steep for a work day lunch.
Let's just say that it's a pretty cool place that based on service won't be open long. We stopped in for MNF and had to beg to be served! Then they took the meal order for my girl friend, but didn't take mine. One meal came out and they finally put 2 and 2 together and figured out what happened.

Next, we had to actually reach over the front of the bar to get silverware. Most restaurants automatically give those to you.

Next, the ice in the drinks is so small, you have to use a straw, whether you want to or not. 

Can't rate their food becasue they never asked if I wanted to order but the service was awful and I won't be back.
This place is a perfect addition to the neighborhood.  Exactly what we needed. A family burger-hot dog-mac n cheese- slider and beer joint.  Lot's of televisions for whatever game is on.  We ordered the grilled asparagus for starters and it was very nice.  Very well seasoned in olive oil and cheese.  We got two burgers and they were fantastic. First off they are HUGE 1/2 lb. burgers.  We couldn't finish them.  They were very nicely seasoned, quite juicy and the bun was great.  These burgers are some of the best in this part of town. The onion rings are well battered and a huge portion.  The french fries were just okay and next time we'll try the tots.  Those looked great.  I also had the chopped salad which was just okay, but a nice healthy portion of veggies if you don't want to go for the big burgers.  The menu is a total winner.  Custom mac-n-cheese, a variety of sliders, a variety of hot dogs, lots of sandwiches.  The French Dip looked really good.  Finally, I must mention the beer selection.  It was impressive.  One more thing, I though the service was great.  We ordered at the front and they brought out our food very hot and lickedy split.  Our table had napkins and silver ware ready for us.  The person who gave one star should try this place again, especially if they like a big juicy burger.
Strip mall location, on the corner at the north end.  Draft selection was unimpressive, with quite a few taps dedicated to faux craft like Blue Moon and overtly labeled Coors/Miller/Bud, thought they did have a few local crafts and macro imports.  Bottle selection offered more variety, but for going out it's draft I'm looking for.

Food was above average, and certainly better than BluBurger that was nearby with a similar theme.  Side of chips was skimpy and out of ratio for a burger that size.   Bartender, Matilda, was painfully slow and mostly attentive to the three ladies that seemed to be her friends.  Having an empty beer mug while laughter and casual chat take place can be frustrating to say the least.

Edit/update: after several visits the service is worse each time, and the errors on the orders are very common.  And it's not just the wrong menu item the first time, but then the corrected item comes out wrong again too.  Food takes far too long.  At first I thought it was just because it seemed busy, but even when it's dead it takes just as long.
This is a good place to have a drink if you are in the area. I've had the burgers and gourmet hot dogs and they are above average. Solid selection of draught beer and bottles, but you've likely had the majority of them already. It's a clean, well lit place, with a small patio. I'm down the street from so I'll likely hit it up here and there, but not really worth going out of your way for.
We're not big beer drinkers so I can't attest to the beer selection. If you are looking for beer reviews . . . this isn't the one for you.

The restaurant came as quite a surprise to me . . . upscale North Scottsdale and the name "Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers" didn't seem to fit the area. Nevertheless, Hubby and I had read about the Make Your Own Mac & Cheese and were instantly intrigued.  I personally have been a fan of all mac & cheese, even the Kraft box cheese, since I was a kid, but now with all the gourmet versions available, I've become quite a mac & cheese snob. CB2's mac & cheese didn't cut it for me or my hubby. It is a nice sized portion to share, even as just a side.  It was creamy, but bland . . . made with what appeared to be wide egg noodles instead of actual pasta noodles. The base cheese is very mild pepperjack and provolone, so we added some swiss and gruyere.  Still not flavorful enough. So we packed it up and brought it home, doctored it up and ate it the next day for lunch.

My husband had the Bacon Blue Burger.  It was good, but he has had much better, even at BluBurger Grill. Because the burger is so tall, they bring it with a steak knife . . . you really do have to cut it to eat it. I had a grilled cheese sandwich . . . it was pretty decent, although if they messed something like this up, they would have received one star.

Both our main courses came with a side . . . we chose the sweet tots. They were good, but not as delicious as the sweet tots from Tryst Cafe. If you love those, these will surely disappoint. 

The gentleman who took our order and ran our food was delightful and helpful, as were the other food runners in the restaurant. The restaurant is clean, fast and provides plenty of entertainment with a dozen plasma screens running mostly sports. The clientele ran the gamut, from older couples to families with kids.
I have to say that my experience was less than satisfying purely due to the service.  For the prices they charge, I was shocked they don't offer table service.  It felt more like a Golden Corral, order 1st then sit down.  Then I had too wait far longer than necessary for my beer.  There was more than enough staff to handle the service but their system just wasn't efficient.

The food was decent but not justifiable for the price.
We went there on a Wednesday two weeks ago and then ordered out the following week. Great place for casual night out with kids.  The ring o fire was spicy but good. , burgers are big beer was cold!   I would will definitely go again.
Good burgers!

Have eaten there and also gotten to go.  Both were good, although eating there is obviously better.  The burger is big, juicy, and cooked to a perfect medium rare (even when taken to go).  The tater tots are good and crispy.  The sweet tots are good, unfortunately not crispy at all.  The chips are good too, they're the homemade kind.  The burgers are priced well (you don't feel like you got ripped off).  All in all, a good burger and good service at a fair price.
Needed a burger and a beer so thought I'd check this place out. 

Sat at the bar and the service was pretty good (got a beer quickly but then had to ask for a menu). 

As mentioned the tap selection is ok but nothing to write home about. Bottle selection is decent. If it was my place I'd have more on tap and have bigger west coast beers (especially with "beer" in the name) but I'm a Seattle/Portland beer snob kinda guy. I'd give beer selection 3 stars. 

Place gets one star as I bit into my burger only to find out that it was basically raw (not a little pink but blood red). If you are selling burgers they should always be cooked through unless the customer asks for it to be cooked differently. If I want e-coli then I'll ask for it. Ate my tots (which tasted as they had a grease filling)... Server notice my barely touched burger and asked if it was ok. Told him it was raw to which he replied he liked it that way. Yeah, I don't care how you like it. And there was no offer to "fix" it... Hence one star. I want to like this place but really can't recommend it at this time.
Been there 3 times in 8 days... LOVE IT!  Finally a place with awesome Macaroni and Cheese!  Love the toasted panko on top!  Staff is top notch and food is terrific.  Plus a FULL bar!  Seating can be a challenge at peak times, super to see a new business thriving.  I hope to see another CBsquared soon - maybe over at Norterra...hint hint.....
The people here are actually pretty nice and helpful. The burger wasn't that great but what I really liked were the tot-chos. YOU HAVE TO GET THESE. AMAZING!!! really unhealthy but so delicious. They have some great flatscreen's too and they offer coke products which is nice because I love orange fanta. Definitely check this place out.
Burgers weren't good for the following reasons:

Bread wasn't fresh, burger was over Cooked and my boyfriends was cold. For the price, definitely wasn't worth it. Is rather go to 5 guys. Was dissapointed .
My parents are in from out of town and after we trekked our way up and back Pinnacle Peak, we decided to reward ourselves with burgers.  Having taken them to Indulge Burger the last time they were here, Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers had something to live up to.  

They definitely came through for us.  We had the grilled asparagus appetizer along with the soft pretzel (what?  We just got done hiking and you can eat anything after you work out, FYI)  and both were VERY good.  The asparagus was cooked perfectly and well seasoned.  The pretzel was soft, hot and salted well, but not too much.  

I had the Juicy Lucy burger, which was medium rare just like I requested.  Melty cheese in the middle with a side of tots (they even offer tot-chos, the decadant tater tot/nachos which was one thing we actually didnt try), it was amazing.  My mom had a veggie burger which had great flavor, and the sweet tots which are sweet potato tots, which I had never had and were quite good.  My dad's burger was also cooked to his liking, with lots of luscious onion rings on the side.  

They have a selection of hot dogs also, and a build your own macaroni and cheese option also.  YUM.  There was also something about homemade chips with buffalo sauce and blue cheese that I'll try after my next mountain.  

Staff was friendly and prompt.  Great bottled beer selection including my favorite: Bell's Two Hearted Ale and of course, Sierra Nevada.
My man loves cheeseburgers. We decided to give this place a go after hearing about it from a co worker. We met another couple and deliberated at our table about what to order. We got split up in the ordering line and because the people who got between us were really slow to order, we got our food as our friends were finishing theirs. That's annoying! They need a better system. The ice machine was out of order but a nice guy got us cups of ice for our drinks. Watching our friends eat was torturous, especially because they offered no insight to the taste of their meals. I ordered a chicken sandwich but the other 3 in our party had cheeseburgers. We finally got our appetiser (2 pretzels so we could share with the other couple, you can just get one if you want) and our sandwiches at the same time. My chicken sandwich was monsterous! Two chicken breasts plus all the junk I had added: lettuce, tomato, pickles, grilled onions, avocado and terriyaki sauce! I ended up taking both chickens off and just eating the buns with all my additions and took the chicken home. It was a tasty sandwich all around. The other 3 cheeseburger eaters agreed that their burgers were solidly good. However, we were all equally turned off by the amount of salt on all of the sides. Our pretzels? Twisted salt licks that came with a nacho cheese dipping sauce. We couldnt eat them even after I tried wiping the salt off. Around the table we had onion rings, fries, tater tots and sweet potato fries and every single batch was over salted. By ALOT. I love onion rings but couldnt stomach more than three and I couldnt give them away. It was really bad. When I reported this to the co worker who told me about this place he said he'd heard the same thing from other people. Hopefully they get the message and do something about it. If not they may not be there for long. I would not go back, but my man wants to just to try their build your own mac and cheese, his other love.
I was so excited to find out that a new casual beer bar was coming to the neighborhood. I looked past some of the recent negative Yelp reviews and hoped that my experience would be better. Unfortunately, at the end of the day Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers just did not deliver. 

As for the beer selection, it is fairly decent, including one of my favorite beers (Bell's Two Hearted). 

With a beer bar, I would expect that the servers have a minimum requisite amount of background in the beers they are serving. Alas, the bartender was more of a Miller kind of drinker and an off-shift server (who was a loud bar patron) demonstrated an even lower familiarity with the beers being served. 

Being that it is a newer establishment, I can look past the fact that the servers didn't know their product. That left my end opinion significantly reliant on what kind of burger was delivered. 

I had a $12 Bacon Bleu burger with onion rings. If I'm going to have a burger that costs more than $10 I expect a ton of quality and a lot of flavor, neither of which was provided. The burger fell apart on what I thought was a cheap quality bun and the meat tasted as though it was sourced from the discount pile at Bashas in the same plaza. 

If you are looking for a quality beer experience in the area, save your money and go to Four Peaks.
My wife and I went here for lunch on Saturday afternoon.  The place was pretty crowded but we didn't have to wait for a table.  Our waitress was very nice but I think she had too many tables to tend to and/or was new because she was a clusterfuk.  Our visit didn't exactly run smoothly but it was ok because we weren't in a hurry and weren't expecting much because of the reviews on here.  We only really came here because I like trying new burger places and I had a 50% off certificate from Local Dines ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ).

Pros:
* decent beer selection with several local brews
* good tots
* tasty burger
* 50% off Local Dines certificates ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ )
* good selection of interesting burgers
* reasonably priced

Cons:
* food takes forever to come out
* my "iced" tea arrived with no ice nor sweetener 
* my wife ordered her burger with no bun and it came with a bun
* I ordered a side of tots which didn't come out until I asked about them
* medium and medium rare burgers are somehow cooked the same
* at least one beer on the menu is printed incorrectly.  For example, one beer on there is labeled as an IPA and it clearly isn't after looking the beer's label.
* they were out of several beers
* homemade thousand island is just blah.  it was almost all mayo.

I wouldn't rush back here but I guess this place does serve up a solid burger.  It just wasn't anything special to go out of my way for.
8/12/12
Will never go back...
Straight to zero. I refuse to go to any more restaurants where I can see my server talking/texting on her cell phone while she/he is running my goddam credit card. When are you owners going to take control???!!!??? Sure, they may not be ripping ME off, but when I HAVE BEEN ripped off, this is how it happens... Take your head out of the sand and make policy... no cell phones at the POS machine... DUH - you own a restaurant. Straight to zero goes CB and CB... do not go here if if you hate risk

O
Bummer, we were psyched to have a new burger hang-out.  Don't bother- we waited an hour and a half (with a 7 month old to entertain) and found out that our waiter "never turned in our order"- Uh, what?  We won't be back.  The patio is too small and the staff is incompetent.  No go!
Went there today for lunch and was very pleased.  It was a little after 1pm but they were still pretty crowded so that was a good sign.  Our server was very friendly and our burgers were great.  I really like the buns.  We both had the juicy lucy (or something like that) with the cheese cooked inside the meet.  Good stuff.  We also had onion rings and home made chips, both were great but the onion rings won the challenge.

Looks like a great place to grab a beer and watch a game  too, the place is wallpapered with tvs, and has a nice selection of beer.  They have outside seating and televisions mounted out there as well.  Definitely worth checking out.  Prices were reasonable our burger and $10 each.  Yum.
The burgers are large and greasy.  Thats about it.  If you like waiting for over an hour plus to get average food, this is your place.  The diarrhea is free tho.
The place was hoppin' on St. Patty's day when we decided to give it a try.  Though it was busy, we didn't have to wait for a table.  We didn't seat ourselves, unlike other reviews, so it wasn't confusing or unlike any other seating experience.  Our waitress greeted us quickly and she was super nice and helpful.  She suggested I get their orange blossom beer, which was such a good suggestion.  I loved it... especially because our beers were served green for St. Patty's Day.

The Hubs and I shared a burger, which took a while for us to get.  Apparently the order was messed up, but our waitress caught it and had them make another one.  We did wait awhile, but she was so nice about it we really didn't mind.  They split the burger for us and also gave us a mix of sweet potato and regular tatter tots.  Having been to it's sister restaurant, Arcadia Tavern, we knew the tots are a home run.  The burger was very good- cooked well and had a lot of flavor.

The atmosphere in the place is similar to Arcadia Tavern with lots of TVs for watching games.  Our waitress was nice enough to give us $5 off for our messed up burger, so we were really appreciative of that.  We are so happy to have a U of A bar close to home now!  We will for sure be back to watch some games and have some good food.
North Scottsdale really needs more restaurants like this. As the name says, this place is all about beers and burgers. The service is great, and the burgers are consistently delicious. I really like their decor, even though they have a gazillion TVs. Definitely great atmosphere for watching a game. The outdoor patio is dog-friendly. They even have a water dish for pups!

They used to have it set up so you walked up and ordered your food then seated yourself. This system created a huge line of people, despite the numerous open tables. Since they have switched to standard table service, we have gotten our orders in right away and been served our food much quicker.

The best part about Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers is the happy hour, which runs from 3 to 7. Yes, $10+ dollars is a lot for a burger and a side. But during happy hour, you can get the CB&CB burger (essentially a cheeseburger with garlic aioli sauce) with fries for $6. All drafts are $4, and by drafts I mean 19.5 OUNCES! It's by far the best drink special north of the 101. They offer several beers from Four Peaks, Papago, and Santan, as well as the ole' standards. Dos Equis is $4.50 all day!

The sweet potato tots are to die for, but you can't substitute them for the fries during happy hour. We figured out it's cheaper to order a side of sweet tots (it's large!) and split it between the three of us while still each getting the CB&CB burger with fries.

During AZ Beer Week they had beer tasting on the patio. For $10, you got 8 generous samples and a 19.5 ounce draft of your choosing. I hope they do this again next year!
The beer selection is awesome. Alot of great beers on draft and in bottles. I really liked not seeing the usual domestics on draft. The menu has a lot of great items. The only thing that wasn't great was the service. We were there for almost two hours, and sat for 10 min before we even had our drink order taken. there was also other tables around us that had not recieved service. Would probably return though hoping the service gets better.
People seem to be hatin' on this place.  I came here with my team from work and we had a wonderful experience. We came in at about 2:00 on a Tuesday, so well after the lunch crowd was gone. We basically had the place to ourselves, and the server was very attentive.  The prices were in line with what you will pay at other gourmet burger joints, but the beer was a little steeply priced. $5 for a can of Moose Drool seems a little excessive. But overall we had a great time and I would come back here with my husband anytime.
Sometimes you just gotta have a burger.  I was in the Scottsdale Rd/Grayhawk area and noticed this place where Nick's used to be.  I tasted their burger at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival's Burger Battle and thought it was really good.

The CB&CB burger with tater tots really hit the spot for lunch.  The burger and carmelized onions worked together really well.  The tater tots were delicious.

Overall it was a satisfying meal and I'll be back soon.
Ok...I was a bit nervous about buying a Local Dines coupon to go to this place because of the inconsistent (mostly bad) reviews...but I bit the bullet because my husband likes burgers and I like date night with my husband.
Before we got thru the door, one of the employees greeted us with enthusiasm.  We picked a table with good view of the sports events on the t.v's.  (This date night was all about my hubby).  They have his favorite beer on tap (Blue Moon)  They have a good selection of other beers for me to choose from (I chose Modus Hopirandi based on the servers suggestion and a small taster).
Our server was Fabulous.....she knows the menu, she knows the beers, she's enthusiastic about the product. Where whas she in the previous reviews that state bad service?  I don't know but I'm glad that she's there now.  
My husband ordered his burger Medium Rare due to other reviews talking about overcooking...it was medium rare. Just Right.
I had the buffalo chicken sandwich with the sweet potato tater tots.  Exactly as described and Yummy.  (I hate it when the food doesn't match the description on the menu).
Okay, the bun was a bit dry and tasteless...there are much better buns available out there...but the contents were well cooked and presented as described.
We also ordered the Buddah mac and cheese and it is delish.  More to have for tomorrow's lunch.
Thank you CBSquared for not not dissapointing us on our first date night to your burger spot....we'll be back...good service, good value, food as described, no surprises and really Good Beer List.
Sat down at 6:30. By 6:55 still hadn't been helped. Waiter kept walking by us like we didn't exist. Wouldnt know about the food as we got up and left. With service like this, I will never spend a dime here.
Great cheap appetizers... we had the sweet potato tots and buffalo blue cheese chips.  Both were good and only around $5 each.  We did find better buffalo chips at a nearby restaurant, and the beers at Cold Beers were kind of pricey.  Definitely try one of the shakes with booze, though... well worth the $9!
Have no idea why this place has been given a bad rap.  This is my new favorite place!  Brittany B  and Luis are the bomb !  The food rocked and the $10 beer flight special was awesome!   
Two dinners a flight of 8 tastings 2 12 o and two black velvety for 48 bucks is a fricken steal !!!'
 Enjoy!  We will be back
I only wish they cooked with canola oil as the vegetable oil contains soy.
I'm not quite sure how to rate this place as there are two distinct things I loved about it and two distinct things I hated about it.

Let's start off with the good news:
The food here is great. Giant, juicy, stacked, mega burgers, insane Mac&Cheese combos and good sides. The other great thing is the beer selection (I know it's a krappy beer, but I love it when I stumble into a place that carries the Little Yella Pils, sorry). Lots of good local beers to choose from.

Ok, now for the bad parts. 
Our server could not stop putting her hands on my boyfriend. Now don't misread this as me being even remotely territorial, but there are boundaries. A hand on the shoulder once or twice I would have simply written off, and especially at a place like Hooters or Tilted Kilt where part of their job is to be flirty with customers, but on around the 4th or 5th pass it was getting eerie, especially on the one where she ran her hand across the top of his back as she walked by us, without even stopping at our table as a result. This isn't that type of a restaurant, first of all.
And secondly, we go out to eat with each other ALL THE TIME, almost every day and I have never, ever seen a server touch any customer the way she was getting on him. I used to wait tables myself and I sort of shudder at the thought of touching anyone like that, even if I thought it would get me a bigger tip.
The 2nd bad thing was that this isn't the first time we've been here, the first time our food (it's just burgers, come on) took well over 40 minutes or so to come out. We had to get it to go because we were getting pretty crunched for time at that point.

So: food is good, but insanely slow; drinks are good, but our server was overly handsy, and it was a very one-sided affair (ie: she barely even acknowledged my existence).
Cold Beers.  Good.
Cheeseburgers.  Good.
A bar that takes the simple concept of boasting that it has both of these.  Good, but not great. 

Wanting to try Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers for a while, and having a $30 for $15 gift certificate from localdines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485), my girlfriend and I stopped in for dinner on a Friday night.   The restaurant is small, so it can get crowded in a hurry.  We were lucky and managed to get one of the last tables before people had to start to stand around and wait.

There's a lot that Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers does well.  There is also a lot that this place can improve on.

Let's start with the food.
I had the Juicy Lucy.  Neither, juicy nor lucy.  This is an ode to a popular burger served at two rival bars in Minneapolis.  The versions in the twin cities are two patties shaped around cheese, so that the cheese is in the middle of the burger and hot.  Think of it as a cheeseburger lava cake.  CB&CB's Juicy Lucy is two patties with cheese in between.  The beef was overcooked, and the cheese was barely there.  The sweet tots I had as a side were awesome.

My girlfriend went with the CB&CB Burger with chips.  I took a bite and thought this was a wonderful signature burger.  The gruyere cheese and caramelized onions went together perfectly.  The chips were very good.

The beer selection is awesome.  The draft menu alone is about 15 or 16 beers.  There's about 50 bottles and another 20 cans to chooses from.  There are easy views of the TVs over the bar and on one of the walls with a few games playing.  CB&CB also has a later happy hour (goes until 7pm), with good prices.  They also advertise a lot of specials (e.g. 10% carryout Tuesday).  There's also a good looking selection of sandwiches and a builder your own burger and build your mac and cheese menu.

The cons.
As already mentioned one of the burgers was very disappointing.  That's a shame considering this is burger bar.  There's no real waiting area, so people are just kind of awkwardly standing around while waiting for a table.  I sometimes felt like they were watching me eat.  We were also seated at a table right next to the soda fountain and server station.  The sound of the ice maker got a little annoying after a while.

This is certainly a place worth giving a second try.  Especially with the localdine (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485) or one of their specials.  Just stay away from the so-called Juicy Lucy.
Having been to Arcadia Tavern about a 100 times, we found our self in North Scottsdale for one of the Kids ball games in Grey Hawk the other week so we ventured in to this place to give it a try.

It was a Saturday and obviously they were pretty full but we were able to get right in. My husband was pretty suprised with the beer selction from the draughts to the bottles and even the great can beers they have, so after speaking with Kenny our server and some suggestions we went with a couple of draughts, I had the Wood Chuck Cider and this was very pleasant especially after being out side all day and the husband had the Lienenkugel Summer Shandy (Ithink this might be his new favorite beer)

So we started of with the Jumbo Pretzel and let me tell you I can of had that all day and would have been happy. For dinner we obvoiusly went with the burgers, the kids did the little cheesburger sliders and fries under the kids section $6 with a drink, and I had the CBCB Burger with fries and the husband went with the Hangover Burger and opted for the onion rings.

These burgers were fantastic.... seasoned just right and cooked to perfection and when they present them to you they are stabbed with a knife down the center to hold the burger together, clever idea! The boys loved their sliders wich is alway a plus in our book, make the kids happy and mom and dad can be happy and enjoy their meals.

Needless to say this is great little burger joint that is a must try if you are in the area, great food, great beer and great service, A+ for just one damm good burger!
Stopped in for lunch.  Beers are cold which is nice on hot days.  I almost didn't stop because I don't eat meat but I saw they had a veggie burger that they make in house   I am told they are made fresh daily. It was good, much better than frozen Boca burgers etc.   tots were good as well.  Service was great.
I won a $25 gift certificate at a baby shower, and decided to use it, the food at the baby shower was delicious! I think their catering is probably a great deal, but eating at CB & C reminded me that it's called Cold Beer & Cheeseburgers for a reason- don't order the Mac and Cheese... I've eaten a lot of great mac and cheese, and was not happy with the buddha (I think that is what it's called) cheese, because the chicken felt under cooked and the timing was off, the chicken was cold and the mac was hot. The cheese flavor wasn't the best, and I thought overall it was kind of bland. If they would have put more breadcrumbs and popped the entire concoction- including chicken in the oven for about 7 minutes it might have been amazing, more melty. It was more like a cheesy pasta w/ chicken. It was missing cheddar maybe, too.

I think their burgers are way better, my bf got a burger and it was really good, it had fries on it, and coleslaw and the onion rings were yummy too- but I think theres a reason why I should have ordered a burger since 80% of the menu is unique burgers...

TIPS
Order a burger
Green salad is good
Ranch and Blue Cheese is homemade
$4.50 dos equis everyday
We heard this was a great place , so we thought we'd give it try. How was the food? I wouldn't know. We sat at our table for 25 minutes and never had a server come to our table.  After the server at the table next to us continually glanced our way, but never came by, we decided to leave. Will we go back? NO!
Make your own Mac and Cheese, with Bacon and Gruyere, quite possibly the best Mac and Cheese I have ever had.
35 minutes... No food. You be the judge.
I like the concept but the food is just ok.  

The soft pretzel appetizer was a sad sight.  A big doughy odd colored mess brushed with butter and what seemed to be regular table salt.  Cheese dipping sauce?  Ok if you say that's what that was I'll believe you.

Tried the truffle burger, the truffle flavor is off and it becomes almost sickening by the end.  Bacon blue cheese burger was better than the truffle but not much (kind of greasy).  I thought the meat was a little cheap too, tough and chewy in spots.  Tater tots were delicious.

A true 2.5 but I'll give them a .5 for crispy tots and for the concept in general.  Just get better CBC and become a solid go to spot for those of us that live up in this area.
Really disappointed in this place. Thought it was a cool local place with yummy burgers but really just a health scare with very poor service (unless you sit at the bar - the bartenders are always great service). The table servers we've had were slow, unapologetic and surly. And the food was just not worth it. I like a spot of grease when I'm craving it, but the food was overly greasy-fried, and the burger buns were dry. Not very tasty. If you want to have a junk food splurge, I can think of dozens of places where I'd line up first. Each time I've eaten there, I've left feeling nauseated. I've given Cold Beer & Cheeseburgers a 2nd and even 3rd chance because it's right near my house and my hubby seems to like it, but today broke me: they just posted something on Facebook that involved not only one of their greasy little burgers but topped with bacon and egg... with a side of doughnut. I kid you not! There's a photo!
I do really want to support local businesses near home, but this place is just all wrong. Prices are high relative to the quality of food, service is poor, the interior is dark, and MY BEER WAS FLAT. Seeing as how beer is in the name of the place, to serve flat beer and then the inane response of 'it's a light beer, it's supposed to taste that way' I got from our server when I asked for a different one. I know what a Coors Light is supposed to taste like and my draft beer was definitely very flat. Never happened to me before in my life and now twice in Arizona.

The food is sub par and seems really over priced for being sub par. I had the $10 chopped veggie salad which was a small bowl (I thought they accidentally brought me a side salad) of  the Costco kind of white iceberg lettuce with carrot shavings. It was supposed to come with cheese and avocado however mine didn't arrive with it. It took a good number of minutes to get a server's attention to fix it. The burgers are okay sized. My fiance had the BBQ burger and again, wherever they are sourcing their ingredients from sucks. The BBQ sauce was sickly sweet and ketchup tasting as opposed to a good bold smokey flavor.

I won't be returning here nor would I recommend it to anyone else. It was so bad we left at half time during the game we came to watch to find a different sports bar.
Bad food. BAD service.

I ordered Cheeseburger Sliders and Tots. The sliders were a joke and the tots tasted like they were fried in very old oil. 

While I was chatting with my friends and waiting for the food, our server came over and slammed my plate down in front of me, which actually scared me and made me jump. Later on, I asked for hot sauce, and when she brought it over, she of course walked by quickly (without any eye contact) and also slammed it on the table. Everything she said to us was lazy, slurred, and unclear. On multiple occasions, we would have to ask each other "What did she say?". It was clear that she didn't want to be there. There is no reason for that bad attitude, especially since we did nothing that could have annoyed her.

Trust the negative reviews! Don't go here!
Wow I am sad that this place is getting slammed by so many people.  This will be my last time to visit, I gave it 4 chances for a new joint and even with my suggestion to the owner that the oil was over 350 degress to cook wings did not help.  He gave me $10 gift card.  I ordered well done wings and not put on the grill.  The outside was great but the inside was still pink and rubbery.  Listen to me: 
The oil is too hot...
The Oil is too hot.  
You can not use the same oil for french fries.  Do not exceed 350 degrees and you will have super wings.  Check out you competition Zips Goldies Wolfley's perfect wings.
Good luch great idea bad execution.  Listen to your customers, Pei Wei can not be the only successful restaurant over a year old.
I've only been here twice... and am still trying to convince myself its worth returning. I'd love to have more good local bar/restaurants in the Grayhawk/Pinnacle area... and hope this place improves. The burgers are barely OK.. not really tasty. I've had much better in the same price range at places that don't advertise 'Cheeseburgers' in their name. The service seems really sketchy... the bar & kitchen can't seem coordinate with the servers... not impressed! For now, I often end up grabbing Pei Wei takeout across the lot... even when I'm in the mood for a burger/steak (frequently).

For what it's worth, a $30 gift card wouldn't be an enticement... reading on here that some kitchen reality show had stopped by and saved this place would be great!
Decent place with OK service and a nice environment for a place to watch a game.

First time dining here. Great location on the end cap but a smaller footprint than I would have expected for a burgers/sports bar type of restaurant.

Ordered a couple of BYO burgers. One with fries and the other with tater tots. 

The burgers were pretty good with a very nice 'artisan bun'. Excellent job cooking each to order!

The fries and tater tots were common frozen product with the tater tots very underwhelming.

TV's were of the same size mounted across the three sides of the restaurant and under the bar. No consistency in what games are being shown on which walls, so there  was lot of head turning!

While the video set up was not as good as Zipps, the food quality was far superior (Zipps is downright awful IMO).

Overall, a decent, local, non-chain place but one that has other competition and doesn't provide anything uniquely different to set itself apart.
Absolutely love this neighborhood joint!  The happy hour is great-buy one get one free appetizers,$5.00 drafts. (Yes, please!) I love the tot-chos, tator-tots done like nachos, so good. I have had the burgers, the signature one, the blue cheese one and the chili cheese one. All were cooked perfectly and they are hugely delicious. I have always found the service to be great and the staff to be very friendly. The atmosphere is expected for a burger/sports place. TV's placed everywhere for optimal sports watching views, I do wish they had buzz-time trivia but that's just a personal preference.  I would highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a great beer selection, great food and a great neighborhood experience.
My husband and I were in Scottsdale and passed this place. We went in primarily because of the name and we were very impressed! First off, I enjoyed the laid-back atmosphere. I was surprised it was so relaxed given the part of town it's located in. However, I was pleasantly surprised that this CB&CB lacked the pompous attitude often found in Scottsdale. Our server was absolutely amazing as well! She was attentive, friendly, and timely. Having served myself, I was genuinely impressed at her skills. In addition to a great atmosphere and fantastic service the food was downright amazing. My husband and I got burgers and we were both extremely impressed. In fact, that was one of the best burgers I have ever had. My fries weren't bad either, and my husbands buffalo wing chips were delicious. Overall, I can't say enough good things about this place and I definitely recommend giving it a try.
Been here 3 times so far.  The staff has treated me and my family well, the food I got tasted very good, and the beers have been good as well.  I'm not sure where these bad reviews came from because I've never had the issues people are complaining about.
Excellent burgers. Amazing sweet potato tots. Love the Pittsburg burger. Great beers on draft. Milkshakes are tasty. Everyone I bring to CB&CB love the burgers and tots. 
Buns are so-so and have changed a few times but I go bun-less
Great buffalo chicken dip and chips
Hot dogs are good 
Great happy hour and buy one app get one free for game days!
Don't get the prim beef sandwich
Turkey burger is okay
Chicken sandwich is good but not their signature dish
Service can be slow but staff is personable 

Only complaint is its not healthy enough to eat regularly
Service was OK ... food was meh ... price was OMG! This place won't last long.  Started by ordering a Smithwicks (on all the menus) oh sorry we don't have that anymore. Good I really didn't want to pay $6 for a beer.  Had the honey mustard wings to start they where just so so the blue chesse dressing was nice and chunky that was a plus.  My hangover burger was nothing special I've had better burgers at Denny's.  Over all it was just a disappointment I don't think it will get a second chance.
well after reading the reviews I thought I would give it a try as i was in the area.....I was expecting less but got more....good beer at a good price...for some reason they are on special on the weekend...not sure where it says that but the bartender did...$4 for a 19 ounce four peaks...burger was at bit spendy at $12 but the truffle and Gruyere was great...I will definitely pick up some local dines coupons when they come out and be back.. they it will be good value....also the fries were not hot but when mentioned fresh super hot ones arrived...the Chipotle ketchup was great too
Went for the first time with my family.  I was really surprised how small it was but it was very comfortable.  The sever was very nice and everyone liked the food.  Will go back
The onion dip is the best I have ever had! The beer is cold with a good selections and the bacon blue cheese burger was delicious and I really liked the house chips. The service was excellent. I say give it a try!
GREAT burgers.  Also our server was really helpful.  My only complaint is that since the burgers are so packed with goodness, the buns need to be a little more heavy-duty.  Mine fell apart pretty quickly.
Used Groupon for our first visit. We were impressed with the burgers. Cooked perfectly, good bun and tots. Will be back.
Just tried this place for the first time.   The food was excellent.   So if you're solely going for the food I would suggest this place.  The service, ehhh.   We sat down a few minutes before 7., and since the menu is limited to burgers we ordered at about 7:00  We got our food at 8:10.   This is usually a deal breaker for me.  Great food, disappointing how long it took.  But i'd give it another try, they can't be that slow all the  time.
Great burgers  service was ok. Would go back and bring friends/business associates.
Food took way too long.
We went for lunch using a groupon.  Great service, good burgers, plenty of food for left-overs, but quite expensive..  I'd only go back if I had a 1/2 off coupon.
Cold tater tots. Kids grilled cheese was inedible, full of burnt black pieces. Burgers were over cooked & very dry. Disappointing experience. Won't be back.
My daughter bought a groupon for this restaurant and we tried it tonight along with her two teenage kids. We were greeted and seated at once, and our waitress, Brittany, came by right away for drink orders.  The drinks came promptly and Brittany took our food orders right away.  The burgers were all very good, although cooked medium here is actually medium rare.  We had a hard time finishing everything because there was too much for us.  Our first experience here was very enjoyable and we'll definitely be back again. Thank you, Brittany, for making our first time there so good.
Tried to go there last night and it was a 45 minutes wait. Went back today for lunch. The inside is small and was very noisy at lunch time, so we sat outside. My daughter ordered a hot dog with cheese slices on it. When it was brought to the table the cheese was burnt black. We sent it back. When the next hot dog arrived it was burnt. She ate about 4 bites because she was hungry. My wife ordered the wings. They were rubbery and tasted fair. I tried two of them and was not impressed. My son had a plain hamburger and we ordered it cooked medium. It came out medium well. I had one of their specialty burgers and it was ok.  It was a little over cooked too. When my kids needed refills on their drinks I went inside and had to refill them myself. Twice we asked the waitress for extra napkins. She never brought them. Had to get them myself. I talked with the manager about the wings and hot dog not being right. He did take those items off the bill. We will never go here again.
Dined at CB & Cheeseburgers last night for the first time and don't think we will return.  My daughter in law and I both ordered the Asian chicken salad with the understanding from the menu that the chicken would be grilled.  Instead, our chicken was like cold shaved deli chicken and the salad looked nothing like the picture advertised on their website.  When I questioned the waitress she kind of shrugged her shoulders and said they often change things up!

My husband and son both had burgers and said they were good.

We ordered appetizers; wing, pretzel and asparagus, all just okay

My son ordered a Fat Tire and they were out; a popular beer and they're out!?!?

Also thought it was pricey for what they offered.
Pretty good burger! Good beer selection & happy hour prices. We shared the Juicy Lucy - it was cooked just right and had nice gooey, melty cheese inside that oozed out when we cut into it. We had the tater tots which were really good. Love when they are cooked just right and come out perfectly golden brown and hot and crispy all around. While the quality seemed ok it lacked a bit of flavor. Had to season it pretty good with salt and pepper - but that can go both ways. I do like to season my own food so that wasn't a deal breaker for me. If or when we are back in the area we'd stop in again.
Yes, service is a little slow at times but food is very good, hot & smokey mac & cheese is awesome, and the patio is dog friendly. A much needed addition to the neighborhood.
First time here yesterday. Dined with my daughter. I had the 1000 Island and my daughter had the Roadhouse along with the sweet tots. Everything was very good. Waitress was helpful and attentive.
Good burgers...split MacChz and Bleu...they need to do fre3sh cut fries tho and for 2 $43 with 2 beers is a bit hi for lunch...but, great beer selection and a min of 4 stars for any restaurant with PilsnerUrquel on tap!
I really want this place to work out since there have been a handful of failed restaurants that  have come and gone in that location and I really would love to see a local business succeed.  We've been here three times and the burgers are always really good however the service is always painfully slow.   Skip the other non-burger stuff because they're just ok - stick with their specialty burgers and you'll always have a great meal. Besides being very slow, the wait staff can have a bit of an attitude too - they're not rude but you can tell they're just not happy to be there.  If service was better, we'd come here more often as it is just two blocks from our house.
Dog friendly patio! 

Dude, seriously brah, I love taking my dog Riley here to chill on the patio with a beer and a burger. The beer list is extensive with local beers and imports. The burger list is huge! So many choices, or a build your own option. They're served with your choice of tots, sweet potato tots or fries. 

I've eaten here twice and both times were great. The patio is a little on the small side, so I try to come during an off time so my dog isn't bothering anyone, she's just way too friendly and nosey. She'd be all up in some lady's tots like "gimme one of your tots!". 

If you arent a burger person, although why wouldn't you be?!, they have chicken sandwiches, salads and wings too. 

Check it out, and look for me and Riley on the patio!
Good burgers, nice selection of beer. Not a fancy place and the service is so-so, but if you live close by, it's worth it.
Not all burgers are created equal and CB & CB proves it. Their signature burger is a solid, tasty and nicely garnished burger served with a numbers of different sides, my personal favorite being the sweet potato tots. Since I can't run to Moody's Pub or Goldy Burgers in Chicago this is my favorite place for burgers in Scottsdale.
Service all depends on the time of day and I'd never go back on a Friday or Saturday evening but any other time it's been great.
My husband and I ate here for the first time last night.  We had set out to try the new Which Wich restaurant in the same plaza, but since that place was already closed and it was after 8:30pm, we walked into this place.

The did not pay attention to us when we sat out on the patio.  Nobody came around to our table at all so after about 5 minutes we went inside.  This was kind of inconvenient because we were carrying around our 11 week old baby in his carrier too, but we repositioned ourselves at a table inside.

The server came over and asked to take our drink orders, but he didn't really greet us at all.  He was not very friendly.  No small talk either.  He was down to business.  It wasn't really even that busy.  

My husband had a Diet Coke to drink, but it tasted ultra syrupy.  It must have been served out of the bar hose.  I just had water which was a mistake.  It tasted like Chlorine.  My husband hollered to the waiter who appeared to be in earshot, "Excuse me!  Could we please get a bottled water?!?!?"  He didn't even turn around nor acknowledge him.

Finally, when he came back to our table to take our order, we asked him for one, but they don't have bottled water.  :"(  

Next we ordered the food.  We liked our food.   My husband was really impressed with his "Build Your Own Burger."  I had a Vegetable Salad which was really good.  The dressing was especially excellent.  It took a while to get our food out, but we really didn't mind because we were distracted by all of the televisions.  This was another plus.  The L.A. Lakers vs San Antonio Spurs playoff game was on.  

To summarize, this place really would have gotten more stars had the service been better.  However, it was nothing special compared to the other options North Scottsdale has to offer.  We may be back, but I doubt it.  Probably only if every other desirable option has already closed.
Great atmosphere, good beer and excellent service. 

My husband and I decided to try this place out tonight for the first time.  It is pretty close to home and the menu online looked interesting. We went around 6pm on a Friday night.  The place was packed but we only waited for about 15 minutes.  It is a small space but has a nice friendly vibe.  We had decided on our order while we waited so we were ready when we got to the table.  Our server, Taryn was very friendly but most importantly she was quick and efficient.  (We were there with our 2 month old and 3 year old).

My husband had the CB+CB Burger with fries, I had the sliders and onion rings and we both had a beer.  Our daughter shared with us. Overall everything was fresh and delicious. The onion rings were crisp, the burgers juicy and I was very excited they had one of my favorite beers on tap. Before tip our bill was only $29! 

We will for sure be back.
I've been to this establishment on 2 different occasions and have no complaints.  Yes, the place resembles a neighborhood sports bar, if you want fancy and white glove service go to Lush or somewhere.

The food my wife and ate (Juicy Lucy/Mac n cheese) were of very good quality and tasted good, along with the sweet potato tots!

Establishment has ample supply of big screens to allow you to watch all your sports venues from which ever wall you are facing.
The food is decent. Good selection of beers and happy hour prices... But for those who get duped into buying a Groupon, buyer beware... If you use a Groupon, you will NOT get happy hour prices. This is the ONLY restaurant that has ever pulled this crap. I basically had to pay full price for my family tonight. Was totally pointless on using the Groupon. Shame on you CBCB, for deceiving customers like this. I will be hard pressed to recommend this place now to any friends and colleagues.
LOVE this place! Its the sister to Arcadia Tavern and while it is no AT, you get the same neighborhood bar feel.

Plus, they have superb tots!

YUM!
Always looking for a good burger so decided to give this place a shot during happy hour. It was very busy with many families and small children there. It's a local Grayhawk hangout, nice little joint with many beers and TV's all over the place. I ordered some new burger they had called the French Onion for $13 (a little pricey IMHO). I think I misread the description because I was somehow thinking I was getting a french onion soup type of dipping bowl or something. It was a big burger with an onion ring on it and some french dip sauce. Although it was different than what I had envisioned it was still very tasty and the fries were pretty good too. Huge portions. They had 16 oz beers in cool grenade style mugs for $3. Many other beers to chose from. We had good service and even though it was packed the food came out in a timely manner. My girl had the hot dog and she said it was "pretty good".  I would go here again, I will try the shake next time with my burger.
Very tasty...My friend and I arrived a half hour before closing  on a Sunday night. I had heard positive reviews about CBAC and had been driving by it a number of times...

Other than the server who looked exhausted after working a double shift, and nonetheless who was very nice and accommodating....the juicy Lucy  burger I ordered was very tasty and came infused with a variety of cheeses...possibly one of the best burgers I had ever had...The burgers come with choices of sides (fries, tater tots, or salad) but you do pay $ 2.00 extra for them, just a forewarning as the server may ask you what you want as a side not assuming that you don't know it's not already included...Not a big deal in itself but it would be nice if it would be made clear as it's not necessarily obvious...until I really paid attention to the top of the menu's finer print.

My burger was wonderful and cooked to perfection...I was just alarmed at the mountain of tater tots that were served alongside it versus a handful or should I say a normal portioned size...I disagree that the tater tots are awesome as stated in other reviews...If you want the bomb tater tots, you need to drive south to Rehab Burger Therapy in Old Town and you'll get a guaranteed climax...enough said...

Tasty burgers, good service...no big deal about the side dishes...I do like the place even better than LUSH...as it's more casual and not  pretentious....other than the interior is really nothing special, and could be a little bit more inviting in my humble opinion....

Last but not least, I counted at least thirteen TV screens which I assume should be plenty to entertain you while you feast on your burger concoction.
Been here a few times, trying to like it more than I do, but it's just so so. Burgers are good, some rather creative choices like the Mac 'n Cheese Burger and the Juicy Lucy, and they're keeping up with what seems to be a more and more popular trend of Tater Tots or Sweet Potatoe Tots or "Sweet Tots" as they like to call theirs.  Everything I have had has been good.  Maybe it's the fact that it seems to take too much time, and I have to listen to one staff members hang over stories to another and what bar are they going to tonight after work.  Maybe it was during each of the 3 times they came by to ask me how my meal was, my mouth was completely full, but somehow I got the point across that it was fine.  Not that the meal changed in the next few minutes or so, but they still wanted to know if it was still fine, and again.  I finally pointed to my full mouth until he needed his head that he understood.  Pet Peeve of mine, Over Service is just as bad as Under Service.  Good Food, Great Beer Selection, and Lots of TV's for such a small place.
Stopped in after a movie. First impressions...busy, no tables open at 6:35 PM on a Saturday night, noisy, wait folks just doing there job... Not very friendly. FOOD, I ordered a build your own burger. Did not time the wait, felt we had to wait a little to long for a medium cooked burger. Tasty, but for my taste bun was to buttery. If I'm looking for a good burger near to where I live I'd go here rather than Blue Burger, but it's a look calmer In Blue Burger.
Good burgers.  Been to the restaurant several times and have no complaints about the food.  My issue is that they recently changed their menu and started charging $2 extra for tots or onion rings instead of fries or chips.  Wish that they had made this a little clearer or instructed their servers to point it out.  Seemed ridiculous paying $2 extra per order even for kids portions.  Nice way to pad the bill.  Was there on a busy night and had to get our own silverware, plates, etc since we couldn't get anyone's attention.
Hamburgers were really good. There was a lot of choices for hamburgers. They had fries, cheese fries, tots, and red onion rings. 

Service on the other hand was lacking. Total wait time to order was about fifteen mintutes and it wasn't even busy.

This place had a bar feel, on the loud side not really kid friendly.
I really wanted to like this place, I had bookmarked it a while back and when the dinner opportunity came up I was super stoked. It's not too far from my house, and the prices didn't look to bad. Plus, they had a happy hour. Score!

When we got there, it wasn't too busy, which is good. There must've been a memo I didn't get about screaming children though. I'm all for family restaurants, but this restaurant is actually pretty tiny, and the tables are smooshed together. We had the lucky opportunity to sit next to the loudest of the kids, so the first half of our visit was not great. 

Our waitress, that's another review all on its own. I don't know why, but I have an issue with restaurant dress codes. I don't need to see a girl wearing shorts so short that the bottom of her bum is sticking out. This was pretty much all of the female staff. She greeted us right away, which was good, but then it took about 10 minutes for ice water . . . then she only took one alcohol order. I had said I wasn't sure what I wanted, but she didn't come back for another fifteen or so minutes. That was annoying. She was pretty absent from then on. refills were sporadic, so we had to hold on to what we had. Not sure when the next refill would come.

When we finally got to ordering (I'll admit it took us awhile because we are pretty chatty) I was famished. I ordered mac n cheese (duh) and everyone else ordered a burger. The mac n cheese I ordered had broccoli and chicken in it, my favorite combination. However, when the mean came out, for some reason there was no chicken in it . . . and the cheese had hardened on the top, which makes me think it had been sitting for a while before being brought out. The waitress noticed I had no chicken, so she brought me out a piece on grilled chicken on a side plate. This was the tiniest, thinnest, piece of 'chicken' i've ever seen.

The food was tasty however, so no complaints (minus no chicken and cold mac n cheese).

All in all, probably would come again, but not for beer, it was very expensive, (between 4 of us, we had bout 12 beers and it was $90 during happy hour?). I also would probably not recommend it unless you are prepared for the unwatched screaming children and over priced beer.
After a few return trips, Cold Beers & Cheesburgers really started to grow on me.  I tried more of its burgers, beers, and sides, and I really started to enjoy what CB & CB has to offer.  But, when I ate there last week, everything went down when I picked up the menu.

The prices have been jacked up.  And not only is it more expensive in general, but there is now an up charge for sides other than chips and fries.  Part of what made CB & CB stick out from countless amount of burger joints in the valley was all the side options.  Now, the meal that cost about $10 or $11 a month ago, is around $12 to $15.   The happy hour and daily specials are also not what they used to be.

So to sum it up.  The food is good, but worth the price.  The good news is that CB & CB is still on local dines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485).  You're now really going to want to use the $30 for $15 gift certificate so you don't feel overcharged.
Nice people, good food and  a great beer selection.

The waitress was great, and we really all enjoyed our sandwiches.  

But then again,  I had damn well better enjoy them at $13 each!! If you "upgrade" your side, you've got a $15 burger.  

AND, after I ordered (during happy hour BTW) I found out our beers were SEVEN DOLLARS EACH.

$22 for a meal consisting of a cheeseburger and a beer?   

Think about it -- 4 people could walk out dropping $100 for cheeseburgers, after tax and tip.  

That's just crazy.

Yes, the food was good but value is part of the equation and on that, CBCB fails.
Yummy!!! Even though the place was packed the service was fantastic and the food came out quick!  The burgers where great and loved the sweet potato tots. All I needed was maple syrup to dip those in.
Met the wife here with our kids and two of their friends (6 of us) and we all had build your own burgers except my wife who had wings.  I have to save the burgers were excellant.  All of the kids loved theirs and mine was awesome with a fried egg and garlic aioli sauce.  As far as how they were cooked, that too was very close to perfect.  

On the down side, the waitress went MIA many times while our drinks were empty (couldn't even find her and when she was near our table, just walked past as we tried to wave her down) and other people that sat down quite a bit after us had drink orders and food orders before ours gave us the time of day (taller girl with long blonde hair).

Other than a subpar waitress, I have to admit the food was excellant and the tater tots were the best I have ever tasted - crispy on the outside and moist inside with a buttery flavor.  It was very busy and I can't say I really disliked anything other than our server and the kids burger options.  The price was a little up there with four kids and two adults (only one domestic beer with everyone else having sodas or iced tea) we were right at $100.00.

They do have a two sliders meal as an option for kids, but all of our kids wanted a burger, so you are looking at about $10.00 per kid plus their drinks.  I will definitely be back with hopefully a better server and not so many kids.  If they could add a smaller kids burger to the menu and better servers, I would give it four or five stars, since none of our kids could finish the larger ones and everyone was very unhappy about the service.
Must try and you will be hooked! Has options for everyone, even if you do not eat burgers there are veggie burgers, and fantastic salads. The serving staff is always up beat and helpful, and you can tell they enjoy being there and being with each other and helped one another out. 

Our glasses were never empty and the server, an attentive blonde female, had all the condiments out on the table before the food was there. which is always nice to not have to keep asking for things while you're enjoying. 
we were there on a busier weekday night and she said it is due to the groupon that was soon to expire, Only 1 out of the 5 burgers we ordered wasn't so perfect with the temperature. prices are not outrageous and still compete with other like businesses. 


all in all, great music and atmosphere. It is a little loud so its perfect for groups, families or younger crowds. another location in old town Scottsdale too! 

SEE YOU SOON CB&CB
The food is always good and tasty, but with a name like cold beer and cheeseburgers, I expected the 'cold' beer selection to be a little better.  The first two I ordered were not in stock and the bartender told me they don't have a lot of what is on their menu.  He also mentioned to me how much $ they spent on their menu sign which I thought was a little unorthodox.  

I finally got the Pilsner draft and was very shocked to see that less than a pint was $6.  Now, I am no expert, but that just seems unreasonable to me.  It came in a little circle glass and I know it wasn't a full glass like you would get at any other establishment.  It has been a while since I have been and I don't remember the drinks being so much $ or them not having what they list on their menu, however, the food is incredible and I try a different burger each time I go.  I will definitely be back for the food, but if you are going to have a drink, my suggestion is to get your booze somewhere else.  

Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers, at least for now, gets half of that equation right.  I will be back to try another one of their succulent creations.
Walked in, got seated quickly, then waited for 10 min for someone, anyone, to  acknowledge our presence. When we finally asked a waitress if she could help us, she replied,"Uh, I guess, yah."  Needless to say, we walked out. Is there a way to give a "no-star" review on Yelp?
The food here is AMAZING!!! I'm getting hungry just thinking abut it! Their tot-chos are to die for! The service was not so hot, but I was too consumed in deliciousness to pay attention.
My partner and I were getting ready to start our Sunday Funday drinking at BS West on 7/28/13 and we decided it might be a good idea to eat first seeing as we haven't eaten all day.  CBCB is within walking distance from the club so we decided we'd check it out. We were greeted at the door and were taken to a booth. There were many different sporting events on the televisions. I was pleased to see that they were showing the soccer game, with a lot of soccer fans in attendance at CBCB. It was USA vs. Portugal, which we won 1-0, WOOT WOOT! But the server was nice and brought us waters right away. Every person that was working there looked to be in good moods and they were an attractive bunch of guys and gals! The menu tells you everything you need to know about the food and prices, including any extra charges for substitutions. I ordered the mac and cheese burger and my partner ordered the glazed doughnut burger.  It was REAL mac and cheese too, not that crap from a box with the powdered cheese. When the food arrived, which was pretty quick, one bite into the hamburger and my life was changed. There's a reason why the burgers are a little on the pricy side; you're paying for quality. It was AMAZING! My partner couldn't even talk as his brain was on another planet after eating his hamburger. The tots and fries were good too.  CBCB saved our lives as we didn't get too trashed when we went back to the club as we were stuffed the rest of the day. Thanks CBCB, we will definitely be returning with others from the bar. Keep up the great work and the great food.
First of all, let me say this is the best possible 1 star review ever. Let me expound on that. Honestly it was just one HUGE negative that brought this review from 4 stars to a measly one star. But I'll get to that in a minute. Let me tell you why I was going to give a 4 star review: The biggest reason, very nice staff. My server & the manager just kinda hung out & talked with me. Secondly, very nice atmosphere(They literally just remodeled). Thirdly(keep in mind I've only been there once & only got the 3-patty burger challenge) the burger was good, not great, but I have been told by many that their TOT CHO's (tater-tot nacho's) & their custom Mac N' Cheese are unique & to-die-for. Unfortunately, I'll will never get to try them, b/c despite all the positives I've mentioned, the ONE HUGE NEGATIVE I experienced, has caused me, out of principle, to never come here ever again. That issue: RIDICULOUS, UNDISCLOSED PRICE GOUGING. Let me explain. They have burger challenges ranging from 3-14, half LB. patties. You have to beat the champions time for each respective size & if u do, u get a picture on the wall & the burger is free. Now, their cheapest burgers are $10 & come with fries. Additional patties are $5. So,the cheapest 3 patty burger should cost $20 & come with fries. But for the challenge, you don't have to eat the fries, so in my opinion, they should knock $2 bucks off, but they don't. Mildly irritating, but no big deal. $20 for a 1 &1/2 pound gourmet cheese burger in North Scottsdale is not insane. However,
 30 FREAKIN' DOLLARS, the amount of my bill is HIGHWAY ROBBERY. So how the Hell did it cost $30, when I could've ordered a BETTER BURGER(more & better toppings) WITH FRIES off of the menu for $20?. The old Switch-a-roo, that's how. First of all, they don't let you order a $10 single patty burger & add two $5 patties to it. Oh no, that would be WWWWAAAAAAYYY too logical & fair. No, you have to buy the $18 2 Patty Mammoth burger, which isn't even on the menu & all it comes w/ is cheese lettuce & tomato. Then you have to add a $5 patty to that, making it $23 before tax FOR JUST THE BURGER.I know what you're saying "But Chris, if all u got was just the burger, no drink or anything,(which was the case) after tax it would still be like $25 & change. Well now comes in the part that explains why I will never come here again. I told the manager I didn't want the lettuce & pickles. He said, no problem, you can SUBSTITUTE 2 pieces of bacon for each veggie i want to take off. Now, call me crazy, but if a Server says you can SUBSTITUTE something & don't mention an upcharge, to me that means the substitution is free. Apparently, this place didn't get the memo. Not only did they rob me of the fries AND CHARGE charge me an unexplained extra $3 dollars, they charged me another 4 FREAKIN DOLLARS FOR 4 BACON STRIPS!!!!!!!!!!!!! And in case u were wondering I did finish it, but not in time. So I had to pay $29.15 for a slightly above-average, 1& 1/2LB. cheese burger w/ 4 strips of bacon on it!!!!!!!!!! I've litterally have had $8 burgers @ Chilie's that were just as good & satisfying, b/c they came with fries. So basically, in my opinion, I was double charged, b/c they most I would have willingly paid for that burger is $15 MAX, AFTER TAX. I paid $29.15!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hence the 1 star
Burgers were good. Nice to actually get a medium rare burger these days. Tater tots good too, but $2 additional for sweet tots. Kind of in line with everything else though, expensive! We were there for happy hour and they did have the American burger with fries for $8, no tots. Happy hour card on table indicated $4 drafts. Apparently that only applied to select varieties and nowhere did it say which brews. Bud Light? All our beers were $7 for a pint! That's not happy hour. Decent neighborhood sports bar but probably won't go back.
Service was below average. Wait staff seemed to get every table's order mixed up with another when serving food. 

Random items ended up on our bill. Thankfully the removed it once I said something.

Custom made a burger and Mac N' Cheese. Half of what I ordered was missing.

In all, it was a slightly below average burger joint.
Better to walk across the parking lot to Chipotle. 

Waited over an hour for my food and never got my order correct. Nor asked what my correct order really was.

They wouldn't comp the meal! 

Don't waste your time and money.
Just tried this place for the first time this past Sunday. It was a great place to watch football, not to mention awesome food and very attentive service. I will definitely be back!
The one star is because of the food being awesome, assuming you can get served and that they haven't run out of staples like fries, tater tots, and onion rings. I'm not making this up! After waiting 46 minutes for our beers (which were never brought to our table), we decided to leave. We told the waitress why we were leaving and there was no apology given, no sorry, no nothing. Clearly, they are lacking management. Sad. The food is great but the service was non-existent. Can't believe they spent all that money remodeling, only to lose our party of 8. Wonder how many others left. As we were leaving, another table said they had been there an hour without much progress either. We went to Chipotle across the parking lot and ate without effort or hassle. Yea Chipotle!!
Okay, I have had a chance to be back in a couple of times now since our boys are now playing baseball for SCR and most practices and games are in North Scottsdale. I have to admit I have read some other reviews and I just don't get it, every time I go with the boys we have a good meal at a great price and enjoy our selves.

With that said, we went just a coupe of nights ago and I was totally impressed they have remolded and made this corner spot In Greyhawk a must see. They now have a much bigger bar that opens up to the out side and have expanded their patio and added some booths, and yes they even added more TV's

So take what you want from the reviews, but if you want a good burger in a casual neighborhood setting, give this place a try!
Went last night and the service was terrible. Food was pretty good, but couldn't even get our drinks filled. Had to ask the bartender for our check because the server never came back. But, probably the most disappointing part of the night was the managers. No manager ever came through our section. One of our orders didn't even come out and the manager never came by to see if he could do anything for us. The server was horrible, but the manager should have seen what was going on. The funniest part was that as we were leaving two ladies were complaining about the exact same service that they had received.
I am giving Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers 5 stars for many reasons. First, the food is excellent and the beer is cold. These are very important keys. Second, the service was beyond expectation for a "burger joint". Lastly, a personal experience that won us over for life.

My wife, 2 children, and I came in to see what the hype was about. We have friend that are avid fans and it turns out, so are we. I had the Ring of Fire burger and a Kiltlifter beer and I couldn't have asked for more. The burger was cooked perfectly to mid-rare, the toys were golden and hot, and my beer was ice cold. Well done!

Now, when my family and I walked in, we were greeted with smiles by James, who we later find out is a manager. He seats us in a perfect spot and welcomes us in for our first visit. Nice touch. We were then welcomed by our waitress (Mayra) and drinks were brought immediately, also by James. We had a lot of question being our first time in and they were both very knowledge and helpful. 

Here is where the personal experience comes in. We are new to the area, originally from the east coast. Our 8 year old son, who is handicapped, was having a miserable day. For James and the staff to go out of their way to accommodate us and make us feel comfortable, there is no better feeling. I have been in the hospitality business my whole life and have never received such an amazing welcoming to the neighborhood. All our son talks about now is going to see James and Mayra at the cheeseburger place. For this my family thanks you, you have a customer for life.
It's barely worth one star. I have given this place 4 chances solely based on how good the food is. My wife and I have gone 2 times before the remodel and now last night was the second and last after remodel. The service is horrible! Either you don't get acknowledge when you are first seated or it take 15min for a beer and 30-45 min for food. That's if they bring you the right food. I blame the management because there is none. I have never had a manager come by my table as with all other restaurants. This place needs a John Taffer makeover badly! It's really sad cause the food is good and it's near my house! Oh well they are on my list of "no return".
Angus beef burger w/gruyere and caramelized onions. Better than your average burger!

The turkey burger, just plain was even more flavorful.

Mac and cheese, let's just say AMAZING.

Service Hmmm, how do you say "SLOW for no apparent reason," nicely? 

Anywho, was lunch for three worth $69 bucks, not sure. Perhaps if my glass of iced tea was kept full without asking!
Great work from the kitchen, but EPIC FAIL by front of house... If only that great food hadn't died on the pass! (6-8 minutes waiting!!) Beer arrived "cool" and FLAT. (how long had IT been sitting there?!) Goddamit!

[It looks like yelpers Zachary V. and Dan P. got it right before me. Poor service since at least a few months ago!]

The FRENCH ONION BURGER was well-conceived and the ingredients were great!
--perfectly-cooked medium-rare burger
--gruyere on top. great choice, perfect flavor, but already hardening and cold
--grilled onions were juicy and not too salty
--even the bun was buttery and delicious
--tater-tots perfectly cooked
### Too bad it all arrived lukewarm and DEAD.

You know (or perhaps you don't) what "dead" food tastes like. If you don't know what that means, think "taking home a to-go bucket of fried chicken with a side bucket of french fries". When you arrive home, it's just faded! The fried chicken may still be kind of crispy and slightly warm and the fries may be tasty, but they've lost their life. They're DEAD! You go (or you should be going) to a restaurant to taste well-prepared food, from fresh, high-quality ingredients, presented just moments after cooking.

Here's the timeline:
# arrived, patio table filthy from previous diners. Where's the support staff? (nowhere)
# host didn't even notice how dirty our table was and take action to clean it
# nor did our server when she arrived to ask us if we wanted waters. I had to ask her for a towel to clean it up. Oh, was this supposed to be a sawdust-bar?
# +12 first service (to take drink orders) 12 minutes.
# +19 minutes orders taken
## +22 minutes beer arrives. For a place called "cold beer" and cheeseburgers, I want to be *drinking* a draught beer no more than 6 minutes after I sit down.
### the beer is FLAT and "cool". At +22 minutes, I was going to drink it anyway. goddamit! I am so mad at you right now!
+35 minutes, the table next to us, having arrived after us, receives part of their order (2 plates) before us
+43 minutes, the table next to us receives their other 2 mains.
## +45 minutes, our food arrives, DEAD
+50 minutes, i sent it back saying I don't have time now to wait another 20 minutes for more food.
+55 minutes my colleagues sitting at a nearby table get their food, having arrived a few minutes after we did
# +75 minutes, i have to flag down another server to get our check

Other suggestions:
* Redesign your menus. Beer and Alcohol menu reads like an index card i'm using as a cheat-sheet for a lecture.
* As you present the regular menu, explain it to me. Tell me that the apps and features are on the front, and the Burgers (!) are on the back. Talk to me about it, and get me excited for what i'm about to eat. Don't just drop me and run.
* it's *&@#$'n October in Phoenix. The weather is fantastic. You gotta know that folks are going to want to find a place to sit and have a great lunch (beer and a burger) on a great patio. How can you not properly staff for a mildly busy lunch service?!
* where are the busers, runners and support staff? (read: nowhere!) Offload some of this work from the servers to let them do their jobs properly.


Note: there may be a problem with my phone, but when I went to check in here and my GPS put me ON TOP OF the restaurant, it fell to 24th on the list of "nearby restaurants". :/
I've been here a handful of time. Food is good but the service is sloooooow! Even when we asked the waitress if we could place an order she said she had to get a pen and took another 15-20 mins to get back to us. We waited about 30 minutes for our appetizer and when our burgers came out, the medium we ordered came out well done. We sent it back and it came out well done again. The manager did take it off the bill but we would rather have had a burger cooked the way it was ordered. I think it will be awhile before we try it again. Location is great and the concept is good, just need to work on customer service, server personalities, and food prep times.
I always enjoy trying new places. The burgers were good and the menu includes a wide variety of burger options. Good beer selection as well. Service was a little slow, but we arrived at the same time as a large group that took up half the restaurant. I will definitely go back because the burger was tasty and I enjoyed the meal.
Love the new patio! But the wait on a Saturday night was really too long. At least a 45 min wait after ordering.
Had lunch here yesterday and am SOLD! Had the Rocky Pt burger and it was all that I hoped it would be and more. Love the fact that they serve their burgers w/a huge steak knife impaled in your burger. Nice touch. Fries were fat and mealy - very filling. They did get the wrong burger out to me, but did make up for it by correcting it quickly (ordered mine rare).

Also tried 2 of their Bloody Mary's and they def served as my "hair of the dog" and chased my headache away nicely.

I wld like to try the Old Town location though. The one in N. Scottsdale/Phx is a bit tame, but that's okay as I wanted to visit w/my friends. 

Sit on the patio - good for ppl watching and you can still see the football games on. :)
Was there last weekend... The food was good not great and service could be improved.  I ordered the pit burger which is pretty much a BBQ bacon cheeseburger. The burger was served with a knife in it and it felt like they added an extra helping of BBQ sauce where the knife was stuck. So when I actually cut the burger in half, that area including the bread was drenched in BBQ sauce. The rest of the burger was not soaked like that which is why I think they added extra BBQ sauce where the knife was stuck into the burger. I was not impressed with my burger being served that way. The waitress got my friend's order wrong bringing her the wrong burger so we had to wait another 10 mins for her food to come out. This could have been prevented had she wrote down the order. Overall, they're ok. Will probably give them another try and see if next time is any better.
Amazing amount of TVs for the size of the place. Really large selection of beers in bottle & on tap, though the best options are in the bottle - hope they revisit their tap selection soon. Burger was good, I preferred it to the one's I've had at Burger Rehab. Great place to watch a game(s).
I've dined at their Old Town location before, but this was my first time in their North Scottsdale location.  We dropped by for lunch on a Sunday around 11 am.  It was starting to get busy with people showing up to watch football games.  There's plenty of TV's throughout the bar, dining room, and patio areas....perfect for watching football.

After browsing the menu, we ordered:

O-Lineman Burger (Burger Patty slammed between 2 Grilled Cheese Sandwiches), $14
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-scottsdale?select=HzI9n1OxR5CbBpWmEOpyOQ#HzI9n1OxR5CbBpWmEOpyOQ
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-scottsdale?select=sA0zZbBfpjzszeejtS7Tkw#sA0zZbBfpjzszeejtS7Tkw

Prime Rib Sliders, $12
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-scottsdale?select=Z0ntlX976Cu26SoDT72d0w#Z0ntlX976Cu26SoDT72d0w

Open Pit Burger, $12
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-scottsdale?select=4SuLfJfnGNk4DkYfwT5ZVw#4SuLfJfnGNk4DkYfwT5ZVw

Hot and Smokey Mac n Cheese, $12
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-scottsdale?select=uzjQ397lgcf3lgwwRTarrQ#uzjQ397lgcf3lgwwRTarrQ

Kiddo had the O-Lineman Burger, which was massive!  He's a growing boy though and easily man-handled it.  He loved it.

I had the Open Pit Burger...it had a lot of flavor.  The BBQ Sauce complimented the Burger well.

Mom had the Prime Rib Sliders....she really enjoyed them too.

We all split a side of Hot & Smokey Mac n Cheese....the diced Jalapeños that were mixed into it gave it a nice spicy bite....yum!  It's a healthy portion that can easily be shared between 2 or 3 people.

Service here was so/so....I had to flag down the server to refill my Beer glass....food came out hot and fast and our orders were taken right after we sat down....it was the refills that were problematic.

Overall, I like this location.  It's more laid back than the Old Town location, which is more of a party atmosphere.

Return Factor - 95%
Ordered burger "med. well" for take out even had the girl repeat back my order & made sure it will be med. well only slightly pink she said. Well when I got home with it...it was pretty much RARE TO MEDIUM RARE !!! Will NOT be ordering food there anymore. Too many other places that will get your order correct. The chips were good though. The order was ready on time.
Cold beers and cheeseburgers is my kinda place, with the lovely staff and the great food this is a family resturaunt. The burgers are fantastic and the service is great- recommend the 1000 island burger with French fries. Also the tots were very good as well, cold beer was just the answer to a lovely dinner!
Should be called cold beers and cold cheeseburger. You would think that the b.y.o.b. checklist that they have you fill out would help with the order accuracy...built my own mushroom swiss burger and when it came to the table I gave it an odd look and the waitress asked "what are you looking for? " I said I think my burger is missing the mushrooms.  When she came back,  I also noticed that my mushroom swiss burger was missing the swiss cheese.  Instead of taking the burger back into the kitchen to melt the cheese on she brings me a slice of swiss cheese straight from the fridge.  I actually paused and thought to myself 'wtf'. She then proceeds to ask if I wanted it melted. I said "yes please" to which her response was "all you had to do was ask". Horrible.
I frequent the newly remodeled Grayhawk location. Whether you are looking for a great spot for drinks and sports or have hunger pains, you can always count on a great experience here.  Monster portions, delicious burgers, salads, appetizers, sandwiches and more!  Indoor outdoor seating, patio heaters for brisk AZ nights!  A favorite local spot!  Highly recommend.
Live 5 minutes walk  finally made it here, shoulda waited longer
Sat for twenty minutes, waiter was friendly when she took order, food for 3( burgers medium rare) took 45 minutes to get to table, all three were wrong, undercooked , over cooked, incorrect, missing items

Mangers response, I don't know why those two guys are in the kitchen alone!! He doesn't know, well that sucks

This is a place that has an item on the menu for you to order a beer for the kitchen after their shift, maybe you should be able to order them a recipe book

Skip this place at all costs
Oddly enough I've never been here but we have it catered at my work all the time. It's just down the street from me and I'm tempted to go in sometime. The sliders and the Mac & cheese are absolutely out of this world and I have to say for never having actually visited the restaurant I'm compelled to recommend this place to anyone!
This place has either gotten rid of old management or had a come to jesus moment because its done a complete flip from previous experience.  Keep up the good work.
Five dollar off coupons are all over the place - your yelp offer, also in magazines and newspapers and since the manager admitted that the home office screwed up, you can use these coupons at Happy Hour. So, the $7.50 all-american burger at HH becomes a real bargain at that point. It is a very solid burger as well, this one has no bells and whistles, just cheese and lettuce, etc. It would only be at the $10 price point when they start to get fancier and more creative. The buns here are quite fresh, the burger is a pretty good size at 1/2 pound and they cooked it right on the first try. I ordered the chips and those were crunchy and several were double-folded, which is a good thing. This location became 100% dead at 8pm and i had the bar to myself. The outside part of the bar though was poorly designed to watch TV as you can see all the screens on the far wall, but they are kinda far awy to concentrate on the games. Sit at inside bar to enjoy games. Friendly service and manager and quick service were also appreciated. I think I have tried tried half the stuff on this menu, mostly in Old Town, and they always get things right and tasty.
5 stars for food. Knocked one off for sour puss server. Would it kill you to smile? 
We got the sleepy dog red rover irish ale and kilt lifter beers. Both were so good and chilled to perfection. The mac and cheese burger was calling our name which we answered with a pretzel bun, of course. The best burger I've ever had,  no joke. We will be back and hopefully we won't get the same debby downer server.
Loved it.  Great service. Great good. Chef came out personally and brought my wife fresh chicken.  Amber was awesome!
This place was pretty good.  I am a big burger person. We brought the little guy and he loved it.   Service was good.   It's kind of dive bearish, and the first high chair we picked was broken, but overall food good service good so no complaints here.   I would def go back
A great place for "cold beer and burgers"!! Great food and service. The burgers are what they do best, however you must try the  mac and cheese as well!!  Yum!!
Great place to watch sports as there are plenty of tv's, a great beer selection, but wished the food was better. It is not that the food is bad it is just so heavy and rich. If you eat an entire burger, you will be full for 2 days... Usually end up making what we call the " hell fire nachos" which is basically their hell fire chips covered with the buffalo chicken spread.
I heard from some friends that the service was better from cb&c. I have said in the past I would never go back. The service always sucked but the food was great. Based on the food only I decided to give it another chance. I was pleasantly surprised that they figured out their service issues and got them resolved. As of now I have been there 4 times and each time I had great service. I am happy to report that cb&c is back on my list of favorites!
My friend celebrated her 29th birthday last night at this place. I met the Manager before hand and gave him a credit card for the group of 18. They ate and drank and had a great time. From the excellent manager, all the the way down this is a great place. They said the food and hospitality was fantastic. Thanks again for taking care of our friends. We will to continue to recommend your wonderful place to all our fiends. Cheers !!!!!!
If it hadn't of happened I wouldn't have believed it.

We walked in approximately 7:30 on a Sunday to a half full restaurant only to be met by a young hostess who told us that it was a min of a 10min wait for a table... As I looked at at least a dozen open tables I asked her why we could not sit.  She tells us "I am trying to give my servers a break, we got busy..." Again, we look around a half full restaurant with a half full bar (with an obvious bored bartender) and with a little surprise say "Excuse me?, there are many tables available".  She says with a huff that "its really busy and we'd have to wait at least 10min, maybe longer..." More than surprised I ask if we can order to go and she says ( I kid you not), "no, its still too busy for me and my servers, you can wait outside if you like..."

Manager/Owner:  Fire her.  Not only did she turn away multiple tables, she was so clueless as to her duties and role that she didnt even offer to sit us with a short wait... where we and others would have ordered a few drinks and waited for the staff to catch up...  If this is the way you run your place you will go out of business.  Maybe its years of working in restaurants, maybe its just me, but this was the epitome of horrible service and represents the exact type of person NOT to have working in any customer facing / service business. 

We will never return.  And why would we when there are several great places within a mile.  In fact we had a great meal served with a smile and kindness at Local Bistro just down the street.

TL:DR = moronic young hostess turns away multiple tables and customer because she doesnt know how to work or how to employ any semblance of customer service.  Yes, the cliches about millennials are true for a reason.
Good food, but kinda pricy. Service is hit and miss. Can get very busy, to the point of being uncomfortable. Of course all the burgers are good, but the Grayhawk Club is awesome. Oh, and the beers are super cold.
Went here on 5/24.

The good: Tot chos (nachos with tater tots instead of chips). i would order these again. Cold beer with lots of choices. Menu with lots of stuff that looks appealing. Sliders were very good.

Not so good: The au jus was super salty. Had the french dip and couldn't use much of the au jus. Ordered the brownie sundae and it came in a beer mug. Wasn't good and eating it out of a beer mug was weird. Our server asked us how we liked our food and I told him that the dessert wasn't very good. He said, "I know, it's not very good". They still let us order it and charged us for it.

I think there are a lot of good things about this place but steer clear of anything that has au jus and skip the dessert.
I don't get the low reviews for this place. I come here for snacks and beer every Monday evening with my basketball group and always have a good time. I can't say that I have fully explored the menu but I can say I have a few favorites.

1. Killer hot wings. Some night super spicy, some nights not so much. Always delicious. I think they throw them on the grill after they sauce them which adds awesome flavor. One of my favorite wing spots in town.

2. Cheese burger sliders. Sooooo good. Little bit of cheese and sautéed onions with some salty au jus. I could eat a half dozen, but I wouldn't feel good about it.

3. Beer. Ya ya ya lots of place have beer. This place has a great selection and they always have my favorite lagunitas IPA on tap. 

The staff is always friendly and doesn't mind a bunch of sweaty and stinky dudes rolling in late on a Monday night. 

Will be back next Monday, and all Mondays in the foreseeable future.
The thousand island burger and sweet potato tots= delicious!  Points lost for the clientele,  or lack there of. There's never anyone in there (at least when I've gone which I'd after 7pm). I hear their happy hour is hopping!
Pretty good burger.  Service was friendly and attentive and I really love those brioche buns.  
I will say, the whole food challenge thing, while not for me (the last thing I need is a bunch of people gathering around to watch me eat)  creates quite the hoopla.  The hungry bear of a man attempting it while I was there attracted quite the crowd.  Good times.
For $5 cheese and pepperoni pizzas and no wait, not to bad. Besides my kids love the crazy bread and you don't argue with a 5 and 2 year old when it's dinner time after a hard day of playing. Little Caesars is really great when you need dinner quick and don't want the grease in the box places. So far we haven't had anyone complain when you show up with a couple of pies and a 12 pack.
Chow time.
You get what you pay for then a little more here I just  hate that they advertise hot and ready pizza but I order and it's 6 min for them to make it how is that hot and ready
Friendly customer service. Hot and ready made pizzas togo. Affordable, convenient, to feed the family
I get the idea behind having pizzas ready to go and for $5 they are cheap but honestly just drop into local grocery store and get a frozen Red Barron for lower price and way more quality. Little Ceasars fresh and ready pizza tastes like the cardboard box it comes in. Sauce is bland, cheese is crap, crust is tough.  If u want pizza just pick up phone, place order and head over 10 minutes later to get real quality. Avoid what my friends refer to as prison pizza.
I REALLY wanted to LOVE this place but I really can't give it more than 3.5 stars, and that's being generous. The chicken was über tender but not very flavorful or crispy. I was excited to try the famed Cane sauce, but my eight year old described it best when she said: "it's like it wants to be In-N-Out spread, but it can't." Basically it's just a really sweet mayo based dip - I switched to my homemade sriracha mayo halfway through the meal. The coleslaw was my highlight and the lemonade was my husband's. Personally I think the lemonade was too sweet and lacking on the lemons - probably just needs a minor adjustment as it is supposedly fresh squeezed. The fries were crinkle cut, grade school style, and nothing special. In fact they were slightly soggy from their styrofoamed journey home. The Texas toast was tasty, but once again - just bland. It's just a thick piece of sweet white bread with sesame seeds (tastes almost like Hawaiian bread) that's been buttered and toasted - it was good but I wish my piece has been toasted on both sides. Overall, not terribly bad. I'm glad I tried it and I'll probably be back - but next time I'd opt to dine in just to see if there is a difference.
This place came very highly recommended from several people.  My husband works in the area and was anxiously awaiting it's grand opening.  He found out the history of the place and the owner, and so we decided it was a place we'd go.

We finally made it there yesterday.

The place was clean and the people were friendly.  

The menu is small, but I like that.  Too many options overwhelm me.  Hubby and I both ordered the meal that came with 4 chicken strips, fries, toast and coleslaw.  Our kids got the kids meal.  

We paid nearly $28. This is more than I had expected, and more than I'd care to pay in the future.  For fast food, this is outrageous.  

The chicken was good.  Not too flavorful, but the breading was perfect, not too much.  The fries were soggy and under done.  I could do better at home in my home fryer.  The toast was, well, toast.  Nothing special there.  And the coleslaw was same as store bought, I'd had better.  The "famed" Cane Sauce was ok.  It didn't blow my mind and it wasn't gross.  Ketchup was available, which was good since my kids thought the Cane sauce was "weird".  Ranch would have been more their taste.

We may go back if there is a location that pops up closer to where we live, and if we were kid-less for the meal.  It's too expensive otherwise.
I would describe Raising Cane's as the chicken version of In-N-Out because they only sell one thing and that's chicken strips.

The restaurant is decorated with Movie memorabilia. It's kind of odd considering it has nothing to do with the food but I liked it. The employees genuinely seem happy to be there and are extremely helpful.

My boyfriend and I both ordered the chicken finger sandwich with fries and a drink. The fries were great and I enjoyed my chicken sandwich. I don't know how to describe the taste of their house sauce but I like it a lot. I used it on my fries and my sandwich. 

I had a good experience here. I think they need to jazz up the menu with more sauces and offer additional side items. I'll be back when I have a random craving for tasty chicken fingers!
On the one hand, I don't think this place deserves the 2.5 star rating it currently holds but on the other, I can understand the disappointment..

We got the Box combo which is like 4 tenders, Texas toast, cole slaw, fries and drink.  I welcome this new kind of fast food restaurant in my neighborhood!  Its nice that you can get this kind of combo vs the traditional burger, fry, drink thing.  The prices are a tiny bit hefty - its just shy of Chipotle prices, I got this combo for roughly the price of a burrito.  

That said, the tenders were pretty good!  Not overly breaded, fried right and not too greasy.  Not a huge fan of the Cane sauce - its not terrible but very negligible.  However, I do believe if you run a restaurant selling pretty much nothing but chicken tenders, you HAVE to offer more of a variety of sauces.  McDonald's offers 2 things - nuggets and tenders which comprise of what, 10% of the menu?  And they have like 10 sauces!  Anyway, more sauce options please!

The toast and the fries were slightly less done than I prefer.  The coleslaw was ok - not too exciting.  The service was GREAT, staff are pretty friendly - of course there were only 4 customers..  The atmosphere is fun and modern - random posters and pictures on the walls.

All in all, I'd like to see more sauces and a deeper fryer bath but I probably will get some more.  :)
2.5 stars

The short: Open and clean setup with friendly staff, but it's basically just-ok carby kid food.

The long: On the south side of Thomas, just west of 44th St., turning left into the lot can be a bear during peak traffic, but it's otherwise fairly accessible for people driving in from the west or walking up, like I did. The inside is wide open and clean with plenty of chairs and tables that were just a little too cluttered around the restaurant floor plan. Otherwise, it doesn't stick out much from other fast food joints. I went during the middle of a somewhat busy lunch period, and who seemed to be the head cashier loudly greeted just about everyone who walked in the front door on the other side of the restaurant. My cashier was friendly and quick, though he seemed a tiny bit frazzled by the small rush. 

I ordered The Box combo and a lemonade to go and headed back to my office a short 5-minute walk away. I hoped the freshly squeeze lemonade would be awesome, even if they did charge only about a dime more than fountain drinks for a regular. Although I could taste the lemon, the drink was so sweet, it may as well have been from a mix or carton. The Box comes with a small container of sweet coleslaw dressed in a lot of mayo, a slab of soft-in-the-inside, perfectly browned-on-the-outside toast, somewhat slightly crisp, thin crinkle cut fries, a container of Cane sauce (which tastes like burger sauce), and, of course, four chicken strips. Unless you're me and you get only three chicken strips . . . or two smallish chicken strips and one big chicken strip that maybe they counted as two, but really, halfway through the meal, you're so carbed-out full that you don't miss anything aside from the extra dollar you paid for that extra chicken strip. The strips were fine. It was real chicken, and true to advertising, it was fresh. Sort of crispy, but not as crispy as I'd hoped, or even expected. Tender and moist enough to not be bad. But not special. All of it was pretty one-note. I can't even tell you what part of the meal I liked best . . . maybe the toast. Coincidentally, every time I took a bite of that toast, I'd think, "This is the most random slice of toast ever. What's it even doing here?" 

So, it's fine if you're like me and want to try every new eatery that opens near my home or office and appreciate the novelty of places like this, but personally, I won't be making a return visit.

Edit: I almost threw my drink cup away before I noticed the giveaway pull tab on it--I won a free slice os Texas toast! How do you like them apples? =)
My first trip here, very clean and I love the aluminum chairs! The food was hot and fresh and I love their special sauce too. TOAST!
First visit to a Raising Canes..Mixed review here.

On the good side--chicken was fresh, juicy, hot, and flavorful. Fries were fresh from the fryer..

On the not so good side--Fries were the "old school" crinkle cut, processed fries you used to get 20+ years ago..Texas toast served with the meal was lightly toasted on one side only, and was not the least bit warm. Sauce served with fingers was a very "different" flavor than the norm.. The cashier described it as a mix of ranch and honey mustard.. I didnt get any sweet or mustard out of it. More like a chilipowder ranch???
I would prefer a country gravy, a real honey mustard, or sweet and sour and/or bbq. 
But the worst part, IMHO, was the little cup of coleslaw.. Totally devoid of flavor. It was like they mixed cabbage with watery mayonnaise. 

My "box combo" was 4 smallish fingers, some fries, the little cup of coleslaw,and a small soda..It was $7.00 with tax. I would've been ok with the price if the slaw had been decent, the toast had been toasted and warm, and if they had better/more choices for sauce. But at this price, I was disappointed with what I got.
Maybe it's the 10 year old boy still in me but I LOVE chicken fingers! The thought of a restaurant dedicated solely to chicken fingers lead me to believe they MUST have perfected the art of amazing chicken fingers?

So I thought.

Went to the counter and was really surprised how small the menu is- it's tenders and a few sides, that's it!! Order the 3-tender basket which includes fries and some toast or bread. Asked for ranch STOP we only have our Cane Sauce. BUT I want ranch I exclaimed! We only have our Cane Sauce. and so on... Got my drink, by the time my drink was filled the guy from the counter was behind me with my basket in hand before I could even find a seat. 

Fingers - so the chicken fingers themselves were breaded, moist and tender, not greasy at all, however I felt they could be a little more crisp... They were much smaller than the ones in the picture at the store and web site.

Fries - I don't normally eat fries. Don't get me wrong I like fries, I just avoid the carbs so If they were really good I would have eaten them. These were SOGGY, old-school crinkle cut fries!! The place sells chicken fingers and fries. WHY NOT MAKE AMAZING HOMEMADE FRIES? Why not do what the belgians do - cut 'em fresh, fry 'em TWICE (two different temperatures) and make them amazing? These were SOGGY. I would rather eat fries from Wendy's or even McDonalds.

Decore - Very nicely laid out, modern looking store. They spent some money on the place, it's evident. 

BOTTOM LINE: If you are going to be a specialty store, you had better ROCK the few menu items you make. It'l be interesting if you are around in a few years.
My family and I went here last night because my daughter wanted "chicky" and we were driving down Thomas so decided to give it a try.  Definetly NOT a place we will be dying to come back to.  They don't have any options other than how many pieces you want.  There are no flavor options for the chicken, they just come in plain flavor.  The texas toast they served wasn't very toasty at all and the fries were cold and un-seasoned.  Service was fast & friendly - 1 star.  The chicken tasted pretty darn good - another star.
Not bad, the decor of the place is great; it looks clean, new and contemporary... I didn't really understand why there's a disco ball in the lobby but what the hell.

It's one of the best fast food chicken fingers intown, the meat was very tender. Fries are good, sause was great, cole slaw was good; however, it's been 30 minutes since my meal and my body feels like it's overdosing on cholesterol... 

I'll be back if I don't suddenly die right now.
I just moved here from Las Vegas and though Phoenix basically has everything anyone could ever want, they didn't have Rasing Canes and I ate at my location back in Vegas every week for like three months before I moved preping myself to be without it. Well go figure they open a location just three miles from my new apartment the month I move to Phoenix! I feel so warm and fuzzy inside!

I love this place because the chicken is always super fresh, the fries pair perfectly with it and the big texas toast with "The Box" is just right. The caniac sause goes with everything on the plate and I usually need extra! I'm not sure why people ar bitchin so much about this place though, it's basically the In N' Out for chicken, they serve one thing and they do it well. I can never get enough of this place and I highly recomend it to anyone! They always have the best, most fun and friendly service and I just love the pellet ice, I sware it makes the drink taste so much better. 

Try it for yourself  Phoenix, but try it with an open mind. Go inside, play along with the servers, enjoy the local flare hanging on the walls and read about the namesake dog Cane one and two. I love this place and I hope you can see why too!
Finally got around to checking out this place.  The building is new and modernized, placed on a large lot that was once a burger king.  While there is ample parking, it is located along a very busy stretch of Thomas road which makes it a bit of a challenge to get into.  My student-driver daughter ended up pulling practically around the block to get in here.  An experienced driver would still have difficulty.  Once inside, the dining-room is open and airy, with an industrial modern appearance.  Everything was clean and shiny.  We decided to order the "Caniac" ($8.69) so we could both share.  This meal comes with six crispy chicken tenders, two containers of "cane sauce", a small cup of cole slaw, Texas Toast, a huge heap of Crinkle-cut fries, and a large drink . 

 It took about 5 minutes to get our order, I guess because they make it fresh to order.  At least the chicken part - which was the best part of the meal.  While waiting, I wandered over to the drink bar which has the usual carbonated-sugar drinks and both sweetened and unsweetened tea.  I chose the unsweetened iced tea which was fresh, but weak, almost overpowered by the tap-water taste.  Three suggestions here - filter your water, brew your tea stronger and provide lemon slices/quarters to go with it.  Especially this time of year when you practically cannot give away lemons (at least in my neighborhood).  

Eventually, our food arrived, packed in your typical square , partitioned styro.  As I said the chicken was the best part of the meal, but that is relative.  the cole slaw was uninspiring, just like any cole slaw served at another well-known fast-food chicken place.  Not bad, but not different.  The Crinkle-cut fries could be so much better if they were fried fresh and crispy, instead, ours were cooked appropriately, not very salty at all,  yet limp , indicating they've been sitting around a while.  The cane sauce is their special recipe, but it too didn't elicit any feelings of "I gotta get me some of that".  The Texas Toast is something I wonder about.  To me it tasted stale, but that may have been simply the artifical sweetener in the bread recipe.  I think that it is somewhat superfluous to the meal, more or less just a filler.  If you are going to do something like this, you gotta make sure the bread has some flavor or crispness to compliment the dish or you are simply providing filler for the waste can.  Finally, the chicken.  It was juicy, tender and the pieces were large enough to be substantial.  The coating was crispy but lacked much discernable flavor, beyond the browned taste of coating.  I think it would have benefitted from a bit more seasoning, at least some salt.  Considering that this is fast food, it wasn't bad overall, but I'm not sure I'll be returning anytime soon.
I liked this place so much I went two days in a row... :)

The staff was definitely friendly both visits. Saturday morning it was a little slower, but that just meant that I got extra attention from the staff. 

The chicken was outstanding! And loved the Texas Toast that came with my order. 

Welcome addition to our neighborhood. (I'm pretty sure my hubby goes through their Drive-Thru often.)
I just recently moved to Arizona and was ecstatic when I found out that Raising Canes had just recently opened up here! I used to live in Louisiana where this place originated and I would eat there probably 3 times a week, I am addicted to it. I read some of the other reviews complaining about how there is no variety and in my opinion that is what makes this place so great. I love chicken tenders, and they make the best. If I want to eat chicken tenders I'm going to Cane's. I find that because they only make chicken fingers they actually make a better quality more consistent meal (don't forget that we are still talking about a fast food restaurant). The lemonade is my favorite amongst any other food chain and I can't get enough of their Texas toast and signature sauce.  

If you don't want chicken fingers don't go to Raising Cane's, if you are in the mood for some awesome Chicken fingers and lemonade then this is your place.
I went to Raising Canes for lunch.  Canes took over an old Burger King and spruced it up such it didn't look like an old Burger King.  That's a heck of a lot better than your basic 'berto's makeover.  

The menu is limited; chicken strips, fries, coleslaw and Texas toast.   I had the 4-strip chicken box.  The chicken strips were freshly cooked and better than average, although I wish they had a bit more spice in the marinade or the breading.  The fries were crinkle cut, and were delivered warm and crispy.  The coleslaw was ... meh.  The Cane dipping sauce did enhance the taste of the chicken strips.  Overall the food was as good as what I would expect at a Church's or a KFC.  What was better the the competition was the look and cleanliness of the restaurant.  That is what I see as reason to go to Canes.  The table did not have the greasy fell you can have at other deep fry palaces.

I'll likely be back, but not for the food.  I'll be back for the item of the meal I have not discussed; the soda fountain ice.  The ice is finely crushed, almost to a slushy texture, which makes it great for sipping and chewing.  So rare to find top notch crushed ice these days, you know.
Oh YUM.  Fantastic chicken strip shop!  Honey Mustard dressing is delish, Texas Toast is delish too!  The lemonade is wonderful!  Cane sauce just eh, fries are nothing new, cole slaw is bleh.  Who comes here for fries or cole slaw anyway, it's about the CHICKEN!  These strips surpass anything I've had before, they are wonderful.
Chicken fingers are such a basic concept, but the type of breading makes all the difference.  The fingers here are plump and juicy and the breading is actually light and crunchy, while I wouldn't call them my favorite chicken finger I have ever eaten, I would say they are my favorite fast food chicken finger.  They are much better than KFC or Jack in the Box, and there is something about the simplicity of the menu that I really like.  I love that they have crinkle fries, which in my opinion or the best fry you can get and the Cane's sauce is addictive!  It is cool, creamy with a punch of flavor, and I dip chicken and fries in it equally.  When I get "The Box" I always sub an extra sauce for the coleslaw, which I could care less about but it isn't bad.

The Texas toast is a somewhat odd addition, but no carb lover should turn their nose up at it!  Probably my most favorite thing at Raising Cane's is the lemonade...it is the BEST lemonade I have ever had, much better than Chic-Fil-A's which I sometimes think is sour.  Sometimes chicken strips just sound good, and Raising Cane's satisfies, so give it a try!
Surprised so many are quick to discount a place that you can get a full meal for $6. Yes your chicken wasn't handed to you by a hipster in a barn that was upgraded with modern lighting and a DJ playing, but for what you pay for, Canes is awesome. If you want fried chicken fingers these have to be some of the best. 

To clarify for some of the others, a burger king used to be here and they welcomingly bulldozed down that atrocity to burgers to the ground. And they do have modern lighting, and a disco ball for some reason, if that is what you're into.
I checked out this place from a billboard I saw on the freeway. I'm a sucker for chicken strips, so had to check them out.
When you walk in, it's a great industrial/ modern feel. They have pop culture posters & signs hanging everywhere.
The menu is pretty simple, chix strips, slaw, fries and garlic toast, the options range in the amt of chix strips you want. I went with what they call The Box, I chose the lemonade, it looked fresh and was delicious. I enjoyed the chix strips, they were not greasy and actually had a good amount of chicken. The fries were the ole fashioned Ore Ida kind from when I was a kid. The slaw was ok and the garlic toast was great. The dipping sauce was average, I thought it was lacking a kick. All in all I would frequent Raisin Cane's again.
Not in the running as far as being the best chicken fanger in town.  

Fairly decent serving sizes, but when you specialize in Fangers, your Fangers better be AWESOME !!

These can be "very good" when fresh out of the fryer, but they are not AWESOME !!

Coleslaw was completely pedestrian and bland.

(Rock-n-Roll Fingers in Tempe does a far better job at making and selling the kind of chicken fangers that Raising Cane's oughta strive for.)

I'm giving these guys one extra star because AWESOME fangers are hard to find in the fast food realm, and these are above average for sure.
Everything about this place is goood!! The food is perfect, not greasy. The spicey dipping sauce is flavorful & goes great with the chicken fingers & the fries... Plus the service was speedy, and the place is shiny and new! Loved it :-)
Plain Jane Cane's! 
I don't think I've ever had such a bland, uninteresting meal. The simple menu could do with something to compliment the otherwise good (not excellent) chicken strips. The signature sauce is simply gross. Yes I have mixed ketchup, mustard and mayo as well, but trying to dress it up with a sort of Mrs. Dash type seasoning, completely failed. Really? A couple of other dipping sauces are going to eat up the profits?
The Texas toast was a nice addition, but there ain't a place on planet earth that doesn't at least serve a 3-cent honey packet. Maybe the goal is to be as boring and middle-of-the road as possible. Having said that, the staff was great!
It was okay. I compare it to a place back home called Zaxby's. The girl suggested that I order the box so that i could taste all that they had. The tenders were normal tenders, the secret sauce helped them out. The coleslaw was not good. The fries were gross. The best part of the meal was the toast and lemonade.
Not bad, but not great.  Just standard chicken strips.  The service, however, was the best service I have had a a fast food establishment.  The staff was wonderful.  I would choose Cane's over another establishment because of the staff.
The chicken fingers are good and juicy but they're not the best I've ever tasted. I wasn't that impressed by the dipping sauce or the fries, but I loved the Texas toast.
Food is good, I am from the southern east coast and was looking for food I am used to having back home. I thought this would be like Zaxby's and I was right it sure is similar. 

Only downfall to here is that they only offer the Canes Sauce, which is a Cajun based sauce and I am not big on Cajun, they should add some more sauces and then it would be perfect!
Very glad Cane's made their way to Arizona...it was one thing I missed about living in Las Vegas! It's not close to home, but always worth the drive for fresh, hot and delicious food and great service. The staff is friendly, the restaurant is clean and it is cheap comfort food.
I never wanted to find myself on Thomas Rd. saying "I'd like 3 fingers", but that's how my night at Cane's began.... Over all, I can say my 3 finger experience wasn't as fulfilling as I'd hoped.

For being a place that "specializes" in chicken, I wasn't impressed. The special sauce was alright. They give you a piece of toast with your meal. Overall it just seemed greasy - not my style. I'd rather go get some chicken from Safeway.
I had been told how amazing the food was, so I think I was slightly disappointed. However, it WAS good, just not life changing...but the thing that set this place apart was the service! I felt like I was in a sit-down restaurant. The cashier was very nice and personable, came to check on us, and it was extremely clean and well-decorated. It did not feel like a fast food joint.
Uninspiring. Good location though, right down the street from the game stop where I took my son before coming here and surprise surprise half the people I saw at the game stop were here which allowed me to further cement my point. See, if all you do is eat crap and play video games all day you will end up like all the fat losers in this place. Menu was extremely limited. Better like canes sauce or ketchup because those are your choices. The Cole slaw was sloppy and smelled and tasted like it was made with elmers glue. The chicken was freshly cooked though....
Nothing crazy out of the ordinary here. You get some chicken strips that taste like any other chicken strip you can get anywhere (not worse nor better). The fries are crinkle fries, kind of like the ones you get at del taco (i like del taco's better actually). I liked the cajun dipping sauce that came with them it was almost like a cajun ranch, the bread was also really good. As first timers we asked the clerk about what she would recommend and she was amazingly nice. She was patient and helpful in our decision, she also had a big smile on the whole time. Just because I wasn't wowed by this establishment (i like chik-fil-a better), I probably won't be returning but if it's the only thing around I wouldn't discourage it.
omg nom nom nom !
Service was GREAT, texas toast is awsome...the chicken was good but lacked seasoning and the sauce is not very good. Quality and service is good, they just need a little better chicken. I hope they adjust it and it will be FANTASTIC!
"Lowering Cane's expectations" should be the name.

They have just set the bar low on food quality and taste.  No seasoning at all in the breading of the chicken fingers and the fries seem like they came straight from your grocer's freezer.

Must not have thought much of their dog if this is their tribute to him.  Just drove away disappointed.  Want my junk food to taste good if I'm going to splurge with this type of caloric intake.

Only positive was stellar Drive-Thru service and the place seemed pretty clean.

Don't waste your time.
I am not usually a fan of fast food, but I will give Raising Cane's a pretty solid score.  It is very clean inside and very attentative service.  A very limited menu offering but solid food.  The chicken is moist and succulent and the fries are the typical frozen fries.  You do have to wait a few minutes for your food though.  They are cooking it a la minute (to order).  I am pleased with these guys so I will go back!
This is for the new store in Tempe.  we have been eating at the Phx. store but very happy new the store in Tempe is open.  One of the employees in Nevada told us about the new store opening and it was great to see her her in TEMPE TRAINING THE NEW STAFF.   NATALIE from Vegas is just great.  The service is excellent and the food is consistent from store to store and very happy with that.  Management and staff at all locations come by on a regular basics and check if everything is ok or do we need anything.  Great Service for a fast food operation.  Keep up the good work, great food...
Caniac Club Member 6000405536375759
The food was fresh, the place was clean, a great place for lunch or a snack.
bland and overpriced.  For a place that specializes in strips, you'd think they would be better than KFC.....they are not.
Went back and chicken was better...still a little room for improvement but I did bump it up to 4 stars
Hot chix!!!! Living in the south for a quater of a century I must admit, I was a little bumed leaving some of that style food behind. Moving back home to the west is awesome and then....wooHoo! Bonus Big Score! Raisin Canes....A bit of the deep south, right'cheer N da desert!!!! If you've never eaten southern fried yard bird, check'EM out! The sauce is Bombdigity!
Ok if you are a little kid and like chicken nuggets. Nothing I would EVER return for. Blan
I give this place 5 stars all the way!!. We were out in Arizona this past summer and my boyfriend told me about this place and we got food there and I was blown away. It was incredible I love their bread, and the chicken. I kinda wish they have this place in San Diego.
very good chicken for a fast food place. juicy meat in the chicken fingers and it tastes awesome dipped in the Cane's dipping sauce. I like that you get big pieces of actual chicken. I did not like the coleslaw, but I'm not a fan of coleslaw in general. the sweet tea is great - not TOO sweet like at most places. the worst thing about my meal was the fries. they serve the crinkly cut fries like you used to get with your cafeteria meal in elementary school. no flavor at all to the fries. 

I'd definitely eat here again, but if given the choice between here and Chick-fil-a, I'd rather eat at Chick-fil-a because they use more flavor in the breading on their chicken and their waffle-cut fries are MUCH bettter than the fries here.
For a fast food place, this is 5 stars.  Excellent chicken fingers - juicy with a think breading.  Their Texas Toast is delicious too. Fries are average - but i am a sucker for a crinkle fry.   Service is always friendly and my order is right every time - which isn't always the case for fast food.  If you want delicious fast food this place is great.
Great fast food, chicken was fresh and all white meat, zero fat with a great breeding. Fries were adequate, and toast was awesome!  I hardly eat fast food but when I do this is on the list.
For specializing in chicken I felt it was lacking in flavor... There is no seasoning. Chicken was all white meat and very fresh but just like food you could make at home. They don't carry ranch for the chicken/fries only their famous canes sauce or honey mustard neither of which I like the taste of.. Reason for 3 stars was excellent customer service and very clean and well kept inside. ps my b-friend did like the canes sauce tho. Prob won't return... no real reason to.
Excellent.  The chicken fingers are the best i have had, anywhere.  Lightly battered, crispy, hot, delicious.  The staff is warm and inviting, and they came around to check on us mid-meal. Nowhere else fast-casual do you feel so welcome.  Delicious, clean, lovely.
Tried this place for the first time tonight, and was impressed with absolutely everything. Well-lit building in a decent location in the Arcadia area. I drove here from the Garfield neighborhood and it was well worth it. Juicy chicken and awesome cafeteria throwback crinkle fries, along with one of the best slices of toast I've ever had. All three of these foods were still crispy when I got home, which almost never happens with fast food. I wish I had gotten the girl's name who took care of me. She was cute as a button- very enthusiastic and happy to answer my questions. I'll be back here soon!
fresh chicken and the dipping sauce is awesome. sounds funny but they have the best ice for drinks
Again another hometown (LA) food that has come to the valley and we stop in whenever we get into town.  The chicken is great, the fries are crinkle cut and I love the bread on top!  But the best part is the "Sauce"!  The restaurant is clean, the food is good and I love the sauce!
I visited for the first time today.  The customer service was great.  The gal that took my order (I can't remember her name although she offered it) was very helpful explaining the menu.  The food was yummie and the service quick.  I like it!!
I love this place. It reminds me of Zaxby's from the South. Simple good food, dipped in tasty sauce. 

I always like getting the Big Box meal so I can have the coleslaw, but I find the coleslaw tastes too salty for my liking. It's the one thing that makes me a little sad, but it won't stop me from enjoying everything else.

Service today was great, every single employee seemed to have great customer service skills, which was refreshing for a fast food joint.
I am a bit of a chicke finger connoisseur. In my humble opinion this is the best chicken finger specific joint in the country. Chicken is fresh, breading isn't too substantial, sauces are homemade and fresh, garlic bread is great compliment,  and the krinkle cut fries are excellent. If i have one complaint it is they don't have BBQ sauce. Luckily the sauces they do have are outstanding. Any city my wife and I visit that has a Cane's it is a requirement that we visit!
Yup in n out of chicken
I took my first trip to Raising Cane's on Memorial Day! First the the young lady Kendall provided excellent customer service from a polite introduction to great service for all my needs. Second the quality of the food was great and was visibly hot and fresh. Overall I give my experience a 10/10 and recommend Raising Cane's not only for the great food but great service!
Yummy chicken fingers, great sauce and friendly service!

I really like this chain that has only recently entered the Valley. The restaurants are nice and clean, decorated in fun style with movie posters and other pop culture memorabilia on the wall. Each restaurant also seems to support its local high school sports teams and many of the workers likely come from those schools.

Service has been very friendly, you order and they bring the food to your table. Going through the drive-through is very quick as well.

As for the food, they keep the menu simple: chicken fingers, fries, and Texas toast. The breading on the chicken fingers is tasty and I really love the special dipping sauce they provide - not sure how to describe the flavor except that its really good.

Overall, Raising Cane's is a great addition to the Valley's fast food scene.
Delicious!  My son is addicted to the chicken and Texas toast.  The service is always very pleasant and the food is always fresh and hot.  Very rarely have I had much of a wait in the drive thru line.  Definitely a crowd pleaser with the high school students in the area!
Good chicken. I love their sauce!

Fast and friednly service too.
good food but my cashier was not very smart when it came to math she tried to charge me an extra .30  and for some strange reason the place had a smell of fried catfish
First time here and we were greeted by the very friendly staff! We got our food quickly even though it was busy. Amazing chicken, toast, fries, coleslaw and of course their special dipping sauce. I felt like I got a large amount of food for what I paid, but the quality didn't suffer whatsoever. The food is just awesome!!! Can't wait to come back!
I have an addiction to chicken fingers. I eat them at every chance I get. So my husband searched online and found Raising Cane's. To our great interest, we learned about this location. 
On a vacation last week to Sedona, AZ, we stopped here -- twice. First on the way to Sedona from the airport and again on the way home. 
The chicken was superb -- nice breading and not overly heavy so the emphasis was really on the chicken. I just got fingers. My hubby got a box meal with fries, Texas Toast and sauce, all of which was excellent, too. And quite filling! There was no need for more food after our initial order, unless it was to take it with us.. 
But what really stood out for me, was the staff. The young woman who took our order, Falicia, was as friendly as could be and highly competent, going out of her way to help us with directions to the Desert Botanical Garden, where we were headed after our meal. 
Now, consider how many customers she served in the week we spent in Sedona. When we returned yesterday, she was there again and when she saw us, the first thing she said was, "How was the garden?" For real? We're THAT important that you remember helping us? Clearly, Raising Cane's -- or this location, anyway -- puts a premium on customer service. I have a zero-tolerance policy for poor customer service, so you can imagine how THRILLED and impressed I was. It felt like this young woman was an old friend and what a warm feeling. 
Her colleague at the counter, Liz, was also adorable and delightful, joking around with us, while getting our order EXACTLY right. 
And while we were eating, the manager came around to each table stopping to talk with patrons to ensure that everything was copacetic. I just can't say enough good things about the service at this facility. 
Delicious food and outstanding service. A five-star rating on Yelp is a designation of, "As good as it gets" and this Raising Cane's restaurant richly deserves the designation. It's 1200+ miles away, but I look forward to returning.
Everyone is very nice in Raising Cane's.
Taste is really average, nothing even close to famous chicken finger.
The customer service is top notch especially for a fast food joint.

I ordered the 3 piece chicken finger meal and it was good. The chicken is fried but greasy at all, on the inside the chicken is very moist and and tender not dry and overcooled like most chicken finger/ tenders. 

The only downside the breading could use a little bit flavoring.

Overall the food was high quality and not to expensive, I would go back.
I have heard many positive things about this place so I finally had to go try it. I went with a coworker. I got the three finger combo. It came with three tenders, fries, Texas toast, and a drink. For the price, this is a great deal! The chicken and fries weren't greasy! That's really important. This location is sort of difficult to get to. There's plenty of seating and the girl that helped us was new, but very friendly. If I'm ever in the area again, I will be coming back.
I've always passed by this fast food restuarant everytime i went for fueling or heading out to walmart or frys. after seeing their commercials, i've decided to give them a try; and i have to say, their chicken fingers are delicious. Always fresh, crispy and tender. The Chicken Box combo was right-on. It had fresh chicken fingers, freshly toasted buttered bread, cole slaw and fries. This is my second time coming here in a week but i will try to limit my visits to once/month (i'll try :( .... )
Best chicken fingers I've had! Love the sauce, bread, and fries. The lemonade is really good too. I think this place is way better than chick film a! Plus it's open late if you get those late night cravings!
Great tasting chicken and the southern bread is wonderful. Canes sauce is a must must must. 
Don't see any dessert on the menu,  only downer .. But open until midnight ! Great for late night cravings .. Great value for the amount of food per meal.
Love, love, love! Great food and good people working there. I do have a suggestion for them though. My dad loves your chicken but instead of just fries, coleslaw, and texas toast, he'd like to see more of a variety of sides. He'd also like to see different pieces of chicken and not just chicken fingers. I am happy with it the way it is, but you should probably increase the menu for others.
I was surprised by this place.  When I first seen it, I was thinking it was just another fast food joint. When I had gone in side. I was like, "whit is this, it just have chicken fingers? What gives." Then I ordered and, Wow." The food was great. And I can see why specialising in one foid type, really makes a difference. Service was good, inside was clean and well decorated.  Though the price is a bit high.
I LOVE this place and can't get enough of it! From their chicken strips to their Texas Toast, to their amazing coleslaw, it's ALL good! Only drawback is it's a little more expensive price-wise for my liking but hey, it's an indulgence, or a treat, when I have it. Love their food, the ambience, and the friendly staff. Once when they forgot something to put my order they just moved me on back through the line so I could get my remaining parts to my order and get me off and running. 

If you're looking for a new chicken place, give Raising Cane's a shot.
Good food but nothing too special.  The sauce is pretty delish.  I have to say the customer service is def outstanding.  I would eat there again but it isn't something that I would be dying to eat.
I've eaten here twice and both times I've been pleasantly surprised by how *good* it is. I'm not normally a fan of fast food, but their chicken tastes and looks like real chicken, as opposed to some other fast food restaurants. The chicken strips, fries, and Texas toast are all very yummy. 

Their staff is also very friendly and fun. The last time we drove through, one of the staff members was changing the trash bag in a trash can in our sight. She waved at us with a big smile on her face and did a funny little dance, which brought a smile to my face!
I really like this place because it has a lot of potential. One of the tweaks I would make is to get a decent honey mustard dipping sauce. Also, I thought calling out people's name in the restaurant with their food order was annoying. I guess I find that annoying because I was trying to get some reading in during the lunch break. I did like their ketchup dispenser. No more worrying about ketchup splattering on your shirt. Next time I'll have to take a picture of it.

This was my first time in a Raising Cane so I decided to order the Caniac which consists of 6 chicken strips plus a bunch of crinkle fries and a soda for about $8 dollars. I thought you get a lot for your money. I enjoyed the chicken strips but they would have tasted much better with the honey mustard sauce.
Very tasty place for a quick lunch that's hot and fresh.  They really only serve one main entree; chicken fingers.  They do that really well though.  They are tender, juicy, and the coating is light and crunchy.  The drive-through is efficient even when there's a long line.
Not much to talk about....great place....good food.....im not much into canes.....but the wifey loves it....nuff said.
Pretty good chicken fingers, good service. Hurray.
Chicken Fingers Don't Get Any Better Then This.


 If you are a Chicken Finger  lover, like my nephew I encourage you to give Raising Canes a try. These Fried Chicken Fingers take a back seat to no one. Raising Canes boneless Chicken Strips and dipping sauce are hard to beat. 


Raising Canes never-frozen chicken tenderloins are fryed-to-order and accompanied by the best dipping sauce known to man.  The meat stays juicy, none of the dryness problems that plague lesser variations of fried chicken strips. The Chicken Strip combo box is served with crinkle cut fries, Texas toast, and a side of coleslaw.  You have to try the fresh squeezed lemonade, it's the best.


Raising Canes has quick service and friendly staff, so if your in the mood for chicken fingers, head on over.
Had lunch here Saturday and was up all night with food poisoning. Thought I was going to die. Will not be eating here again the rest of my life. Can I guarantee that I got if from here no. But 8 hours after lunch I was dancing around the bathroom. Worst pain I have had in years. Just check to make sure your chicken in done that all I have to say.
Love this place! They have the most flavorful and juicy tenders anywhere! 

They are also a very charitable organization and that is something I respect!
I had a late night craving for chicken and searched for a restaurant.  This was my first time at this diner. Both the parking lot and restaurant's interior were very clean.  I didn't check out the bathrooms. I was disappointed that this place only sells chicken fingers, very few sides and NO desserts.  .  what few choices were left, were also pricey.  I ordered the sandwich for my daughter and 3 chicken finger combo for myself.  While the chicken tasted like "real" chicken, it lacked the seasoning I'm used to and had more breading than meat for me.  The cole slaw was kinda off, but the fries were on da money.  

Nevertheless, I won't be eating here again, as I was looking for chicken pieces not tenders.
Where do you go when Buffalo Wild Wings closes down, I don't know. Therefore, I thought I would try Hooters. Ewww, the food was awful; it taste like WingStop. If you're not familiar with that place it's gross and so is this Hooters. The food was nasty hardly any sauce on the wings. Come on, who picks up a buffalo wing and does not need to lick or wipe their fingers after eating it??? 

I tried to use the online ordering system, but it was down. I just don't care to deal with HUMANS.. too many mistakes when dealing with another person. Of course the chick(en) head got my order wrong...

Anyways, if u want your food ordered wrong and very limited sauce on your wings go this place.

2 stars because, I have to admit the bar was shinny and they did have a variety of entertainment on the televisions.
I'm going to go with three stars instead of four for this location because nothing stands out.  The waitresses are nice enough, but sometimes they don't come around as often as they should.  I've been to a lot of Hooters over the years, and I know the difference between good and great.  They are just good.  The layout is pretty nice and the food is also good but not great.  This location is extremely family friendly, as I brought my girlfriend and her kids to eat there.  One of her kids who NEVER eats anywhere absolutely LOVES the hotdog.  So much so that she asks to go eat there everytime I am in town.  Although I only went with three stars, I'll gladly be a regular.
I seen some negative reviews on here but went anyways. First off its a HOOTERS ! I had the naked 3 mile island wings grilled. They were good just as good as my favorite buffalo wild wings. We also had the lots o tots which were good also. The beer is ice cold, what more do you want? Can i tell you about the view? shoooweee.  If you like brunettes, pff say no more.
Went back again, music was just right not too loud. Great place had the cajun wings naked and grilled. Pretty damn good ! The beer is always cold here and the VIEW is awesomerrrr.
We did not have a great experience here with our service, but the manager did get involved and we were more than satisfied with the resolution of our issues. When we finally received our food it was good and we were happy with it. 

This was basically what you expect from a Hooters, nothing too classy, but we drank beer and raised a little noise.
I used to frequent this location several times a week for lunch, but I will never go back here again. The service is beyond bad and the when I spoke to the manager he walked away from me while I was talking. My recommendation is spend your money anywhere else.
Just waited 22 min for service and nothing.. We got set and literally sat there .. Waiting and waiting and waiting .. It wasn't even busy.. Incompetent staff, and terrible service.. From a previous hooters girl, I'm completely disappointed and will never come back. We walked out.
6:30 we stopped in with a buddy who lives out of town.  We were told it would be a 30 minute wait to be seated. Ok. While we were standing I counted 4 tables free to the right, and 7 tables to the left. The tables were left dirty and were not bused. So this has me very confused because 11 tables were available but they weren't bused.

I told the hostess that the 30 minute wait is bullshit because from where I'm standing, I counted off the tables available.

She acknowledged the free tables, but gave the excuse the kitchen is backed up.  That's not my problem, wouldn't it be nice to allow us to sit and have drinks for a while? The light clicked on and she agreed to sit us.

Our waitress was very nice and apologized ahead of time for delays from the kitchen. We ordered appetizers, and beer. The appetizer came out really fast. We ordered our meals shortly after going through the appetizer.

I ordered the Cobb Salad and chili. Chili came out with the rest of my tables food, but the salad did not make it. She said she was heading back to grab the salad. 1 bowl of chili later I was told that the kitchen ran out of mixed greens, but someone had ran out to grab mixed greens from somewhere. She did bring some fries to the table to hold me over, thank you I liked that.  By the time the salad arrived my party was ready to leave.

I can't remember our waitress' name but she made a bad situation better by keeping me in the loop, and hooking me up with some fries. The blame lies directly with the manager of this restaurant. He should be demoted and forced to rinse mixed greens for the next ten years.  Asinine having people wait when there are available seats to be filled.   Instead we were left to stand by the door staring at empty seats like a bunch of gibonni's.

Before we even pulled up my Girl Friend told us that she's been to this Hooters 3 times before and each time was a train wreck of an experience. She was dead on the money this place is a circus.  For me I'm walking away from Hooters for good. I'm sure a chimp could run this store better then the current manager. Noob!
Meet up with some friends here, and I waited 20 minutes and not one waitress came to our table. One of my friends had to go ask the hostess where out waitress was before she came by. I didn't order anything because I didn't feel like waiting another 30 minutes for a beer. This was the first and last time I come here.
Great for the games and a draft beer. But other than their wings and onion rings, nothing else is worth spending your $$ on. Besides, their prices are a bit on the high end for dry and tasteless food. 

As I said before, I go for the games and draft beer. Rarely do I order anything aside from wings... If you go, don't expect good food.
So here is the deal. We fined here last night. When seated we were told that it was happy hour and went through the drink specials. Ok. We were trying to kill time and had a gift card sho why not? Hooters.always seems to give us amnesia. We always think hmmm. Hooters sounds awesome let's go, since we forgot just how bad it was last time. So this time I can at least say we had prompt service... which as you know is impossible unless you look like the type of a twenty to thirty something male who is a sucker for Orange booty shorts. Either way, it was quick.... almost suspiciously so for Hooters. We were killing time as I said so we started with the lots o tots. Crappy and oddly delicious as usual. Then we ordered a twenty piece boneless wings. Umm heres the deal.... what came out again suspiciously fast was not anything that resembled chicken. What we consumed actually treated nothing of poultry or even greasy saucy battered crispness. Nay, what we.managed to consume was cold, stale, probably reheated several times, broke my tooth, was hacked into tiny pieces, and literally splintered in your mouth. It cut the roof of my.mouth to hell. This is quite literally one of the worst meals I've ever had ... ever. (And if you knew my.father in laws cooking that says a lot). We actually left instead of continuing to order more food (we didn't even use up the gift card balance) on the way out we noticed that there was a sign for all you can eat wings. This irked me for two reasons 1. If I would have known that prior to actually tasting my did, I would have ordered it. 2. That was probably the reason or did was so awful. They probably.Just.make pieces hacked up.and let than sit until used. 

So the next time you have Hooters amnesia, make sure it's not on a wednesday for all you can eat wood chips.
ordered by phone. the customer service rep was very knowledgeable and helpful. as for the food, well, dominos has always been my favorite. im glad they're now in my area.
Received a very burnt pizza on top and bottom. The pizza was inedible. When I called to complain, the employee told me that is how Domino's makes their pizzas. I guess it's back to Pizza Hut and Papa John's for my family and I. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Hopefully I can save you your $20, cause I know I won't get mine back.
Have given this place several tries, every single time we order we either get the wrong order or our pizza is completely burnt. Tried them again tonight, once again the pizza was burnt, the sandwich that we ordered was burnt, the sandwich was try overcooked Philly cheesesteak. Will never order from them again worst Domino's EVER!!!
Always on time always good!!! I order from here at least once a week!!! I've never got a bad pizza!! Keep up the good work;)
omg i order a pizza ,wings and the bread bites at 5:50 and didn't receive my order til 730, when i tried to call them they wont pick up there phone,and when i went in there the manger had such a nasty attitude. I feel bad for the drivers,they lose tip because of this manger. Never again will i order from them if this manger is working . By the way her name is Latoya so dont order from her ,it doesn't matter she doesn't answer the phone to get orders.
Fast, Friendly and always HOT! Love the speedy delivery and great pizza. Always arrives ahead of the promised time and kids like to watch the online tracker to know when the pizza is on its way.
Yuck - I was at the grocery store when I decided I would order Dominos for dinner. Since I ordered it there I decided to wait for it and what a mistake! The employees were running around like chicken with their heads cut off and more importantly - they were not washing their hands! Employees were using hand sanitizer in place of washing their hands after handling money or phone orders. This to me is a big no no and the health department needs to pay this place a visit so they are reminded the rules of food safety!
Fast and Hot! Love the lunch time special and the online ordering ability.
Never again. And I was a good customer. I ordered one called complained got another even more greasy. Quick service but bad product or cook
Hooters is always good.  At least I haven't ever had a bad time.
Good service, good wings. Good full bar with daiquiris from fat Tuesdays. Only curley fries I enjoy. Added addtl wing sauce flavors.
My friends and I really, really enjoy this Hooters. The food is always fresh and crisp. The manager and all the girls that work here are so nice, friendly and attentive. By far my favorite Hooters.
Had boneless wings mild buffalo sauce. 
It was good except I could not taste the sauce at all. 
The music was to loud for my taste, and with the bare floors it had an echo to it.
As far as hooters go its pretty good. One of my guilty pleasures, and one that i rarely allow myself to indulge in is wings, (I worked hard to lose weight yaknow! So I enjoy my vices in moderation)
The flavor was as good as other locations, the service was steller, everything was just fine, just trashy enough to be a Hooters, but not so overboard as to make me uncomfortable. 
But the wings, one proud, juicy and huge, were now average sized, and they seemed to skimp on the sauce in order to sell containers of additional sauce on the side. , and not just the blue cheese, i mean the flavoring.... all in all, it was good quality, but cutting corners like this while still charging premium prices makes me wonder how long this location will remain open. 
Is this what happened to Superstition Springs?
5 Stars, I can't say they have the best food in town or any good food.  Some people rave about their wings....really...seriously!?  Anyways.....

However, this location does get 5 stars for one reason -- Service!  They were very gracious in accommodating my large party.  Especially, on a free UFC fight night like they have!  Yes, free UFC here!  They went above and beyond what they had to do and they my friends; that's an A+ regardless of their food -- I'll eat your wings because you're awesome!  The place wasn't packed and I was sitting alone at my table.  I told the manager my group is coming I swear, but when he told me it doesn't matter as long as I'm happy -- you damn right I'm happy; hit me with another pint!  Their staff overall was very friendly and accommodating, but maybe it's for better tips.  In the end, it didn't matter thanks for the smile and great service!

The girls here are pretty sexy, but I must say I think overall Hooters need to change up their outfit.  I dig the signature white tee, orange daisy dukes, and ankle high socks, but I didn't grow up in the 70's!  Need to revamp the outfit and menu I think, but hey with service and free UFC fights -- I'll keep coming back! - Enjoy!
How does anyone say that Hooters doesn't have the best wings? If those same wings were served in a mom and pop pub in Arcadia or Midtown, there would be 150 reviews with 4-5 stars. But because it's Hooters, food snobs will reach to find fault with them.

The service is outstanding. I've brought my rowdy 3 year old here and they are always gracious and patient. Let's talk about their service. A lot of restaurants in the Valley could learn a lesson or two about service from this Hooters. The waitresses check up on you constantly making certain your drinks are refilled, dirty plates are removed, and making certain you are happy with the food. And unlike many Hooters, the waitresses don't have attitude here. They are not wannabe models or actresses. They are nice looking friendly hardworking girls who do a great job. There is no attitude or pretense here and this is precisely why I will drive to this location rather than their Scottsdale or Phoenix location. The food is always served hot and crisp which isn't always the case at every Hooters. I don't give 5 stars very ofte
If I could rate it any lower I would!  My wife and myself went in and were seated after checking our menus we waited for our server and waited and waited. I tried to get one of the wait staff and watched two other groups get seated and then get their drink orders. After 10 min we just got up and left..we walked by the hostess and she just watched us go.  Never again will we go to this hooters
Wound up at Hooters on a Monday night, it wasn't the place we were originally headed for but that's where we stopped. It was about 8:30pm and the place was semi empty, more waitresses than people but everyone was friendly.

My date and I were seated pretty quickly, we had pick of the place, our server was Lexxi, who was great at making sure we had what we needed at all times.

I ordered the Western BBQ Burger, it had bacon, cheddar cheese, onion rings and bbq sauce on it, this was a huge beefy burger and it was cooked perfectly. The curly fries are fun, though they are not my favorite pick of fries. I also had a crazy sweet tooth and ordered the chocolate mousse cake, it was perfectly sweet! Layers of cake & chocolate mousse where the perfect blend and cured my sweet tooth for sure!   I did order a Hurricane and have to say to me it seemed to be missing something, like the booze part haha, but it tasted good.  Over all food was good, had a good time down at Hooters.
Staff was friendly and attentive. I ordered the oysters which where pretty good. My fried tasted crispy but my sliders were overcooked as where my friends chicken he ordered. It was absurdly loud with all the men cheering and shouting each time some character ran to the other side of the field on their TV show. It's really hot here in Phoenix so apparently the uniform here is very heat driven. Had an ok time but they should turn down the TV or just turn it off. It makes the other customers go crazy.
Not a fan of this particular location. Every time I've been here the food isn't as good and I've spent way more money than the Tempe location.
That's right we're not tipping you, maybe if you had some posture, and weren't sitting on your ass when we came to the door, and maybe if you season your shrimp, and maybe if you didn't charge us double, and maybe if you were more interested in service rather than selling alcohol, and I've seen more menu items in the restroom is in-n-out burger. So why don't you write the zeros on the top line.
Megan took care of us today and as soon she left out table, my roommate and I looked at each other and said "She is so good and so nice." She was genuine and attentive. It turns out it was her first day by herself on the floor. Yes she made a couple of errors that affected our order, BUT!...she graciously handled it and the manager, Brian, made everything right. I was so concerned that Megan's mistake would be frowned upon (because we LOVED her) but Brian assured us that she was a respected employee. 

Bottom line: Brian (manager) and Megan (waitress) took care of us the way all patrons should be taken care of. I want to thank them for making good decisions when approached with concerns. :) Very professional and courteous. :)
Wings are wings nothing special, but sports, attractive woman, and cold beer makes this a spot I gladly would return to.
First time visiting this location- my husband and i were able to be seated right away on a Friday night (granted it was 8pm) but I hate waiting! I thought the fried pickles were pretty tiny and wish that they were a little bit thicker (so it didn't just taste like breading). Chicken was typical Hooters chicken -nothing special for the price. The one thing that I will say was great is that they do have every NHL playoff game there.
Hooters is one of those places you're always guaranteed to have a great time at. Between the environment, food, and fabulous Hooters girls I know I can always count on a good time when I go here. I've been to many Hooters in different states and countries and the staff at the Mesa Hooters are fun, knowledgable, and great girls. I recommend bringing all your friends and family here for an experience you won't be disappointed with.
This was my first time at Hooter's and only went because of the location.  It's close to the mall in Mesa.  I was really surprised how great our experience was thanks to our waitress Megan.  She was so nice, funny and attentive.  It's those small things like shaking the ketchup bottle for you, placing a paper towel on your lap, never asking for a water refill, etc.  I would have given it 5 stars, but the hostess was too busy flirting with a table of cute college boys to notice us.  The kitchen was also slow, but it was good.
if the waitresses and bartenders were female and hot would have been better
I was told not to review chain restaurants, but this one needs better ratings. 

This place is bomb.  0.45 cent Tuesdays are probably the best.  The pitchers of beers are cheap ($8-14 for domestics).  The wings are the best.  So far I've only had a few on the less spicy scale, but for sure will revisit to kick it up a notch. 

One complaint is that sometimes they charge you for ranch and celery, and sometimes they don't charge.  The wings are consistently good though!
I was there for their wing Tuesdays, which is basically wings at a cheaper price.  Except that you don't get the ranch and celery for free.  They're extra charge on wing Tuesdays.  I ordered 12 wings, 6 in their spicy garlic sauce, and 6 in their mango habanero sauce.  

The mango habanero sauce was too sweet for my liking and not nearly as spicy as its position on the chart would indicate, nor as the waitress had suggested.  I like my food SPICY, and this wasn't spicy at all.  Overall, I didn't enjoy the wings very much.  I like my wings a little bit more cooked and for the skins to have a bit more crisp to them.  These were flabby, fatty skin.  

Their fries however, were really good.  I had the regular and the potato wedges and they were fried just right and flavored/salted just to my liking.  When I was in the one in Columbus, Ohio, I ordered their pork sandwich which I enjoyed.
The wings are ok-- better than the miserable offerings at Quaker Steak and Lube.  My gripe is the service.  No matter how simple my order is I never get in and out in under twenty minutes.  I just don't get it-- you sell wings, so why does it seem like someone has to go kill a chicken and look up the recipe to get me some?
Management here SUCKS! They would take a to-go order by phone claiming they're too busy. Taking a look around they're not busy at all.
BW3s* is pretty much what you'd expect: run of the mill food and lots of TVs. I've been here several times, always to 'watch the game'. Their boneless wings are alright - not bad, but nothing special. Their other food is meh - the nachos aren't worth trying again, and the grilled chicken sandwich would have been better with less char and more sauce (isn't the sauce the pride of a wings place?). The draw of Buffalo Wild Wings is its central location and sharing-friendly finger food. 

The best thing I've come across at BW3s is their recent Packer game raffles. For every Miller product you buy, you get a raffle ticket. There's a list of plays and their corresponding prizes - a free beer for every first down, 50 wings for a field goal, etc. The game last Sunday was extremely low-scoring and pretty boring, but they still called 10+ names in the second half. If you're going to be at BW3s anyway, it's not a bad addition to the game.

*Everyone always asks why it's called BW3s when there are only two Ws. I looked up the answer. When it was founded, it was called Buffalo Wild WIngs & Weck (aka beef on weck, aka steak on a kummelweck roll). Now you know.
If you're from a different area, and you don't get broadcasts of your home football team playing; this is the place for you. They have numerous TVs devoted to each and every game, and seats you based on which team you would like to see. 

The food here's also decent, with okish wings and delicious nachos. They also have a decent variety of beer on tap, with pretty cheap prices. 

If it's a Sunday and you don't have much to do, drop by and watch your favorite team kick ass.
The new "bdubs" location is far superior to their previous location on State St. What they lost in a "homey" feel, they've gained in a much better sports environment. 

I'm about 99% sure that their commercials describing their ability to extend games is false, but 100% sure that it makes no difference. 

Bdubs is becoming an American Classic, and this location only helps the national brand.
Wings! Always good and usually pretty quick never had a problem.
Wings are amazing!!!  Sauces are what make B-dubs the place to get quality, flavorful wings!  Generally good service, occasionally a little slow on thursday nights, but expected for boneless thursdays. Good atmosphere and of course, the best tasting wings compared to local competitors (i.e. quaker steak and lube, wing stop etc.)
A cheap pig out location! Tuesdays 60cents traditional or boneless wings is what I usually go for, with a bunch of friends. Large spacious, much better than the old state street location. However, too many flashing screens and its loud.. 

Definitely reminds me of being a college kid again, but who doesn't like having cheap food from time to time? If you head there before 7pm, there are drinks and appetizers special.

Good items to go for - (for mild spicy eaters) 
Parmesan and garlic (mild spicy)
Salt and Vinegar
Honey BBQ
Mango Habanero (kinda spicy)

Always get the buffalo chips with cheese. OMG so good.... junkie. 

If you wanna feel less greasy, get the veggie plate. It's for your good -.-

AND, ask for drinks specials - you might get really good deals!

They also really helpful with splitting checks!

Hooray for undergrad cheap places!
It took over 45 minutes for our food and it sucked. hahahaha
This would be a great place to watch a game. The food is kinda overpriced...but decently good. The traditional wings are my favorite, Asian Zing and Medium with a side of Ranch! 

If you're going to order an appetizer, stick with the fried pickles. They're the only thing that's marginally different from something you could get pretty much anywhere else.
I have never been so upset and turned off at a restaraunt before.  Went out for a night with my friends and it took over an hour to get out food! The waitress NEVER bothered to let us know or offer us a drink on the house...something. After all that wait I get my popcorn shrimp only to find the most pathetic looking shrimp that were not deceived.  I was so disgusted. 

Never going back to this Madison location.
I am a student at UW Madison and I am used to not eating the highest quality of food, but this was a new low for Buffalo Wild Wings. 

My friend and I stopped in for some lunch in between classes expecting to get in and out in about an hour or so. First of all the restaurant was not as busy as it usually is, so we thought that we would get seated immediately, but this was not the case.... It took a half an hour of wait staff looking at us and walking past to finally get noticed and seated. 

After about ten very long minutes our waitress came over and sighed some unenthused greeting out of her mouth before asking if we wanted anything to drink. Due to the fact that we'd already spent about 40 minutes there we ordered our drinks along with our food right away. She scribbled it down and walked away, but instead of walking to the back with our order she went over to a table of men (probably in their 20's) and leaned over the table and flirted up a storm for about 15 minutes. We watched her in ABSOLUTE shock, because we couldn't believe the blatant neglect for her duties. 

After she delivered our order to the cooking staff we waited another 30 minutes or so to get food, and SHOCKER the food was poorly put together and just completely incorrect. I ordered the Buffalo Ranch Chicken Wrap and there was no buffalo sauce on it at all, and the fries...SOGGY... We never even got our drinks. Obviously we wanted to let someone know that our order was not to our satisfaction and that we had no drinks, but our waitress was occupied with the table of men to our left. 

We eventually flagged her down and were so annoyed (and late for class) at this point that we just asked for the check. Her response was an eye roll and a 'Yeah'... We waited as again she went and checked in with the table of men before getting us our check. We reluctantly paid and left. Obviously no tip for her. 

This was an absolutely appalling experience at a restaurant that I'm usually very fond of. Haven't been back yet.
Super cheap wing Tuesdays and Thursdays. I had always preferred traditional wings (Tuesday) over boneless wings (Thursday). Personally the boneless wings somehow do not feel like I'm having wings. Despite being easier to eat, I would like my wings experience to be messy, but that is just me =)

I have tried a huge variety from the non spicy Sweet BBQ  to the extremely spicy Wild. 
Some favorites are Parmesan and Garlic, Honey BBQ, Asian Zing and Mango Habanero.

The Wing Tuesdays is the only reason for showing up. It's a great way to get cheap food.
Great place to watch a game. I've been here several times when I'm back in town (lived here for 6 years) and never been disappointed. Tons of TV, great service and happy hour specials until 7pm during the week.

66 cent boneless wings on thursday. Worth it even though I live traditional better. I think that's Tuesday nights.
Located in the Greenland Foodcourt.

Ordered the "2 for $22" - 2 orders of 12 pieces of fried chicken for $22.  4 flavors available - we choose the Fried chicken and another one with mild sauce.  Pieces were all legs and thighs, and it took 15 minutes as expected.

Fried chicken was done very well - nice crunchy skin and juicy chicken.  Mild sauce was decent; just a sticky mess to eat with hands.  

Chicken came with house salad that has a sauce that includes siracha and a bowl of those white radish blocks.  Had a taste of each then focused on the fried chicken.  

The guy working there was extremely nice and offered us a free sample of the pizza they serve - I think it was sausage and sweet potato with cheese in the crust.  It was actually excellent and I'd strongly consider ordering the pizza next time.
I think I set my expectations too high...this is an attempt at replicating the chicken from Bonchon and UFC korean fried chicken of LA/New York...but falls short.  I'll start with the positive notes, the sweet garlic sauce has a hint of heat and is flavorful.  Whether this "Love Letter's special nutritional sweet and mild sauce" really uses 20 different vegetables as ingredients is suspect, but I'll believe it just so I can rationalize this fried chicken is somewhat healthy.  The skin is extremely crunchy on the outside, but different than the flaky crunchy texture of Southern fried chicken skin.  Another note, the menu prices listed in the photos on the yelp page have changed...it's $2 CHEAPER for half/full orders.  The negative side of this eating experience comes in that the only piece of chicken in my half order that was not dry was the drumstick, all the other pieces seemed to be white meat chunks (ie a chicken breast cut into 3 pieces) and were EXTREMELY dry.  Don't come here expecting Popeye's or KFC sized chicken pieces.  Perhaps I am too accustomed to American sized portions and steroid laced chickens...but the 6 pieces of chicken in the half order is probably equal to about a 3 piece meal at an American establishment.  With that said...because I am a fried chicken fiend....I will probably visit this place again in a month in hopes that my experience was a fluke and that the chicken will be flavorful, crunchy, and....hopefully moist!  Oh and for those wanting a comparison to the fried chicken at Bazic...Bazic wins based on the juiciness of the chicken and the crunchiness of the skin....but I will say the flavor options are more varied at K Jun.
I'm giving this place 5-stars mainly because of how good customer service was.

I gotta say that the free pickled radishes were extremely good! They were fresh, sweet, and crunchy. I never had those things before. 

The Korean Pizza was probably the best thing on the menu. It had sweet potatoes and Korean BBQ beef on it. The beef they got on the pizza is way better than 90% of the Korean restaurants in town. 

Personally, I like the plain chicken over the one with the sauce. 

The portions were pretty big, and they hand batter and fry your chicken the moment you order it. 

This is a pure fusion style restaurant. They also give Tapatio with your chicken and pizza.   Lon L's review was 100% accurate about how the chicken wasn't your traditional Korean fried chicken.   Most Korean fried chickens are very similar to a American southern fried chicken, but with a hint of sesame oil and soy sauce. Traditional Korean fried chicken is prepared by battering the whole chicken without cutting the pieces apart, unlike in America where they batter the individual pieces. Then the whole chicken is flash fried in a pit of boiling oil. After only a couple of seconds they hand you the whole f*cking chicken still in one piece!

When I was a little kid in California, I used to eat at this Korean fried chicken place that would actually deep fry the chicken in a combination of Vegetable and  Sesame oil. It was really good.  The chicken here at K-Juns tastes more similar to Tang Su Yuk(spelling). It's covered in a very sticky sweet-sour-spicy sauce. The good news for me is that I really like Tang Su Yuk, so ended up finding the chicken to be enjoyable. 

Originally, I did not want to come here but, my Mom kept insisting on eating here when she came to town recently. My mom went weird a little over a decade ago. She started acting very oddly and her speech pattern became pretty disturbed and strange. While I was driving to Greenland market with her, we had two conversations. The first one was about "starbucks coffee sent me a free drink coupon". And the 2nd conversation was about how: "A friend of mine who is Hawaiian said that K-Jun chicken was bad, so I don't want to eat there". But, my Mom insisted that she wanted to try it. When we finally got there, she went up to the counter, and incoherently told the worker: "Starbucks Chicken is bad Hawaiian food". Now, everywhere my mom goes this happens.   And, everywhere we go people lose there patience with how nutty she is. Workers everywhere can't stand her and get really rude to her.  But, that didn't happen here at K Jun Chicken. The worker was very understanding and sensitive. He never got irritated, never laughed at her, or lost his patience. And he helped my Mom order exactly what she was looking for. It was very nice of him, and I appreciate his kindness. The respectful personality that this worker possesses is exactly what I would expect from a true East Asian person. There used to be a time when Asian-Americans had integrity and honor. We used to respect our elders and not make fun of the disabled. Nowadays a lot of Asian guys here in America(especially the ones around my age) talk all girly and act all snotty, passive-aggressive, and rude to each other. It's literally impossible  to get a long with them.  And a lot of Asian girls are like self-hating(especially at college campuses) and always rant about how they wish they were white and how "the White man is the superior human being". Like for example: I had a nightmare situation at a Korean owned sushi place in California where the self-hating Asian girl who was working there immediately let me know that she hated me for being Asian, male, and alive. She didn't even ask me about how many people where in my party, instead she just comes up to me and says all that. Then she kept coming back over and showing me pictures of her white boyfriend on her Iphone, and then started making remarks about how "Asian guys are ugly and all look alike". And at the end she made a comment about how Asian men "oppress women" and how "it's not in the white man's nature to treat women badly".  She wouldn't leave us alone! I believe that if my Mom came into that Sushi restaurant with her mental condition, the Asian chick would have kicked her out. The only reason I stayed was because the owner invited us there that day for a free meal.  And the only reason I haven't left a negative Yelp review on that place is because the owner used to be my next door neighbor. But, moral of this story is that you won't get that kind of treatment here at K-Juns. All you get is respect and good service from traditional East Asian workers. None of that f*cked up sh!t. 

Overall, I am happy I came into a Korean restaurant this time and didn't get dissed. Customer service itself deserves 5-stars
What a scam!!! We order 8 pieces of chicken and received 5 normal piece and 3 mini pieces. Most place count the breast as one piece but not here. They cut the one breast piece into 3 piece and count it as 3 pieces. The chicken was crispy but way over priced for what we got.
Tonight was the first training night at Nandos and all was well. 

There's an upstairs so it's a large restaurant and plenty of space between tables. 

Staff lovely and friendly. This is a great place to go if you want chicken, to be served quickly and know what to expect. 

I like Nandos, it's simple if not formulaic but tasty food and I like to go there from time to time!

However, if you are not from Edinburgh, there a lots of lovely independent restaurants near by too!
Nandos is Nandos is Nandos.

I'll admit it. I like Nandos for what it is. It's a chain so you know the quality before you choose, and if I'm honest the quality for spit-roasted chicken (or however they do it) is pretty good for a fancy lunch or 'cheap and cheerful' dinner. Except it's not *that* cheap. £10 for half a roast chicken?

Why do I come to Nandos? Because they do a lot of chicken and a lot of spice. And I like chicken and spice. Usually they're located beside cinemas or in leisure parks (like up at Fountain Bridge, or in Xscape in Glasgow). And they are the perfect pre-cinema or post-rock climbing lunch option. And lunch is usually what I go here for.

It has the feel of fast-food but it's far better quality and I'd wager much better for you than any other fast food place.

However, this one is sitting right beside a few other restaurants that are favourites of mine. As in, favourites in the whole of Edinburgh. So when it comes to dinner time I definitely know I'll be choosing them over Nandos.

Also, I looked at the opening hours on the website and unless it's wrong they only open till 5pm? So that means they really are only a lunch place? Hmm.

Nandos really is a-ok. It's not *good* dining, it's not *bad*. It's great for families with kids where the parents want something better than waffles, beans and eggs but can take the kids without any worry you'll upset other customers with noisy, exciteable children smooshing fries into their face (literally INTO their face). And it's good for big groups. I can imagine given the area it'll get busy with school kids too?
I was SO excited to go to Nandos as I'd been years ago and had very fond memories.  I have to say though, I was sorely disappointed!  

Although I have to say, I think it is a great idea how you choose your filling, type of meal (eg pita bread, bun, etc) and also the spiceyness of the sauce - the lemon and mango numbers are great for those would like flavour but can't stand hot and spicey!!!  

However I just thought that for what you got (a glorified burger basically) that it is well overpriced.  When I went I ordered two main meals plus two drinks and I barely got a few pennies in change from £30?!?!?!  Now the way I look at it is for this price I could have gone to a pretty decent restaurant and would have enjoyed spending that amount of money there rather than giving it to a place that is just a step up from McDonalds.  In fact, considering I can buy a meal for two for less than a tenner in McDonalds I think I prefer it to Nandos!!!  

Don't get me wrong, the food was good but so is a Big Mac from time to time so in the end it was just an expensive burger and I've had better!  

I'm sad to say, my Nandos bubble was well and truly burst!
aw i feel a bit bad that this nando's seems to have gotten some mediocre reviews.  i, for one, LOVE some nandos!  and this place was perfect when the boyfriend and i were looking for a late(ish) night bite to eat.  

it was coming up to 10pm on a saturday night and we both were starving for dinner!  i was hoping something would be open along george vi bridge and lo and behold, the welcoming lights of Nandos!!  we entered and i was surprised that for 10pm this place was fairly busy.  however we were shown to a seat quickly and the waiter confirmed that we knew how the ordering system, etc worked.

at this point i don't even bother to look at the menu as i always order the same thing and i can confirm that the halluomi and portabello pita was just as good as it always is.  in fact it was probably better than usual as i was a bit tipsy and starving!  the coleslaw was tasty and the chips freshly made.  so all in all a really good meal for less than a tenner.  the boyfriend was equally happy with his chicken wrap.

i felt that the service was quick and attentive and honestly i can't think of anything negative to say.  especially as this place was still seating people when we left closer to 11pm!  yay for a proper late night meal :)
Nandos was by far my favorite chain restaurant in Europe. The butterfly burger was amazing, as I had one in the London, Dublin, and Edinburgh location. A must have if visiting!
They have never once gotten my order right at this KFC. There is always sauce when I ask for none on a sandwich, the wrong dipping sauce for my strips, etc. Okay, maybe they did get my order correct once... But it was awful! Check out the pictures to see what I'm referring to.
I love kfc's mashed potatoes... They are just downright glorious. However, the last two times I've gone to this location, there has been more breading than chicken, the chicken strips have been stale as all get out, and my mashed potatoes were far less than glorious; in fact, they've been down right mediocre at best. Last night, my roommate and I went to grab some dinner and I could barely eat my chicken strips they were so hard. My potatoes were cold and the service was just awful. The service was slow, they got our drinks wrong, and the employees were really rude. I'm not sure I'll be returning.
Food is good love the wings
I LOVE chicken wings!  I have ordered chicken wings at just about every restaurant I have dined at.  

My family and I decided to pay a visit to ATL Wings after passing by the restaurant on our way home the night before.  Let me tell you, I'm glad we did.

Let's start with the obvious.. The food.  We ordered some "Seasoned" and "Honey BBQ" wings accompanied by some french fries and Fried Okra.  Both orders of chicken wings were freshly cooked.  You can really tell they were freshly made.  They were both slightly crunchy and evenly coated with the sauce/flavoring we chose.  

The "Seasoned" wings reminded me so much of the wings they used to serve at VooDoo Daddy's.  For those of you who know what I'm talking about, the wait is finally over.  Your prayers have been answered.  I, myself went through withdrawals when VooDoo Daddy's closed down for good.  I craved those wings.  

The "Honey BBQ" wings were perfectly made.  There is nothing I can even criticize.  I can't wait to try out all 14 different varieties of wings they offer.

The fries were "crinkle cut".  I get nervous when I see this style of fry, since most places tend to undercook them for some reason.  This place is the exception.  The fries were cooked to perfection.  They were a great accompaniment to the wings.  

We also gave their Fried okra a try.  Again, they knocked it out of the park.  They were evenly breaded and fried precisely the way they should be.  

We were so impressed with our meal that we placed a second order of wings.  We also took a leap of faith and ordered their Spicy Tater Tots (with diced jalapenos infused within the tot) and Mac N' Cheese Bites (fried).  Both of those sides were delicious.  

The service was great.  The people that work there are very personable and sincere.  You can really tell that they take pride in their restaurant and their product.  

The dining area was clean and comfortable.  

If you are the kind of Yelper that partly judges restaurants by their bathrooms, I can tell you that their bathrooms are immaculate.  

I will certainly be back to this restaurant.  

Give them a try..  You won't be disappointed.

I can't wait to go back and try out their fried fish and shrimp.
Ok so wanted to try this place out since I heard they were really good so I did and man I should have gotten the whole scoop on how long there wings take. After 45 minutes I asked what was wrong with our order especially cause there was only three other customers in there the employee went ahead and told me they threw my wings away cause the other ones were too small. I was like really I would have taken it by the end of the hour we finally got our wings and compensated by giving me one wing extra. Needless to say we ended up going to another restaurant and getting served fast. Call ahead an hour and you'll be ok there wings are good but an hour for ten wings maybe not...
Found my wing place!! Recommended by my cousin Jose T. and yes this place will be a one of my go to places.  I had the Seasoned and Habanero Honey wings and they were amazing.  My favorite wings in AZ were from this place called Voodoo daddy's and since they closed down a couple years, I never had any other place come close until I tried their 'Seasoned' wings today. I was so happy, I almost thanked God out loud but I did it quietly in my head because I was busy eating!.

I also had their fried okra which was also very good. Usually other places I get okra its greasy and goes soft but there's is not and very crispy even after when I brought it home after an hour. The type of wings they make are crispy and they have stayed crispy after taking some home after a couple hours also.

I'm going back again, probably tomorrow to try out their catfish and other seafood dishes.  My order did not take long at all, maybe 10 minutes and the staff was really nice.   Though I can't really drink sugary stuff, I saw that they had free refills of kool aid and sweet tea which was cool.
I work around the corner, and clients kept bringing in wings, so we stopped in. OMG! First, we were greeted with friendly, smiling faces.  They were closed, but we were still catered to as if the kitchen was still serving.  Cianna, one of the owners, was extremely personable, as we stayed beyond our welcome.  I was leary of the place since the location sat vacant for such a long time. The place is immaculent. No stains on the floor, tables and counter clean, and I love how you can see in the kitchen.  Everyone that was there that evening had smiles!

Now, to get down to the food! OMG, OMG, O-M-G!!! I got just some seasoned wings. They were delicious!! The fries are on point, but the honey biscuit, that honey biscuit, is just ignorant (in a good way). There is no way that a deep fried biscuit drenched in honey should taste sooooo good. That biscuit made my eyes roll to the back of my head. There are so many things on the menu that I will be back to try them out.  Can't wait to be blessed with another day so I can get my eat on!

PS I'm gonna have every one of my clients in there!!!
We tried the Ranch Wings today, on the recommendation of my bro-in-law Robert D.  He sent me a text and described them as being "bomb".. and guess what, they really are.  They are LEGIT!!

My cousin Michael T. recommended the Seafood Platter and Catfish.  I suspect that I will be trying those really soon.

I'm such  fan of this place that my Uncle offered to take me and whoever was at my house on my birthday over there for lunch.  What a treat!  We got to try all our usual favorites, along with Sweet Potato Fries, Garlic Parmesan Wings, and Garlic Pepper Wings.. all of which were winners.  

The Seasoned Wings are still my favorite!

The people that work there are still the friendliest around!


*************************************

FACT:

Cousin Shaun S. ate at ATL Wings today.

At 4:01, cousin Michael T. went to ATL Wings to try the Catfish Dinner.  I texted him to ask him how it was and he texted back, "F'n good!"

At around 5:30, I went there with my fam to pick up dinner.

At around 7PM, my bro-in-law Robert D.  Had dinner there with his lady.  

This is just one day.  HAHA!  Our family loves the food here.  No just our family, but ever single person we have recommended ATL Wings to has given us seriously excellent feedback on their food.
Shit was good, but kinda pricey. 14 bucks for 10 wings, Kool-aid, and fried Okra. For 14 bones, I can quench the thirst of a decent sized village in Africa with Kool-Aid. Employees were very cool, and made suggestions, which I love. I got good vibes from ATL Wings, and will be back-
Arrived in town on March 22.  I had a feeling this was a hot, new spot because a couple friends were checking in here 2-3 times a week.  My friend Michael T. mentioned we'd stop by when I got hungry.  It was a great way to end my first day in town.

I ordered the seasoned wings, sweet potato fries, and a grape Kool-Aid.  The wings were crispy, meaty, and seasoned perfectly.  You could tell they were cooked fresh.    The same could be said about the sweet potato fries.  They were fresh and crispy.  Washing that all down with grape Kool-aid just made everything better.  The Kool-Aid is a little spendy at $2.99, but you get free refills so drink away.

I will definitely be frequenting this place on a regular basis.  I'm looking forward to trying out the other wing flavors and other stuff on the menu.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN WE HAVE A WINNER.  I saw this place while driving a friend home.  I hooked a sharp right to get into the parking lot not even thinking I might hit a car.

I am a wing man.  I love wings.  I will eat the shit out of wings.  I haven't really found a place that have the whole package... until now.

I ordered for me and my family, 15 wings (garlic pepper and honey habenero) a 3 piece catfish dinner (which was enough for 4 people) fried mac n cheese kids meal and honey biscuits.  Where do I start?

First off we didn't eat there.  I brought it home.  I thought it would loose flavor and quality by the time I got it home.  IT DIDN'T.  They did an AMAZING job packaging it.  Everything was packaged separate so no food touched another food.  That included the fries that came with it.  Even the fries lived!

The honey biscuits are OUT OF THIS WORLD.  AMAZING GOOEY GOODNESS.  I will order a bunch of those for thanksgiving if I have to.  

The garlic pepper wings were some of the best wings I have ever had in my entire life.  The seasoning was a dry rub.  They tasted nothing like I've ever tasted before.  The honey habenero were not as hot as I would have imagined but the flavor was top notch.

My wives catfish was AMAZING.  The breading and seasoning was perfect.  

I think I know why everything tasted so good....  The cooks behind the counter knew that preparing the food was NOT A RACE.  They took their time and made sure everything came out at the same time and went the extra mile to make sure they did it right.  Everyone who worked behind the counter were so polite and informative.  They let my know how my order was coming almost every minute.. "I dropped the catfish, it will take 2 minutes to cook, then I'll sauce the wings"  Meanwhile someone was bagging up all the condiments and sides so they were ready to go before the food was ready.

I could tell by all the metal bowls and sauce containers with handwritten labels, everything is made in house and from scratch.  Nothing looked like it was ordered from a supplier.  They took ingredients and made it from scratch.

The price was reasonable and the portions were amazing.  My wife took the other half of her catfish to work with her.  Bottomline, I will return.  I will support this company.  I will tell my friends about it.

Please go here and enjoy it!
I don't eat wings but I served them at a party and everyone loved them.
ATL Wings is probably in the top two or three for the east valley.  I can only think of one for sure that I do like a little better than ATL....

Pros
Big Wings - Unlike the one biters at a local chain restaurant (that shall remain nameless), these wings are a good size.  In addition, it's all meat.... not that chewy junk you find at some places.
Good Sauces - Their sauce and spices are good.  I've a had a couple of different flavors and was happy with them both.

Cons
Price - A little bit expensive for wings.  I think 10 wings is around 9 bucks.
Wait Time - I know people say they will wait for freshness... but dang! I'd recommend calling your order in.  It wasn't even overly busy when I went in, they are just very very slow in turning tickets.
This was my 2nd time coming back here  so i wanted to see what some other wings tasted like from here. I went with the Cajun hot an sweet potato fries. These were on point competing with long wongs which is right down the street.
I have died and went to WING HEAVEN!!!! No doubt the best wings I have had !! Hubby and I were on our way to get a friend when she was running late and boy I am happy she was! We stopped and thought lets get a bite to eat and try something new, We ordered 15 wings, 1/2 Cajun & 1/2 Garlic Parm, with an order of Sweet Potato Fries...
The time to get our food was a little longer than I liked but after tasting them I see why it takes time for perfection..I won't complain..after we were almost done eating a gentleman stopped at out table and asked how we liked it, we told him how wonderful it was, he said don't leave I have dessert for you...I was thinking so sweet that was, then he brought these little balls of heaven to our table along with the powder sugar & cinnamon & honey.. OMG they were melt in your mouth delish!!!! I could have eaten dozens!
They have soda by the can but they do sell Kool-Aid on tap...I thought that was a great idea

To say the least I think they have the best wings, service and honey balls.. YOU gotta try this place! I know I will be a regular!
OH MY GAWD-  is what comes out of my wings stuffed mouth EVERY TIME I eat the honey habanero wings.  Even though I have only been twice(doesn't seem like enough right?!), Each time I eat these messy little wings of delight(And YES i lick my finger after each wing is devoured),  the experience of the flavor and meat to bone ratio is beyond satisfying.  Last time I tried the mild wings (since My boyfriend cant handle hot wings) they had some good spice but myself personally could go way hotter than that. So I still have yet to try more flavors because I am always so tempted to just get the honey habanero but want to try more flavors at the same time.

The second trip convincing my boyfriend to come with made my wait time for this delicious masterpiece less boring also because we talked to the owner the whole time which I always always ALWAYS love because I believe that owners that have great relationships with their customers make a successful business(+1); like I have said time and time again! When owners lose that bond with customers you lose out on more customer flow In my opinion.  The place has TVs to watch ESPN while you wait(+1) , Two different refrigerators(Coca cola and Pepsi) with the correct products in both(+1)(My stepdad has worked for coca cola my whole life practically so I notice everything that has to do with soda) Kool aid and Sweet Tea(haven't tried yet either shockingly)(+1) and Desserts, specials and Catfish(On steroids says my BF because they are such big pieces) !

On my second trip I ordered 10 honey habanero and 5 sweet and tangy but whatever they put under the honey habanero i am not positive if they were really the sweet and tangy because I didn't taste sweet or tangy, just salt.  I love salty stuff but it just wasn't exactly what I was expecting or loved nearly as much as the honey habanero.  But everyone has different taste obviously.  It doesn't affect my thoughts on how much I Love this place and they got my business and boyfriends and friends business forever and will promote new places such as this every chance I get!!!!  It would be awesome if they could open up a bigger spot like BWW with a bar so they can play the fights I would much rather go there than BWW any day just because the staff is beyond nice compared to any wing spot I have been too and Lolo's in Phoenix and Scottsdale combined.


Update:05/08/2012: A word of caution, if you received a text from atl wings about .50 cent wing tuesdays from 4-9pm make sure you ask about it unlike myself who paid full price not really realizing until i had left and didn't feel like going back asking so late.  

The honey biscuits remind me of dense crispy gooey donuts i would have to share them with others because eating all those to myself plus 6 wings i feel like im in a severe food acoma now. delicious and dense.
So I got home on Thursday night from work and I see that the kids hadn't cleaned the kitchen and I though well I'm not cooking for them they can fend for themselves! Again they really are not "kids" 16, 18 & 20, so don't feel too bad for them.  So I texted my wing luvin friend and told her I am in the mood for wings, about 3 weeks ago she told me about this great wing place up the street from me that she & her hubby found & swear she has been their at least 2 to 3 times a week since then, so she picked me up and off we went to ATL Wings!

Before I even get to the food, let me tell you what impressed me, the service! Outstanding service, and not just to us, but to everyone who entered there.  It's great to go to a place that really appreciates you stopping by and giving them a chance.  They didn't even look at me funny when I was snapping pics of the place like the crazed Yelper I am lol Love a place that has great service, that will keep me coming back for sure!

It was time to order, and I saw they have a honey habanero and thought oh yea let's see what this is all about, you know I just love it with my lips are burning so I was looking forward to the heat! I ordered 10 chicken bites (boneless wings) with the honey habanero and asked for them to be saucy, with some french fries. Now I ordered the boneless wings, because I like the meat, and I have ordered wings many times just to be ripped on the price because the wings they severed where as if they came from some ganish hens and not chicken ya know. But I was wrong, I saw the size of the wings my friend got and you do not get ripped on the wings, they have nice meaty wings! Now the honey habanero sauce was good, it was a perfect blend of heat & sweet and very great in flavor, I could have gone for them to be a tab bit hotter, but they are great!  Next time I will try the Cajun hot, oh I bet that will get me cryin :)  Also tried a garlic parmesan damn that was good too! And their spicy tator tots delish!!  I know next time to get those instead of the fries! 

Also they have Kool Aid on tap, and I love that!! For your sweet tooth I highly recommend ordering some Honey Biscuits, which are like balls of dough, not too heavy but just right, fried and sitting on top a bed of honey, but wait!!! You also can add cinnamon and powder sugar to the top of the biscuits and BAM! You got heaven!!! So sweet and perfectly yummy, might be sad when you see they are all gone, I know I was haha 

Yep ATL Wings you got a new fan!
These wings are deelish! They are so meaty and well seasoned. I had honey BBQ got 20 wings for 13 bucks, and the honey biscuits made me melt.  These are made upon order and do take some time, so if you are in a rush call ahead otherwise, plan on waiting at least 25 minutes for your order.  I signed up for their text messages and now am alerted on ther specials: 50 cent wing Tuesdays 4-9.
This place is a good little find. The Honey habanero wings are awesome and the honey biscuts are a must have. The wings are big and crisp on the outside. Sauces are not very hot but have good flavor.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.
Wings were pretty yummy. I got seasoned wings and my boyfriend got ranch wings. They were both very well seasoned and not saucy which I loved. French fries were good and large big enough to share. Only downside is the seasoned wings were very greasy...but we will be back.
OOOOOWWWEEEE!! Have yall tried ATL Wings yet!!! If not what are you waiting for!  They are the BOMB Diggity!

I don't know why I haven't updated my review either, so here I go! 


The honey habanero are still my #1 but I also love the Cajun Hot!  Holy Crap!! Get some of the Cajun Hot wings and some ranch and their hot sauce on the side, dip your wing in the ranch and then the hot sauce and watch out!! The only time you really feel the burn is when you're no longer eating, gums & tongue just be blaze hot and mouth just be water for more, yes my friends that's the heat I love!!


Luv me some wings from ATL!
The wings are great! Service is a little slow. The workers were pleasant.
2 things in this life I cannot stand it is Parmesan cheese and fish. I walked in one day excited to try something different. I ordered garlic pepper wings. I was served garlic parmesan by accident. Thank God that happened. They were delicious. On a second visit, I invited friends to join. One of them ordered catfish. They asked me to try it, which I replied no. After a while, peer pressure cracked me. Let's just say, next time I will be asking for their order of catfish... 14 flavors of wings, topped off with a side order of honey biscuits. Can't beat it! Thanks Mike for bringing ATL to the area!!!
To echo what a number of Yelpers have already said, the wings here are, in a word, LEGIT. Envision me as MC Hammer pantomiming the 2 Legit 2 Quit hand jive, except I'll add the final move of sucking wing sauce off my sticky mitt. After dining at ATL Wings, you'll want to do the same.

The best thing about the wings here are that they are crispy and they are sauced right. I won't advise on what's the best flavor, because everyone has their preferences, but you can't go wrong by sampling a bunch of their 14 different wing flavors. You may even find a new favorite. I'm leaning towards the Citrus Chipotle and the Sweet 'n' Tangy, but then I haven't tried them all.

A note about the Sweet 'n' Tangy wings. Not really sweet nor tangy... but delicious nonetheless. I would say that these are more salty and sweet, with a soy-sauce-forward note. I found myself strangely addicted to these and unable to quit stuffing them down my grateful gullet.

I pray I will return to ATL Wings many times and try all their different styles of wings. But that's why we pray... we got to pray just to make it today. (Dear Lord, that's two MC Hammer references in the same Yelp review. I am no longer responsible for my own actions...)
This is what I love about Yelp. I discovered ATL Wings while looking for a new lunch spot for myself and a coworker and ran across this high ranking wing joint. Pictures looked good and based on the reviews we got the Honey Habanero and Parmesan Garlic wings with some onion rings and I had to get the grape Kool-aid. Holy crap! Those were some of the best wings that I have ever had.

Honey Habanero: the sweet honey taste hits ya right away and then a little heat comes in. I was expecting a little more heat but the flavor is so great that is doesn't matter. These a sticky wet finger licking wings.

Parmesan Garlic: the parmesan flavor is intense at first then the garlic kicks in and the two flavors go perfectly together. These are dry wings which went perfect with the saucy honey habanero. 

The wings are big and meaty and everything a perfect wing should be. I can't wait to go here again and try the catfish.
YESSIR! It's a shame (or a blessing) this place isn't close to me... The people here are super friendly and the food is on point!

Had the mac and cheese bites... pretty much made me want to slap someone in the face because of the fried cheesy goodness. My favorite flavors so far are the seasoned and parmesan garlic wings!
This place has the crispiest wings like you never seen.  Once again, I was referred by a coworker and they were absolutely some of the best wings I've had in Az.  We ordered the  honey habanero which were very good and sweet and tangy, very delicious, coupled with the parmesan garlic which was very good with a blast of parmesan taste to compliment to the sweet.  After I nearly ate myself to sickness I washed it down with some of that awesome purple kool aid. Diamonds in the rough like this place are actually what drew me to Yelp.   I will be a regular when I need my wing fix.  Oh, and we were treated to some honey biscuits at the end and that really sealed the deal.  Deep fried and as sweet as Mama's kisses.  I love this place and will recommend it to anyone looking for some good wings.
Fantastic wings. We had the seasoned and the garlic parm which are both yummy. Nice wings with good meat on them and not fatty. The people were very friendly that work there and even gave us a sample of the honey biscuits! Great food and worth the wait.
***THIS IS AN UPDATE OF MY PREVIOUS REVIEWS FOR ATL WINGS***

I think I've pretty much tried 90% of the menu.

My favorites are still the Seasoned and Honey Habanero wings.  Like I said VooDooDaddy's wings held a special place in my heart, and ATL's Seasoned wings are the second coming.  

I've tried both the fried catfish and the fried tilapia.  The tilapia is smaller, but I prefer them because of the flavor.  

I've tried the Fisherman's Platter and it is tasty.  Fried flounder, shrimp, scallops, and fries + cole slaw.  


The main reason I decided to update my review is because I have noticed that there are some people that are so hung up on how long the food takes to make sometimes.  The food is made-to-order.  Sometimes they get people who order a few dozen wings, sometimes, they get people who order party platters that consist of 100 wings.  ATL's wings are so good that they are RAPIDLY outgrowing their facility.  They are in need of a larger restaurant with a much larger kitchen with double or even triple the amount to fryers they currently have.    

My advice:  CALL IN YOUR ORDER BEFORE HEADING OUT TO ATL WINGS!  Even if you plan to eat there,CALL IN YOUR ORDER!  It WILL take a while to get your food, but when you get your food, it will be delicious!  It's well worth the wait, but that doesn't mean you can't do the waiting in the comfort of your own home :)
I'd be shocked if there was a better wing place in AZ. The wings are out of this world. So are the honey biscuits. The prices are good too. Yes, there is a wait for your food. But I have no problem waiting for food prepared only AFTER I've ordered it. The honey habanero are the best. So are the garlic parm. You can tell they actually make their own sauces and don't just pour a bottle of who knows what on the wings. This place is worth the money and the wait. Seriously, you won't be disappointed.
I decided to come back and revise this. I love the wings. Love the girls that work there. They know me by name. Top it off they have a guilty pleasure Red Kool Aid. 

Season wings are my favorite. It's a popular place.  So call ahead and they'll have your order ready when you arrive.
I tried the garlic parmesan wings, honey haberno, and seasoned wings with ranch dressing. The menu was clear and it was a standard wing place. There were plenty of flavor to choose from. The wings were meaty with plenty of sauce. It reminded me of a better version of wing stop since it was cheaper, I believe 15 pieces of wings were around $11 and there was actual meat on it. I wish the sauces were all stronger. I was not impressed by the seasoned wings. The honey haberno had a kick to it for the first wing but then the haberno kind of died out. The garlic parmesan was okay, just the standard garlic parmesan. I wouldn't mind going to this place again if I was craving wings, I would try the other flavors though.
I'm sure Sunday morning a lot of folks were up dressed in their best to go to church.   My husband and I, on the other hand, were waiting outside Atl Wings at 5 mins. to 11:00 like a couple of patients with their brand new medical marijuana card waiting for the dispensary to open.  

As soon as we walked in we were greeted by the friendly young woman working at the front counter and when I said we'd never been there before she showed us the menu and choice of flavors.  It's a little overwhelming so we chose the seasoned and the parmesan garlic flavors.  Also based on the other reviews we got an order of honey biscuits to try.

While we waited I had to use the restroom and was impressed with how clean it was.  I don't mean just the floor was swept and the sink wiped off.  The WHOLE thing was clean.  How many times do you go into a restaurant bathroom and after you wash your hands you touch either the paper towel dispenser or the door handle and feel something that might be salad dressing?  It might be cheese?  It might be a cluster of infectious bacteria?  Whoever cleans these bathrooms wipes everything down.  That says a lot about the overall cleanliness of the joint.  This place was spotless.

I'll get carpal tunnel if I type about how good the wings were in detail, just suffice it to say they were fried perfectly crisp, while still being moist inside.  I can't wait to try the other flavors.  Both of the ones we had were great!  When I mentioned that it's kind of weird to have wings without beer (on a Sunday no less!!) the woman who took our order said they are working on a liquor license.  That would be great if you are so inclined to have a cold tasty adult beverage with your wings.  

We got the cinnamon and powdered sugar (each 50 cents extra) with our biscuits and that was a decadent treat to have honey-drizzled warm biscuits and then sprinkle the cinnamon and sugar on them.  It smelled like my grandma's kitchen on Sunday and they tasted heavenly.  

So I think in a way, we did find religion on Sunday.  I'm convinced that if anyone wrote a negative review for this place, they are somehow affiliated with the Long John Silver's right next door, or the Domino's across the street.  Hallelujah for Atl Wings!
Tried this place tonight and they have some of the best wings I have tasted.  The fried okra and the mac and cheese bits were excellent also! I will be back again when I'm in the area and recommend this place to all my friends!
Let me start off by saying I'm not a big Yelper, I leave this to my husband Eric.  So, he tells me about this new place called "ATL Wing's and the great reviews in the city of Chandler,AZ.  I was happy to see the bathrooms were clean when I was there and this should not be taken lightly.  We purchased the garlic parmasean wings, the sweet and tangy wings, a catfish dinner, popcorn shrimp, macaroni and cheese bites, and this dessert called honey biscuits?  To me this was just your ordinary everyday wing shop.  

We went based on the reviews from Yelpers.  I was not impressed and quite frankly a bit disappointed.  Things just don't sit well on my stomach when I'm told "Everything is Fried".   ***EAT WITH CAUTION**  it's true, everything is fried and sugared up, they didn't even have regular ice tea with lemon, just sweet tea,  kool-aid and crystal light.  Oh yea, you can forget about the light in crystal because they added sugar to this too.  

The wings didn't have much flavor beyond the sauce, the cat fish didn't look or taste like cat fish and this dessert was nothing but a fried biscuit.   My thoughts "FFF" "FRIED FAIR FOODS, there's a reason why the fair only comes to town once or twice a year, this is clearly fair food at its best.  This is not the type of food you want to consume on a regular basis, unless you want sugar diabetes, high blood pressure, obesity or colon cancer.  I will not go back to this place or recommend it to anyone. Make sure you are going to your yearly doctor checkups if this place is a regular for you.
Yelp,

Hey ya'll,

After many and I mean many Yelper's have posted about this place at 5 stars, I had to go and see for myself.  First off glad to see that new small businesses are opening up in the area and glad to see black owned businesses too, so here we are to support your business and Yelp you out!

Location: well it's not located in my neck of the woods, but we are always willing to travel for a bite to eat, plus 5 stars I'm there...wit da quickness!

Third, I was impressed that it looked so nice from the outside Good job!! ATL.

Then, I ran in to check the restrooms and wash my hands, before reviewing the menu.  Restrooms were very clean.. but I noticed no toilet liners might want to add those (ATL) but very clean none the less and all the other things were in order.

With my hands clean I made my way to the counter only  to be greeted by a young lady with a big smile and was so willing to go over everything with me. sweet this, deep fried dat, Kool Aid huh! battered! Whoop whoop, man I was like there goes my diet.  So, I went all out, ol school .. give me 30 wings, ahhh garlic and parmesan cheese then make 1/2 of those sweet and tangy, (sounds like Kate Williams said it, huh?) 1 catfish dinner, fried mac and cheese, popcorn shrimp, Cole slaw, french fries, and then we ordered those sweet biscuits WHAT ARE THEY YOU ASK? (okay take a pack of .99 cents store biscuits remove 5 deep fry in oil, drain pour on honey TA DAAAA! your done. Oh then I asked for the hook up which is a tsp of cinnamon and a tsp of powered sugar for an additional .50 cents each $1.00 USD, man!  got me me on that one fa sho! 1 large Kool Aid (grape of course, my son, he never had it before) and he's 14, then the wife asked for non-sweeten tea with lemon and it felt like the entire place stood still, OMG the only drinks are sweet tea, 3 flavors of Kool Aid and the some Crystle light  (but that Crystle light was sugared up too) so the wifey got the Crystel light and the young lady did tell us they had canned drinks just to be truthful, but, I choose the water due to the amount of sugar in the food. I can't have both and I'm looking forward to seeing my son graduate from high school.  I looked around the kitchen area and there were 3 men working as hard as could be, one guy was wiping everything down, I like that, it showed that they knew, with an open kitchen you better keep it clean.  Cause them Yelper's be on the grind.

Okay folks lets keep YELP perfectly honest, over all this is not food that deserves 5 stars.  Come on people, this fast food at its best! Yes they have a friendly staff, and  yes its just wings and deep fried "fair food" but its not top notch cooking. Just average is what it is with friendly folks cooking and serving you, drop that sack and taste it sober...you'll see what I mean.

I thought 4 to 5 stars stood for excellence a place that goes the extra mile in preparation, thought and show some culinary expertise that would open your mind with foods that delight your pallet, message your soul and blow your tongue out your mouth; have you feeling like it was your first time you remember that. That's a 5 stars spot lets not just throw it around every time we go out for snacks. 

Oh, and before I go I mentioned to them I YELP, do to all the photos I was taking (as if I was casing the joint) then I was offered a free treat of deep fried cheese cake topped with my choice of Hershys chocolate or strawberry slisurup""
maybe as a way of bribing me... or just a nice gesture. I'll let you decide.

On the last note: for the folks that say this was fresh cooked food "you are stoned" or just plain nuts I have been cooking professionally over 20 years, and its all store bought and docked up! Period!!!  unless they name is Hershey's....

" I wont Yelp if I wont be honest each and every time"

It was hard to be so honest because they were very nice folks,...
I went back here again last night .  I ordered the catfish dinner and got two hand breaded fillets of fresh catfish that was perfectly seasoned and absolutely delicious. It was served with fries and only $8.99. It was the best fried fish I have had in a long time!
I typed "Hot Wings" in my mobile yelp app & seen great reviews about the wings at this place so family & I decided to venture 16 miles to try this joint. We ordered the Teriyaki, Hot & Honey Habanero Wings along with a side of Crinkle Fries & some Kool Aid. Fellow Yelpers were right! Crisp juicy mouth watering  flavors hit the spot. The Honey Habanero was everyone's favorite. These wings put other competitors to shame because of the size, flavors & being perfectly cooked. Others are right though about waiting awhile for your food,but once you have it you forget what you are waiting for. I highly recommend giving this place a shot. We will be back soon to try other flavors and items on the menu.
" dayum gina" "finger-lickin good" "OMG"

These don't even begin to describe the food here. Lemme start with the menu: I posted a photo for all to see but you have at least 15-18 different flavors to choose from between seasonings and sauces, oodles of sides from fries, fried okra, Mac and cheese bites, corn bites aka hush puppies, etc etc etc.

For drinks they have soda, tea and (drumroll please) KOOL AID!!!

Oh yes my friends I said it.

So now that I've briefed you, lemme tell you what we got.

Wings of course. The best flavor to tantalize my tongue so far....

LEMON PEPPER! Oh yes- seasoned perfectly, crunchy in all the right places.

I also tried the garlic parmesan and seasoned flavors as well. Very good but you see the LP got my #1 vote 

We also got a side of fries which were good too!

Now for my last item of review you must excuse my profanity 

But the Honey Biscuits were orgasmic!

Think beignet/donut drizzled in honey and sprinkled with powder sugar.

Hot damn, next time im feeling lonely, ATL wings just prepare me an order of your honey love!

You won't be disappointed!

Like they say at the restaurants:

Good food takes time. We aren't slow, your just impatient!

Hahahah hell yea I'm ready for these wingz
Wow, I'm Shocked how many people gave this place 5 Stars. They must not know what good wings or good fish taste like Or they work there and are putting up fake reviews.. The wings were not that bad not great but not bad. The fish I didn't want to eat the whole this way to salty no good favor just taste old and salty. For what you get I feel it's a little over priced but everywhere is getting to be like that. Will not go back again
Everyone rates pretty high...and they are right on. The negative reviewers are I think looking for something else. One was whining about Fried food. Hello...it's a wing joint! The other negative review was similar...so it is what it is! A Fantastic Place for WINGS with Flavors coming to please nearly every Tongue!!!

We have been here three times. Not nearly enough but unfortunately we just don't plan for enough time. Yes they cook to order and that takes a while! Doesn't it take a while when you cook your dinner at home!??? Seee? Now lets hear no more whining about how long it takes!

First time here I had the Chicken Fingers but had them add Hot Wing sauce. They asked did I want to dip them myself...NOPE...I want them coated just like the wings! That was NO prob! The family wanted an assortment of different wing flavs...another fam member just wanted a plain chicken sammy. All food Yummmmy!

When we were finishing up they came out and asked how our food was and if we had heard about their "biscuits?" Ummm....NO. They brought us these hot gooey bites with powdered sugar and honey. I would not call this a biscuit...it's more like something between a scone and a beneit. They are amazing...just don't burn your mouth...! 

Anyhow the next time we ate here I had the Tilapia and Shrimp...OMG was this wonderful. Perfectly cooked fish and Shrimp...the Shrimp were HUGE...like bigger than my thumb and the Tilapia was flavorful and flakey. The seasoning was a blackened/cajun flavor that was not overpowering. The coleslaw I had was perfect. Flavor awesome...not to wet or dry. 

My family loves the Kool aid option. I have no idea why. Personally I can't stand the stuff. But you can drink all ya like. I like the 20oz soda option and bottled water selection.

Side dishes here are varied from fried okra to fried mac n cheese and more. Their menu is pretty varied actually. But as the other reviewers say...either order ahead and eat in or take it home with you. They really do cook from scratch.

The staff is sooo friendly...helpful...and very educated about their product! They don't Just Work There! They Know what they are doing. 
Oh and be sure to download their APP for your phone. It contains a punchcard ! So every visit they electronically mark your visit and after 10 you get free food! You can order from your phone and they text your with deals. Believe it or not I just as I'm typing got the Tuesday Deal of the DaY..right NOW! LOL...great timing!

Go Eat ! All you have to lose is the money in your wallet time and time again cos you will go back time and time again! And take your friends cos they will LOVE you for taking them there!!!!!!!
I can't believe I haven't rated this before.  LOVE LOVE LOVE the food here.  Kool-aid on tap!   NOM!  

I do have to say that I don't eat wings, but my bf does EVERYWHERE and this is one of his faves.  His 7 year old said they have the best food she's had anywhere!  She is a picky little princess too!

I get to nosh on all of the other deliciousness they offer... try them all!  

We will be back again and again and again!
My wife and I ate there for lunch today.  When we walked through the door we were immediately greeted.  I had the honey habanero wings and my wife had the hot wings.  They were cooked perfectly!  The skin was crispy and sauced perfectly.  We also got a side of mac n cheese bites, onion rings and fries.  All of the sides were delicious especially he mac n cheese bites which I highly recommend.  I would definitely eat here again.
ATL is easily on its way towards a Best of Phoenix issue....seriously good wings. 
I have tried lots of different wings from around the city thanks to my bf who is always on the hunt for the best wings. Atl easily just jumped to the top of our go to list. We went with Seasoned, Lemon Pepper and Garlic Parmesan. A-H-H-Mazzzing. Fried hard and crisp and seasoned perfectly. No sauce even required. The quality of the chicken is great and you can taste it also there is nothing puny about these wings either.

Kool-Aid on tap and lots of other menu options like fish, chicken fingers, okra, mac n cheese, honey biscuits with honey and powdered sugar etc..

GO here and fall in love, you wont regret it.
Everyone else here touting how amazing the wings are, they're spot on.

Decent prices. Nice staff. Great food.

The only thing that I'd change is that they don't have a soda fountain. They do have 3 koolaid fountains, which may or may not tickle your fancy.

I like blue.
Like another reviewer said, these guys have wings bigger than most restaurants/bars. They also offer a wide variety of sauces to choose from. We tried the Honey BBQ, Sweet & Tangy and the Cajun Hot. The Honey BBQ is your standard flavor and mild enough for nearly every temperament. The Sweet & Tangy was interesting, but my least favorite of the three. We were told it's a mix of the lemon pepper and another honey-based sauce. My favorite was the Cajun Hot. It didn't sacrifice flavor for heat (bonus points) and complemented the Honey BBQ. I like to go back and forth between a mild and a hot, and those two flavors did the trick. They'll give you one sauce per 5 wings, so I split the 15 pack with my gf. We were so full and didn't need any sides.

Least I forget, you get to wash it all down with your choice of red, blue and purple Kool-Aids that include an extra refill. So good and refreshing. Be ready for that sugar rush! The staff was really friendly and the place was fairly busy for a Sunday afternoon.

Though they do have two TV's up, I wish they were a restaurant or bar. I rarely go somewhere for just wings, but this place might just bring me back once in a while.

Similar establishment: Wingstop (http://www.yelp.com/biz/wingstop-mesa)
What does a guy look for in a wing?  Crispy?  Yes.  Flavorful options?  Indeed.  Healthy size?  Sure.  Kool Aid on the side?  Why not?  Listen, the only reason ATL Wings isn't getting a 5th star today is the fact that we ordered them to go and then waited for 45 minutes.  I think they had a couple people call in sick, or something, but that's just too long to ask anyone to wait with all those smells punching you in the nose-hole.  

I tried the Mac n' Cheese bites, they were good.  The Honey Biscuits reminded me of mini-scones from the fair where I grew up in Idaho - MUST ORDER!  I will be back - but you better believe I'll call ahead with my order to avoid the wait.
best wings in town, hands down.
I'm huge fan of this place. Its tough for me and my wife to Love this place due to the Gilty feeling of bad eating we get after visiting this establishment. The food is Outstanding and I've liked everything except the Catfish fried. My wife enjoys the catfish, but I think its lacking flavor, however they fry it to a cripy golden brown crust. I could just eat the crust and forget the fish. 

We've been twice now and I'm sad to say that we pretty much ordered the same things twice. The garlic parmesan wings and honey habenero wings are our favorites (of course we haven't tried any others, so take it with a grain of salt) catfish, corn nuggets, fried okra, french fries, and coleslaw. And to finish it all off...the best Biscuits of all time, if you consider a biscuit a French dougnut.(beignet) a biscuit. Seriously the best thing ever, but you feel pretty guilty afterwards. 

My recommendation is to hit the gym prior to going so you don't feel so guilty! 

But what ever you do, GO......
Great wings and good ranch.  The Blue Cheese dressing is not worth mentioning.  The seasoned, and garlic Parmesan make you want to inhale the wing.  I am not a fan of the sweet things so the tea and the Kool-Aid are not at all desirable to me.  

Their french fries are very good.  Fresh cut and fried to order.  They sprinkle a little salt and serve them.  Simple yet very tasty with their sauces.

Since Ny Boyz closed down they have the best garlic Parmesan in town and the seasoned have a very unique flavor that is different from any other place in the Metro area.  

Service was very good.  The young lady at the counter was very polite and more importantly remembered my name the whole time I was there (impressive).  

This place would be a five if they had a few more drink options.  Canned soda, and over sweetened tea and Kool-Aid options are not my cup of tea (no pun intended).  Hopefully they open a location downtown or closer to The Veen.
Stopped in to grab some awesome wings. I live about 10 miles away and I pass a dozen other wing places to get here but this place is so much better. We always get the plain "Seasoned" and the Lemon Pepper and Garlic Parmesan every time plus a couple other flavors to try. Super friendly folks!

Update - I finally tried the catfish and it is AMAZING!
I've been passing ATL Wings on my trips around Chandler and the bright red logo certainly caught my eye. I'm always up for a new wing experience so on a Friday afternoon I stopped in. 

This cafeteria style eatery is bright and cheery and immaculate. The interior graphics certainly lend to the unique flavor of the place and full view of the clean and well lit kitchen assure you that this place values their equipment and the product they turn out. Two things I liked about the menu right away were the variety of wing flavors and the reasonably priced wing amounts you are able to order. You can get anywhere from a ten piece order on up to orders for huge party. Plus, they had no problem splitting the ten piece wing order we had into 2 different flavors. 

They don't only sell wings either. I had some of the best fried catfish I've had in years and the portions are huge. The catfish came with fires and cole slaw and these side orders were excellent as well. Plus I had some fried okra and it was done very well. I could taste the okra and there was a slight spicy flavor but the breading wan't overpowering and the okra wasn't soggy. Back to the catfish... it was flaky and delicious, again not rubbery or overdone. I suspect they use fresh catfish and bread the orders as they come in and don't use frozen prefab stuff. It was great!

The gal at the desk taking orders was extremely friendly and helpful and advised on the order so we could get what we wanted and made suggestions. The place had steady business and there were a lot of phone in orders coming in and being picked up but she was smooth sailing all the way. This is a family business and you can tell they are proud of what they do and the food they offer. 

For a ten piece order of wings, a side of fries, a 2 piece catfish meal with fries and coleslaw and a side of fried okra plus a soda it was 23 bucks. That's more than reasonable for the amount of food and the QUALITY of food we received. I'll be back for sure!
Yelp, you came through for me again!  Stopped by right before closing and got a 10-piece of tangy-sweet chicken wings with blue cheese dressing.  The staff was friendly, and the interior was no-frills and clean.  The price was reasonable (much cheaper than BWW and FAR better food). The wings were crispy, juicy and succulent.  I could have eaten them all myself, but I shared with my cousin, who was also a fan.  The only area for improvement was the blue cheese dressing, which was on the thin side, and the celery pieces, which were wimpy (but still fresh).  I will definitely be returning in the future (cue ominous music).
This place is fabulous. Truely a gem, in our neighborhood.
First off, I have to say I'm not normally a wings person. But, I saw the Yelp reviews and gave it a try. These were, by far, the best wings I've ever had. The extreme honey habanero were amazing and the garlic parmesan were even better. I mean these wings were nothing short of amazing. And the service was just as amazing... Super nice and they brought out their awesome honey biscuits for us to try. I hope they move to So Cal!
My fiance and I are all about our chicken wings, and ATL is as good as it gets. The honey habanero  and garlic Parmesan are our top picks. The spicy tator tots are a MUST have. They're some magical combination of tator tots and jalapeno poppers that I have to order every single time! Also, bonus points for carrying cans of Cactus Cooler.
Possibly the best wings I've ever had.
The extra ranch is a little pricey but worth it.
Hands down, by far the best wings I have EVER had! They are perfectly crispy on the outside and Juicy meat inside and the sauces are out of this world!! I've never been a big wing fan until now. Tuesday date night is always at ATL wings.  There honey biscuits/sweet rolls and ridiculously delicious! There shrimp is fresh and amazing! And who dos t love kool aid on tap! The people are ALWAYS friendly. And I love the sign they have "we're not slow, your just impatient!" If you want fast food go to McDonald's! Trust me, this food is worth waiting for, and we have never waited more than 10 min.
I've heard lots of good things about this place, and since I was in the area today I thought I would swing in and grab a bite to see what all the hoopla was about.  

The menu itself is ample with a variety of selection, but I swear I waited half a lifetime to place my order.  I was hungry and we were the only one's standing there, so I'm not sure what the holdup was, but I started getting ansy.  Eventually a lady took our order and we sat and waited while our food was prepped.

I went with the 3 chicken strips, fries and a drink combo platter and my friend went with the wing plate himself.  Overall the food was good, but I was a little irritated with the long wait.  

Also, part two of my experience was a combination of the crabby lady behind the counter who took our order and the bathroom situation. They kind of go hand in hand.  For starters, she was kind of rude and cold to me.  I wasn't sure why, but it got worse as the lunch went on.  

my breaking point with her was when I tried to use the ladies room only to realize they were out of toilet paper. I came out to the counter to mention it to her, and I basically got completely blown off.  For starters, the guy mixing wings behind the counter totally ignored me when I started talking.  Then, the rude lady heard me, poked her head out from the back, saw me, and went back behind the wall to finish her conversation on her I phone. I couldn't wait any longer so I went into the men's room since apparently whatever I had needed was of no importance to her.

After I was done, I came back around to the counter and she was done talking on her cell phone. I told her she was out of toilet paper in the ladies room, and she screamed over her shoulder to some guy to go take care of it.

I can deal with a wait for the food, but the crabby lady just makes me think twice about coming back here, along with no toilet paper in the bathroom as well.  The food is okay, but I just don't know about doing a drive down here again for this place.....
I decided to give ATL wings a go after searching Yelp for some good wings in the area.  

The place is easy to find and provides a laid back atmosphere with TV's and plenty of seating.  It wasn't too busy when I arrived.  I walked right up to the only girl working the counter. I did notice two gentlemen behind her working the kitchen.  

I ordered Mac n Cheese bites, Sweet Potato fries, and of course wings.  Chose to go with citrus chipotle and cajun hot.  The Mac n Cheese bites were good.  The sweet potato fries were good as well.  I don't have super high expectations for greasy food, so I can see why people would complain about the amount of grease, but its clear that these two items are both fried.  The flavor was enjoyable.  The wings are definitely some of the best I have ever had.  They are large with a good amount of meat.  The sauce isn't over powering and provided a great flavor.  The cajun hot seemed to have a dry rub mixed with a hot pepper sauce.  I can't wait to go back for more of these!  I ordered the kool-aid, of course.  Brought me back to childhood days.  

The place seems to be a little under staffed at times.  I did notice a little lunch rush as I was eating, which caused a wait as the woman behind the counter ran food, refilled drinks, and took the orders.
Things I love about ATL:

-The wings are crispy and there is variety aplenty (salivating seasoned ones, yum)
-The side dishes (mac n cheese bites, okra, and sweet potato fries to name a few)
-The fact that they allow all flats and mixing & matching in increments of 5
-The fried desserts
-The kool-aid

Things I don't love: 

-The fact that I have to wait so long for my food, even after calling in my order to prevent that very occurrence
-The automatic %18 gratuity that is added despite the fact orders are placed at the counter and there are no servers
-The stomachache I get every time I dine here (fried/greasy/fattening=delicious, but ultimately leads to discomfort)

Things I think could make it better:

-Table games. Cards, dominoes, chess! Something to ease the 45 minute wait.
-Table side tubs of tums
This is HANDS DOWN the best wings in the Phoenix area!  No other place compares so if you want the best chicken wings come here.  Catfish and the owner's grandma coleslaw recipe are amazing as well.  Expect the service to be slow but they take care of you and it is well worth the wait.  There is no comparison for the best wings in Phoenix!
I ordered chicken wings to go and it took forever. We had been the first in line when we entered and it took over 25 minutes for our food. So, obviously super Slow service. They charge you if you want more than one container of sauce. Really sad and pathetic celery with my wings. The wings tasted decent. I don't know what the big rave about this place was though.
After my favorite wings place closed down (NY boyz subs n wings), I tried the next winner of the Wingstock challenge. 
It's a little bit out of the way for me, but it was well worth the trip there. 
The chicken is incredibly crispy and juicy, the mac and cheese bites are amazing. The jalepeno poppers were my least favorite (honestly, Jack in the box does it better), but the size of the jalepenos are hefty and well worth the price.
The honey biscuits are the BEST, if I were to come back here again, I would come back for the honey biscuits rater than the wings. It was soft, sweet, hot and delicious. 
It's a little bit on the expensive end, but it's a good alternative from places like hooters.
So I was going to head over to Buffalo Wild Wings yesterday with my wife and daughter, then I remember hearing about ATL Wings from a from, and thought I would give it a shot. 

Let's just say I won't be going to the other place anymore. 

Not only were the wings the best I've had, I came back the next day to get my coworkers ( and myself) some for lunch, and the owner remembered my name and what I had the day before when I asked for sauce suggestions. 

Anyway, best wings, great people!
I've passed this place since it opened, assuming it was just the latest crappy franchise wing place to pop up. 

That was dumb. I didn't know it was humanly possible to find wings this good anymore. Perfect crispy outside, perfect moist and tender inside, and your choice of over a dozen sauces ranging from the common to the unexpected. If you're anywhere near ATL Wings, go and get some awesome wings. 

Tony Bourdain would appreciate their mastery of the fryolated arts. Wings? Awesome. Fried okra? Fantastic. Every other fried thing I've tried? Good to great. The celery served with the wings is pretty sad, but I don't personally buy wings for the vegetables.
I have been seeing my friends check-ins to this place and have always wanted to try it. I went with my friend Monica and ordered 10 wings; lemon pepper and the other half were hot with some sweet tea. The sweet tea was way too sweet so I'm assuming the kool aid is also, yes they have kool aid!! I usually get my wings from long wongs which only takes cash so it can be a pain. I loved this place!!!  Loved that even though I only ordered 10 wings I could do split flavors , and they were crispy wings and great flavor. I wish there was a location here in tempe so I can go here for lunch
Love this place! The wings are crispy and huge. You got to try the Cajun hot if you like spicy wings and the seasoned are really good too. Tried the catfish sandwich on this trip was surprised that it came on regular sliced bread. It didn't matter though the catfish itself was cooked perfect. I bought a bottle of the Cajun hot sauce and threw it on there...so good.
I bought a few gift cards from my work for a few restaurants because they finally got rid all the restrictions, including an automatic 18% gratuity. ATL Wings was one of them.

We checked out their website before going there for dinner. For me, I am able to judge a company's professionalism by taking a glance at what promotes them on the web. In addition, we wanted to see what the menu looked like. The website is pretty basic but what bothered me were all the spelling and grammar mistakes. Plus it looked like something a complete amateur put together. The menu looked...decent, although everything seemed fried.

We made our way down to the establishment and found it in a worn down shopping area of Chandler. It's a small joint with a handful of tables, which many were full of people. However it didn't seem overly clean. The empty tables and chairs had pieces of food on them from earlier customers and the floor wasn't any better.  I was able to overlook the uncleanliness due to all the people who seemed to be enjoying their food. As we were waiting in line, I noticed a sign that says they will charge an 18% gratuity for any parties over five. Really!?  This isn't even a place where you have actual servers! It's a fast food joint! I think the owners think their establishment is fancier than it truly is. Even though there were only about 4 people in front of us, the wait was nearly 20 minutes just to place an order! It seemed a bit ridiculous. Even with the long line the girl behind the register actually stepped away to get the cooks more sauces. Shouldn't the cooks be doing this?  We finally placed our order; two 6 wing combos and a side of the mac and cheese bites. I handed her our gift certificate and this is where things really start going downhill for us. She was charging me the old 18% gratuity that should have been removed from their system; these restrictions were lifted.  Also, we had already used a couple of the other gift certificates for other restaurants and weren't charged any gratuity. This means the memo was sent out and either the owner of ATL Wings never read it or just ignored it. Based on another reviewer saying that the employees admitted they don't get any of the tips, I'm pretty sure it's the latter. I'm sorry, is this place owned by Amy from Amy's Bakery!? You don't tip out your employees if you're charging tips? Unbelievable...the arrogance of some restaurant owners really shocks me.
After trying to explain to the girl that we should not be paying any gratuity the girl said she had to charge it but would remind the owner of the change. Not wanting to seem like a jerk we just paid it and sat down.

After about 10 minutes we finally got our food. If you order a soda don't expect refills because they don't have a soda machine, they just have a bunch of cans in a fridge which you have to pay for individually. Otherwise they have Kool-Aid, that's...interesting. I can see having this available maybe if this was some sort of a children's eatery place like Chuck E. Cheese or Peter Piper pizza, but otherwise I don't see why having an overly sugary punch is so great.
I had the Honey BBQ wings and my boyfriend got the Cajun BBQ wings. They came with ranch, tiny celery sticks and fries. I will say the fries were actually really good! I think they tasted better than anything else we had. The wings were...okay. They had flavor! It's just that we were expecting them to be way better, as if there was going to be this huge WOW factor involved due to the ratings on Yelp. There was nothing special about these wings. In fact, our normal wing place is Native New Yorker and I definitely like theirs much better. At NNY there is a large variety to choose from; more unique, fun flavors verses ATL wings that seem to have just hotter versions of others. In addition, NNY allows you to mix as many flavors as you like. So if you want one wing of every flavor, they'll do it! Not at ATL. At least for the combos, you only get to pick one flavor. Come on, that's the best part of wings; trying multiple flavors! 
My wings seemed a bit over cooked, as the outsides were too crunchy for me.  While their wings were decent enough the mac and cheese bites were absolutely awful! They were square shaped with overly flat bottoms. This tells me they are bought and frozen, and then deep fried when ordered. So they're not even making them fresh. This explains why these particular appetizers are terribly bland. There is absolutely zero seasoning. I ate one and my boyfriend had a bite of another, the rest were thrown in the trash. What a waste!

The quality here is extremely low, and I'm really surprised this place is being raved about on Yelp. I would highly suggest trying Native New Yorker; we go to the one in Ahwatukee off of Ray and the I-10. At least here you'll get true service, with much better quality, free refills, and where multiple flavors of wings can be ordered.
Really good wings! Definitely more pricy than other places, but wings are huge. Good flavor and cooked just right. Food takes a while to come out, but you can't rush perfection. Staff was decently friendly but thats why I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5.
UPDATE!!! Lowering my review to 1 star, I'd give zero stars if I could. I explained in my first review how I purchased a gift certificate through my work's discount program for employees and a newly changed policy is to no longer charge the 18% gratuity. However when I came to ATL Wings on Friday they forced me to pay that gratuity. My work contacted them about illegally charging me and ATL Wings actually gave push back! Now keep in mind the company I work for is not some tiny little nothing business; it's the largest corporation in the world for it's industry and ATL Wings is so arrogant they think this may not effect them. Let me tell you ATL Wings, in my building alone, I work with nearly 2000 people, who most of which reside in Mesa, Gilbert, and Chandler; word of mouth is a very powerful tool. This restaurant is now being reported to www.Restaurant.com to be taken off of the program for employees to purcahse gift certificates! Clearly they have no respect for their customers. They only want as many dollars as they can get, even if this means going against contracts they sign with other companies and ignoring policies that are given.
Wings were not bad,I had honey habenero(not hot at all,pass if you want heat) had Cajun hot (def packs some heat) the bad part about it they charge 50 cents to split flavors,wth????.try the fried okra and spicy tator tots awesome.The celery sticks??? went directly to the trash(not worth eating).The wait wasnt long on a thursday prob 15 minutes in and out of the door.Wont be going out of my way for this place
Just like most reviews on here say, these wings are delicious! I have tried about 8 of the flavors, all were great. They Cajun Hot were the best ones out there. The reason a star in lost is because of the customer service there. The cashiers are all nice and friendly. They people in back are always giving the worst looks to the customers. Oh well. It tastes good. A little bit higher on the price scale, but the wind size makes up for it.
LAST UPDATE!!!  I got an email from restaurant.com this morning, it's official! Since ATL Wings doesn't know how to respect  their customers and they ignored their contract and policies with restaurant.com, they have been removed from the discount program. I was allowed to get another certificate to a different restaurant in exchange for the hassle we went through. 

ATL Wings, my employer gave you the opportunity to fix this but you decided that it's more important to overcharge your customers with invalid fees just so you can keep the extra cash. You took the gamble and you lost on this one.
OH MAN! These wings were DELICIOUS!! Extreme honey habanero. LOVED the flavor. And I am so impressed with how they are cooked. Nice and crispy, but not overcooked and not greasy at all. JUST YUMMY! And the gals who helped me at the counter were just darling!! Really good service and super, super sweet. 
The mac and cheese bites weren't anything to write home about... the cheese just isn't good. But hey, what do you want for $2.99? They were tasty, but not to die for by any means. Jalapeño poppers the same thing... just okay. But I would definitely recommend this place for the wings. And I can't wait to go back and try the fish! The gal that worked there raved about it. OH! And I want to try the fried okra! MMMMMMMMMMMM...
Sketchy on the outside, but as they say, it's what's on the inside that counts.
I had a 10 piece wing combo plate with 2 sauce choices; Honey Habanero and Citrus Chipotle.
The wings were drowning in sauce.  Soooo juicy and delicious.  The chicken is cooked perfectly.  Not too greasy, cooked through, the chicken was moist and tender.  You will not leave here hungry.  These wings had some meat on them.  I will be going back to try all 18 flavors.
Love the selection of bottomless Kool-Aid flavors.  I also had the (made from scratch) sweet corn bites.  I think they were made with grits inside which made them sweet as pie.
ATL Wings is our new go-to place for wings.  They are way better than Long Wong's and they accept credit/debit cards.  We used to order wings every week from Pizza Hut  but recent changes to their pricing forced us to look elsewhere.  We tried Long Wong's and those were good but ATL's wings are GREAT.   ATL has a bunch of flavors to choose from.  Of course there is traditional hot which is what Cristina orders nearly every time. I like BBQ variations and ATL has three... Honey BBQ, Hot BBQ and Cajun BBQ.     The Cajun BBQ is a PERFECT blend of spicy with just a taste of sweet.  My first order I had half/half Honey and Cajun and while the honey BBQ was good I was wishing I had ordered all Cajun.  So good I couldn't stop eating until I ran out.. 

ATL also has other menu items that I did not pay much attention to but if those other items are as good as their wings, we will be eating here often.  The only other thing we tried were the fries which were good too.
I have heard a lot of things about this place so I figured I would give it a try seeing as its just down the street from my house. From looking at the outside you could almost question if this place is even open just for the fact the windows are so tinted and the shopping center it is in. Once you get inside it looks much better, the restaurant while it is small, it was very clean and welcoming. We ordered our food (we tried the garlic parm and honey habanero wings, along with the fried catfish). I agree with the other reviews that their service time is very slow when we first arrived we were the only ones in there and it still took us almost 25min to get our food however the employees were very friendly.
I would say the wings were up to par while they were very meaty they weren't amazing in flavor the fried catfish was very good and it a was a very large piece of fish which made it worth the $4.99. Overall I would say their wings were good a little over priced for what they are in my opinion and nothing I could see myself craving in the future but worth going back.
Great place when you want great wings and not a lot of frills or ambience. Carved out in a mostly empty strip mall area. But they are always busy. 

So many favors to choose from, I think there are 18? You can't find that variety anywhere else. I'm always true to the honey BBQ whenever I order wings, and ATL does them well. Once I overheard someone at another table talking about the seasoned wings and how he orders them every time. 

So, my next visit I tried the seasoned and WOW, they are good! Now I get them every time as well. I don't know what the seasoning is, but it is so good. I think they are dipped in butter too. Yummy! The great thing about ATL is that you can order your wings in different flavors in multiples of 6. Now I order 6 seasoned and 6 honey BBQ. Perfect. 

I love the crispness of their wings and they are always piping hot to your table. I have had the special of six wings, fries and a soda for 6.99. Great value and the fries are good. I'm not too happy about their soda in cans. I'd rather have a fountain drink with ice. They do have KoolAid as an alternative though. 

I couldn't give them 5 stars because my husband ordered chicken fingers as he doesn't like anything on the bone. they weren't anything special. It seemed like something they picked up at Costco. Not worth ordering again. But that is not their specialty...his loss, right?

It seems that every time I have been there that there is at least one person whom ordered to go and ended up pulling up to a table to eat because they just couldn't wait to dig in. 

They are that good!
Food was delicious. Honey biscuits are excellent as well. I had the citrus chipotle and Cajun hot wings and thought they were amazing.  Service was also very good, the ladies there were very nice and polite. Would recommend!
Food was delicious! Owners are awesome! Koolaid is super sweet just the way I like it! Even though its a drive  I'll be back for sure.
The reviews are correct! The wings ARE amazing. What's NOT amazing is the hospitality of the owner. When my husband suggested she hire more register/phone help (we held for over SIX minutes to place our takeout order), she told him that the register/phone was her job and that's the way she did it. He said that he found her through Yelp and that all the reviews of the food were good, but he almost hung up and ate elsewhere. She flatly told him she didn't care about that. She had her repeat customers and they would come back not matter what. Sorry, not us.
The atmosphere leaves much to be desired, but be patient because the wings are worth it! The sauces were great, not too hot but enough to give a good kick. Everything is made fresh so it takes some time, don't expect to be in a hurry at ATL. The wings are meaty and the sides are great! It is worth the trip to Chandler.
I just don't even know where to begin...this is my happy place! I am from the south and this place is as legit as it gets when it comes to the wings! It's our usual go-to on Tuesday after work for .50 cent wings! It's so hard to stray away from honey habanero and the seasoned wings - just amazing and the texture is perfection. They also recently revamped their menu. It's been simplified and some of the items are less expensive. My only point of criticism is their catfish, but with that said, I am from Mississippi and no one here makes catfish correctly. Cornmeal, salt and pepper. That's it. No seasoning salt, flour, egg wash or any other business. Keep it simple and true to form if you claim that it's "Southern Style," Overall, this is one of my favorite places in the valley!
Oh my goodness, I have a new fav wing place! The wings were well cooked and seasoned. The sauce didn't drown the flavor of the chicken, just enhanced it. And their fried catfish sandwich was simply delicious. My family loved it and this our new wing spot indeed!
Very impressed after my first visit. Came here with a friend on his recommendation, we both got six wings, fries and a drink. I had honey barbecue and it was much better than any hb wings I'd ever had. It had a bit of spice and wasn't overly sweet like most hb sauces are. Fries went great with the leftover sauce, can't wait to go back and try another of the countless sauces and rubs! It's a bit far from my apartment but I'll definitely return.
So, about a year ago I stumbled upon this place when I had a massive craving for wings and google searched for nearby places that had them. I'm a fan of wings in general and Teakwoods is generally my go-to place to get awesome wings, but this place was open and close by so I figured I'd give it a try. 

OMG, I am so glad I did! When you walk in they have big, legible signs that tell you exactly what they have so you don't have to go through menus or guess around. The front staff is super nice and can help with suggestions if you've never eaten there before. They make the sauces fresh and even though it does take a little time it is WELL worth the wait!

The chicken wings themselves are HUGE compared to most wings you get anywhere else and the sauces are sooo good! You can tell they really take pride in making their product #1! They also have fried fish which looks delicious but I can never save enough room to ever try it. Here's the bonus to top it all off: They have Kool-Aid on fountain! Who else is awesome enough to have Kool-Aid? No one!

They are my new favorite go-to place for wings. If you have a craving for amazing wings and want to try something new try ATL, you will NOT be disappointed!

**Update** I finally got around to trying the breaded tilapia- it's awesome. ATL can do no wrong!
Awesome place! Went here last night with 8 ppl and got our orders right away!!! Staff was friendly!
The wings here are just awesome.  So so good.  Lots of meat and they get them super crispy.  I had the extreme honey habanero, the atl style and the hottest they had (i believe called extreme or toxic).  All were amazing.  The atl are a dry rub and just have a great saltiness to them.  The honey habanero are a great mix of sweet and really hot.  The toxic were a a blazing hot buffalo.  Lips numbs, nose running and very very satisfied.  Will be going back.
The location is great, clean, friendly and seating for 25 or more. I ordered Honey Habanero and Hot chicken wings, with a side of Fried Mac & Cheese bites. The staff was very friendly answered a few questions and delivered my food with a smile. 

The wings smelled delicious. The aroma of the traditional Hot is one of my favorite food associated smells. The HH wings had a complex mixture that begged investigation.  The flavor mixture of Honey and Habanero was a real treat. Not too spicy but smooth to boot.

For people on the East Side of the Valley this is worth a stop. No hesitation making the recommendation here!
Bomb ass wings! Yummy ATL style fries and free refills on drinks? Ftw! So glad we came here today! As soon as we walked in we were greeted with a smile and the cashier kindly explained the specials and all the popular flavors. I ordered the honey habanero and garlic Parmesan wings with. Side of ATL style fries and Mac n cheese bites! Finger lickin' good! Will definitely come back here to try the other flavors, but def more of the honey habanero! Also if you join the text club you get 60 cent wings ever Tuesday! Yay! :-)
We love our wings and have tried just about everywhere in the East Valley. Our search ended with ATL Wings!! We have been ordering wings from ATL for about a year now and have enjoyed every delicious wing. We have tried several of their recipes and our favorites are the Garlic Parm, the ATL style and the Sweet & Tangy. My hubby has always ordered his wings "naked"  with sauce on the side because he "likes to taste the chicken, not just the sauce", until he tried my wings from ATL. The wings are always perfectly cooked, nice and crispy. And for people like my hubby, the dry rub flavors are a perfect choice! While we have never dined-in, when placing our order the service over the phone is always pleasant and helpful and when picking up our order the service in person is more of the same. The place is small and isn't easily found as it is in a very small strip mall. The establishment has always been clean and busy when I have been there and the food has always been ready and hot when I arrive. I have told several people about this place and they have all agreed with me.....For anyone craving truly yummy chicken wings, ATL is a must!!!
I love wings & this place sure does it up right! Called in 20 mins before they closed for a 60 wing to-go order. Picked up order 5 mins before closing and everything was done perfectly. The woman was friendly when she answered and was happy to take my order.

Wings: Go with the ATL style (dry rub.) Savory, delectable and excellent seasoning.

Sides: Mac & Cheese bites - crispy on the outside and rich cheesy yumminess! Fried Okra is awesome too (If you get this, eat it there it doesn't travel very well.) 

Dessert: Honey Biscuits - just give them a try, they may not sound like much but they are really good.

FYI: On orders large orders you will have to pay with a CC over the phone so be aware they will require that. I would also go with the take-out order method as they are always crazy busy.
Atl has some very good wings. They are a nicely sized with enough meat and the right amount of sauce. I was full off a dinner of 9 wings and shared cheese fries. They don't have a lot of people working so you might have to wait while one person juggles taking orders, answering phones, and bringing plates to tables.  Aside from this, the workers are very nice.  My only other complaint is while the exterior of the wings had a perfect crisp, the center wasn't hot  enough (temperature) to my liking. Still, I'd def considering driving out here to get my wings fix.
Best wings in town! You won't be disappointed. They are cooked to perfection and the flavors pop in your mouth.
My first visit. Wings were good. Service ok. Catfish not good but it is a wing place. I had the ATL seasoned wings. They were tasty but a bit salty. The cashier had a unwelcoming demeanor but she stayed on top of everyone's orders. I would go back for the wings and fries.
Was intrigued by the name and the rating they have. Drove by a few times but had never been in. Wished I had gone sooner.

The place is a no-nonsense, bare-bones wing shop. But they do it well. Very Well. They have 18 flavors to pick from and you can go with regular or boneless. I went with Honey-Habenaro wings and they were great. Big, meaty wings - fired up crisp under a sauce with just the right amount of kick. They do have an extreme version that i may have to try. Price was good for the food amount.

they do have a few other menu items in fried shrimp plate and some chicken sandwiches but not sure why you would want to have that instead of the amazing wings. I will definitely be back to try the ATL style and some other flavors
We could not have been more impressed! We rarely write reviews but we were so blown away that we had to ask names. Tasha was so friendly and sweet. And Mike, who offered us free wings to sample the incredible "ranch" wings (and they really were amazing!), is the owner! You will not only INHALE the awesome wings but feel so completely warm-welcomed!
Had 10 of the honey habanero wings along with the spicy ATL fries.  The wings were excellent - among the best I've ever had anywhere.  They were liberally sauced and very meaty.  I've always liked Native New Yorker's wings, but they are so tiny and thin, you feel like you're being ripped off.  ATL Wings are both better in taste and size.  The spicy fries were excellent as well. Prices are reasonable. I took my order to go, but everything inside looked clean.

The service was quick (about 10 minutes from placing my order to receiving it) and everyone was very friendly.  This is a good find for me. I will likely be back at least once a week now that I've found this place.
Some of the best wings in town! I always get medium but I've tried other flavors and they are all really good!
I'm SO happy I found ATL wings.  This is my go to spot for GREAT wings.  You can get wings almost anywhere (Buffalo Wild Wings, Native New Yorker, etc.) but if you want AWESOME GREAT wings, ATL is the place.   I've been going to ATL now for a little over a year and I swear the food and the service is consistently GREAT every time.  I typically go for 10 wings, which I split half Honey BBQ and Half ATL Style (Seasoned).  I've tried several other flavors and they are ALL delicious but these Honey BBQ and ATL Style are my favorites.  On Tuesday's they have a 60 cent wing special, so sometimes I bump my order up to 12 wings on those days. there are also other tasty items on the menu.  The honey biscuits are must try!  

This place doesn't only offer up GREAT food but their service is out of this world.  
I can't say enough about the great service.  It's true that it may take a while for your order to be ready but like the sign says in front of the store, "You can't rush food that taste this good!"  If you don't want to wait around for your order, just give them a call and order about 10-15 minutes ahead. They will be ready with your order and a smile when you arrive.  I Get a smile and a welcome (by name) every single time I step into the restaurant.  They really make you feel special and at home.  It's like the neighborhood bar where everyone knows your name.  I usually do take out but I'd recommend eating in for your first time, because I guarantee you will want to order more after you have your first round.
Great wings, great fries, great customer service! Best wing place I've found in the valley!
Awesome little restaurant!! Best wings we have every had, and we search for good wings!! The people who work here are super nice and the service is amazing!!
Okay, soooo.. if you looked at their menu and thought the shrimp dinner, the pork tenderloin sandwich, the corn fritter things, or any of the other specials on the sign they hang out front looked good, don't bother. I feel like every time I go to ATL wings they've retired something new because it "wasn't selling" and it's just a bit of a disappointment.

My boyfriend likes their wings. He's addicted. But if you don't like wings - admittedly I'm not a huge fan, but he's so enthusiastic that I don't like saying we shouldn't eat there - just get a salad and hope they haven't retired that, too.
I joined a couple of my coworkers for lunch today at ATL wings and am so glad I did! The wings were absolutely amazing! 
I have to say I am very surprised that people have mentioned a bad experience with the people who work here. They were so friendly to me; going above and beyond to provide great service. The restaurant was clean. And most importantly, our food came out within 10 minutes. 
To the person who said they should be in west phoenix or better yet ATL, you should be ashamed of yourself! ATL Wings- I'm glad you are there and hope you will expand and add more locations.
Located on warner, west of country club. I got lost in the shopping center looking for it.

I am not sure if it was because I was so hungry or not, but these wings were the best I have ever had! I did 10pc so I could have two flavors; BBQ honey and mild.  So. Amazing.  Really spicy though. They let me sample the sauces before I bought them. 
Also, they have koolaid on tap! Epic! 

I would have give 5 stars but there were some issues.. our fries came out 25 mins after the rest of our order, and it was super busy, so it took a long time to get our food. I recommend calling ahead and ordering during busy times.  Lastly, I noticed one of the employees eating off the prep line. That's kinda gross.  I should knock it down to 3 stars but they were so damn delicious!

Oh, one more thing: the whole place is lit with only red lights, so food looks really different. I am not sure how I feel about that. I used my flashlight on my phone to inspect things.
Great wings! As a Buffalo native, I've found my new favorite wing place. Thank you ATL!!!
This is a great wing place if you are in the Chandler area.  The have a steady business, and the key is the sauce.  They have a ton of sauces to choose from.  The two I tried were Honey Habanero and Citrus Chipotle.  Both are bright and have a good flavor.  The honey sauce is nice and sweet with a touch of heat, similar in consistency to a teriyaki sauce but with much better flavor.  They also have a very moist lemon cake, which is nice for summer.  The red lights are a unique touch.  This place is a local diamond in the rough for wings, and I would recommend everyone to stop by and grab some.
Very very good wings! Huge, meaty wings with crispy skin and just the right about of sauce. Biggest complaint is that online menu does not match real menu. Prices are different. Also they now only sell wings and fries. None of the other sides mentioned online or the fried fish or sandwich options. Also, ordered the atl style fries which were really just fries. Didn't taste any hint of extra spices in them. 

Tried three flavors of wings:
-honey habenero - sweet but spicy. This was a thick and sticky sauce. It was great to dip the fries in
-Cajun hot - a drier sauce. Pretty spicy but still flavorful
-cirrus chipotle - maybe my favorite of the three. Also sweet but with just a little kick. Probably could have been just a tad spicier. 

Place does a great business. Plan to wait for your wings but it's worth it.
Um how did I drive past this place forever and never go in?

Pretty much the best wings I've ever had. I'm picky when it comes to food, especially when I know how easy it is to prepare it correctly with real ingredients. ATL Wings did not disappoint! We tried the Parmesan garlic, mild and ATL style wings. Do yourself a favor and take the cashiers recommendation - get all your wings ATL style! The flavor is amazing, perfect balance between herbs, spices and a tiny bit hot. The mild flavor is vinegary, just like how homemade sauce should be and Parmesan garlic is very good as well!

We came early Friday afternoon, place was clean and got our food in about ten minutes. Everyone was very friendly. Soda, tea and kool aid are your choice of drink. 

This place is awesome and on my list now!
Love the wings!! 18 different flavors, Kool-aid from the fountain!! No place compares to the wings from here. Customer service from CeCe and wings cooked by Pablo! All I can say is thank you Lord!
So, ATL wings is not close to our house, but its very close to the school my wife teaches at. We are both wing fans (the food of course, not the stinkin' hockey team. Go Hawks!), but hadn't ventured to many places in the Valley. I was Yelping for a dinner option when she mentioned it again. Wings sounded damn good, so off we went.  

Let me start with the food. We ordered 18 wings with Honey BBQ, ATL Style, and Classic Hot. I liked them all, but the ATL Style was the real winner. I've never been a big fan of dry wings, but I usually test a place out by trying their featured dish/flavor. They were so good, I doubt I'll get around to ever trying another flavor. Salt & Spices, Vinegar and some kind of awesomeness.  

The wings are not breaded, plenty large, and cooked nice and crispy. We did a combo, so we got a large fountain drink and fries. The fries were solid, hot dog stand quality fries. Next time I'll get the ATL flavored fries too. I should also mention, they had 3 flavors of Kool-Aid available as well. 

Place is clean. It was busy (Wednesday night). It took a while to get our food, but you could tell these are freshly made and not pre-made then tossed in sauce. 

I've seen some complaints about adding gratuity. The sign said for tables of 5 or more. I don't totally get that, but who cares. It's a take out place with a few tables. The red lighting and excessive carnival signs are a bit odd, but not enough to drop a star.
To begin the wings are good but could be better chicken was over cooked. The sauces are tasty, the service needs improvement, not only did  I wait for twenty minutes for my order I sat there while my party ate their wings. First they brought out the wrong  wings followed by salad I never ordered. And when they finally brought my food the young lady gave me an attitude for asking her to take my tray back with her. " I don't want she said" a customer sitting next to my table  looks over and shakes his head. Restaurant owners if you make a mistake on someone's order which happens don't add the attitude on top of it. ATL Wing on Warner you just lost a customer.
Probably some of the best wings I have ever had. My favorite sauce is the Honey Habanero.

My wife and I ended up going when there was a special (60 cent wings), delicious and cheap :).

If you want to try out multiple flavors they do have a rule that a flavor can be applied to every 3 wings which is pretty good and allows you to try a lot of flavors quickly.

Overall the wings were crispy, and delicious and will definitely come back.
Hands down the best wings I have had in my life. Im a huge wing advocate and have tried numerous places. I read the reviews which was enough to spark interest. This place had it all, great drinks, great atmosphere, phenomenal customer service, and of course, the best wings.
I ordered boneless wings, disappointed they were processed meat like nuggets.
I might give this place another try, probably order something else.
So....for dinner tonight we decided on wings and tuned to Yelp to direct us to the best wings in the area. ATL wings was on the top of the list. My husband made the drive and came back with some DELICIOUS wings. He order mild, Cajun spicy and bacon cheddar (Yes, I said BACON CHEDDAR) and I have to say they were amazing. We will totally be returning for more wings. AWESOME!!!
Just had to write an update. This is still my favorite place in the whole valley for wings. I have tried most of the flavors now and my favorite is definitely the seasoned, I get them every time.
Great menu. Great service. Clean. Prompt. Extremely friendly. Owner interacts with customers to insure satisfaction with service & meal. They have sweet potato fries! They have a mean fried biscuit served with powdered sugar or cinnamon that is to die for that surprisingly complemented the wings.
Came here with a group of co-workers for lunch one day. Place was packed and we were lucky to find an empty table. I got half honey habanero and half citrus chipotle. Interesting flavors but both were a little on the sweet side. No matter - there are plenty more flavors to choose from. I figured we'd be back another time to try more flavors but one of our co-workers got shafted by this place big time. First off, they never called his order. When he finally flagged a server about it, she went to fix the problem but then he was given the wrong order - somebody else's order maybe but not what HE ordered. When they finally brought the correct order, the server served up such an attitude I had to wonder what he did/said to her when he ordered to deserve any of it. Who knows? He might have secretly goosed her when she was walking by or tried to harass her for her number while ordering at the counter. I'm just speculating and trying to figure out an explanation because it almost seems like he was singled out for such treatment and the server acted like she despised him in a way that was personal. The other woman at the counter who seemed to be running things was actually very pleasant about everything so who knows - maybe that particular server was just having a bad day. Whatever the case it ruined our chances for coming back because from now on if someone mentions ATL Wings as a lunch possibility for our group lunch gathering, there will definitely be a veto.
Tried it for the first time the other day, the wings are awesome. Staff is really friendly. Koolaide is a plus. (The ranch wings are the best!)
My husband and I have been searching for a great wing place for years. We finally decided to try ATL Wings, it was kind of a drive but holy cow was it worth it! They have the best wings we've ever tasted!! We ordered 18 wings and decided to try Honey Habanero, ATL Style and the Chef Special. All were delicious! I was actually scraping the sauce from the dish it was so good! We have definitely found our go to wing spot, thank you ATL Wings! We love you!!
Would love to give this place 5 stars but just cannot since to get 5 stars they would have to provide celery and carrots with their wing orders.  Other than that little thing everything here is great. 18 different flavors of wings.  The dry rub ATL are great as well as the citrus chipotle as my top two.  A unique item is kool aid for the kids. Decor is sparse but the food is great.
I've never heard of this place before, but its new and its here so I decided to give it at try.

Wow... The chicken strips are delicious! Reasonably priced and good food... I'll definitely be back!

Pictures to follow...
It is better then kfc. Very fresh and affordable they lure people in with free samples of the yummy chicken tenders.  They also have a yummy sauce called grandma sauce mashed potatoes taste homeade with great gravy go there is you are at the Pallazo foodcourt it is by the canal shoppes.
Food is 5 stars. Pricing... 3 stars. A little on the expensive side, but once you realize it's VEGAS... and heck, the Palazzo/Venetian... food price ain't that bad.

I had the little meal box with fries and texas toast... DELICIOUS! Grandma sauce is tasty as well. I will be here again next time I'm in Vegas, for sure.
We wanted a snack before we get buffet later on that night so we stumbled upon here

[+] we got samples of the chicken tenders and boy, was that a good choice on their part b/c we ended up getting 20 pieces!
[+] the chicken tenders are amazing and were actually tender!
[+] ordered 20 pieces and we got around 24 pieces

The chicken was pretty delicious and if we're ever around the area, we'll probably get it again.
I don't usually write reviews of chains this large, but I had to mention this place.  I came to Venetian late in the morning, close to 10 AM.  But, I wanted breakfast.  Looked through the choices at the food court on the 2nd floor and was underwhelmed.  Decided to try chicken and waffles at this place.  Very glad I did.  You got 2 enormous waffles and 3 thick chicken strips for $12.99.  The chicken was breast pieces and was clearly not formed.  The breading is crispy but not greasy or overly thick.  While the chicken was great with the waffles, I preferred it more with the spicy grandma sauce.  I don't know what's in this stuff, but I wish they would bottle and sell it so I can put it on everything.  Highly recommended, and although the price is high, you got a lot of food for the money.  And, it's the Strip, it's par for the course.
Friendly service.
Chicken strips are pretty good.
MONSTER FRIES are NOT GOOD. it is not even close to a monster nor close to the picture on the menu board. It has 3 bites of bacon and tiny bit of cheese, I had to ask for more cheese. It was disappointed.
I felt some bones while eating..it was also very oily. Fries were bad and too oily too. :/
I wanted a snack before a company outing. This place is a little expensive for what you're really getting. 

The chicken is not bad: it is very moist on the inside. They do, however, sacrifice the crispiness on the outside to ensure that the inside is not dry. 

All in all, a good quick place for a quick bite.

Best advice: SKIP THE MASHED POTATOES as a side. Not sure what kind of gravy they use but it was worse than store-bought/reheated gravy.
Sadly enough, last night was the final night I visit this location of Chicken Now! Since dining at this exact establishment over the past 2 years I decided Chicken Now no longer deserves my business. 

I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly! The employees do not look happy anymore, the quality of food has decreased, the friendly frequent visit card has disappeared, employee meals have increased from $5 to $6.49 with less on the plate. When management is questioned as to why the prices were raised. He states... I've done my homework. Well, so have I as well as a lot of other employees. The other food court options, give us 50% off on select dates without shrinking the portions, include certain percentages off for other dates, have bonus items, as well as value our business. 

The taste of the food is good at Chicken Now but raising prices and slashing quantity can only mean one thing..... Someone needs to do some true homework! 

I hope that when you visit Chicken Now you think about the other restaurants surrounding you and get what you pay for. Customer service is also KEY!
Stopped in for a quick lunch that ended up taking a LONG time! If you like chicken strips this place is decent enough. The strips are very large and taste good. The macaroni and cheese and mashed potatoes side dishes are not good. Really hard toes either of them up but they managed to do it with gusto. 

The real issue other than the bad side dishes is the wait. This is a fast food place. It took around 20 minutes for them to toss three chicken strips into a styrofoam tray. We were even there during the busy part of 
Lunch either. Just seems excessive for a fast food restaurant.
I was staying in the hotel so I decide to come to the food court to grab a quick bit after my flight. I walked around the food court and this place caught my eye since I haven't seen it in the city before. There wasn't a line so I thought it would be fairly quick since I saw three people working in the food area. I guess they do take their time making your meal because it took me awhile to get my food. I only ordered the crispy chicken sandwich and the meal with tender and fries. I like that there's dipping sauce for the tenders, rand or bbq and I got both. I was looking forward to the sandwich because I was really hungry and it looked pretty good on the picture.  Needles to say the sandwich was a letdown, the bun was cold and there was just a piece of tomato with the chicken.  It also felt dry. From the appearance it looked massive so it got my excited but once it bit into it it felt like I was just eating bread so it wasn't worth the price. On the other hand I really like the chicken tenders and fries. The chicken was juicy and the amount of food was adequate. The fries were pretty good. I'm not sure what type of seasoning they used but it was tasty. There was also a sweet taste to it which I don't mind. 

If I'm in the area I would just go for their tenders and skip the sandwiches because it looks nothing like the picture.  This place is pricey but hey it's Vegas everything is pricey here.
My new favorite place for some good ole' fashion fried chicken. Good flavor, and cooked just right. Chicken combos, tenders, honey butter biscuits, red beans and rice, jalapeño poppers, french fries, onion rings, fried mac and cheese wedges, mashed potatoes and gravy.
CLOSED. Went by and it is no longer there, called headquarters and they have no active locations in AZ.
Yay, finally opened to the public
So I went in on their opening day. My receipt say customer #5, i really wanted to be #1, but oh well. They greeted me (good), but what got me is their knowledge on what they sell. the front cashier girl took like 10 mins to get my order right and in the computer. I know its the first day of work, but they need to train their staff a little more harder. 
The food is ehhhh. not the best or the same as the other church's in the valley. I was sad when i took the first bite. the fried skin was all old and soggy, the meat was old and not hot/fresh. 
I hope they fix this. Im a addicitve fan to this brand/company, church's is the best chicken place in vegas, nevada, and the west coast.
Great customer service but I had to explain my order 3x. How hard is it to punch in a number 1 spicy with mac and cheese? They also came out to sweep the floor during my visit. I would normally praise them for being clean but the girl kept putting her backside near and once on my table. I would have appreciated it normally but she was didnt have the backside to pull that off LOL.

The biscuits had a honey glaze I don't remember from the 90s but was still pleasantly refreshing. 

The spicy chicken had my nose running always a plus. The mac and cheese was great. Would have been nice to have a piece of corn on the cob but all in all a good experience
White meat or Dark meat, which is more expensive meat??? I hope your answer is white. 

Took 5-8 mins to take my order, and 10 mins for my food to come out. So their 2 or 3 piece combo is a mixed pieces. But I only wanted dark meat, the server says "i got to charge you extra for the dark meat". I was like WTH, seriously, charging me extra for a cheaper meat, whatever, got instead the tenders and the jalepeno bomber. Tenders were chewy and cold, and the bombers were good but they were falling apart, not crispy.

I like this church's for the location only, its better if i just make the extra mile drive to get some really GOOD church's chicken. 

Come on, they really need to shape up, if they want to be consider as the other church's chicken. Train the staff better, make the food better, make the service better, just make everything better.
Well decided to try the new Church's that just opened on Rainbow just north of Windmill. Granted its a new place and the crew is unseasoned but a 45 minute wait for chicken strips is a bit long. The manager was very apologetic and was trying to get the crew to work together but two huge orders just killed this place. The chicken strips were so small, i thought they were McDonald's chicken nuggets (but they did taste better) and they were kind of pricey, especially for what you get. Mashed potatoes & the biscuits were good but I think I prefer Popeyes better. I will give them another shot in a few months to see if they get their act together.
So it's been a while since I've been to a Church's, this one recently opened in our 'hood. I think I know why I stayed away so long. 
We used the drive thru for our order. Service time was reasonable. Staff was friendly and answered our questions. We ended up ordering an 8 peice Mixed Chicken Special, we asked to make sure that it included 2 breasts since that's what my husband likes. LOL. They assured us it would.
Well there was one breast so my hubby got screwed but he is willing to eat dark meat too. We got the chicken original style, so we could gauge how good the chicken is without heat. Well it was moist inside; crunchy outside, not too greasy but utterly tasteless. The mashed potatoes and gravy were worse than school cafeteria potatoes. The coleslaw was okay. The biscuits are super small, but they were the best thing we had. $15 for that, I'm sad.
 I will not be returning. Popeye's and KFC are better by far and that's not saying much.
Im a huge Popeyes chicken fan so it kills me to say this chicken is just slightly better in my opinion. 

The biscuits here are an acquired taste im not sure I like. They are honey glazed. Popeye's definitely has them beat on biscuits and sides. 

I may just have to go there to grab a red beans and rice, some biscuits and a mountain dew from the gas station so I can have a proper fried chicken lunch! 

Its worth a stop in and the customer service is improving since their first week open. I wish them nothing but success.
Part of the reason I go to a fast food drive-thru is because it's supposed to be fast. There were 4-5 cars ahead of me. It took us 25-30 minutes to get our food. We couldn't escape because we were trapped with other cars behind us. The wait is unacceptable for fast food standards. The food was alright but I'd rather go somewhere else where it's fast.
Tried them again, their serving sizes got a lot bigger. The chicken strips were actually strips this time and the food was fresh & hot. Service was a million times faster. I think they are ok, but their prices are a bit high still.
This was my first time ever eating at Church's chicken.  I will definitely not be going back.

I went through the drive thru and waited just over 10 minutes.  When she finally gave me the food, they forgot the jalapeno bombers I ordered and I had to go back.

I got the chicken sandwich combo.  Probably the tiniest chicken sandwich I've ever seen.  It was a thin, overcooked patty that was almost all breading.  It was hard and tasted like grease, not chicken.  The fries and jalapeno bombers both tasted like they'd been sitting under a heat lamp all day.

As I'm writing this an hour after eating, I still can't get the taste of grease out of my mouth.  Yeah, fast food is greasy, but everything I had a Church's had no flavor other than grease.  Next time I'm in the mood for chicken, I'll stick with Popeye's.
Went there on 8/13/12  Was the worst chicken we ever ate. After our first couple of bites my wife and i looked at each other and both said this chicken doesn't taste right. In fact it tastes like it was spoiled, we just threw the rest away. Was not planning on going back anyway, the service was just as bad as the chicken and its very expensive for what you get considering on those 3 blocks of rainbow there is cane's, Popeye's, albertsons, el pollo loco, and the worst church's. Now I know why its called Church's because you have to pray you don't get sick.
Came through the drive-thru for a quick fix-me-up. I got two pieces of chicken, and they are the best two pieces of fried chicken I have ever had. This place beats KFC, Max's, and Popeye's.

Only kicker is that it costs a little more!
I really don't know whats with the low ratings!
Church's is great! I love this one girl that works at the cash register. She is always smiling and is always so cheerful! The chicken here always comes out piping hot and juicy. In fact, everything that comes out of here just seems like it was made fresh for you! Doesn't feel like it's been sitting under a hot lamp for hours. Chicken skin is crispy, mashed potatoes with gravy is to die for, biscuits are fresh out of the oven, and the apple pie tastes like it came out of your grandmother's oven. Another big plus is the low price *cough* cheaper than KFC. They always seem to have a deal going on which I definitely appreciate.
There is no possible way that their chicken is better than Popeye's....or even KFC.  They once were contenders in my book before, but Church's fell waaaaaaaaaay off.  Too much grease on the inside of the pieces...even came across some fat blobs...not appealing at all.  In addition to this, the chicken pieces were cold - like they didn't get cooked all the way.
Biscuits and bombers were good while they were hot - great to snack on during the drive home.  That was about it.
I'm pretty sure I won't be coming back here again - at least not for chicken.
It has been awhile since I last had fried chicken.  As a matter of fact I haven't even tried Church's chicken either.  Picked some up today because my mother in law had a request some chicken for dinner.  

Came to this location since it was the closest to home.  As I recall, fried chicken, generally speaking of the main stream ones, are expensive.  I picked up a family meal of 15 pcs with 3 sides and bread rolls for $25.  Honestly, wouldn't come back to pay that much because I can get much better tasting meals at that price, but just fulfilling a request today.

Satisfactory customer service at this location.  Chicken-dark meat was crispy and hot when I got home, bread I must say was tastiest compared to other competitors, mash and cole slaw isn't nothing out of this world.  Was just too expensive for fried chicken.
Terrible!!  We went in this Church's a few weeks after they opened.  We were surprised at how dirty a restaurant that just opened could be!  Their employees were only interested in talking & laughing with each other so customers waited a long time for their orders.  And the chicken was terrible,   This is the first time we ever threw fried chicken away - it had a gamey taste.
I'm from Texas and I love fried chicken...I even have a peculiar affinity for Smith's fried chicken(just dry enough to accept lots of hot sauce.)

Soooo I go through drive through at 8PM and make a couple standard requests... okra?  fries? neither are available...and I finally ask what do you have.

Answer=nothing fried because we turned the fryers off because it's late in the day.
Obvious response=then how do you have fried chicken.
Answer=we made it earlier.
Obvious response=how much earlier.
Answer=after a long pause...10 minutes.
Obvious response=riiiiight...no thanks.

WoW!!!  This place just opened.  I expected so much more....like fried food.  Call me crazy.
Its new and Its good.
Stick with Popeye's. 

I ordered fried okras and the quality was not that great. I thought I was chewing on gum. The chicken had tons of fatty parts.
I love The Church! This is the only chicken spot of the big three that does not give me bubble gut itus. There has to be something in the batter with Popeyes and the colonel that has me wishing for death soon after eating their chicken. Church's so far has been friendly with my bowels. Fantastik!!!

I love their chicken, but I am forced to endure the constant disappointment with the service at this Church's Chicken.  It must have been a chore for the chicken technician to get some hot sauce the couple of times I asked for it.  Today I got my regular 2 piece and a biscuit w/ HOT SAUCE... I hurry home with the thoughts of Church's Chicken being devoured by my being with the essence of Louisiana hot sauce being inhaled through my nostrils. SHE THREW IN KETCHUP!!! CHEESE 'N RICE!!!
Like every Ben Stiller movie I have ever seen, this Church's Chicken is predictable in every way, not the slightest bit creative or imaginative, almost completely untalented, and almost painful to watch every...single...time.

I like this place for these reasons (which have more to do with the corporate franchise):
Location
Price
Product
Wi-Fi

I dislike this place for these reasons (which you might imagine as I have that has more to do with the franchise operator)
Long wait lines in Drive Thru
All personnel (including management) need better training.
One out of three times my order is wrong.

I added extra stars because I see a genuine desire by everyone at this place to work as hard as they are capable...but there just seems to be some kind of cultural disconnect here...like not a single person working here has ever eaten Church's Fried Chicken a day in their life, let alone run a Church's Chicken Franchise.

One recent example: Good advertising on television and banner media visible from the street retails a Fish and Fries special for $4.59 +$1 for Cole Slaw. At the drive thru, I had to +convince+ the cashier what I was trying to order...and the order was still wrong.

Is the cashier untrained? Probably not. Is she unfriendly? No. But I imagine the management needs to spend more creative energy to make specials more...ooh I don't know... CLEAR to employees?

On another occasion, although my order was correct, I had no condiments included despite asking for them. Really? Ten minutes in the drive thru EvERy time...and no condiments. Really...what are you doing?

In summary, I like this place, and there are rough spots. Nobody here has an unsteady energy flow, and everyone seems nice. I am almost certain this franchise will get better in time because there seems to be a genuine interest by all who I've come into contact with to do what seems natural.

Practice makes perfect.
Simply put, I will not be going back to this location. They are set on charging customers more than they should for food and drink.

Basically the issue comes to an advertised special that I ordered. Drinks were a certain addition more. That would be fine, but when upgrading the drink from the special, they insist on charging that amount plus. All other restaurants, including fast food places I have visited charge a certain amount for their medium size for instance, and then the difference for the upgraded drink. Charging the difference only is the method in which all other restaurants work, but not this Church's Chicken.

I tried discussing this with the person at check out and she didn't want to assist. When the manager came in, he was directed to visit my table and not at my request. He asked if he could sit at my table, I said no thanks and he sat down anyway. After he kept going over the same point that Church's Chicken policy is to charge the promotional price on top of a fully priced drink, I decided it was time to collect my tray, toss out the refuse and leave.

The last words I heard from him were, "have a nice life." Wow, that's A+ customer service. At no time did I ask for a refund or a voucher for a future visit. If this is a company policy, then it should be changed. Customers would appreciate it.
I love fried chicken! I'm not from the south. From Hawaii in fact, but I love fried chicken. It's my favorite comfort food. It hits the spot when I can't think of something I'm craving. Nothing beats home cooked but...

I grew up on KFC. Then moving to the mainland, I discovered Church's and I am home. It's a quick fix but a delicious one at that. It's perfectly crispy and the meat is moist and juicy. Not salty like others out there. 

And the biscuits! Oh my goodness the biscuits. Now KFC has theirs but Church's biscuits are memorable! Glazed with butter and honey, it's a heart attack meal waiting to happen. But if you keep it an occasional visit, you're fine.  Their chicken strips are also good. I'm not a fan of them in general but if it's from Church's, it's getting in my belly.

I like to bring home the meal, cook up a pot of rice and feast. Am I Asian or what?! ;)
This location is not as good as the other ones. I feel like their employees aren't thoroughly trained or something because every time I come here there's always an issue with orders. & one time they gave me this gross chicken strip which was not fried all the way and was still pink and well, lets just say it didnt look like a chicken strip at all. I love Church's on Spring Mountain, I've never had a problem with that one. I think I'll just stick that location.
I come here because I'm a fan of this chain and because it's the nearest Church's near my house.  The place is fairly clean as it's fairly new.
   Last time I came though they were advertising a family meal with 2 large sides for $10.99 right upfront streetside of the establishment and unbeknownst to me charged my card $11.99 a day before they changed the price the following day.  Strike one.  Then I go to order and tell the guy I want all spicy, he tells me he only has half my order for the spicy I was like don't worry I'll wait, I want all spicy.  Waited a good 8-10 minutes he tells me okay you're good to go.  Surprise I get home and half is regular.  Like W-T-F you make me wait and still give me what you wanted.  Strike two.  I'll update qt a later day in cqse I go back, their sweet tea tends to draw me in.  Hope I'm not in for strike three.
I hope you have a lot of time to spare because the service at this place is the slowest I have ever seen.   Lots of people complaining about cold food and wrong orders.  I won't be coming back.
We went through the drive-thru.  We ordered a 3 pc leg/thigh meal with sides and a 3 pc tenders meal with sides.  The guy asked if he can put them all in one box?  Wth???  We said no because the other order was for our kids who were going to eat it in the backseat.  

Before we leave, we always check our orders.  Everything was right except the guy already closed his window and walked away.  We waited in the car for a while thinking he was getting us what we're missing.  Nope, he never came back.  My husband had to knock on the window several times to get their attention.  They didn't give us any napkins.  No utensils even though we have mashed potatoes in our order.  No sauces were offered at all.  Omg!!!

When the same man came back to the window he was so rude!!!  He was a middle aged middle eastern man.  I can't believe how bad of a service we got here. No wonder there are never customers!!!!!!
mmmm yummy
Was passing through the area on a Thursday night and was looking for some dinner. Saw this Church's chicken and decided to stop, mainly because it looked newer than other Church's locations in town. This is my first experience with a Church's in Vegas, and it was actually pretty good. The only negative came while I was trying to place my order. There was a couple people in front of me, but when it was my turn at the counter, the manager stepped away to help fill some orders while asking me to wait a few min..this was kind of awkward since I was just standing there watching him...Once he was done, my order was taken, I filled my drink cup and sat down. 

Despite the line, my order came out fairly quickly and everything was piping hot and fresh. So hot I might add that I felt like I was buring my fingers when breaking apart pieces of chicken. We had a 10 piece with mac and cheese and jalapeno bombers. The chicken was crispy and juicy, and not overcooked like Smith's. The mac and cheese was good and the jalapeno bombers had a little kick to it, which surprised me as well. All in all it was a good experience and I would come back if in the area again.
So I pull up to the drive thru at 9:56pm, they close at 10:30pm. The middle eastern or Indian guy says he has no more chicken and itll take 15 minutes to make more. I said OK ill wait. Let me get a 3 piece chicken, then cuts me off and says I cant turn on my fryer for a 3 pc, u have to get a 10 peice. WHAT? they r supposed to be open for another 34 mins! He then offers me a soda "on the house" so I asked for a large diet and he says No, I was going to give you a small soda. Then gives me a kids cup or free water cup of diet coke! THIS IS THE WORST church's chicken ive ever been to.
Middle eastern guy is so rude wants you to hurry and also totally screwed up our whole order when we called back and told him about it he hung up on me.
I put an order in advance over the phone with owner requesting that the chicken be well-done.

Instead chicken was under cooked and he refused to replace the chicken saying that next time he'll cook it well done, lmao.

Never going back... They'll let anybody open up a business in this country, or is Church's just desperate...
Run- do not eat here
Several hours after eating here-I got sick.  From both ends.  This place needs to be shut done.  The owner was an ass - he has problems with either women or Americans. Sad part he tired to tell me what I should order.   The chicken had no season what so ever.
Will never go back.  I had a High School discount card I bought from my nephew and tried to use it there for a BOGO combo offer and the guy at the drive-in window said they don't accept those.  I said, "It says it's good at ALL Las Vegas locations??"  to which I hear in the background from the rude manager, "We don't do that!"  He wouldn't even come to the window to tell me directly!  I should have drove off, but Nooooo... I waited about 10-15 minutes at the window for my food, with cars behind me honking their horns!  Finally get home and NO SAUCE!  And the food isn't that great either.  Just makes me love Cane's that much more!
I was a fan of Churches chicken till I came to this location. Oh where do I begin. First they no longer have the popcorn chicken my kids liked so I ordered them 3 ( remember that number for later) chicken tenders. I ordered the 3 (not yet) piece meal all dark meat. I got our cups and got drinks for my kids. I wanted ice tea but the dispenser on the counter was empty. The person working the counter said he would fill my cup for me but his dispenser was almost empty. As we waited other customers came in and ordered. All of us were sitting around waiting for them to cook the food nothing was ready. When we got our food my kids 3 (ok now) piece tenders turned into 4 and my all dark meat meal had a breast in it. People who were going through the drive in were now coming inside to find out where there orders were. I went to get a refill on my ice tea but they were out.
Two stars for the Jalapeño cheese bombers because they're bombbb!! Service isn't great which bring down the rating.
It was so bad experience!! i dont want to give 1 star if i could!  

I went there around 9:05 the main hall door was closed. So i checked open hour but it suppose to open til 10 but they closed their hall and operate only drive thru.. it was ok until that time

However i tried to order spicy chicken abd original chicken half and half but they said I cannot order spicy chicken . At first i thought maybe it came too late that spicy chicken was sold out but later i found out that i cannot order it because it took 20-30 minutes cook. I went there because of the Spicy chicken and i could wait about 1 hour to get it.

but they just told me absolute NO! 

This location staff was not friendly at all!!!! 

If you want to go Churches chicken then PLEASE go other place
The management is rude. If you dare to complain about over cooked food they will yell at you and tell you that you are in the wrong. I'm never going back to this location. To bad they gave a bad name for Church's Chicken.
Management is soooo poor!!! I ask for ONE plate, manager have to ask me 20 questions!!! Why do you need a plate??? Seriously, I need a plate for my chicken and sauce!!! Staff were nice!!! But the management is sooo cheap!!! I ask for ketchup and hot sauce, he gave me 5 hot sauce. I ask where is the ketchup, he took 3 hot sauce away and have me 4 ketchup!!! I said I need more hot sauce. He replied you already have hot sauce there....seriously!!!! I gave him back 2 ketchup, he have me 2 hot sauce back!!!! Omg!!! Why do I have to barter condiment at a fast food place!!! I never heard of bartering condiment before at any place, seriously management.....STOP BEING SO CHEAP!!!
I should have read the reviews before going to this location. I drive up and down rainbow 7 days a week and finally today I happen to be with the family and decided to give this location one more time as my wife had gone about 6 months ago. I told her and the kids that I would try this place one last time. The previous time there was too much grease inside.
So we ended up purchasing the $12.99 special (10 piece chicken and 2 sides) The Indian looking guy upgraded us to the biscuits which my kids say are great. 
I think there business is on the rocks because it seems that he penny pinches everywhere he can. Well, they saved a good 2 cents on putting the biscuits in the same box as the chicken. I'm sure you can guess what happened by the time we got home. Yes, they biscuits came out soggy. All for 2 cents? Then I opened the sides. The mashed potatoes were mixed with the gravy. I don't know if this is procedure but guess who didn't get any gravy?
Then I opened the Cajun rice. Not only did he save another 2 cents because it was half full. But the rice we did get was very, very soggy. My wife took a picture of this and said he was going to show it to the owner tomorrow. I told her to be careful because after reading these reviews, he might throw something at her or cuss her out.
Now I know after driving up and down on Rainbow Blvd. why they don't have any customers. Churchs chicken I'm sure is great, but not this location.
BTW I forgot to mention the owner saved another 2 cents by not giving us any napkins.
The moral of the story: don't forget to check your order before you leave and ask for your condiments and napkins!!
NEVER going back. 
BTW they have a now hiring sign out front.??? Beware future employees. Make sure to check your hours when you get your paycheck!!
This is the neighbourhood bar in the Alpine area of Kitchener.  We were here to celebrate a family member's impending nuptials and I am certainly glad I came to Chicago.  The food (I had some chicken wings) was good and there were lots of pool tables to play on.  The beer was cold and there are big screens to watch the game all over and the service was attentive... what more can you ask for in such and establishment?  We all had a great time, and hope to be back soon!
If you were a costumer there, and you weren't order any drinks, after many times you come, they gonna make you wait a long time to get a table or they will not give you any!     DISLIKE
Went here to meet friends for pool , beer, and pub fair.
The food is lacking , wings are ok but there is a real lack of choice for flavors. Stay away from the poutin its bland cheese with under cooked fries and salty beef gravy. The girl bartender is great, the waitreses are slow and unatentive.
I am not in a hurry to go back. Will try other places before going here again.
Sports bar atmosphere with hot waitresses . the pool tables are busy on the weekend and during the week the prices are way too high at night for a table. The food and beer are OK. The only time worth going is during the day on weekdays cheap pool
Great sauces..
Great wings & excellent customer service...very accomodating to your needs...
Move over WingStop, Buffalo Wild Wings, and all other competitors! These are the best wings I have ever had. Hands down.
Having first heard of this place from a friend of mine, I knew I had to try it. 40 flavors of wings? Are you kidding me? That's insane! I've never had SO MANY to choose from. And being an extremely picky eater this was good news to me.

Walking into the internet cafe that this gem of a place is hidden away in, I was surprised. Having expected Wing King to have it's own building. But that is beside the point, don't let the fact that it's in a food court fool you. This place is phenomenal!

The owner, Brian, is one of the nicest guys I have ever met. He let us take our time with the menu, and even offered some suggestions. For my first time I went with a six-piece of "Hot Chili Lime" flavored wings, and an order of fried pickles. Oh, did I mention the fried pickles? They're perfect! (This place really had me at the fried pickles) ANYWAYS, the food was a very good price. Just about $4.50 for a six-piece order of wings (plus ranch and celery) and $1.49 for a basket of pickles. Being a college student who loves wings and is on a budget, I was estatic to see those prices. 

Now, those wings. Hot Chili Lime is something I knew I would love, I was very right. Tangy and spicy, and just delicious. My mouth is watering just thinking about them!

Since my first time, I've been back several. And have had a different flavor of wings (almost) every time. Along with their french fries, jalapeno bombers, red velvet cake, peach cobbler, and cookies! With so much to choose from, you really can have it your way (sorry, burger king!) when you come to Wing King.

I'm a pretty regular customer here, and don't plan on ending that anytime soon.

So to sum it all up, this place is great! If you want great food, with great service, definitely stop by Wing King. (Did I mention it's great?)
Pretty sure Wing Stop, B-Dubs and all the other wing places didnt hear Tawni B's word of warning to move over because i'm damn sure the Wing King just trampled them and left what ever remained in the dust.

Got curious after running into a business owning buddy who was having lunch here and decided to give Wing King a try. I was already commited on hitting up Kaba Curry for a meal but there was space for wings. there's ALWAYS space for wings. Talked to Brian (Owner? Chef? Wing Saint?) and i asked for his suggest for something not spicy but good. He suggested the Garlic Parmesan and was just thinking about the Garlic Parmesan. 

Wings took a minute to arrive, I was already a few spoonfuls into my Kaba Curry box when they finally arrived. First impression was wow those are some big chunks of grated Parmesan. The initial bite was VERY impressive. Garlicy but not breathe inducing with a very rich Parmesan taste. The flaps of skin you get from wings were nice and crispy while the meaty bits were tender and still a bit juicy. 

If you dont eat the cartilage from the joints then move on. If you do. the drumlet  cartilage wasnt too hard to pull off the bone and actually held on to some seasoning pretty good.

They got over 40 flavors, 17 of them i'm not going to even touch because i dont handle spicy too well. The rest is gonna be one of those 'the reward isnt at the destination but the journey itself''  type of situations.
The wings are DELICIOUS and I've loved every flavor I tried!  My favorites include Apple BBQ, and Jamaican Jerk BBQ~  The desserts are especially delicious, and I was surprised to find out he made everything, even down to the dipping sauces, by hand~  I'm a regular and I'm here every week~

The service is good and the owner is super friendly~

If you want some of the best wings, come to Wing King!
Recommended to this place by Tien. Ordered the Sweet Chili wings. Good sized wings, and a good price. They were crisp and pretty tasty. I think for their sauce they used the Mae Ploy sweet chili sauce. The celery sticks were good. This is located in the same mini-mall as Manna Korean restaurant and Kaba Curry. Nice place to go for an affordable meal in an informal setting.
WING LOVERS, YOUR SEARCH FOR DELICIOUS WINGS ARE OVER!

Just like you I was reading the reviews, (mainly Tawni and Tien's), I was compelled to check this place out.

So as I park and get out of my car, I see a big sign that says this place is an internet cafe. Huh? Am I at the wrong place? Then I remembered from the reviews that the whole place is a food court. 

I walk up to the Wing King counter and Brian, the owner, was still getting ready. He sees me and politely asks if he can help me. I said excitedly "WINGS, IM HERE FOR THE WINGS!" So he takes my order and I sit down with my mouth watering to wait for my first bite. 

So while im waiting, I tell Brian Yelp is what brought me here. Never mind the fact that I dont mind going to new places to try out wings, if it wasnt for Yelp, you would not be reading this review.

Ok so for the wings. There are 40 flavors. Yes. 40. I had garlic parmesan and garlic hot. Ok, so I love garlic. Dont judge me! Especially if you are a vampire! The wings were a little bit bigger than your average size. Brian asked if I liked it extra crispy. Hell yes I do! So after I devoured my wings, things like hole in the wall and a 5 star review was already embedded in my head. From my last conversation with Brian, he is already coming up with even more sauces like mango slam and honey mustard slam. This guy works his butt off to keep you coming back and I for one am one of them!

I also ordered garlic parmesan fries and fried pickles. YES, I SAID FRIED PICKLES! Both were off the hook and Brian also let me sample some sweet chili glazed fries. OMG it was some of the best fries I have had in a long time. Please refer to the amazing pics on here and your mouth will be watering. I guarantee it!

As I was finishing up, Brian just happen to serve me a peach cobbler fresh out of the oven as a token of appreciation. DAMN! If I knew he was gonna do that, I wouldnt of ate so many wings! I could only finish half of it. 

Speaking of the peach cobbler, man this guy has some great desserts as well. I have tried the red velvet cake and the cookies. A special mention goes out to his rum cake as well. This is not a usual and its not on the menu but he made it for a customer one time so he decided to make two. One for the customer and one for whoever was lucky enough that day to be there when he put it out. Yes, I was there and boy oh boy it was awesome! If I ate any more I would need a cab to get home! Im sure he can specially make it for you if you let him know ahead of time so he can do his magic. That is the advantage of baking your own desserts! You can taste the freshness for sure! Oh, before I forget, Brian tells me he is in the process of bringing in Bluebelle Ice Cream. For those that dont know, that's only something that you only see on the east coast. So that alone should warrant a trip here.

If you are wondering, yes there is a really, really spicy hot wing challenge. The flavor is called Hell. No explanation necessary here. All I know is that I need to bring my friends that think they can pass this challenge here soon. Im also hoping we can make a Yelp event out of this. (Hi Misti! LOL)

So now after reading this you should be compelled to check this place out just like me. For complete info on their 40 flavors and other items, go to their website: www.wingkinglv.com
Great wings! Try the Jamaican Sweet Chili and red velvet cake!
i remember my employees telling me about this wing place weeks before i actually went. when i went with one of my employees i met brian the owner. really down to earth guy. i ordered some wings, i think they were under 5 bucks for 6 wings? i might be wrong. theres a huge list of all kinds of flavors. more than buffalo wild wings. they were really good. cooked just right and not dried out. im not a wing expert but i enjoyed them much more than bww's. he gave us a small sample of pie. gat dayum! thats some good pie. my employee had some fried pickles and she let me try some. very nice. =) whenever im in the mood for wings i usually go here. of the many times ive already been here i saw a guy do the hot wing challenge. he looked pretty messed up and i dont think he finished.
Thanks to Tien for introducing us to this place. I would've never known about this place. Always in search of good wings, and to find great French fries in the same search is phenomenal. The owners are from Louisiana so they know good food and are friendly as well. 
We got to sample some of their Slam sauces, Sweet Chili fries, garlic Parmesan fries, fried pickle chips and peach cobbler. We ended up ordering some Jerk Slam wings. Nice size wings, cooked perfectly and the price is great. They don't skimp on the sauce either. 
I can't wait to go back and try more of their many flavor wings and fries.
Although I had bookmarked this place, I didn't realize it would be in the same building as Kaba Curry, so finding it when I attended my first Elite event was a double bonus of amazing flavors in one night! The gentlemen behind the counter were very welcoming and attentive, and were nice enough to treat us to some of their chill and parmesan fries (amazing, btw), which was enough to get me curious about their wings.

Once I decided to get a few wings to try I approached the counter and asked the million dollar question: "what is your best seller?" I thought I would get a standard pitch for some random flavor, but the owner (I didn't catch his name) let me sample different sauces and even tweaked one of the sauce recipes just for me! I will undoubtedly come back to get some of the dry-rubbed wings which, if they are as amazing as the jamaican jerk ones, should be pretty amazing.

Thanks guys for your great service and awesome wings. You just became my favorite wing spot in town!
Ok so you if you dont know i'm biased toward Wing King because i believe excellence should be rewarded and not ignored. The NEW Campus Commons is possibly THE best kept secret in the general area due to it's impressive gathering of several individual eateries with their own unique flavors as well as a community vibe. 

Yes i know Brian the owner. The other guy behind the counter is Brandon his brother that holds down the shop when Brian is out doing other stuff. I've eaten here a few times and i've passed them up a few times and i'd like to share why i keep on coming back.

The Flavors
Now if you think there's 40 flavors as advertised you're wrong. The count i'd estimate now would be around 60 flavors with a lot more in the works. A unique thing about Brian is the gears inside his head are always turning and cranking out new flavors. The latest set of flavors (new during this re-review) all contain contain the word 'Slam' in them because he 'Slammed' them together that afternoon.
So far my all time favorite flavor are any of the Jamacian Jerk flavors. Standard is quite balanced with a layer upon layer of different flavors starting from some sweetness then some tangy savory, then herbal, then aromatics, and finally a steady rising heat from spicy.  The Apple Jerk is a bit sweeter but the latest being the Jamacian Slam is my new favorite with it's cinnamon notes

The Option to Taste and Pick What You Want
Lets say you're torn between a few flavors or want to give a taste of what new. Ask Brian or Brandon to try out the sauce. Time after time they've shown remarkable patience and a willingness to grab the sauce bottles and give you a taste as well as explain to you the origins of the sauce and it's various other similar flavors or new flavors that have emerged from that once sauce.

Tweek the Flavor
Lets say you choose a flavor but it's a bit spicier then you expected. This happens to me on a few occasions. I dont handle spicy all too well so i asked to cut the spicy by a third. They did it and it came out perfect. It's too spicy for you or not spicy enough? Ask them to crank it up or tweek it down. All sauces are made in house so they'd be more then willing to accommode you. 

The Fries
To be honest i love the regular fries. It's a mixture of the Seasoned dry rub flavor and a bit of the Cajun dry rub flavor but to me it's perfect for fries. Their fries dont come out of a plastic bag that's been frozen for a while. You are eating real washed skin on potatos and you can tell they are too, no two fries are the same and they all taste good. A new option is available to season your fries in different flavors as well. Garlic Parm is a huge hit among the masses as well as Sweet Chili. Be warned as these are better dine in then to go as the fries get soggy if you dont eat them fast enough.

There's Always Room for Dessert
Desserts are also all home made and made in house. The usual lineup of desserts include a Red Velvet cake, their Too Much Chocolate cake, chocolate cookies, and everyone's favorite: the Peach Cobbler. If you're lucky there will be something different. I struck gold on two occasions when there was a soaked Rum cake available one day and a few weeks later a German Chocolate cake with the coconut cream center.

Bottom line. If you're hungry and in the mood for a whole lot of flavors that wont leave you broke till next week. Wing King is the place to check out. If you're on a diet and dont think you should be eating wings or desserts, come anyway. Pretty sure Brian can season a basket of celery sticks for ya.
Is it okay if I write a review for just the peach cobbler?
Because that's what this review is about.

THIS IS THE BEST PEACH COBBLER IN TOWN, HANDS DOWN. I love treats. I'm all about dessert missions. I will drive the extra mile(s) for a Spectacular Melting Smores Sundae, chocolate fondue, and to continue my search for the best creme brulee in Vegas. I have also done this for the peach cobbler at Wing King. 

I live off of Horizon and 95. Deep in depths of old Henderson. Google maps says Wing King is 35 minutes away from my house. While I have not done an official Wing King Peach Cobbler mission, the last times I have been there, I try to stock up.

IT'S THAT SERIOUS. IF YOU WANT PEACH COBBLER FOR DESSERT, BUY IT HERE. One day i'll get wings.
Uhhhhh, is this Heaven? No, it's Wing King. These were some super tasty wings. I'm swearing off meat and dairy come Jan. 1 (if I put it in a Yelp review, it has to be true, right?) so I'm going on a heyday in preparation. I had the honey mustard slam wings with some kind of sweet chili fries. I made sure to get the wings boneless (a.k.a. chicken nuggets slathered in sauce) so that I could snarf them on the way home. Don't worry, I created a bib and everything in case the delicious sauces should drip on my clothes. (In case you were wondering, I didn't need the bib because I'm just that good at eating.)

I literally inhaled the wings, though I can't imagine I'll be back anytime soon (both distance and the no meat/dairy prevent me from coming back) so I'm going to just recommend that you all go in my place. Go! Try the sauces! Eat them all! Oh and don't forget about dessert--fresh baked pie and cobbler and cake and a myriad other things. Love you, Wing King. Wish I could love you more (but let's be honest, no meat and dairy will probably not be a successful New Year's Resolution).
seriously people. stop going to other wing joints. this is probably one of the best places in town and the best prices in town and the best flavors in town and the best gat damn deserts in town. of course its all subjective but i havent met one person that has been here not say one bad thing. the other wing joints charge a lot more and the attention to detail isnt there. you wanna support local businesses? come and support this one! plus the food is awesome and so is brian. ask him to sing some sublime for you. yes i heard you singing while you were cooking brian... haha
I keep meaning too get my wings on every time I stopped in Campus Commons but tough call between Kaba Curry and Wing King. I decided too get best of both worlds same night. I had the garlic parmesan fries again. It still so good just like the last time. All the fries are fresh cut none of this pre cut frozen potato fries out of bag. The seasoning on garlic fries just the right amount of garlic and parmesan. If your breath not smell like garlic then you know not garlic fries. Right!?! Still there more depth then just the garlic add the parmesan and right seasonings! Beautiful thing!  Seasonings, flavors, depth, and balance is something say about ALL 40 flavors of wings choose from too four of five different style fries too choose off the menu. Brain makes all the sauces fresh and always tossing new ideas and willing too take risks. That night he came up with new flavor for his wings. Asian orange called it not even on the menu. If you have any doubts or questions with the sauces they will let you sample anyone of the 40 flavors. I appreciate lot shows much he cares about every single sauce he puts his heart and soul in. 

The wings I was going too iceacholics christmas party so got 50 wings too go. It not party platters they start at 100 wings but get fries and another things with party platter. They even go higher then 100 wings but 50 wings was just the right amount. I was having trouble deciding flavors too choose from since you can go 1-5 different flavors went order party amount of wings. Brain was super helpful. We talked about balance of mild too hot style sauces. End came up with four new one asian orange, sweet barbeque, jamacian jerk, and habanero honey. The Habanero honey and jamacian jerk stood out! Both nice kick too them but so much more depth then just heat. I always have problem with any wings/tenders ask for Hot. In essence all tobasco pr durkee red hot or any vinegar base horrible. All the sauces even the mild ones at wing kings the depth of flavors AWESOME! Not just heat with both Habanero Honey or Jamacian Jerk. The Habanero taste the sweetness of the honey counters the balance of the heat from the habanero then add other seasonings brings it full circle. Same things say for the jamacian jerk. I hardly even made dent in 40 flavors but without doubt will make it back enough times too get all 40 flavors in! The chicken can get traditional or boneless. Wings only way too go traditional way not licking fingers clean or getting little messy. The wings are nice crispy on the outside, cooked moist inside, and nice hot. They do amazing job comes too packing them too go. He separates all four different flavors in tin foil, all arrange mild too hot in same pan, and perfect size tight lid keep warm till party starts. He labels the top just in case not forget. It comes with nice amount of celery sticks and nice side of ranch. 

The desserts! Talk about really secret gem in Vegas! It last place you think bake their own fresh DAILY desserts. It presented old school fashion in cake stands with covers too pie pan with cover for his peach cobbler. I had the red velvet cake and this occasion tried slice of banana bread. Both tasty and just wished had more room for dessert. They do sell whole cakes just need give them day advance. Sure if looking too brings whole cake potluck style or party not go wrong.

Service top notch from Brain being helpful with my choices of flavors, gave me complimentary slice of banana bread,  so friendly, and feel small time business that cares about little detail. I find it SO refreshing. Wing King place that plan on stopping by again again.
I have had a hankering for real buffalo wings for quite a while in Las Vegas and was unable to find anything that met my memories expectations until I found WING KING!
This is it folks. Go get your WINGS HERE!

They have more than a dozen flavors with HELL being the hottest.

I went with my normal Buffalo wing choice and I was not disappointed in the least. They are exactly as I wanted, crispy, spicy and fresh.

I must say however that the space to eat them in is NOTHING to crow about, it is a weird convoluted space with several fast food joints all crowded into a big room with fast food table and chairs with florescent lighting. NOTHING to CROW about and NOT a DATE PLACE...However you can can call ahead and the owner, who is from Louisiana, will take your order and have it waiting for you to pick up. 

This is the BEST CHOICE for Game day and he said he has orders for HUNDREDS of wings going out to people now...so CALL AHEAD!

Amazingly, the owner called us the next day to see how our wings were and to be sure he got the order right!!!! OMG he cares too! Lovely man.  I wish him the very best in his WING KING endeavors and hope he brings another WING KING to DOWNTOWN VEGAS soon..although the drive is fast from downtown- just straight up Charleston...

Now don't forget to leave room for the VERY BEST PEACH COBBLER ever.
Did I mention that the owner is from Louisiana? This is his mothers recipe and she not only raised a fantastic business person but developed the BEST PEACH cobbler.

Kudos to doing a great job, making the best wings, having th best customer service and the BEST DESERTS!
First of all, this is a cafeteria style eating setup.  There are multiple food "stands" here, and you eat in a small area that is shared with others.  Not a big deal to me, but don't expect BWW or other establishment.  It is a cool idea though, more for college kids I think, since it is right near CSN.  

Ordered the fried pickles, jalapeno bombers, and traditional wings of course.

Pickles were good...it is the sauce that makes them actually.  The pickles by themselves didn't do much for me, but the cajun/mayo/ranch whatever it was is pretty solid and goes well with the vinegary/saltiness.  Jalapeno bombers were not very good....pretty bland...would not recommend.

As for the wings, I saw them cook the entire batch at one time.  But somehow, some of them got overcooked and dry, others were absolutely perfect.  There were some with a lot of blood vessels or whatever it is called, and one of mine had a broken bone with marrow all around the insides and chunks of bone pieces...yuck.  These must be frozen and transported via UPS freight (jk...kind of)....

Tried the parm garlic, mango habenero (I think), and carribean jerk bbq.  The garlic parm was ok...the habenero was like a basic hot to me...both were good, but not great.  What WAS great was their carribean jerk.  It was an excellent, spicy mixture of bbq and jerk'ness and really really wish all the others had that much thought and love put into them.

Since all the other reviews seemed great, I must have had a bad experience or bad choices in sauce at least.  If the wings were cooked right, it would have made this a 4 star, and more than one solid choice in flavor, would have bumped another outta me.  I guess I will stick with the chain restaurants for solid and consistent wings.
My husband insisted on trying Wing King after reading reviews on yelp.  We live about a /2 mile away so it's convenient!  It's basically in a food court and doesn't have the best ambiance, but the wings and fries were amazing!  I had the Jamaica slam sauce and it was delicious and spicy. My husband had the garlic Parm and I loved them too!  The garlic pepper fries added an extra kick along with the dipping sauce.  To me the absolute highlight was the peach cobbler...delectable!!! We're definitely going back!!!
Roger T--I tried this place because of your glowing review.  I must have gone on a bad day because my experience was nothing close to yours. 

Let's start with the positive news. The Sweet Chili Jerk sauce I chose for my boneless wings was amazing (better than anything I have tried at Buffalo Wild Wings).  They were sweet yet had a nice kick of spice to them.  If I were to rank this place on the wings alone, it would be 5 stars. 

However, we did try some mediocre side dishes that really let me down.  First, the fries were overcooked and over seasoned.  The second offender was the macaroni & cheese, which was basically Kraft mac n cheese with some garlic salt and a ton of black pepper added to it.  The potato salad was a disaster, and really lacked any real flavor. Add in a stale Hawaiian roll, and our lunch was complete. 

Let's talk about the service for a minute (or lack thereof).  I placed my order at 12:09 pm, and did not receive my lunch until 12:50 pm.  What's funny is that the place wasn't busy. There were 2 ladies in front of us-thats it! The entire food court was empty, so it was easy to count them.  In fact there were more gnats in the building than there were customers.  Since the doors were open, these creatures decided to have lunch with us.  The gentleman with the pony tail behind the counter was not friendly in the slightest.  All he could do was begrudgingly take my order and complain that he was short staffed for the day. However, to his credit- he did give us a few extra cookies to go - since we had to wait so long. 

I am glad I tried this place. I would have never know that this hidden food court existed. If I do decide to come back for the wings (only), I will make sure to call my order in ahead of time. I would also recommend wearing a citronella bracelet if you decide to eat there.

 5 star wings 
Minus 1 for their side dishes 
Minus 1 for the service
Stopped here for lunch because I was at a clients house, rarely do I get on this side of town.

Owner was cordial, helpful and let me try the sauce before ordering.

The sweet mustard wings were great, cooked right and that sauce is excellent. I normally dont care about fries, but these fries were a great compliment to the wings.

Honored my check-in offer for a free desert. The owner gave me a generous portion of the German chocolate. Nice, moist and warm..downed it in 5 mins. 

This is a nice set up offering great food. Will love to try more. This place is set for success.
I have been hearing rumblings about Wing King for a little while now. I never even had the desire to give it a shot because of it's location in the Food Court building by CSN. I gotta say you can't really judge a book by it's cover. Let me set the scene up for you.. I place my order over the phone and walk in 20 minutes later to the background music of Gansta's Paradise. Automatically that's a bonus point, and from here on out I'd prefer to enter most places with Coolio singing my real life soundtrack. Any place not playing Gangsta's Paradise automatically loses a star. Ok, sorry for getting sidetracked. 

Upon entering, the place was a little smokey, but not because of the Bob Marley posters all around if you know what I'm saying. It had the smokiness of poorly ventilated fryers. It wasn't overwhelming. I've worked kitchens before, this was pretty mild and you get used to it immediately. The gentleman that helped me, Brian, was a nice polite guy. I told him I've been hearing good things about the place and wanted to check it out. There was a check in offer for a small dessert, so that was awesome. I opted for the chocolate bundt cake, because he said it was the freshest. He also went out of the way to pop everything open and verify the order was correct. And then he wrote on the cake container to microwave for 20-30 seconds. He said it makes it nice and gooey like a brownie. I cant begin to say how much the tiny attention to detail was appreciated. I love when a food service establishment goes out of their way with customer service, mainly because a lot of places tend to get that part dead wrong. 

I tried a bunch of different stuff. The french fries stole the show. I'll get that out of the way up front. They had an awesome seasoning on them. I got boneless and traditional wings in the flavors of Parmesan Garlic, Spicy Parmesan Garlic, Mango BBQ, and Mild. I'm a huge fan of Parmesan Garlic at most places. This place wasn't particularly the best though. It was just ok. I enjoyed it, but I've had better. The spicy version tasted off. It was my least favorite of the four. Mango BBQ was solid. Sweet with just a small kick of hot. And Mild was... well Mild. It was a safe bet and it didn't disappoint. The Mac and Cheese was a let down. Not expensive, but not on some BFG level or anything. I'd skip that altogether next time in favor of a bigger size of fries. Did I mention the fries were bomb? Because they were. Mmm, I can taste those seasonings now. Also, the cake was pretty good. Nice and fresh and satisfying. 

If you are in the area and craving wings, definitely try this place out. I'm going to go back to experience some more flavors and of course, the fries. The pricing on everything is very reasonable and you should be able to find something you'll really like... Especially if you order their french fries.
Okay, saw the many great reviews about this place and it kind of made me not want to write this one but on second thought, I think it only fair to everyone that we tell it like it is.  The sauce which makes the wings were okay, nothing to jump up and down about, had the Teriyaki, and Med. Hot, and also tried the Dry Cool Ranch.  The wings were over fried and dry, nice crunch but just too dry and small wings at that, Wingstop had much bigger wings.  Mac and Cheese was tasteless and the Parm & Garlic fries was also pretty tasteless.  It may have been that the oil was too hot but they should know better since they are the Wing King.  Waited half an hour for 24 wings with the sides.  

Went on a Sat. night at around 7p.m., 3 out of the 5 food stalls in there were either closed or out of business, only Wing King and the Soul Food stall were open.  Maybe these businesses are geared for the CSN crowd??  Just wondering why so many 5 Star reviews?? Did I miss something??
we got carry out and thought the wings were very good , tried 4 different styles , roll up your sleevesd and get messy.
My husband found this place and we decided to go last night. We got 50pcs wings: hot, teriyaki, sweet chili slam, jamacian jerk bbq hot and spicy mango. The hot was a perfect hot not tearing your mouth off but a good kick, teriyaki was very good, sweet chili slam is the one that rrally caught me off gaurd and had to get milk, jamacian jerk bbq was smoky full of spicies and flavor lots of kick and the spicy mango was a great blend of sweet and spicy. Then we got a large fries they had a spicy cajun seasoning on it which i didnt realize until my 7 yr old grabbed one and yelled hot :-) ! But other then that they were very good and were fresh cut. I ordered the fried pickles and the guy there bryan waited until we got there to drop them so they would b nice and crisp still when we got home needless to say they didnt make it home lol they were awesome thin and crispy! They have an awesome zesty ranch dip and blue cheese dip as well!  We also had their red velvet cake it was old school made and awesome and the peach cobbler was amazing not overly sweet and my son loved their cookies! We will definatly be back again and telling our family and friends about this place!
I really, really wanted to like this place but based on my experience it's a 2.5 right now.  I called in my order around 8:00 and arrived around 8:30 and still found myself waiting about ten more minutes.   The wait didn't bother me because I realize everything is made to order but I would suggest calling ahead about 40 minutes.  Based on the other reviews I knew what to expect as far as decor and that it was more of a food court type setting.  I ordered the Lemon Pepper Dry because lemon pepper is my go to wing flavor to which I compare all my wing experiences.  I also compare all wings to my fave spot from my hometown and to me they are hard to beat, which also probably makes me a little biased.   These weren't bad but they didn't wow me like I was expecting from the reviews.   Brian was very nice.  The desserts looked really good.  I do plan on going back to try some other flavors and the desserts did look delicious.  The dipping sauce that came with the wings was some of the best I had ever tasted.  Wasn't just your basic ranch, had more of a kick to it.
I ordered Jamaican Jerk Slam and Jamaican Jerk Hot wings today and boy was I impressed.  It was my first visit to Wing King and the service was above and beyond my expectations.  I am picky when it comes to wings, I have never liked Buffalo Wild Wings or Wing Stop, they are always over priced for what you get.   What impressed me most about Wing King is the customer service I received.  I let them know it was my first time and when it came to sauces, they let me taste the top sellers and it helped me pick my flavor.  I could not wait to try to these wings as I had read so many reviews already!  

I am not normally a dessert person, but please try the Red Velvet cake! It is so moist and delicious, you won't regret it! The cobbler was in the oven and I did not have time to wait, but I will definitely be back to try it!
Wing King.  King of Wings.  They have way more flavors to select from (40 at last count, if you want to get all detail oriented about it), and some I rather not try without some significant payout as part of a dare and a large glass of ice cold milk.

For me the main reason to hit up Wing King, is their desserts.  Red Velet Cake is good, but sinfully good when it is barely legal out of the oven.  If I can still eat like a teenager, I would totally eat 1/2 a cake and a pint of ice cream.  

Hidden gem in the dessert category.
Its amazing how different taste buds can be. That PEACH COBBLER was wayyy too sweet for me and not enough pastry in the mix. I did not like it, but I did like Brian the "Brotha" with the cornrows, he was comic relief.
This was my first time at wing king and I have to say, I'm very impressed. My girlfriend and I wanted to get wing stop or Buffalo Wild Wings but I wanted something new so I tried them and never regretted it. Everything was good, large portions, and they were cheap. I have to say that I will be back for seconds!
Great wings. I did the spicy garlic Parmesan   
My wife loved the "Too Much" chocolate cake. Owner came over to make sure we were enjoying our experience and we were. Nice people
What can I say...Wing King lives up to its name.  The wings were meaty, and the sauces are homemade.  I love dry wings, so Debbie ordered the lemon pepper and the Jamaican slam sauce.  Next time, we will ask Brian to just to fry the wings, and have the Jamaican slam sauce on the side and we can dip the wings into the sauce.  Also, I like the fact that Brian will let you sample the sauces, and he can also make it more hot, less hot for your preference.  You can tell that Brian caters to his customers.

Also, when you check in on yelp, you get a small dessert with your purchase.  This is an offer NO ONE should ever pass up.  Why?  Because Brian makes the most delicious desserts!  OMG, the peach cobbler is to die for.  They have the right amount of crisp, peaches, and pastry dough.  Then the red velvet and too much chocolate cake slices...ahhhh, so moist and fluffy.  They were all so good.

Wing King also have an all day special, which is 5 pieces of wings (1 flavor), regular fries, regular drink and a Hawaiian roll, for $6.49.  That's an awesome deal!  

Wing King is as good as it gets in my book.  Woohoo!
My husband wanted some wings last night so he searched Yelp and found Wing King. The menu looked legit, so we headed out. When we got to 'The Food Court' I was totally skeeved out. It's a random windowless building with a sign on the front. Doesn't look like anywhere I really wanted to be - but my husband was persistent so I caved. We were the only people there, and only 3 of the businesses were open. It was like being in a food court in the local mall - minus the mall. So weird. 

We stood in front of Wing King for a good ten minutes before anyone even came out from the back, then they went back to where they came from without even acknowledging us. 20 minutes into our visit a kid came out and took our order, rang us up and we waited... for what seemed like an eternity. The long wait was apparently a blessing, as we reviewed our receipt. For 24 wings they kid charged us $222.98. Yes. Two hundred twenty two dollars and ninety eight cents. I promptly rang the bell and a corn-rowed gentleman (apprently the owner) came out and rectified our transaction, all the while trashing the employee to us. 

The wings looked great, and the dry garlic parmesean weren't all that bad, they were just absolutely COVERED in grated cheese, which isn't our thing. Instead of one of our orders, they gave us mild, and the caribbean jerk was super sweet and then burning hot - so we didn't eat them. 

Later that night we both weren't feeling so hot, and were consistently burping garlic parmesean....so we definitely won't be making a return trip to Wing King. :/
I finally checked this place out Wing King 
The wings where just okay nothing to jump hurdles over .. The guy with the Dredlocks was very rude , bad attitude bad customer service  The red velvet cake was suck !! It was so dam dry not moist at all ..but the peach cobbler was great !  The folks at wezziannas  where more friendly  and there gumbo was the Bomb
The Campus Commons has some great places to eat.  And in a town with several chain wing places, it is so nice to find a local joint with the quality that beats all the chains hands down!  That place is Wing King.  Tons of great homemade sauces and awesome fries.  Brian is one of the nicest guys you will come across.  I still need to try a dessert.
Veeeerrryyyy sloooooooowwww service. Ordered a 5 Wing special and i think I saw them rubbing 2 sticks together to start the fire underneath the fryer.  Then they touched the food with their bare hands (yes I'm serious). I told them to eat it themselves, even though I prepaid....$7.00 down the drain. NEVER AGAIN.
How good is it when the best thing on the menu is the peach cobbler??  That's definitely worth trying above anything else.  It might be even worth buying a whole tin of it.  I would!!

I wasn't impressed with the rest of it.  We got 12 wings.  Half of it was extra hot and the other was garlic parmesan which was recommended by the person working.  It had a ton of grated (sawdust) parmesan on top which was pretty lame.  The wings were just wings.  Nothing special to me.  The baked beans side was really good and the potato salad was decent but that doesn't equal a complete dinner.  The red velvet cake wasn't as good as before either.  It was definitely dry and there were no chocolate chips in it like last time.  

Considering the atmosphere of the dining area (this would be an ideal place for illegal transactions to go down) or other things lacking like clean tables AND the fact that Wing King doesn't have one of the best things to drink with wings (BEER), I am a takeout customer at best.  

Call in your order if you don't like waiting.
Solid player in the wing kingdom.  Probably the best in LV.  The owner was very accommodating giving me 4 flavors to try for my order.  All food was hot & fresh.  Odd locale but I can overlook it for the food.
My favorite place on earth! Yummm! Me and my boyfriend come all the timee and Brian and his staff are so sweet and funny. Great atmosphere and foood.
Wing King never disappoints! New on their menu is "Pig Wings".  They are kind of like rib tips, but they come from a different part of the pig. They are much more tender than rib tips and a whole lot more meatier.  They are fried up in no time and can be prepared with any of the flavors, although any of the BBQ flavors would probably be your best bet.
Against all advisement not to, I got the suicide wings because I was over confident in my spice tolerance. Let me tell you, they are aptly named! Regardless though, I did enjoy their flavor despite the pain. Brian, the owner, brought me out a bottle of water as I lay there, dying.
Fries were good. The cobbler was AMAZING. 
I can't wait to go back and try wings that I can actually taste also lol. I do believe that I will be a frequent Wing Kinger.
I'm a vegetarian... And I love this place. Mac n' Cheese, fried pickles and my favorite... PEACH COBBLER FROM HEAVEN!!! It is a hidden treasure.
I felt the need too tell anyone or everyone if looking too get dessert for potluck or party Wing King is Da Bomb. The only catch is need too give Brain 24 hour heads up. I looking too pick up desserts for going away party.  One that deserts truly taste homemade and da bomb. Sure they are dozen or bunch of bakery all across the valley too choose from but Wing King desserts truly dessert that tell Brian puts all heart and soul into it. I have tried Peach Cobbler, Banana Bread, and Red Velvet Cake miss couple but all da bomb. Really for a restaurant that pride itself on wings desserts here are the icing on the cake or treat straight out of no where. I talked too Brain the day before plus got myself dinner that night some honey habanero wings by far my favorite sauce. The garlic fries huge fan of too!! They just added piglet or forgot the description but riblet that more like popsicles. He offer me too try one it was in sweet chili sauce. If I knew about it would have ordered that instead. It not on the menu so would have too ask for it?? Brain was helpful deciding on two different styles of Red Velvet Cake but finding right fit for amount of people. He had it done on time requested. The way pack it! Truly bakery without the fancy logo on the box. It sturdy box one that place it in refrigerator before bring it out. It was amazing Red Velvet Cake. It MOIST the entire cake, nice dense not too light, and the frosting on top was divine. If you need ANY king of dessert Wing King is the place too go plus small business that love too support in Vegas.
Didn't try the food, but called to make an order and the man was rude. Yelled saying he couldn't hear me, didn't tell me how much my order was, didn't ask for a name, just said give me 10 minutes and they'll be ready and immediately hung up. How do they know who I am?! RUDE!!
The wings tasted like I ordered chicken skin with flavoring....the flavoring inconsistent where one bite was ok while the next tasted like it would callous my a**  even though I didn't order anything spicy enough for that....the fries were soggy just not my thing but I understand as a business owner places get busy and unfortunately people get compromised even when you have the best intentions growing pains suck........... I hope to try again and give this place a better review and chalk it up to a busy night sh*t happens RIGHT?! ..........UPDATE!..and if my review keeps getting bazarr this place has earned my five stars not only the mngr but the owner called high five to this place and to the owner and employees that care I love it they have gone from one to three to five in an hour great mngmt cant wait to give another try awesome!
I don't want to make any accusations, but I woke up with a wicked stomach flu/food poisoning/gastroenteritis. The last and only thing I ate yesterday was a bunch of traditional hot wings, celery, ranch, and mac & cheese. I feel like I'm dying.

Chicken quality didn't seem good. Seemed like they were dry or old or recently frozen. The meat was tough and too chewy. Sauce was typical quality from any wing place.

The macaroni was small in piece size. The portion was fine but the individual macaroni size was tiny. I never had mac that small. Cheese sauce was decent. Saw some black spots in my mac and cheese. I'm guessing it was burn marks or something.
My friend kept telling me how awesome this place was, so i finally went. He wasnt kidding, probably some of the best wings ive ever had and the sauces are delicious. Thank god this place isnt closer to my house otherwise i would probably get it daily. Got the chicken wings and was not disappointed, the man at the counter also let us try the pork wings which were also amazing.
This place has AMAZING wings and fries!! Oh and of course Peach Cobbler!!

I have only been once and have gone back twice to eat BUT they are not open on Sunday?!?! It's football season and I want wings on Sunday!!!

Still they get 5 stars because the food is that good....but please open Sunday...even if its just long enough to take my order!!
This restaurant is in the CSN food commons.  I decided to try it on a whim one day.  I was glad I did!  I got the garlic Parmesan wings.  They were tasty and seasoned well.  The guy who helped me was so friendly and also gave me a pig wing to try.  It was so good as well!  

Make sure to try their peach cobbler too!  It was delish!
I really wasn't impressed... I had the garlic parm fries they were hardly warm & soft like they were old!!! And the boneless wings weren't bad, doubt I'd go back!!!
Spicy garlic parmesan wings are where it's at, bros and hos.
I stopped by here after missing my work's Happy Hour on Friday afternoon, thinking I'd take HH home to the BF. I've been to a few other places in this food court and remembered this place- site indicates that they have 40 flavors of sauce, so I thought they'd be a good option.

In short, guys, I was blown away. Menu offers 6 wings for $5, so naturally I went hog wild and got three orders- for research purposes, you understand. Gotta make sure this review is thorough.

The spicy garlic parm were amazing. I love garlic, I love parm, and I love spice- but usually garlic parm wings are dry, bland, and/or underwhelming, but never spicy. Here, they actually ARE! And the excess cheese crumbles in the dish are delicious too. This was the favorite flavor by far.

Next up was spicy mesquite barbeque- I'm a Texas girl, and Mesquite BBQ is a Texas thing. This flavor took me back home, in a good way. Warm heat, got the spices right. 

Jamaican Jerk Barbeque was recommended to me by the cashier as her favorite- and they were excellent. Extra saucy, warm heat and a lot of flavor. Not as good as the garlic parm, but still good- and an option you won't find too many places.

I'll def be going back to try more flavors, and perhaps buy stock in the spicy garlic parm. Menu also boasts "pig wings" which are actually mini hams? Doesn't sound appealing to me at all, but they're the only place in the state that offers them so that means I'll get around to trying them sooner or later.

Side note on the service; as a note says by the front counter, this is not a fast food place. Your order is made WHEN you order, so expect a wait. Mine took a reasonable 15 minutes, and I was pleased with the product. I prefer fresh food even if a wait is required though I understand some might be on a time crunch and assume the food-court location is going to be quick. Definitely recommend calling ahead to order, which they encourage!
Service was provided by a couple with dreadlocks- super sweet and friendly, really felt as though my business was appreciated.
I got the daily special that included 5 wings, fries, a drink, and a Hawaiian roll all for $7. I got garlic Parmesan and they literally used the Parmesan in a bottle that you can get at Walmart. To be honest I could make these wings at home. The fries were decent and the Hawaiian roll was good. Nothing really special about this place. 

I also got a free desert for checking in here on yelp. I got the peach cobbler and it was pretty good and probably the best thing I got out of my whole meal.
The guy with dreads whom I will assume is the owner was standoffish.  Very unfriendly like.   My bill for a combo meal was $8.00.  As I sat there eating noticed on their billboard menu that the same meal listed as $5.99.  Wings were nothing to brag about.  Not impressed.
I been meaning to go to this place and really a few of the vendors in the internet food court cafe, but it often gets passed up for better ambiance than what is essentially, a extended cafeteria for the college crowd. 

The BF and I got 16 wings in Mango Slam and Parmesan Garlic. The mango slam had a nice jerk flavor with some sweet fruitiness. The parm came with a lot of grated parmesan, but the flavor for me was just OK. I ended up dipping them in the mango slam since that was more my type of flavor and the BF picked the garlic parm. The wings were a good sized and crispy though. 

Fried pickles were nice thin pickles so they fried up like chips. These I really liked. It came with some ranch type dip, but this probably would be awesome with some mustard based sauce. We got a regular, but the basket was rather generous of a portion. 

The fries came seasoned and are skin on. These reminds me of fries at places like 5 Guys and are rather solid if you like those thick cut natural skin on type fries.

The check in offer is with purchase is a free a dessert. We got a slice of rum cake. It was good, but maybe a bit too boozy since it was straight soaked in rum, If you want a buzzed dessert though this is for you. 

So the ambiance looks not like much but the wings and the fried pickles hit the spot so I would be back during lunch when I just want a quick bite. It would probably be a good to-go place  or a spot to get a big ole tray for a get together.
If I could give 10 stars, I would! 

This is by far my favorite wing place in Las Vegas. With 60+ flavors to choose from, you will have a blast finding your favorite! (My personal favorite in the Apple Barbeque!) Everything is cooked when you order so no semi-warm or cold wings! You cannot leave without getting the Peach Cobbler! My mouth is watering just thinking about it!
Husband and I have been looking for a new wing place for a while since we can't stand the thought of franchised Buffalo Wild Wings and their nasty fake chicken, stumbled upon this gem close by to our place.  I'd have to say, first look is kind of an eye sore, I had faith though and quickly realized you can't judge a book by it's cover.  In the little "Internet Cafe" which seems to be a college hang out close by to CSN, the best wings in town!  So many favors to chose from, their chicken is fresh and made to order!  My favorite was the honey mustard wings... So good!  I'm a boneless fan, we forgot to order boneless so had to deal with the regular wings but I'd say it was worth it!  Awesome either way I'm sure, but it was the freshness that really won me over.  Super nice customer service, we'll be back for anytime wing cravings!
The place is straight up awesome. The owner comes into my store (Smart & Final) a few times a week to stock up on things like to-go containers,portion cups and what not. Every time " come on in man, you'll love it!". well i finally went in, he was right!

 I got the " All day special" 5 wings (boneless or traditional),fries, a roll and a drink ($6.50) and the an additonall 6 boneless($4.99). The flavors i got were garlic-mild and chipotle. Both awesome flavors! It took a little while to get my food, but it was worth the wait!

With 60 flavors(and I'm sure more to come) it's hard to go wrong, peach cobbler to die for. Go there now.
Above the Crust just opened up. It has really nice atmosphere, a couple tv's and friendly workers. We dined in but they also deliver. I am really picky about my crust but this was probably the best I have had that I can remember.
I can't say that I've tried the pizza yet but the homemade potato chips are life altering! One of the Moms at the dance studio close-by highly recommended them so I just had to see for myself. They are well seasoned, crispy and hearty! They also come with a tasty ranch dressing that has a nice garlic punch. My two daughters consumed most of the generous portion of chips and have begged to get more every time I've taken them to dance (3 times a week). I'll try the pizza some day...if I can ever resist the chips!
The best pizza in town. Seriously! Huge slices great toppings and good specials! Hope all of you enjoy
Above the Crust has an outstanding menu. I am a hearty eater, but find it hard to consume the whole stromboni, the large delicious Antapasta Salad, and so many more excellent choices. The pizza is the best I have had since NY days. Thank you Above the Crust for your prompt service and fresh hot pizza and more.
Best pizza within a 15 mile radius and actually tied for best overall in Vegas in my opinion. The sauce is just sweet enough with a perfect blend of cheeses. I have also had the wings and fingers--- amazing and I am very picky about good hot fingers.  They have great specials that they post on Facebook. The large pizza and wings for 24.99 was an amazing deal. The pizza was too big for the box and the wings were plentiful. They give tons of homemade ranch and even threw in some garlic knots. It's best eaten there but even to go this is the best pizza I have had in a long time and certainly the best in northern Vegas!  My only slight complaint is the outer crust can sometimes be very crunchy while I prefer it a bit chewier but still delicious and not enough of a concern to lose a star. You NEED to try this place :)
The large pepperoni pizza was very good. It had a ton of cheese, good crust, and plenty of pepperoni.  It is nice and close; a bit pricey but better quality than the regulars like Pizza Hut, Dominos, etc.  I called in the order and it was coming out of the oven when I got there about 12 minutes later.
Read the reviews and couldn't wait to try this place.. that was my first mistake, I should have waited a long LONG time ;)

Firstly, the restaurant is located in a small strip mall with some funky parking.  Went in, was impressed with the cleanliness and it certainly smelled wonderful.  Hubby was hungry, so he ordered the chips and dip, 2 garlic rolls, and a large pizza.. I quickly changed it to a small pizza, and I'm doubly glad that I did.

Chips and dip arrived - hubby thought they were both fantastic.  I thought they were good, but hardly "life altering".  The chips are homemade, no salt on them, and fried until hard.  They're too thick to be called crispy.  The dip was called Ranch and it was all you tasted.. Ranch dressing.  If there were other seasonings in there, they were lost.

Then the pizza arrived, and we reminded the guy about our garlic rolls.  He quickly returned with 2 foil wrapped rolls.  Hubby opened his and tasted it immediately.. then set it down and never picked it up again.  He said it was cold and boring, so I didn't open mine at all - not going to waste time on something that bad.

The pizza toppings were fresh and the crust was crispy.  Not thin, not thick, but sturdy.  However, the sauce had virtually no seasonings to it - a frozen pizza generally has more flavor than this did.  There was a shaker of oregano and another of garlic located with the shakers of pepper flakes and dried parmesan cheese.. once those were added, then it was okay.  I have serious issues with a pizza that has to be seasoned afterwards.. isn't that the cook's job?

I had one slice, hubby had two.. and we tossed half the small pizza as not worth saving.

On a plus note, the fountain coke tasted great ;)
Above the Crust is a great neighborhood Pizza Place! Staff is very friendly and the place is spotless. The parking...who cares!! Its a quiet older strip mall..who cares!!
Its about the Pizza...and well the pizza is darn good! We enjoy the calzone and stromboli as well. They are huge and sooo cheesy. The garlic knots are fantastic, tons of flavor...perfect with the garlic ranch. Tonight we enjoyed the chicken cordon bleu pizza...outstanding! The two slice special with a drink is a great deal at 5 bucks. 
Oh and Fried cheesecake....seriously!!
Local pizza with a gourmet attitude.
I ordered a Greek Pizza with Chicken and it was fabulous! The spinach was sauteed perfectly to blossom it's flavor, the chicken was moist and tender, and the cheese was a wonderful blend of mozzarella and feta.
This was followed by a fresh, hand made cannoli!
Great spot!!
Ordered a salad and a couple slices with  pepperoni, jalapeño and pineapple. Pizza was very good - crust with a little crunch, not overwhelming sauce but a little sweet and spicy. Salad was giant and full of decent greens (no iceberg here!)
I've seen this place driving by numerous times - 

I called to do a delivery and the lady that helped me was nice, she just seemed a bit unorganized. I don't mind if someone is new, and this may have been the case.
They delivered within 40 minutes which is what they stated.
The lady that delivered was nice, but she dropped my food on the porch. I felt horrible for her and she seemed genuinely sorry. I told her it happens and not to apologize. The pizza box barely opened, but it was all squished together. I didn't want her to have to go back so I told her I'd keep it. I still tipped as well. 
She said she would call me when she got back to the restaurant to offer me a free pizza. That never happened unfortunately. 

I ordered -

Fried Mozzarella - very soggy when they arrived. 
Garlic rolls - they were good. Very thick heavy bread.
Sausage and black olive pizza - I was very disappointed with the pizza. The sausage was a bit odd. They had sliced sausage and it seamed to be huge thick chunks of chicken sausage which I'm not a fan of at all. The crust was okay. It tasted like most frozen crusts on thin crust pizzas. Also, they had almost no sauce on the pizza at all. I had a side of marinara that came with my fried mozzarella that I ended up dipping my pizza in to get more of a taste. 

Overall, the food to me seemed very poor and lacking in much flavor. Pizza seems to be a very hard thing to get right. I was hoping well for this place, but it looks like I'm going to have to stick to my normal pizza joint.
My family and I dined on the large AC special pizza.  Good and tasty thin pizza.  We will be coming back.  Decent prices.  Nice guy behind the counter.
The pizza was delicious and the sandwiches very large and flavorful! A great place for families!
WAs next door getting my car checked out, and had time for a slice or two  of pizza.
It was really good... Nice crust. Sauce was good. and the cheese was perfect..  What more can one ask for.
We found this place on Yelp and will definitely be back.  The staff is friendly and courteous.  The restaurant is clean and the prices are reasonable.  I love that their large pizza is actually large!  I will say that if you like your hot wings wet, you have to ask for extra sauce.  Overall great meal.
Had an opportunity to check this place out this evening with my meetup group the Las Vegas Pizza Posse. I had heard about the pizza and just had to try it for myself, and I have to say I wasn't disappointed. Some places slather on way to much sauce and it drowns out the other flavors as well as making the crust almost inedible, but not this place. Let's start with the crust (since that's where all pizza begins), just the right amount of doughyness and crispy outer edge, that perfect flavor that melds with the sauce, the cheese and just the right amount of toppings for that explosion of flavor in your mouth. I happen to be a real bacon nut, and I have to say I'm not sure what kind of bacon they use, but it sure was full of flavor, and pieces the size that when I bit into bacon I tasted bacon, not everything around it but the bacon. The service tonight was really good, they definitely know how to take care of their customer. One little extra is the fact that you can stand at the glass and watch as they make your pizza, not always important to some people, but I really like the fact they don't disappear into the "magic kitchen" and come out with the piping hot pizza. This is a GRRREAT place for taking a small group of say 10 to 14 people (we had 13 and no problem with seating for everyone), so if you're looking for a place to take your friends, family or co-workers be sure to check this place out.
I'm a NYC girl and you know we need a good pizza when we are craving food from " home". Do not miss out on the AMAZING pizza from Above The Crust. We go almost EVERY Tuesday for the buy one get one free special. Throw in a couple of cannolis (made to order) and you have a meal fit for a NEW YORK KING !!!! Highly highly HIGHLY recommend !!!! Love you guys !!!!
We were hungry but wanted to stay close to home so we ended up at Above the Crust. I've had their pizza and chicken wings at Johnny Fontane's before and thought they were both good.

The first thing that caught my attention as I was walking up to the counter to place our order were the garlic rolls. They looked so good. We got a large half sausage and half pepperoni pizza and some garlic rolls. 

Pizza:
Great thin crispy crust, tomato sauce didn't taste like cheap goo, the sausage and pepperoni made the pizza a bit greasy, and the cheese stayed ooey gooey. 4/5

Garlic Rolls:
Comes with marinara. Warm rolls that are garlicky and tasty. A bit crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside. 4.5/5

The girls that work here are really friendly, attentive and were making sure the place was clean. They deliver and they have BOGO cheese pizza on Tuesdays. The owner is from New York...mmmmm...pizza!
We ordered their pizza, wings and fingers for a small party. The quality was good and they delivered in half the time. We are excited to find a tasty pizza place close to home. We are definitely fans of Above the Crust.
There is nothing NY about this pizza.  I dont understand why all these yelpers gave this place such high marks.  My cheese pizza tasted like it was sitting out all day then thrown into the oven to heat up.  It tasted just like a frozen pizza.  Crust was thicker than typical NY pizza.  And the cheese and sauce were nothing special.

On a positive note, the cashier/waitress was more than willing to make us a new pizza when we told her we were not happy with it.  We opted out.  I really dont think there was anything they can do to make it taste better.
Anyone can make a pizza. This place has perfected it!  Perfect crust, fresh toppings, excellent customer service.  Kid approved!  Lunch special is excellent.  Two slices and a drink for $4.95.
GLUTEN-FREE AND AMAZING!!!!! Now that I've shouted it to you, I finally found a pizza that I crave. Not a cracker-crust or a board, this gluten-free crust is delicious. The sauce has a delicate blend of perfect herbs and spices. The owners truly care about their product and it shows.
I'm from NY, got a slice and wings. Slice was really good, wings were good too. The owner is from NY and is really nice. definitely will be goin back for some legitimate new york slices.
Came here last Friday night based upon the Yelp reviews and it was convenient. We got the large AC special pizza for $18.95. The toppings were green bell peppers, onions, sausage and pepperoni. The sausage was round and thinly sliced like pepperoni is. The portion of sauce was okay, not skimpy but not overly generous. The sauce had a slightly sweet flavor to me, which I didn't prefer. Tasted home mad though but still doesn't necessarily mean it is excellent merely because it is home made. 

We took it home so I can't judge whether the crust was crispy or not - we heated it back up when we got home prior to eating on a pizza stone so the crust was crispy. So overall decent thin crust pizza, not on par with Lombardi's in NYC or such but decent. I am a thick crust girl but as thin crust goes I prefer the thin crust (and thick crust) over at Dom Demarco and I personally think that is more "authentic". The caveat being I am not from NY but I have ate my way through it.  

I think the price is a little steep for what you are getting but I am glad I tried something new. I wasn't thrilled with the ambience in the restaurant, that was the deciding factor in taking it home. They tried to make it a warm, fresh venue with the paint and decor, however, the acoustics were poor and although there were only a few people in the restaurant it seemed loud.
Soggy bottom, that's the ultimate no no in my pizza loving eyes. The sauce, toppings. Everything else was good, New York style, tons of cheese. The soggy bottom completely ruined it though.
Been living in Las Vegas for a good amount of years now and I must say I was very pleased with the pizza from Above the Crust pizza and you can't go wrong on Tuesdays when their large pizza's are 2 for the price of 1!  The pizza has a very good crispy crust and a good amount of cheese and sauce.  The sauce is a tad bit on the sweet side but at least it has flavor which I can't say about other pizza joints in the area.  The only thing that is holding them back from a 5 star review is I felt they could've added more pepperoni to the pizza.  They're kind of cheap when it comes to toppings.  I will gladly be visiting Above the Crust the next time I'm in mood for a NY style pizza on Tuesday.
We ordered delivery last night. It was edible, but I've had better. If there is a next time I will not order spinach in my calzone. It was like they balled up frozen spinach , squeezed the water  out and threw it in. No seasoning, it was barely warm. It tasted gross. Once I removed the spinach ball from the calzone, it was decent.
We also ordered a buffalo chicken pizza along with buffalo chicken fingers. That pizza was a disappointment because it was only a cheese pizza with cut up buffalo chicken fingers on it. Where's the blue cheese crumbles? The side of hot sauce? It was just so-so. The crust was good. 
And why is there no web site with a menu?
Sorry, but it's aight....
Pizza time!

Order a Sausage / Pepperoni Pizza. Very greasy and cheesy...just how I like em! 

The crust REALLY reminded me of take n bake pizza LOL. Tasted different than any other NY style pizza I've had before...does authentic crust = cheaper ingredients = take n bake flavor?  Overall, it was good...just not my style of dough I guess.

Also ordered Garlic Rolls! Good amount of garlic flavor with a sweet marinara. I enjoyed the crispy outsides, but the insides were a little bit more "doughy" than I would have preferred.  Perhaps it's just the dough they use here?

I'd recommend giving it a shot if you are in the area, but it didn't really impress me personally.
I ordered  a gluten free pizza with jalapeños and mushrooms, Italian wings, and a side salad. Everything was SUPER good. The food came in a timely manner and was hot and fresh. Well definitely order from them again! So happy they deliver to my area!
I'm a recent NY transplant and I tried Above The Crust on a whim one day. I've tried a few other places around town and NOTHING is as good! I'm addicted to Above The Crust and I drool just thinking about it. I eat there at least three times a month. I can only speak about the cheese slices (because why bother with toppings? It's just so good plain!) and they are perfect and never disappoint. I ask for mine well-done/extra crispy. 
The owner and whole staff are incredibly friendly! Just GO here!
Really great pizza!  Service is quick, quality ingredients, good value
This place was great! The chicken cordon blue pizza was incredible. Long stringy cheese. Hot wings were superb.
I love this place. Im kind of particular about my pizza and this place has become my go to spot. I've also enjoyed their wings and fingers. Good portions for decent prices. It's a cozy little family owned place. I'm assuming the man I always see working is the owner and the girls that are working are his daughters. Very friendly people. I'd recommend anyone to try it.
The pizza is great.  The calzones are amazing.  The girls are sweet and they are convenient to get to.
Sooo good! The pizza here is AMAZING. Plus their lunch special is a GREAT deal. Two huge slices of pizza with a soda for $5.95??? YES PLEASE! Their garlic nots are delicious and the perfect amount of garlic for this garlic lover! And the owner is So nice! Will definitely be back here every chance I get!
Well my mom came in here for lunch today with some Co workers and insisted we come back for dinner. . My father and I had the fried zucchini as an app which was incredible to say the least!  And we also had their baked ziti pizza. ....TO DIE FOR! My mom had the meatball parm sub that's or of this world. . The sauce is home made and so full of flavor it should be illegal!  If your not eating here I don't know what your doing with your time!
OMG. This place is great. Being someone who is from the east coast I'm a big fan of New York style pizza. This place nails it. The crust is so good, the pizza is so cheesey and it's not greasy like most pizza places who claim to have "New York style pizza". Get ye cheese pizza and ask for their homemade ranch on the side (it is so good). Dip your pizza in the ranch and enjoy, you won't regret it!!
Damn good pizza. $26 for a large 3 toppings with extra cheese. Pricey...but damn good.
I was shopping at the nearby Centennial Center as I do pretty much every week and even though there are many food options within the shopping center, I was bored with those options at the moment. I decided to pull up places on the good ole yelp app and came across Above the Crust. It's on Ann Rd across from Painted Desert, so not too far behind Centennial Center. Deciding to give Above the Crust a try, I stopped in and placed a order. They have so many good deals going on each day! It being Tuesday meant that I could get a large pizza free with the purchase of a large pizza and toppings an additional $2 each. I went with a large cheese and a large pepperoni and added a couple "Garlic Rolls" priced at .95 cents each. I really liked the taste of the pizza and the sauce on it. The rolls had a nice garlic and butter flavor on the outside, the inside was a bit too much bread that was tough. I prefer a more traditional knot personally. When I walked in, I was greeted with a friendly hello from all the employees and I was given a menu and a flyer that shows the current daily specials offered. 

Sunday and Monday ($32.95) - Large pizza, bucket of wings, 4 garlic rolls and a 2 liter of soda.

Two for Tuesday - Buy one large pizza get one free.

Wing Wednesday (24.95) - Sampler bucket of wings, choose up to 4 flavors.

Friday Special ($29.95) - Large pizza and a bucket of fingers.

Stromboli Saturday ($17.95) - Large pizza and any stromboli. 

Daily special ($5.95) - 2 slices and a drink.

They offer delivery and also offer sandwiches, salads and calzones.
I always drove by this place so one day I decided to try them out for lunch. To my surprise they were not even registered on Yelp yet. So I did that and was the first tip, check-in, and now review. 

I ordered one of their lunch specials which was a main item and fries for 5 bucks. So I orderd a 6 inch philly cheesesteak. Wasnt too bad at all.

While I was eating I was going over their menu and it looks like they have a wide variety of different kinds of food you can order from pizza, wings, ribs, to seafood choices! Yes, I said seafood! From what I saw you can get deep fried catfish and shrimp! 

Their place is clean and service was pretty good. Not really a typical sit down restaurant but they do have a counter with chairs lined up against the walls. 

So in closing I have a lot more items to sample so this review might fluctuate depending on the next couple of visits. From what I saw it looks like its gonna be a solid 4 stars for now.
I am new to this area of Las Vegas so checking out some of the less known eateries is always a scary event.  Today we tried Happy's Pizza.  I must say I was more than pleasantly surprised!  On the website they have a coupon for a large two topping pizza, stuffed cheese bread and pop for $15.  A great price!  The guy on the phone was very friendly and personal nothing like the major chains were I always feel like I am bothering them.  I was told 45 minutes to a hour, in the back of my mind I was thinking yea right its Saturday nite.  Right on time at 46 minutes the delivery guy was at my door.  Sadly he forgot my Coke but said he would be back with 2 Cokes to make up for the mistake.  The pizza was hot and tasty.  The onions were actually cooked and not raw like they can be.  The crust was hand tossed and not doughy.  The stuffed cheese bread was the best!!!!!  The crust was perfect and the combo of garlic butter and melted cheese was right on!  

Not in the mood for pizza?  No problem!  Happy's Pizza has burgers, sandwiches and even deep fried seafood.  And dessert!!!

I highly recommend and Happy's Pizza has a new fan and made me Happy!
The crust was good & it pretty much stops there! There was so much sauce that it was squishing out everywhere! The beef tasted like it was drenched either in teriyaki sauce or soy sauce. The cheese was cheap, rubbery imitation cheese product. We will not be returning to Happy's Pizza as it made us very unhappy!
Went back for the second time for dinner and they did not disappoint!

This time I ordered the 3 items meal deal for 15 bucks so I can sample as much as I can without spending too much. I chose 1 pound of rib tips, 5 garlic hotwings, and fried catfish. Comes with fries and a garlic roll.

The rib tips were tender and covered with tangy barbeque sauce. The wings were your basic size and the flavor I got was garlic. It was good. The two pieces of catfish were breaded with just the right amount of cornmeal and were pretty good sizes. It was also tender and flaky.

THE WEIRD PART IS THAT I STILL HAVNT EVEN TRIED THEIR PIZZA!

While I was eating there, I noticed the delivery drivers were busy going in and out to deliver their orders. I also noticed a steady flow of customers coming in to pick up their carry out orders. 

So overall, based on what I ate and observed, THIS PLACE IS A LEGIT 5 STARS!
Im definitely gonna try their pizza next time!
Get out and stay out of the peach cobbler business. Nasty is an understatement.
Wow, what a deal. All that food and such a great price.  The pizza was great and they have probably the BEST bread sticks ever.  And not to mention the best ribs I have had in a while.  Fast delivery, too!!!!
Woohoo! This food is so good. I ordered the 3 item dinner combo, I chose 3piece cajan perch fish, 1lb rib tips and 3 whole wings  dinner also comes with macaroni  salad pasta and garlic bread. I had plenty to share with family. Delicous.This is my first time ordering and using delivery from this place and it will Not be my last. I just wish I had ordered from here sooner.
I literally just picked up my order from here. When I walked up to the door it was filthy, upon entering I was hit with a foul stench of sewer. There were 3 young men and a young lady all standing around, cleaning products were unattended in the dining room, the restaurant was very dirt especially the floors. I didn't want to be rude so I payed my 31.00 for my family meal (large pizza breads ticks salad and a 2 liter, we added boneless wings on) when I got home my pizza was cold and disgusting,  the bread sticks also cold ( when I got there they forgot part of my order so pizza and bread sticks sat for about 10 mins.)  I gave our whole order to our dogs because we just couldn't stomach it.. I'm only giving 2 stars because one of the young men was very polite. The young lady had an irritated look on her face
.. I won't be back. They can't even fix this one. .
So I was so excited when my roommate texted me to tell me she got pizza for dinner...until I got home.  :(   So we had an antipasti salad, ham pineapple pizza, garlic bread things, and chix nuggets.   The salad was barely edible...cheap bagged nasty iceberg lettuce with unidentifiable lunch meats.  The nuggets were practically sauce less, and the pizza, ewww.   The sauce had a funny weird taste and the cheese on it very plasticky.  The pineapple on it was good..lol.  Guess a bowl of Cheerios it is, I am sure my dogs will be happy though.
The food is amazing, staff is very nice and polite and store is absolutely spotless! I had ordered the pizza and wing combo, boneless wings and whole slab of ribs. The ribs were fall off the bone, they use real mozzarella cheese on their pizza and the boneless wings were to die for! As I was there I noticed they were smoking their ribs in the restaurant! This place is legit, by far one of the best joints in Las Vegas! All the bad reviews on here must be from the competition.
staff recieves 5 stars.. although i am rating this review for one reason and one reason only i was craving banana pudding..! heard they had some of the best LOL yeah right.! nothinh about it was homemade.. right out the jello box.. disgusting. stay away from the pudding.
Driver got mad at me asking for money when I had paid using Paypal and tipped him using Paypal as well.  I explained him but without trusting called his store.  Lack of communication between management and drivers.  Food was terrible.  Won't order anymore from this place.
Came here for lunch the other day and was shocked at how bad the service was. I stood there for about 10 minutes waiting to order for dine in and both guys behind the counter were on the phone taking orders. I get it. They were busy. But when one of them got off, he proceeded to go and make orders! He didnt even acknowledge me! As a matter of fact, neither of them acknowledged me. So I wait for another 5 minutes and still the same scenario. I left wondering what the heck were these guys doing? I know both of them saw me but did nothing. Def will be awhile before I even consider coming back if at all. That's too bad because I thought their food was really good.

Yelp 365 Review Challenge #142 "Saddy's Pizza"
Head's Up:  The eat 24 specials do not work for the 2 deep dishes for $19.  

Pizza is not bad; The place still honored the 2 deep dishes for $19 though they said that it is not a real deal.

The pizza is crispy but doesn't have much cheese on it.  The staff there is very friendly.
Got a basic four piece. Cole slaw is banging, fries are crinkle cut, comes with a kind of rémoulade sauce, or a spicy ranch, that is really good. Chicken had been sitting in a steambox for a while, I was just about to get grumpy, when dude came over and asked if everything was okay..you know me..lol. I told him everything was great but the chicken, he ran back, and brought me 4 fresh pieces that were juicy but not rubbery. Place has a disco ball, and a bose sound system, playing all the crappy house covers you can imagine, I figure they support gay marriage..lmao
This is a second time to this new location...  Guess what????  It's still great...  The family hit the store about 11:00 this morning and we had the place to ourself... Don't know if its because of the long weekend or the ASU students haven't found it yet...
Food was hot & good, service was great, place was clean and neat...

ASU, students your missing out on this place... old Devil...
Good place, good service.  The food's good too, but you better like chicken fingers.  Much in the style of In-N-Out burger, this place goes with a very minimalist menu - chicken fingers and fries.  The food was good but not having any choices bores me...
I can best describe the chicken as "KFC done right." The batter is tasty but not too greasy. The employees have outstanding customer service and regularly ask how everything is. Furthermore the atmosphere is inviting and creates a since of positivity. For a fast-food joint, I really don't see a reason to "raise Cain." This fine place deserves your hunger.
If you're in the mood for chicken tenders and fries, this is the place for you!! If not....don't come here because the menu options are limited.

Went here at around 12am Thursday night and were immediately greeted by a super friendly cashier. He was really great. It was our first time here so he explained the menu and what not. Ordered the "3 FINGER" (3 chicken tenders, crinkle cut fries, Texas toast, regular size drink, side of cane sauce). 

The food was delivered to our table promptly. The chicken was SUPER hot, I couldn't eat for 10 minutes. Fries were good but the portions were really small :/ I really didn't even want the Texas toast at first thinking eww a big piece of bread? But it's actually REALLLY good!!! The meal came with a side of their secret sauce which was pretty tasty. 

The customer service was great, an employee checked up on us to see if we needed anything and offered to throw out our trash. The place was very clean and seemed well kept. I will come back again if I ever need a fix for fried chicken deliciousness
If you want some of the best chicken tenders ever, come here!

Been here a few times and have gotten the tenders, fries, texas toast and lemonade.

The tenders are to die for!  Nicely breaded but not so breaded that it overpowers the chicken.  Tastes like real chicken, not any processed crap.  Nice and hot, great taste.  And the dipping sauce they give you is amazing!  That stuff is addicting.

The crinkle cut fries are nothing special but very solid.  Not bad by any means but just  nothing to write home about.

The texas toast doesn't look like anything special but its actually very good.  I'd recommend laying a tender on the toast and having an open-faced sandwich.

They say the lemonade is fresh squeezed, I didn't really believe it but I love a good lemonade so I ordered it even though it was an extra $.30.  OH MY GOD BEST 30 CENTS I HAVE EVER SPENT!  They are not lying when they say it is fresh squeezed.  Easily some of the best lemonade I have ever had.

The pricing is pretty decent for what you are getting.  Their 6 tender meal with 3 sides (fries, toast and cole slaw are advertised but you can substitute any of them for extra of something else.  I get either extra fries or toast in place of slaw), 2 sauces and a large drink is going to come out to around 8 or 9 bucks.  Could be a little cheaper for the amount you are getting but the quality of the food justifies it.

My only real complaint is that they need to give out more sauce!

If the worst thing about this place is they need to give out more of their fantastic sauce, I'd say it's a place worth trying.

Highly recommend!
Raising Cane's is definitely a nice place to eat at. Good atmosphere and the chicken is nice and crispy. The texas toast is also very good. Eat here and thank me later!
Tried this place today and it was good. I had strips and fries. The dippng sauce was pretty good also. I will eat here again.
I know people who rave WILDLY about Raising Cane's, but I just think it's okay. I've eaten their twice, once drive-thru another I ordered inside. The service is quick and friendly and the restaurant is always clean. If you want something flavorful, I would suggest going somewhere else. But if you have a chicken tenders craving, you probably can't go wrong here.
Great chicken tenders. Juicy and tender staff Are really nice  Reasonable prices. This is a keep coming back place :  )
Amazing!!! Watch out chick fil a!!!
Meh.  The food was just ok.  I guess I expected a bit more flavor from the tenders and maybe a variety of different dipping sauces to choose from for my tenders.  Cane's own sauce was ok.  My kids did not care for it.  The Texas toast and fries were good.
Delicious, juicy and tasty chicken. Very simple menu but they do it well. It's like the In-N-Out of fried chicken. The texas toast is awesome and that sauce, whatever it is. nommmmm. Would go back a whole bunch if I wanted to be the fattest person on earth.
Great amount, great tenders, great price. Open late. Love it!
I was headed over to Sleepy Dog, to get one of the wonderful Pizza's from the food truck provider, Pizza Deux, but they had closed up shop so heading back home i saw this place and decided to  give it a try. Well, I have to tell you, their chicken tenders are amazing! Tender and juicy and just wow, and so well complimented by the Cane Sauce, which is sort of like a peppery thousand island. As for the Texas Toast, okay but seems odd, maybe it is from a different food culture of which I am not familiar. The  fries, nothing special though the coleslaw is light and just slightly sweet and a good counterpoint to the chicken tenders. 

I'm not a big fan of fast food but this has an unexpected authentic feel and quality that runs rings around the chicken tenders at places like Popeye's. Looking at some other reviews it seems the reason for the quality of the chicken is that it is never frozen, good to know, see what you can learn from your fellow yelpers? 

Bottom line, different from your average fast food chicken place and worth a visit. :-)
Love the Simplicity of the menu (Chicken Tenders, fries, coleslaw and sliced bread) and quality of food!!! Best Chicken Tenders I've ever tasted and the Cane's Sauce is amazing!!!  2 Thumbs up
This is absolutely the best fast food chicken I have had.  The service is great and quick.  I have been there 4 times in the past month and every time the service is great and the food is fresh.
The chicken tenders at Cane's is amazing. Gone many times with friends just to hang out and eat some really good chicken.

Environment here is really coo after the Devils win a mens basketball game.

The staff are also really relaxing and helpful.
This past Friday I decided to try Cane's on my break because coworkers have said how good this place was. Well let me just say, fighting all the traffic near ASU, while the Tempe Arts Festival was taking place and University shrinking down to one lane was well worth it! Plus even after my 15 minute drive back to work my food was still hot.

I got the 3 Chicken Finger combo which came with fries, Texas toast, Cane sauce and a drink. It was probably the best chicken fingers I've ever had!  The chicken fingers are made with 100% never frozen chicken tenderloins which is marinated for 24 hours so they come out extremely moist. They're perfectly seasoned and breaded, not too much and not too little. The cane sauce is so yummy.  It tastes like it has ketchup, mayo, worcestershire, seasonings but I'm not sure what else is in it, however its excellent, you have to try it! The Texas toast had a crisp outer crust but is soft inside. It was buttered and wonderful. The fries were pretty good basic fries; salted and crinkle cut.

I highly recommended trying Raising Cane's if you've never been!
The chicken and bread-delectable. The sauce- good, and the fries-meh. Good price and good customer service. Would go back next time I'm in the area.
Originally tried this in Las Vegas... and these are about as good as chicken fingers get and the Texas toast is heavenly. I am NOT sold on their fries or coleslaw. I would like more dipping sauces to choose from too.
Its pretty good juicy fried fattening chicken and their frys are good too.  I even like their sauce but I know there is sugar in it and it will make my ass fat.  Just two chicken fingers with one sauce is very filling.  If you are really hungry 3 is more than enough.  Worth trying.  My only reservations is that I know these chickens are given added hormones, fried, and too much sugar used but tastes great.  If they got healthy with it I would give them more stars.
I can never make up my mind so it's nice that they only have a few god options. Good place to eat when you are really hungry, as these meals will fill you UP! I also heard a rumor that it's not low fat. I'm not sure I believe it, though. I like that they advertise the #hashtag in the drive thru so you can upload your pics to social media!
I enjoyed this establishment.  The staff was friendly and the food came out fresh and quick.  I like the food here better than "Rock-n-Roll Fingers" here in Tempe.  The chicken fingers, fries, and garlic bread tasted really good.  Also, this place even has a drive-thru which is nice.
It's a chain, so if you've been to one all you need to know this is one is particularly clean and has great hours, but service can be slow when crowded. 

If you are new to cane's the simple question to answer is can you eat chicken? No? Sorry, you're unlucky. Yes? Run, don't walk your way here! Chick-Fil-A can keep the chicken sandwich, these guys invented the chicken finger! Just get three things: chicken fingers, sweet tea, and sauce. The fries are ok, so is the toast, but really everything here is just filler. The sauce should be tested it's that addicting it's a little warm but not spicy and the sweet tea might be liquid sugar, but no part of your tongue will care. The chicken itself is juicy and will not last. Within minutes you will have a "i ate the bones" moment.

Faults? Price. After tax I spend around nine dollars which is a different tax bracket compared to most fast food, but it's a great occasional guilty pleasure.
Cane's sauce - need I say more!!!
Looks like everyone is dumping loads of hot goo into their pants and onto each others faces again about a place that is mediocre at best, and a disappointment in general.

One of my staple items at any restaurant is chicken fingers. They are easy to eat, they are fucking delicious, it's hard to fuck them up, they have a load of protein, and they are a vessel to get sauce in and around your gag reflex.

Which leads me to the problem with this dump: THEY HAVE ONE SHIT SAUCE.  The sauce is not spicy, it's not ranchy, it's nothing you want in your mouth.  It might just be some salad dressing.

The texas toast, again has no real taste.

Chicken = ALSO Bland.

I've had bowling alley chicken fingers that are better than this.

Who the fuck has crinkle cut fries Cane WHO.  Crinkle cut fries? FUCK OUT MY FACE.

I'm never going here again. Go literally anywhere else and you'll get better chicken. I resorted to using leftover McNugget Buffalo sauce that I thankfully had in my fridge, or I would have had a rough night.

I did eat all of it, dissapointed, but hey I had to eat. So 2 stars for being better than something I would throw away immediately. GOOD JOB.
The chicken is very moist, however the flavor is just so-so.
I probably won't go back.
they only have one menu item- chicken fingers- so they better be good right? they are! on occasion, one might be on the small side but they are always juicy & delicious. Today I bought two strips brought them home and added to chopped romaine with some fresh diced tomatoes. Made a delicious salad when tossed with a side of cane's sauce.
People are nice, food is AMAZING! There is no reason not to love this place! I get the box combo, minus the coleslaw and an extra canes sauce! HIghly recommend and if u are skeptical about coming, do it!
Went to this place this afternoon, not knowing any thing about it. It had people inside and cars in the parking lot so I decited to check it out. Simple menu made deciding what to eat easy. The service was quick and the food was brought to my table. The chicken fingers were good, however I think the fries left some thing to be desired.  Over all, not bad. I'll be back.
Best fast food restaurant I've ever had. The sauce is phenomenal and the chicken fingers are great as well. There menu is simple and you will not be disappointed!
There is no reason not to love this place. The prices are inexpensive and they are opened past midnight. Li love the bread and the sauce!
I've been here a couple of times   The service is good the staff very friendly. But their food is mediocre at best. I really don't understand why everyone LOVES this place.  I would much rather go somewhere else to satisfy my chicken strip craving.
One of my favorite fast food places. Cane's started in Louisiana and they were everywhere in New Orleans. It is nice to see more popping up in the valley. They only focus on chicken and they know how to do chicken right. Sweet Tea is great! My personal favorite is the #1 no coleslaw extra toast, but you cant go wrong with anything on the menu. It is a little more expensive than some of the other fast food places, but the quality of food is worth it.
Had an issue, and the management immediately solved it. No eye rolling, just respect for food and great service. Awesome. At this point they could spit on the food, and I would be happy.
Been going to Cane's since I lived in Vegas. This place always delivers a solid meal at a reasonable price. It is like the perfect marriage of flavors in each bite with the slaw, bread and fingers. The chicken is even better back at the house heated to a crunchy level and dusted with your choice of spices. Of course, you also always need to buy an extra Cane's sauce, so your not skimping on your dipping. Great sweet tea too!
Decide to try this place and was a bit disappointed that  I waste my time and money on it. I thought it was going to be some spectacular food when it taste no different then chicken strips you would get at Sonic, McDonalds, etc.  Its way OVERPRICED. I wasnt happy that there was only one dipping sauce flavor. It was gross. We also ordered the sandwhich and wasnt too happy it had that sauce spread all over it.  I asked for larger Lemonade and was given a small size. 

The coleslaw tasted funny so want fond of that. Only thing I ate was the texas toast and that was pretty weak too.
Definitely wasnt impressed with this place.  The drive thru was very fast and efficient but the food was all luke-warm and a bit soggy. The sauce was lacking interesting flavor.
Like it!

Simple menu and fast service are a good start.  Meals all seem to be a pretty good value for what you receive.  The fingers were fresh & tasty, fries & slaw also very good.  Didn't have that "I ate a greasy fried lunch" feeling an hour later, like some fried stuff will do to you.. that's a huge plus.  Not quite to the high standard of the now-defunct Rock & Roll Fingers, but close.  A solid 4 stars, and will definitely be back.
Like a previous reviewer mentioned, Chicken fingers are a staple item. When you order them at a restaurant, you know what to expect. It's always at least a solid meal, and sometimes it's a truly great one.

So it's kind of amazing to me that a place that sells ONLY that can screw it up so bad. The chicken fingers have soggy, weak breading that is devoid of any satisfying crunch that you can usually find on chicken fingers. The actual taste of the fingers themselves is slightly "off", almost like the chicken is toeing the line of going bad. The sauce (which, if you don't order a meal, you have to pay extra for) is some weird amalgamation of other sauces that work as chicken finger dips that ends up being off-putting and weirdly spice-flavored (you're better off with ketchup here, as lame as that is). 

The texas toast, despite looking like it's a step-up from something standard, tastes like ordinary toasted bread. In its defense, it's the least offensive thing here. And lastly the french fries, something that many would compare to pizza in that, even when they're bad, they're still pretty good, are genuinely pretty bad, and some of the worst fast-food fries I've ever eaten. They look like freezer-section Ore-Ida fries, they taste like Ore-Ida fries, and I would be pretty damn shocked if I found out that they weren't actually just Ore-Ida fries.

Eating here was an awful experience, but under some circumstances, it could be salvaged. I've had meals this bad before, at restaurants where you had other options, and later grown to love some of the alternative choices. I've had meals this bad before, at restaurants where the food was cheaper, and enjoyed the fact that I could grab a bite on a budget. But I've never had a meal this bad, at a restaurant that ONLY sells the one item, for such an un-appealing price. I can't think of a single good thing to say about this place, and can't imagine any reason why I would ever want to return here.
Raising Canes is hands down the best chicken strips joint in all of the land. 

I'm a Californian and unfortunately we don't have any of these anywhere in sight. I usually get my fix whenever I hit Vegas. I was in Phoenix for the day and totally remembered that they have Canes in the area. 

Their chicken strips are amazing along with the Canes sauce that comes with it. I always go with the Caniac Combo even though it's a lot to eat. The Texas Toast is amazing as well. It compliments the food very well. 

I give this place a 5 easily, especially since their restaurant area is open until midnight. The other locations nearby are only opened until 11, with this one being open an extra hour. It definitely helped since I visited about 11:40 in the evening. 

Definitely hit this place up. The staff is pretty nice as well. Great overall experience. I can't wait to come back!
Where do I even begin! being in broke college student this is one of the best fast food places I've ever had the fried chicken is great the Texas toast is amazing french fries are good cold slaw is also very excellent. But when it comes down to it nothing beats the cane sauce!
Tried Raising Cane's for the first time.  It wasn't bad.  It was flavorful but for the price it won't be my go to chicken place.  I prefer the other popular fried chicken place (from Louisiana).  I ordered the Caniac Combo with the 6 tenders.  The chicken is good.  The sauce is great.  It's just that 2 meals costs $18?  To me that is a little steep for fast food chicken.  The coleslaw was my least favorite.  The TexasTtoast was a nice compliment to the meal.  If I was with a group and they wanted Raising Cane's I would go back.
I like this location and love the food. Only down side is it can get pricey and also being near the Arizona State University campus, it can get packed. 

I do like that they have a Cane's Club card you can get by going on their website and filling out information. For doing so, you receive a free Chicken Box meal complete with drink, so that's incentive to go back for more and future visits. 

I will be back for more visits in the future I'm sure, especially since I have a Cane's Card.
Holy crap this place is spectacular! Customer service is their number one priority and the people who take your order even make me laugh on the regular. Their other number one priority is quality chicken. Thats's right, they have two number one priorities. They are multitasking their excellence! Also they will substitute stuff like if I don't want coleslaw i can just have more fries or another AMAZING dipping sauce. Oh man I just remembered the sauce. I gotta go guys, i need to go eat some raising cane's. You should too, but lemme get my order in first.
This place is pretty cool! I like the actual restaurant. The decor is awesome and I like their disco ball! Good music for college students and perfect location for ASU students!

The food is delicious but would def not eat it regularly. Super greasy (would be great after a night on Mill tho). The chicken fingers were fresh and all white meat. Super crispy! And the sauce goes well with it. There is a copious amount of fries that went with the meal. Btw I ordered the Caniac. 6 chicken fingers, texas toast (which was bomb but also greasy) , cole slaw, and a pile of fries. And a large drink.

when I say greasy though...its not swimming in oil. Just the right amount of grease i think. It could get salty but the coleslaw cuts the saltiness. Perfect balance.

Would definitely comeback! I wanna try their sandwiches!

The combo meal I got came out to 8.98... Kinda pricey but it fed me and my sister pretty well. 

3.5 stars!!!!!
If you are a chicken finger fanatic like I am, this place is heaven! Great price for the value! You have to try these chicken fingers with their famous Cane's sauce!
Everyone always raves about Raising Cane's, so naturally I had to go and give it a try. I'm generally very health conscious and not a fan of fried food and wouldn't go out of my way to eat it either. But we were close by and I really wanted to know what the deal was with this place. 
The inside looks very nice. It is clean and has an appealing decor. The menu looked very simple, we ordered two of The Box, which comes with (I think) 4 fried chicken strips, cole slaw, fries, a buttery toast, and a special sauce. 
The chicken was good, the meat inside actually looked and tasted like chicken. The sauce had interesting flavors. I really liked the cole slaw though, and the toast... I think totally unnecessary and just adds more carbs to the meal. They should offer some healthier options to that, maybe some apple slices or a side salad?
The overall experience was very pleasant. 
As I said, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go and eat there but I would definitely let friends peer pressure me in going :)
No ranch!? That's like a deal breaker. 

The "special sauce" was ok. I mean everyone has a "special sauce"....let's think of something more creative. 

Nonetheless...good was fresh and fast. Fries were a little soggy. No strong distinct flavors. Tasted like your average chicken fingers and fries.
This place reminds me of east coast dining. Foods  here is very decent. I like their deluxe combo. It gives enough portion to be full. 
This is family friendly restaurant. Because of the location, you will see many College students. If you don't like that atmosphere and prefer the quiet atmosphere I would reckoned different location. One in Gilbert, which opened recently is great for the family.
First had Raising Canes in Vegas last year. I was very happy to find one on this trip to AZ. The sweet tea was excellent. Chicken strips were crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. Bread was great. Fries were just ok, but you are here for the chicken strips anyways. This experience matched my expectations.
I got the Caniac combo and it's was really good. Love the house sauce the have. Good portions and it's not pricy. Only thing I can complain about is being charged extra for lemonade and it wasn't even that great to begin with. Overall great food for the price. Definitely would recommend to my friends and family.
I've eaten at the ORIGINAL Raising Cane's on the campus at LSU-Baton Rouge. Granted, it was 15 years ago when I was still a student. I've also eaten at the one in my hometown of Covington, LA. But today was my first day eating at a Canes outside of Louisiana, and all I can say is that it was A LIL' TASTE OF HOME! I relished the Cane's chicken, perfect fry batter, Cane's sauce, slaw, and Barq's rootbeer. BTW, Barq's originated in Biloxi, MS, which is on the Gulf Coast. The Texas toast is perfect, but I've never cared for their crinkle fries. They're pretty cheap. They taste like the Walmart "True Value" brand of crinkle fries. No joke. Other than that, I highly recommend Cane's. If you only eat three things, eat this: Barq's Rootbeer, slaw, and a lot of chicken with Cane's sauce. Southern people know how to eat!
This place is delish! my co-workers and I come her often. I do wish the canes sauce didn't cost extra. The little container they give you for 4 chicken strips just isn't enough
Sometimes the size of the chicken strips is a bit suspect in the box meals. If you want the most bang for your buck order the sandwich with an extra side of Texas toast.
They fry their chicken in a peanut oil making it taste great. It's pretty unhealthy, as everything is fried, buttered, or has mayo. The staff is very friendly and the place is clean which is hard to find now a days in tempe.
Location: Close to campus, easy to reach from both sides of road

Inside: Kept up by college students so was messier than the other Raising Canes in the city, bathroom was messy when we went

Time are: 5pm on a Friday

Food: Food is delicious as always. Canes sauce is always the best. Recommended based on food but might want to eat at other location if you want a cleaner restaurant. Great college good though.
I honestly do not see what the hype is about... Their chicken fingers are good... BUt amazing... Their sauce is okay... Nothin special to me... I may stop by again if I have a craving for chicken fingers.. But I will not go out of my way to drive here
Best fast food style chicken. They use the best ingredients and there chicken is high quality and cooked perfectly so it melts in your mouth. And amazing sauce.
Keeping this sweet and simple, this place is GREAT! Best chicken fingers around :)
This place does a fine job at cooking chicken tenders and fries. They even got the Texas toast down to a perfection.

Came in here while trolling around Tempe and decided to give them a shout out. Located very close to ASU and should be a popular spot when you need to catch some bird.

Ordered the biggest thing on the menu called the Caniac Combo. Stopped drinking the dreaded soda pop and went with some dihydrogen monoxide. It is a lot better for you and the price of the combo goes down quite a bit.

The menu here is very simple and they give you a basic no thrills meal. You can always substitute some of the sides if you so desire. The big thing everyone cries about is the top secret sauce. Maybe I missed the boat on this one but it is nothing more than some doctored up mayonnaise.

Food is pretty good and the chicken is very tender. Good chance they are doing that southern trick of marinating it in some seasoned butter milk overnight. That always keeps it juicy and flavorful after frying.

Would like to see some more dipping sauces. Just take some regular Franks hot sauce and add equal parts of brown sugar and simmer it in a pan. Some country fried chicken gravy would be good also. Maybe just offer some jalapenos or something spicy to add a little kick.

Definity gets really busy around lunch time. Saw tons of sweaty blue collar workers (like me) coming in and chowing down on big plates of chicken. Some of them looked like they could have skipped the soda pop as well.

Recommend bringing your own dipping sauce or hot sauce to complete the occasion. Some people just need more options. CLUCK CLUCK A-OK!

3.25 STARS
Always grab the box meal. I switch out the toast for the extra bread sometimes :) I'm a fatty lol. But I have to say there chicken fingers are amazing!! Just love the consultancy of this store. 

Line in the drive thru moves quick even when it's all made fresh. I always grab a sweet tea cause for some reason it's freaking amazing there.

Will definitely keep coming back :)
I just went to this restaurant after it opened. The problem is not really with the food but with the atmosphere. The music was extremely loud. No one could talk to each other at our own table. Another issue was how they were serving the beer. They bought us a beer that had the top of the head a good half inch to inch below the top of the glass, This was consistent for all 3 of our beers. One person in our group mentioned this to the server that delivered them and we were told this was the proper way it was to be served. After we looked at all the other beers being brought out, they were all with the head at the top of the glass. We spoke to the manager about it when he came by to check on us and he said again that ours were served properly. We showed him all the other beers and he said, "Huh?" It would seem that a new place would be interested in feedback and try to take it in a little better than in a more confrontational way.

The food was good. The majority of us had wings. They had a ton of flavors which was nice. Unfortunately, you have to order a minimum of 6 of a flavor so it doesn't leave much opportunity for experimenting. I had the Caribbean Jerk and the Parmesan. They were good just not enough to really entice me to come back. There are some other places near by with great wings and we can actually talk to each other when we go.
Tonight was the first time we had ever been to a Buffalo Wild Wings and  we were pleasantly surprised. When we first walked in I was put off a little by the music. As another reviewer wrote about this location I will agree it is really loud. The greeters at the front are very warm and nice. Our server was extremely helpful and friendly. Since we had never been in before he took the time to point out everything on the menu and recommended a few of his favorites. My fiance, mother-in-law to be and I shared an appetizer of wings. We had the mild sauce on half and hot bbq on the other. The wings were BOMB! Then we had our meals. They said their burgers were to die for, and the onion rings were delicious as well. As for my build your own chicken sandwich, it was ok. I should have ordered a burger, but all in all we had an awesome experience. Music- a little too loud, food- friggin fantastic, service- damn good, atmosphere- typical sports bar. We will return again! :)
This restaurant is newly opened and certainly going over the top to make and keep customers.  It is very much a sports bar type environment.  By that I don't mean Applebee's or TGI Friday's type sports bar.   Those are more family restaurants that just happen t6o have TVs in the bar area with the game on.  Buffalo Wild Wings is truly a Sports Bar.  TVs are everywhere and showing about 7 different channels.  Rock music is blasting, and those fun trivia games available on request.  Do not go here expecting a quiet time to chat with friends.  There are no business lunches here.  You go here to be loud, drink, and watch the game with great food.

Food is excellent.  Never had a bad meal here and they will always cook to order.  If you ask for 6 wings and each wing to be a different flavor, they will do it for you.  They will even put the sauce on your fries if you ask.  My drink was never empty, food was hot and fast.  And the bill was less than I expected.

I really don't know what more I can ask from this place.
Friendly disclaimer - I am VERY particular about my wings and well - they just didn't live up to my expectations.  Considering I had wings and strips, I think I will save my money and go somewehre else next time. I have to be fair and think others might enjoy - just not my thing.
Today was the first time I have been here.  My daughter (who loves wings) wanted to try it.  We arrived at about 4:20 in the afternoon and were seated right away.  Our server took the drink orders quickly and by 4:30 we had ordered our food.  That was the last we saw of our server for another 30 minutes!  All around servers and kitchen staff were having wonderful chat time at the expense of the diners.  When the server came to ask if we wanted refills, I asked about our food (boneless wings and spinach artichoke flatbread) and was told that it should be done shortly, but the flatbread takes a little longer in the oven.  My refill and our meal arrived at the same time, another 15 minutes later.  I'm sorry, but if the flatbread takes over 40 minutes to make, there should really be a warning in the menu.  Was the food good- yeah.  Was it 45 minutes good- nope, nothing really is, especially an appetizer!
The Thai curry wings were good and very large but everything else was standard bar style food. Pullanos wings are better and worth the extra few miles to drive for.
To be honest, if I didn't have a friend that tends bar here, I probably never would have gone. I'm not a huge fan of chain restaurants, and since its less than a mile from my home Pub (Tim Finnegan's) I have little reason to stop in.

When I did, it was exactly what I expected. Lots of TVs with sports on, decent beer selection and "meh" food. I will be honest, the wings at Tim Finnegan's are better, which is sad considering that is kind of Buffalo Wild Wing's staple menu item.

The other challenge is that this and the new Olive Garden building are in a... less nice part of Metrocenter circle, right next to 2 cheap motels. Good if you wanna score crack or a prostitute, bad if you want your car to be safe in the lot after dark. 

If you wanna watch a game in a chain restaurant, this is the place. If you wanna hang out in a bar with some personality, drive a mile south.
Believe it or not, this was my first time.

The place is nice, the service kind of hit and miss and the food pretty average. 

Good thing they have a vast selection of sauces so there are options as long as you like wings.

Nothing impressive but a fair place to have a quick bite.

Tuesday and Thursday they have wing specials.

Enjoy
Terrible
It's Buffalo Wild Wings, what can I say.

Good wings, big bar, many TVs.  Service was good, beer was cold, and food came out in a timely manner.  We used to live in Surprise and were happy to see this franchise come closer to Phoenix.  Good place to catch a game or a UFC fight.
Ehhh, not too bad. 3.5 stars. 

It took awhile for a waiter to come to our table once we were seated, but once Patrick showed up, he was very attentive and sweet. The food came out quickly, thanks to him. I loved my strawberry mango margarita... definitely one of the best I've had. We ordered wings, seasoned fries, and mozzarella sticks. Patrick brought us a ton of dipping sauce and consistently checked on us. To be honest, as far as the service goes - it's definitely 5 stars. As far as the food goes, it's 3 stars. I really don't know if I would come back unless I was in the area and had a craving for wings.
I am hopeful that another visit might prove to be as amazing as my first, and nothing like my second. I was contacted promptly by the manager, inviting to come in for another visit. I have yet to go, but am hopeful it will be better. I am impressed and the quick response time and customer service for reaching out.
I've been here a few times on and off over the past few months, and I have to say, it's not half bad.  Plenty of seating, staff and a decent menu selection.  When I'm here, I usually sit at the bar, and so far so good.

I've come here for happy hour, and they have some pretty decent specials.  I usually get the chili and cheese dip thing, and a beer depending on how I feel.  They have domestic taps on special for happy hour, and the selection is pretty good.  I think unless it's on tap and domestic, they won't put it on their happy hour menu, so you have to pay full price.  (I tried to order a specialty beer one time and this is how I found out.)

They have plenty of TV's and seem to host events here from time to time. Things such as raffles and a variety of other items.  Staff is friendly and helpful even when busy.  The last time I came here was Friday night, and that was okay.  I went with a plate of 8 boneless hot wings since I was to late for happy hour, and they came out a bit spicier then I had anticipated, but were tasty none the less.  The only setback was they served them to be in a cardboard tray instead of a plate, so when I was cutting them up with my fork and knife, one or two half's flew out and I was like WTF.  Granted, I may not be the most graceful girl in the world, but when food starts flying and booze isn't involved, I can only wish I would have had a plate instead.

The service here is pretty good, and never really had a bad experience.  They have a bazillion TV's so you can always catch some kind of sporting event no matter what it is. I also like that they have free trivia, and I play from time to time depending on if I'm alone or not. I never do very well, but hey, it's fun!
Buffalo Wild Wings always great!!
I love wings and this place is only a block from my house! Too bad they have terrible service and gave me food poisoning.
I had dinner here this evening (Tuesday July 9, 2013).  I had cold wings and warm beer.

I mentioned my issues to the manager on the way out and he acted like I was asking him the square root of a made up number.

To add insult to injury, my boneless wings were less like wings, or even nuggets, more like crumbs and they cost $8!!!
My husband and I just walked out without bothering to order anything.  We sat down at a half booth half table in the bar next to a large party and were greeted by a young man named Aaron.  He immediately told us the table was reserved as the party next to us had more people coming...thats funny I didn't know you could reserve tables in a bar during HH.  So here I am 9 months pregnant told to get up and move to an uncomfortable high top.  My husband mentions that if a table is reserved it should have signs on it so people don't sit down and have to move.  Instead of saying Im sorry or I'll let a manager know Aaron decides to get snappy and tell us we should just get there earlier next time. Thanks Aaron, we'll keep that in mind when we go anywhere but this Buffalo Wild Wings location.  As we got up to leave he sarcastically said goodbye and proceeded to be argumentative with my husband when he told him that his customer service skills were seriously lacking. Its a shame because we live right down the street and used to come here 2-3 times a month.
*UPDATE* We received a response from a manager ensuring he will retrain Melanie and offering us a complimentary meal! Very quick response (less than 12 hours). Thank you management!

We had a very unfortunate experience here. We arrived at 5:15pm on Sunday 8/18 and were seated. Our waitress, MELANIE, came and took our drink order. 10 minutes later she came back with our drinks and took our food order. About 20 minutes later she came back with a Mr. Pib refill for my boyfriend but didn't refill my water. Around 30 minutes later, we realized it was already 6:15 and we had spent an hour still waiting for our appetizer. We finally flagged down another waiter and asked him to check on our food and see if he could locate our waitress who was no where to be found. Around 10 minutes later she came back with our food, which was lukewarm. We think she forgot about us and let our food sit out for a long time before she came back. She didn't apologize or make any attempt to fix the situation, though she knew we were upset. Maybe MELANIE should go back to training for a bit, spend some one-on-one time with a manager. We love BDubs and we are avid customers. But we were highly disappointed.
Crap service, they know its packed so they don't even try, I'd give it a zero star if I could.
We came in Sunday to watch football, this was my first time at this location. Luckily my game was on the big screen in the bar and the guy who was changing channels put the other game I wanted to watch on the next biggest TV for me. 
So far we're off to a good start. 

We had Alexis for our server and she was PHENOMENAL. If my boyfriend's drink got a little more than half empty he had a new one there instantly. At no point did we ever have to ask for anything, she was there like clock work. 

We ordered apps in the first half and they were OK, nothing special. In the second half we ordered lunch. His chicken sandwich was great but my boneless wings were dried out and a little tough to chew. 

The service is what made this visit totally worth it.
I went to lunch there today and here is my experience:
We were in the restaurant for 1.25 hours.  That's a long time for mediocre wings in chintzy cardboard boxes, especially if you are a working jane.  The restaurant was full but no one was eating.  Did something happen in the kitchen?  
We waited a long time for our check, we finally had to stand up to let them know we were ready to go.  
This is the 3rd time I have tried BWW and it is the last.  I have never had a good experience in this restaurant.
I am really hooked on the Ultimate Nachos right now. It keeps me coming back again and again. The only fault of this restaurant is how they handle Sundays. I came with my Mom (from New Orleans) to this location in Phoenix, AZ  on Sunday around noon to watch the end of the Saints game. The hostess says it will be over an hour to seat us. 2 people. Just 2 people. Well we stayed because we could watch the game while waiting by hostess station. I do credit a waitress, who suggested to us the tables outside (weather here was cool that day). We took the offer and enjoyed the Saints-Bears game with our food until it was over. Thanks BW3.
Love going there. My friends and I go there all the time for beer and wings. It's really fun to go and hang out and be apart of the atmosphere. It's a sports bar, so it's loud. But that's what a sports bar is! Duh! The servers are always very nice and seems as if they really enjoy their workplace and customers! My friend works there and can back me up on that. :) 

Beer is always good! And wings are never a disappointment!
Good food but you can get that in other BWW. Waited to be greeted for 6 minutes the host came out from the back chewing gum still talking to other crew members. I had  called in the order and was told it would be 15 minutes I got there in 20 and had to wait anther 15 minuets. The BWW in tempe definitely out ranks this one. over unhappy with this store
We go here at the end of almost every month after class. It's a good time, everyone is always friendly, the staff is really accommodating to our group, and someone is always around to offer wing sauce samples. 

I feel a little weird giving 5 stars to a chain restaurant, but I've never had any problems here, they've never gotten our order wrong, we've never even had to wait for seats!
After a couple months this place as really got it's thing going. Service is great, staff is friendly and food comes out in a timely matter for it being BWW.. It's always packed when i'm there and service is still great.
been here a few times to watch the game which is always nice but id have to say the food isnt that great, thinking its the place for wings youd think itd be better but the wings werent that great, the chicken tastesold and cheewy and the service isnt that great either they are very friendly but never make sure your drinks are refilled or if you need anything else. good environment but the best food id recommend the spinach dip or pretzels thats about it
The food was just okay even though I really liked the jerk wings. Maybe I wasn't in the right mood for it, but the music was too loud and there were too many TVs and hyper-stimulation. I was a little overwhelmed and underwhelmed at the exact same time.
We came in for dinner and watch some college football Friday night. Since we've been here multiple times to watch NFL and MLB we know that good service can be provided even when they're crazy busy. 

The bar is seat yourself so we sat and waited and waited for someone to come wipe off our table (it was the only one available) and bring us menus. Not a huge deal since they were super busy. 

Our server (who will go unnamed) greeted herself and took our drink orders. I ordered a long-island iced tea since they were on special and I haven't had one in forever. It was HORRIBLE, I have had many Long-Islands in my day and this by far was the worst. It was orange, I think they filled the glass half way with sour mix, added some well liquor even though it was supposed to be top-shelf and forgot the splash of coke. Problem is she brought the drink when she took our food order so I didn't get a chance to drink it until she walked away. Normally, I won't say anything, I'll just down the drink and order something else next time. This was so bad and so sour I couldn't even get it down. 

Finally I flagged her down and ordered something else, when I told her I would like to get something else because...well i couldn't finish my sentence because her ADHD took over and away she went. I sat there with my mouth opened wondering if I was even talking out loud (my bf assured me I was). She left the drink on the table so I really wasn't certain she heard me. 

Then the food came. I had ordered a create-your-own chicken sandwich with a side salad instead of fries. The sandwich came out exactly as I had ordered. However, I had the wrong dressing for my salad and we had no silverware. She dropped off the food, never asked if we wanted anything else and just took off, I tried stopping her but that was a lost cause. 

I sat there looking around, trying to make eye-contact with anyone who was glancing my way. Our server was just standing by the bar chit-chatting. Finally someone walked by and I asked if we could get silverware and ketchup, I had high-hopes she would bring me a fork, but she didn't. So there I sit some more, unable to eat my salad. Finally a manager walked by and I asked him, instead of him grabbing it, he shouted for someone else to do it. YAY, I got a fork. Too bad the dressing was wrong (and not tasty) and no server to ask to correct it. Finally when I'm putting my last bite in my mouth she came over and asked how we're doing. Really? You're going to ask me now? UGH. 

Well at this point I'm fed up and while we'll probably go to BW3 in the future, it certainly will not be this location.
First walked in and no one greeted us. A server even walked right past so I just went and sat myself in the bar tables knowing they're open seating. Our server, Stefani was one of the worst servers I've had before. I think she might of been training because someone was shadowing her but she didn't say a word and neither girl introduced the mysterious follower. There was no engagement no suggesting no anything. Service was slow. Food was no better. I love Bdubs but will never find myself at this location again. Go the extra couple miles and try a new location.
Food was great! Service a little above average. Fast and friendly. Only complaint is it's a little too loud to have a conversation.
I like BW3s and at home, I'm a regular (once or twice a month).  I enjoy sitting at the bar and watching a game, and the food is decent but well priced.

At this location (visiting from out of town), I walked in and the bar was completely empty, which I've never seen at the one I usually go to.  Then when I sat down, I quickly learned why...it stunk.  The area smelled like cheap cleaning products, kind of like bleach with other heavy cleansers.  I ended up having a beer and leaving, and that was too long.
I went back twice since, and have to he honest both times was good food and great service. And I never told the servers about my previous experiences so I really do think it was a one off.
I normally like BWW for beer and wings but this one is pretty terrible.  The service is poor, upon arriving there was a wait, so the girl asked if we wanted inside or outside I asked what the waits were for each and she said 10 for inside and about 20 for outside.  I put us down for inside so it would come up quicker, then several people came up behind us and were seated before us, on the patio.  Weird.  So we are seated and we order  beers and appetizers (garlic mushrooms) and the mushrooms came before the beer.  And they were tiny.  I tasted no mushrooms in the breading, and I've had them before and they haven't been like that.  By the time I got my beer I was so thirsty I drank it all before my wings came.  Then my mango habenero wings came, and no beer.  So while waiting for my next beer my songs got cold.  Bad experience, bad meal, if we do ever go back to a BWW it won't be this one.
Our server was great..  ! It wasn't very busy ,we got sat right away,everyone was nice even the manager stopped by to see how we were doing that rarely happens at bdubs, overall probably the best Buffalo wild wings that I have ever visited
Been here at least a dozen times.  Gets a little chaotic at times but pretty standard bdubs.  We went for the draft a couple days ago and service was terrible.  45 mins to get beer and the wings came out over an hour after we ordered and they were cold.  Very disappointing ... Went across street to hooters and finished night.  Likes bdubs food way better but can't deal with that bad of service.
Ordered a pickup of traditional hot buffalo wings and french fries. I've had better wings they were okay not that great. French fries were great though.
Unorganized from the beginning. Waiter outside was in a bad mood. New waiter was helpful. Food is good but takes too long to arrive. Waited 45 min just to get our check. Definitely not coming back..
Went in for my lunch and Stefanie was the bartender. She was very fun  and remembered me from my last visit, I thought that was great! Good suggestions and samples of new beers I wouldn't have tried on my own, and I was impressed with her knowledge of the beers themselves. My food came out quick and accurate. I left very satisfied.
Service is HORRIBLE!! Waited at table for 15 min before i called manager over to tell him,.i watched employees shoot the breeze while i dat there,NEVER AGAIN
We came with a party of 20 and they managed to find use a seat within 10 minutes. 

The food was really good and I loved the waitress that we had. She got all of our orders correctly and our refills kept on coming. 

Overall I'd have to give this place 5 stars.
This place is basically a sports bar. Plain and simple. If you want bar food and drinks then this is the place for you!

I came around 6pm on Friday and was seated at the bar promptly. No complaints there. Service began rather quickly and we decided on onion rings as a starter and a couple mojitos while we sorted through the menu.

The onion rings were very good and the dipping sauce reminded me of the sauce Outback uses with their blooming onion. 

The mojitos we got were the angry berry mojitos with the angry orchard in them. My wife had a sip and hated it so she opted for another one, which the manager happily replaced and didn't charge us for. I didn't mind mine.

We both ordered small orders of wings in Caribbean Jerk and Hot flavors. The Jerk was spicy yet sweet and quite good. The hot was exactly how it sounds.

We ordered another round of mojitos which came out quick. We also ordered some cheese curds, but they never came out. We had to cancel our order because we'd had enough of the noise after sitting for an hour waiting.

If you get here during the slower times, the place is pretty good. If you happen to be here during the rush then prepare to suffer slow service and loud noise.
Good.  Same as every other BWW.
I went to this place yesterday evening with my two kids. It was a Sunday night and a football game was just beginning so it was pretty loud but not like crazy loud. One side was for families and the other was walled off with a bar on that side. No wait to be seated which was nice. Lots of tv's. I brought my daughter to the family restroom and there was no soap on the soap dispenser. It wasn't all out. It was EMPTY. I told the manager about this when he came around at the end of our meal so hopefully he did something about it. I also told the hostess. I ordered the boneless wings and they were just barely lukewarm. I sent them back and they brought me another order which showed up on my bill. Luckily I looked it over closely before I paid and the waitress apologized and took it off. The wings were VERY crispy, like hurt your mouth when you chew crispy and dry too.  I had a cherry limeade to drink. it was very sweet. i switched to water after that. The wait staff was friendly but I was not impressed with the food. The wings weren't special and everything came in paper bowls. Just way too casual and uninspired. I wouldn't return. I could get better wings from a pizza place. Ones that wont leave my mouth bleeding.
I have been on a wing crazy for several weeks now. We have been talking about trying BWW. We went for a late lunch Saturday. They were busy, but no wait for seating in the bar. We ordered our drinks and had to look over the menu. We ordered the Parmesan garlic wings and the Triple Threat Nachos. When our food finally arived, the wings and nachos were barely lukewarm. The wings were average, different choice of sauces was a plus, but nothing spectacular. The do not have regular plates I guess, since we were given little paper trays.
We were not impressed with the food or the service. We will not be returning. The food was way over priced for the quality.
Better off going to your favorite pizza place or dive bar for some good wings.
Stopped by for the grand opening tonight. It was nice, but nothing particularly stand out special about it. Not bad, just not wow. Lot's of tv's for sport's bar viewing. A half indoor/outdoor room where smoking is allowed since it is on an Indian reservation. I really like the roll up windows so we can enjoy our great weather. I hope to come back for happy hour soon and re-review.
What do you do on a Wednesday when you have two hours to kill before work? You treat yourself to a decent meal, of course! So, while I was running some late morning errands at the Pavilions shopping center in Scottsdale, I was reminded that this Hooters had recently opened up!

Now, if you've ever been to a Hooters before, they typically all look the same. However, being a new place, this particular Hooters is quite a bit nicer than the restaurants I've seen in the past. 

The whole place feels very open. It probably has something to do with the fact that the front of the building is made up almost completely of windows http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1VKjDpPJdVoiRc8I9f7U9g?select=QAZc_ZBCj2W6IGQkJ59Ipg#EIXDzWZ9dQaeOBa8OwtBXA. It might have also helped that it was noon, and exceptionally bright outside. (NOTE: Sitting near these windows at high noon can be almost TOO bright. Try and sit in a section not facing the windows until later in the afternoon or into the evening).

When I entered the building, the hostess greeted me with a chipper, "HI! WELCOME TO HOOTERS!" which was immediately followed by a CHORUS of echos from every other waitress in the building. It caught me off guard to be greeted by so many people at the same time...almost like I had just walked into my own surprise party.

I met my waitress, Kimberly, and she escorted me to my seat. She was one of the most chipper people I've encountered in quite some time. Upon arriving at my table, I noticed that Kimberly had placed a napkin at each of her tables that had her name on it, adorned with hearts http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1VKjDpPJdVoiRc8I9f7U9g?select=QAZc_ZBCj2W6IGQkJ59Ipg#KOhdogn1LHO99Rh_acBnZw. Personally, I thought that this was a really cool touch.

After I sat down, Kimberly asked me if I was there for Hooters' "All You Can Eat Wings Wednesday" http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1VKjDpPJdVoiRc8I9f7U9g?select=QAZc_ZBCj2W6IGQkJ59Ipg#o3X4gzNiSR3HX_TISI9jhA. She was surprised to hear me decline (hey...I still had things to do after this meal!). 

Instead, I opted for the Baja Burger. MAN this thing is delicious! It's a nice thick burger topped with Monterey Jack Cheese, Salsa, and Guacamole http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1VKjDpPJdVoiRc8I9f7U9g?select=QAZc_ZBCj2W6IGQkJ59Ipg#lROUi_7rwe__S1Q1msJQdQ. I always have my burgers cooked "medium". To me, it keeps the burger nice and juicy. Today's encounter was no different. SUCH a delicious burger!

As I was enjoying my meal, I took a look around the restaurant. The set up is quite nice. The bar is fully stocked with liquor and beer. But one of the coolest features (besides the four televisions I saw on MY side of the bar) was the bank of frozen drinks on tap. I counted 10 different frozen concoctions http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1VKjDpPJdVoiRc8I9f7U9g?select=QAZc_ZBCj2W6IGQkJ59Ipg#AzPr7Vpt0XQnnZF6TtpQpQ. 

I opted to sit in the corner of the restaurant, just so I could take a look at the whole restaurant. As I sat, I counted all of the televisions I could see from my section. I think I counted upwards of 20, though there were some TVs on the other side of the bar, I'm sure. Of those 20 televisions, I could physically see the pictures clearly of 13 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1VKjDpPJdVoiRc8I9f7U9g?select=QAZc_ZBCj2W6IGQkJ59Ipg#PZRIMs2lvJel7FaGqUxfOA. It looks like this place could be a GREAT place to come and watch whichever sport tickles your fancy.

One last thing. If you're worried about seating, fear not. Besides the bar area, the tall tables along the front wall of windows, and the tall tables strewn throughout the, there are booth seats as well. Now, I know that's typical of ANY restaurant. But, these booths are a little different. 

It looks as though this location is trying to maximize viewing angles for their entertainment Mecca. The seating for each booth actually wraps around into the next set of booths http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1VKjDpPJdVoiRc8I9f7U9g?select=QAZc_ZBCj2W6IGQkJ59Ipg#YW2g8Dj6_47O-meQcDfQwA. This seating will, undoubtedly increase people's ability to view more TV's at once...though, sitting with your legs directly into the path of the waitresses and the other patrons MIGHT cause issues...especially after a few beers!

So, WELCOME, Hooters of Scottsdale! I'm sure we will be seeing more of one another in the months to come!
I ordered the pickle chips and they were awful!!!! The bartender, Natalie, asked how my meal was and I told her they were horrible and I would NEVER order them again. She apologized and said "sorry you're not feeling them" and stll charged me. Not going back and I will make sure to tell friends about my experience...
Super friendly people working there.  I must have heard 10 hellos when I came in.  Lots of tvs to watch games, good food, and great service.  I will be back!
Always a great place to watch UFC events. They don't have a cover charge when most places do. Food is average, not great. But the sweet waitresses make up for that.
YUCK!!!
I wanted wings tonight and remembered that hooters was opened so decided to check it out. Same as other reviews, a huge band of Hooters girls say HELLO when you walk in. Allie was my server and was training 2other girls tonight. We liked the Daytona wings but not really the original. There wasn't anything wrong with them, we just didn't like the texture. We shared a Cobb salad and it was nice and big with lots of ingredients. Fried pickles are always a treat. The frozen Bellini and mudslide were awesome and I liked how the manager came by to see how everything was and even gave me some tasters of the frozen drinks do I could see which one I liked. Overall, I'd say we had a great experience.
Cool bar with respect to televisions and space and... That's the end of the positives. The food is sub par... Chicken and burgers tasted like they were frozen (processed and very fatty) and the cole slaw so soggy it wasn't edible. Even the salad was bad with lots of rusty lettuce. No reason for any of this... As soon as a real restaurant at talking stick opens this place is done. Oh and the service is terrible... Took 45 minutes for 2 frozen entrees. You have been warned.
Service was great, beer was super cold (26 degrees), I lost count on how many micro-brews they have on draft, but they have all of my favorites.  And of course, they have great wings.  Also, no shortage of TV's It is a Hooters, so if you don't like that type of place, then don't go.  But other wise, if you want a great cold beer or two, some wings and service by a nice, friendly staff, then head on over...
It's Hooters. Great place to watch UFC fights. They have lot's of weekly specials. And they also have Hooters. So yeah uh go there or whatever.
Much cleaner and more open feeling than most Hooters. The pub-style food is consistently good and the service always includes a big smile. The signature hooters wings are fantastic so are the buffalo shrimp IF you can get them butterflied. I also tried the shrimp po-boy sandwich for the first time and was really impressed.
Just stopped by for a quick bite to eat. Seen the adult smoothies variety and just had to have one. I was expecting a small cup size but it was actually larger and really good. Had the wings and was surprised how awesome they tasted.
We've gone here 3 times now and they keep getting worse.  The last time was take out and when we got home the order was totally wrong.
All is right with the world. After going to that gawd awful hooters in Vegas and getting the worst wings I've ever had anywhere, I needed to wash that memory away..Stopped in here for a quick lunch. They have 2x as many beers on tap, a nice open setting, cushioned bar seats, well placed tvs and polite quality hooters girls. Also, the wings were perfect!!! Thanks for restoring hope in mankind. I can rest easy again.
All you can eat wings Wednesday. Awesome.
Hooters is losing its "trendiness" for sure. Nice place overall and the staff seems very nice, they just seem as though they are faking it sometimes in a way. Beer selections are average and good is just typical bar food.
Not sure if anybody has discovered this Hooters as it was fairly empty on a Friday night. Great drink specials during the 2-6pm happy hour and beyond. You can get a shock Top pint and domestics for $2 and most other craft beers for 3 bucks. The chalkboard has other deals after HH ends and yesterday it was Corona for $3 a bottle. They have all the sports packages and Yankees game was turned on quickly. The two bartenders that night were attractive and talkative as well. Still, can't pull the trigger on food, but might try some mozzarella sticks during HH next time, which are four bucks.
Went for the endless wings Wednesday.  Nothing too special, lots of sauce (Actually made us sick to our stomach).  Place looked pretty clean, waitress was VERY nice and on top of her stuff!
Great Hooters location, especially for lunch because they are fast!
The food was fantastic - we had our favorite wings and a generous chicken caesar salad.  However, the service was very poor at this location for our visit on Friday 10/04.  The waitress was rude, delayed placing our order, and did not check on our table during the meal.  Most of all, it was very disappointing when we had to return 2 minutes after we left because a member of our party left his wallet at the table.  The table was not bussed yet when we returned but the check was picked up.  Since the wallet was not where he left it, we asked the waitress who claimed she did not notice a wallet.  As soon as we asked to see the manager, she returned with the wallet instead.  Very disappointing as our perception is that she intended to keep if had we not asked to see the manager.
Stopped in to watch a bit of hockey and get some wings.  Dave the manager was awesome and the bartender kept my beer full and cold.  Go Caps!
We chose Hooters instead of Buffalo Wild Wings because we were with a friend who is from Ireland and had never been to a Hooters. It took 45 minutes for our food to arrive, when we were seated, there was less than 10 parties in the whole restaurant. We asked the server to send the manager over and he blamed the slowness on the kitchen getting slammed because there was an event nearby, but we had arrived before "the kitchen was slammed". He said he would look at our checks and get back to us, he never returned to our table. Our server came back and asked if everything had been taken care of and we said the manager never came back, she finally was able to get our checks. The manager did give us a discount off of our check, but I was overall disappointed in the whole experience and felt bad for our visiting friend who's first impression of Hooters was terrible.
First time that I tried a food item that did not have a wing involved. The Patty melt had a 1/2 pound of fresh ground meat with bacon and Daytona sauce, carmelized onions and cheddar cheese. At about $10.50, it was a bit pricey and they skimped on the onion rings that came with burger, but I enjoyed this burger which was a surprise. It was fresh beef, cooked to my liking and the sauce was kind of BBQ sauce, but better tasting somehow. Lots of new menu items at Hooters, but this burger has been upgraded and is much better.
I know Hooters isn't exactly fine dining but the service is always so friendly and nice that it deserves a good review. This is where we go for wings and a beer, they are good. We aways get the regular hot wings, the medium sauce is more like margarine or something. Sometimes the boneless wings are dry. 
We bring our kid with us and the girls always stop to say hi to her and give her a balloon. 
Love the service, always great.
Horrible service!!! Food was O.K. (it's Hooters what do you want) but service was terrible!!!!! Maby it's because I'm used to going to the Hooters in Beach Place Ft. Lauderdale where they are ROCK STARS!!!! Do your self a favor & go across the street to B-DUBS.
I never had a bad experience in this location.  The waitresses and staff are very friendly and always have a good sense on when to check on you when / if you need something.  Food is good (just like every other Hooters) and the environment is welcoming.

If you are a fan of the wings, then wednesday is the day to go.
This place has horrible service.Our crew went there last night, the place was kind of empty. The guy behind the bar yelled to us to sit anywhere we like. We Sat out on the patio and no one even came out to greet us. After 15 minutes one of our guys went back inside and asked for service. One of the waitresses came out and had nothing but bad attitude. Then when we got our beers, another 20 mins later. They we're warm. Then when I asked for another beer she told me " Put it outside for a little while". The manager had to come out and bring me a new beer. 
I love Hooters. I eat at every Hooters in every city that I visit. I've never had service this bad in my life. I will never visit this location again. I wish you could give them -5.
I'm not one to write reviews, but after the stellar service I received today I felt compelled to. I am not a frequent visitor to Hooters. My wife and I tend to prefer local non chain restaurants where the food is fresh and customer service is good. Today we were on our way to a Spring Training game when we decided to venture into Hooters.

Our server was named Cassie and she totally put my wife at ease with her great and warm persona.  Not quite knowing what we wanted, she told us the food here is fresh and guided us with food selection.  I had the Western BBQ burger and my wife went with Cassie's suggestion of boneless wings with the Chipotle Honey sauce. My wife can't tolerate a lot of spice and we were assured the wings would be flavorful and without a strong spicy feel to it. 

My wife loved the wings and was really impressed.  So much so that she wants to come back again!! My burger was also fantastic, but not quite well done the way I had hoped. Cassie  took it back to the cook and had it fixed in minutes! Our glasses were kept full the whole time and she even recommended some great desserts (chocolate cake and caramel cheese cake. I expect good service when I go out to eat, but Cassie really made our stay quite enjoyable with her service to us. To top it off we were in a hurry to make the game in time and she worked hard to get us out in time.

We are very glad to have gained a new perspective of Hooters and will be back again!
I'm not one to write reviews, but after the stellar service I received on Saturday 3/1/2014 I felt compelled to. I am not a frequent visitor to Hooters. My wife and I tend to prefer local non chain restaurants where the food is fresh and customer service is good. Today we were on our way to a Spring Training game when we decided to venture into Hooters.

Our server was named Cassie and she totally put my wife at ease with her great and warm persona.  Not quite knowing what we wanted, she told us the food here is fresh and guided us with food selection.  I had the Western BBQ burger and my wife went with her suggestion of boneless wings with the Chipotle Honey sauce. My wife can't tolerate a lot of spice and we were assured the wings would be flavorful and without a strong spicy feel to it.

My wife loved the wings and was really impressed.  So much so that she wants to come back again!! My burger was also fantastic, but not quite well done the way I had hoped.  Our wonderful server ook it back to the cook and had it fixed in minutes! Our glasses were kept full the whole time and she even recommended some great desserts (chocolate cake and caramel cheese cake). 

I expect good service when I go out to eat, but this particular server  really made our stay quite enjoyable with her service to us. To top it off we were in a hurry to make the game in time and she worked hard to get us out in time.

We are very glad to have gained a new perspective of Hooters and will be back again!
Met friends here before going to spring training game.  Beer was good and cold.  Our server was good as well.  The food here is pretty much the same as any Hooters and not a favorite of mine.  Anymore I will pretty much order the same thing, wings, cajun style, naked.  The breaded one's are just too much breading.  Another friend ordered loaded tater tots and they came glopped with sour cream and cheese sauce...yuck...unless you've already had numerous adult beverages, then they might be OK!
Anyways, it's better then the Buffalo Wild Wings across the street and there really aren't too many options out by Salt River Field. (the food is better at the ballpark, btw).
Was very surprised to walk in on a Saturday night to find it not very crowded & this was after a big event at Salt River Fields.  We had a table of 7 people and our service was extremely slow.  My wings were good as usual, however the onion rings were cold (like they were sitting out waiting for the wings to be done).  Another person in our party had to have their boneless wings returned because they came out cold also. The manager did come out to replace the boneless wings & apologize for the problem.  But our service there just fell flat.  We all wished we had decided to go to Buffalo Wild Wings which is right across the street.  I will probably give this Hooters another chance in the future, but if the service is the same it will definitely be the last time I go.
The two star is ONLY because I love hooters food...seriously the b*tchiest waitress I have ever encountered. The place was empty and she didn't even seem like she wanted a table! Will not be back to this location...ever.
Great hot wings and burgers with fries. Orders may be slow somtimes but its worth the wait. Great Juke-Box, Kareoke Night on Fridays and Saturdays, you can play pool and play darts in the back. the atmosphere is very fun and lively I had a great time when I was visiting and I will surelly be back when I have the chance.
Met up with a friend here to have some drinks. The crowd was very sketchy. Lots of bikers and hoodlums. Was a hold on tight to your wallet tight type of place. Although I hear they have very good wings. Might have to hire a body guard and go check them out.
The only reason they get 1 star is because the wings. This is the most nasty, disgusting and rude place you can sit down n eat. The ppl who horse bet has no respect for other customers. The Russian waitress is a true b****. She rubs me as a racist. The old bar tender finger nails are filthy.  He rubs me as a meth head. The old white lady is for sure a meth addict. PPL SAY NO TO DRUGS N PURPLE TURTLE
OK, it was kinda fun to watch the little man on my computer screen "take" my order and fake-make my pizza and send it off for delivery in real-time. It was a little startling to hear him address me after the delivery to tell me he hoped I enjoyed the food!  Geekiness aside, the food was made and delivered in under 30 minutes. The driver was friendly and the food was good. I don't know if they're all the same but this one has a variety of sub sandwiches, various chicken wings, miniature parmesan cheese bites (sort of like mini soft pretzels with parmesan), and , of course, pizza. They also have pasta meals.  If you're in a hurry for a quick fix, this place will do.
It never ceases to amaze me just how UN-impressed I am when I order a pizza from Domino's.  I guess you get what you pay for.  There's a reason this Domino's is consistently ranked in the bottom tier of their franchise stores.
Order delivery a few times a month. The pizza and wings are always hot and tasty (hunger is the best ingredient).  Delivery drivers are usually quick & friendly. They have made mistakes & forgot sauces that were paid for to accompany items I have ordered on more than one occasion. I finally decided to call and complain after the 4th (possibly 5th) time and the manager was very responsive and handled the situation to my satisfaction. We haven't had any issues since.
Horrible Dominos! They forgot an item from my order and when I called about it, the way they offered to resolve the situation was like it was my fault.. I should've stuck with my instincts and went for Pizza Hut! 

Oh by the way, their pizza is so effin SALTY!! Yuck!!!
Best wings in Tempe. The Louisana rub flavor is spicy and flavorful. $2.75 bud lights. I'd rather go here for a quick meal and a beer than Buffalo Wild Wings any day. Great and friendly service, it's a no brainer.
I recently discovered Wing Stop and have already tried their boneless wings three times. The boneless wings have light, crunchy breading that isn't greasy. They also use big chunks of white meat chicken, so you get a good amount of meat as well. There are about 10 different flavors of sauce to try. My favorite so far is the cajun. It's a very spicy combination of buffalo-style sauce and cajun herbs/spices. Next, I like the Louisiana rub, which is similar, but dryer and less spicy. Some other good flavors are BBQ, Hawaiian, teriyaki, and lemon pepper. The boneless wings are priced nicely at $0.60 each every day of the week. I have also tried the seasoned french fries, which are pretty good, but not a must-have.  

The wings are made to order, which means you should expect to wait about 10 minutes after placing your order. There is a small dining room at this location with about 10 tables, but you can also order take-out at the counter or call ahead. The staff has been pretty friendly on my visits. I would say the quality of service and food crushes the nearby Buffalo Wild Wings, so I will definitely choose Wing Stop from now on.
We just moved from Nashville and was looking for good wings. We had a Wing stop by us and loved it. I found this one by my office and took them home for dinner last night. I thought I was back home. They were amazing! Great flavors. We got garlic parm (my favorite), lemon pepper (my 4 year old) and original hot (everyone's favorite. Try it and you will be disappointed.
I've been to the Wing Stop in California multiple times, but this location in particular I've ate at twice. They have nearly 10 different wing flavors to choose from, so whether you're a spicy or mild fan, you should find be able to find one you like. 

I've had the Hawaiian flavor which has a sweet, mild flavor and the lemon pepper; which I know a lot of people swear by, but to me it tastes like a chicken tender with pepper on it. The fries are always really good! In my opinion even better than the wings. 

Every Wing Stop location I've been to, the taste/quality of the food is consistent. HOWEVER.... this location definitely took a turn for the worst in the customer service aspect. The employees seem bored and unhappy to be at work. The girl working the register (who took my order both occasions) didn't crack a smile once and came across a little bitchy...

Also there were 2 tables with trash/trays on them from previous customers that were there when we arrived and remained even after we left. This place is pretty small and both times it was empty, so there's no reason for it to have been anything but spotless.
I call in early so I can eat quick.. because I'm hungry.. and I need to get out quick. I get in, pay. Then I sit reading for 30-45 minutes and finally realize it's been way too long and ask what the deal is. The terd who took my order was apparently completely out of it and was twiddling his thumbs while my order he took sat right next to him. All of the times I've been there it seems to take quite a bit longer than expected. 
There wings are great but this really annoyed me. They get a one star for now.
I had a very bad experience on my last trip and likely won't be coming back. I called in my order and was told it would be ready for pickup in 14 minutes. I didn't arrive until about 20 minutes and they were clearly in disarray. Nevertheless, I waited at the counter for another 20 minutes (40 minutes total now), before canceling my order and asking for a refund. The manager had the audacity to give me a disgusted attitude while processing the refund and said, "we're backed up tonight - I've been telling people 14 or 20 minutes." Well, 40 minutes is ridiculous and far, far longer than both of those "estimates." If you're going to take an hour to serve wings, then be honest; don't lie to me, waste my time, and then insult me on top of it. This behavior is completely unacceptable.
It simply does not get better than this!  Put a Wing Stop next door to Buffalo Wild Wings....  They would then need to re-name the Tempe Bowl Game, cuz Buffalo's would cease to exist around here....  Why are you in this small plaza, small store and, unseen?  YOU NEED TO BE ON MILL AVE, or next to Jimmy John's on Apache.... Or on ASU games and on campus.

The large fries are too much for two ppl, bring a 3rd... Think bigger and better than 5 Guys, and 1/3 the grease.  Chicken is perfect, never over-fried and great seasoning.  They've got a friend for life now.
We gave Wing Stop a second chance after the debacle that I wrote about a few months prior. Our experience was quite the opposite. There were new staff members and the place was quiet and empty when we arrived. The cashier was very courteous. Our wings were on time and cooked the best we ever had from this location. This was quite a turnaround from my previous experience and I hope they can keep up with this kind of service on a regular basis.
The food was really good! The smart phone app has issues though, when you get the app it has a deal that you will get 5 free boneless...however it doesn't actually work, so that was a bit irritating. Not neccessarily the restaurants fault.

I had traditional wings in Lousiana Rub and Original hot with Bleu Cheese.  The Lousiana Rub ones were my favorite and I'll definitely have to get them again.  The Bourbon Baked Beans are amazing, I love baked beans and these had such a different but yummy taste!
Ate here yesterday with a friend.  Tried the boneless Cajun, traditional hot, traditional Louisiana rub, and fries with cheese sauce (I was hungry!).  The traditional hot was the best of the three.  The Cajun was good but didn't have a lot of flavor besides hot!  Wasn't a big fan of the Louisiana rub.  Fries were good and cheese sauce was a good up sell by the guy at the counter.  Good customer service and food was quick.  I'll be going back to Wing Stop!
Do you like Hooters for the Wings?? I don't I like it for other reasons!!! 
I like WING STOP for its WINGS!! 
This place has the best wings, original hot is the way to go with some seasoned fries and bleu cheese that will make you feel like a little kid getting their favorite toy in the store.
Great, friendly service! Excellent flavor options. My reasoning behind not giving 5 stars, the wings are a little smaller than the competition down the street...that said, they are slightly less expensive so that's fair I suppose! We'll be back for sure!
I haven't been to WingStop that many times before so I didn't expect customer service from a small wing joint. I was pleasantly surprised :) I like that even a fast food chain can have friendly people. My boyfriend walked up to the counter and asked for a box and the guy told him he'd wrap up our stuff for us. So my boyfriend then brought the tray up to the counter and he took our food and brought it back neatly boxed and bagged. I also went up to the counter and was greeted by a nice guy who asked if I needed a refill and filled my cup. It's the little things that make an establishment worthwhile to visit. You just don't have that at McDonald's. Service was a little slow. I personally don't think their wings are anything to rave about, but ill come back soon for sure because I was treated nicely.  Thanks WingStop!
Not really a big fan of the wings since it doesn't have a lot of meat on it.  But I do like to try out different sauces from the very spicy hot atomic to the sweet teriyaki.  Whatever you like, they have it.  The had the special boneless wings for 60 cents a piece, but no specials for the bone-in wings, not really sure why not.  I especially love their fries, so fresh and not too salty.  This location is right by ASU Tempe Campus and it's near few major freeways, Loop-202, Loop-101, SR-60, and I-10.  Traffic will be a little bit tight during afternoon rush hours.  Overall a great fast service, you should definitely check it out if you are a wing person and have never try it out before.  I would say that it's much much better than Hooter's and Buffalo Wild Wings.
Food wasnt that great. Everytime I come here the quality of food and taste keeps getting worse. Nothing beats canes
Just gave this place a second try and I am even more disappointed than I had been the first time. Same horrendous service, soggy fries, and mediocre wings. What really put the cherry on the cake was the "thug" cashier who was told 3 times that I wanted my order to go and he brought it to me as if I were eating-in. When I corrected him he began to roll his eyes and start huffing and puffing. No seriously, he looks like he is thirty. The food was just as bad. Soggy fries and tiny burnt wings that tastes like rubber, yeah no thanks. I am not sure what people like about this place but I guess it's good enough to impress a bunch of frat guys at the ASU campus nearby. If you appreciate quality service and good food don't waste your time here.
Amazing, unique, and fresh wings.  If atmosphere is important to you, then go elsewhere.  But if you are all about the food, then this is the place for you.  I dragged my lady (who loves wings) to this dive bar in the middle of nowhere.  She was very skeptical until she had a wing.  Apparently now we have to go there every Sunday for football.  Great great wings.
My brother-in-law said this place was awesome, and frankly I was skeptical when the gang and I pulled up.  It's definitely in the country, but I love a good dive bar.  The wings. are. awesome.  We got platters of each type of rub/sauce they offer.  The dry rub was my favorite.  Also, their blue cheese dip is delish!  I'm not usually one for blue cheese, but this stuff was crazy good. Definitely recommend this place.
A friend organized an outing to Chicken Lips...he'd heard they had good chicken wings and atmosphere.  CL is definitely a slice of Wisconsin...and the owner, Steve, epitomizes all that's right with our state.  He's friendly, gregarious...and he happens to make fantastic chicken wings!  He also makes his own blue cheese dip...which, as a blue cheese lover, I loved...big chunks of cheese in a tasty sauce!

Only knock on the place:  they can get a little overwhelmed with orders...and it doesn't take too many to overwhelm them.  But, on the plus side, they have Guinness on tap...so at least one can nurse one's beer whilst one waits.  They also have Hopalicious and Spotted Cow...so you can do a bunch of tasty nursing!

I had only the original recipe...which is really not spicy, in fact it's more like fried chicken with a bit of spice than a traditional  Buffalo Wings...where your lips should be appropriately burning after consumption.  A friend had the dry rub version and thought it quite tasty.

So, if you find yourself in the (relative) wilds of Sun Prairie...stop at Chicken Lips,
If you're looking for hot wings, they are not hot.  Small wings, they give you a decent amount but for a price.  The bar is not a bar; its in the bottom of someone's house.
Cash only.
Dive bar of dive bars. 
Not worth the drive
While visiting friends in Sun Prairie/Madison, I got dragged to Chicken Lips.  Not until I arrived did I realize that I surprisingly had the joint bookmarked---solely off of the stellar Yelp reviews causing it to pop up as one of Madison's best. *embarrassed*
Chicken Lips is literally just a minute or so drive outside of Sun Prairie's downtown on the side of a road among cornfields.  I don't know if I would consider it a restaurant.  It's more of a bar run out of a dude's (named Steve) first floor of his two-story house.  Think "Man Cave" or "Bachelor Pad" lacking any luxury, where "boys can be boys."  There are TVs, a pool table, arcade games, a side door that opens up to a tent for smokers, some nasty piss-ridden bathrooms.  If only Diners, Drive-ins, & Dives actually visited true dives, this is what I'd picture, except they only specialize in chicken wings, not much else...  There's a bulletin menu at the bar, which is where you also order.  As someone who is not a fan of spice and on a non-fried food cleanse diet, I became 'that' guy that the neighboring table of 30-somethings picked on.  They kept reminding me while in their drunk stupor, "You gotta get the wings."  I still ended up ordering a burger which was not very enjoyable and overcooked.  Nonetheless, the rest of my party ordered the infamous Wings.  You get your choice of Dry Rub (what it's all about: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chicken-lips-sun-prairie?select=xOFL05ID2XQU28ycv_wtzQ#NgrDOJ2ui4MlKh1-IVnOYg) or Original "Buffalo" wings.  Both come with a tasty side of homemade blue cheese dressing dip.  I could eat the entire cup of dip with just carrots and celery simple due to the fact that is has chunks of blue cheese hidden up in there!  Of course, I reminded myself, "When in Sun Prairie, do as a Wisconsiner would" and bit into each type of wing.  Without the dressing, the dry wings were admittedly the best wings I have ever had---freshly fried, full of meat, and extremely tasty.  Can't say I'd be back, if so it would definitely be take-out since I'm too prissy for a dive like this.  I will concur, the word on the street is right, they cook up some killer chicken wings!

Note: Before you leave, be sure to take a moment to absorb the glory of the bar and grill's name "CHICKEN LIPS" and the light-up sign picturing a rooster holding a martini: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chicken-lips-sun-prairie?select=xOFL05ID2XQU28ycv_wtzQ#xOFL05ID2XQU28ycv_wtzQ.  This is one place you would never find a martini glass, or even be seen with one in your hand...
Went here on a cold Thursday night with a couple of friends who were a little nervous to try this place. It's in a house-like building on the outskirts of town, with a chicken studying a martini on the sign, not to mention the weirdest name. 

Don't come here for the atmosphere, or the tap beer (my Guinness definitely tasted a little off), but do come here for the wings. We got the original style wings, made with a flavorful and slightly spicy dry rub and a tangy, vinagery buffalo sauce. Yum. Oh, and yes, the blue cheese dressing is all dat. 

If I lived in SP this would be my wings go-to spot hands down.
Go for the sign - a chicken drinking a martini.  The wings (which at $9 were the most expensive thing on the menu)  were quite good but I agree with the previous review that the beer tasted a little off.
my brother in law got me take out chicken wings from here.  the owner wanted him to stay and eat in as they would be ideally consumed fresh.  well, 10 mins later, they were still piping hot and delicious. i wish i could have tried this place fresh in house. 

the bluecheese ranch with side of celery was amazing. 

go here for the wings off the highway.
I was a little skeptical at first because its a little hole in the wall restaurant. I think it's family owned & operated. The inside was small and had three tables, but there was damage done to the tables. There isn't a waiter or anything, you order at the window and you're pretty much on your own after that. After my experience, I have to say, it was very delicious.

The golden wings were boneless, not over cooked and the sauce was so tasty! Not sure if this was a home made sauce, but it sure was good. The cheese steaks were good, definitely greasy and filling. I could agree to their award winning.

The only down side, was that this place was pricey. For what the food was, it shouldn't have been so pricey.
Found this place tonight randomly on Yelp! Glad I decided to try it. The food was great!! I had an order if bone in wings, cheese fries, & the works Philly cheese steak! The  restaurant is small & clean great for carry out & delivery but there are a few tables to stay & eat. The employees were very nice & friendly!! I will be going back.
Great Wings. I have to get the Philly Cheesesteak next time.
The food is excellent.  I had the garlic Parmesan bone-in wings and they were fabulous.  I asked for them crispy and they were wonderful, dusted with actual parmesan and not some weird Parmesan sauce.  The Philly is the best I've had around.  I got it with provolone and pepperoncinis.  The meat is tender and the sandwich melts in your mouth.  I wish I could get it with grilled green peppers instead though as the pepperoncinis were a little hot.

I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!  Definitely worth checking out.
I created my own flavor of wing, a honeymustard bbq wing!!!  40 wings for $30.  Doesn't get any better than this.  Great flavor, and just great overall attitude from the people that work there.  If you have an opportunity try their cookies as well.  Next time I'm there, I'll definitely need to try one of their steaks.  Bravo Wingettes, you are my new take out spot in the neighborhood.
Just a little hole in the wall Mom and Pop place. Saw it on Yelp and decided to try it out. Easy to drive right passed. Family Owned and Operated. Nice clean simple eating area inside or you can get it to go. They also deliver if you want which is cool.

Had to get some of the wings of course. They use fresh wings and never frozen which makes a big deference that you can taste. They get them straight from the chicken farms and avoid the middle man. Nice large wings that take more than a few bites to finish. Ordered them with Honey BBQ sauce with some hot sauce on the side for a little extra kick. I thought they were most excellent. Also ordered a West Coast style Philly which is like the standard Philly but with lettuce, tomatoes and a little mayo. Not bad at all. Next time I think I will try just the Steak and Cheese version or The Works. They also offer several appetizers and a couple salads that you can choose from the menu.

Definitely worth giving it a visit. It is nice to keep the money LOCAL when you can. Enjoy!
We loved this place! The wings are awesome and they have all different types of sauces and the Philly's aren't too bad either! I had the West Coast Philly with beef and it was delicious, did I feel guilty after eating? Yes, but I would do it again! My boyfriend had the The Works and loved his too. I do have to say if you get wings, one regular is enough to split between 2 people... we both had leftover. There prices are right on point in my opinion as well. 

Did I mention they deliver?! Philly Cheese steak and wings right to our door!
I came home from a long day at work and found a menu from this place stuck to my door.  I'm exhausted and have no desire to cook and they deliver??  SOLD!  The bottom of the menu had some coupons and we took advantage of what turned out to be quite an enormous meal... a 15" cheesesteak, 20 wings, large fries and a 2-liter of soda for $29.99. We got the steak and cheese with provolone, mushrooms on half.  Sweet and spicy wings, boneless.  

The wings were fantastic.  Sweet and spicy sauce is where it's at!  And this is coming from someone who really doesn't like wings.  These were large and fresh and flavorful.  The cheesesteak... if I was gonna get it again I would go with the wiz instead of provolone because I like them better that way but my husband prefers provolone.  In comparison I think Corleone's makes a better cheesesteak but they sure as heck won't deliver one to my house when I'm being lazy so this place will certainly do in a pinch.

They were very polite on the phone, not abrupt and hurried like a lot of delivery places can be.  The driver showed up on time, reviewed my order, made small talk.  Overall very pleasant experience.  Get the sweet and spicy wings!!
Ok, so I was lazy again and ordered from them again.  One thing to add:  Don't order the churros.  Completely stale.  The rest of the food was still good and since the churros were free I'm not downgrading their review but stick with the wings!
Best cheese steaks in town, hands down!!!! No joke, very fresh meat, many options to customize your order, and while u may pay a lil more than other spots, ITS WORTH EVERY PENNY!! Just writing about it makes me want another! Go enjoy one, now  ;)
Delicious!  We had wings - hot & sweet chili, the sampler which consists of poppers (cheddar), mushrooms, zucchini, mozzarella sticks, and onion rings as well as a cheesesteak.  Everything was amazing!  They beer batter the fried foods and everything tastes fresh, not frozen.  The prices are pretty good but I think the sampler is a tad pricey.  This is absolutely a locally owned place (which makes it better); they're closing down all next week to attend Country Thunder, lol.
We will DEFINITELY be back!
Liked the wings and cheesesteak very much,  but they are closed Mondays and oddly today, Tuesday, they are closed again.   Wondering if they are still in business.

**UPDATE, closed again today so I tried looking around the net for more info.  I found their Facebook page with the following text message addressing customers...

______
Posted Tuesday April 9th via mobile
The Wingettes family is flying the coupe this week!  We are closed from the 9-15th. We will be back open for business on the 16th to fill your chicken wing cravings!  Thanks you :)
______

All I can say is I can't see them lasting long here.  I hope I'm wrong because they did have some good food.  But seriously, no sign on the door, no message when calling them.  All you get is a dark store and a voice-mailbox full message.  Sadly, I don't think they are very serious about business.  For this reason I am reducing my 4-star rating to 3-stars.
Just had cheesesteak sandwiches delivered after a long day. Freakin amazing. Even better was the customer service. Both the girl that took my order and the delivery guy were extraordinarily sweet. I'll definitely be back. Often.
This place was so amazing. The wings had the right flavor and heat and the cheesesteak was amazing. They have actual wiz!! I got delivery and we asked the guy if he could do hot wings and medium drums and we were told that they could not do it. When we got the delivery by the guy who took our order he told us he split them up for us because we seemed nice on the phone! He was very personable and kind. We will most definitely going back.
Still on the search for great wings in this city, I found Wingettes on Yelp and decided to try it based on previous reviews. Small, clean Mom & Pop business. I ordered bone-in parmesan garlic wings, and boneless sweet chili wings to go. The woman who answered the phone was nice, and told me I can mix and match wing types/seasonings, which was nice. She told me the wings were extra big this week so they would take a little bit longer to cook (I love it when I'm surprised with larger than average meat!). 

When I arrived I was promptly and courteously greeted, and the owners struck up a conversation. I asked for my wings crispy and they were cooked perfectly crispy on the outside, moist and juicy  and perfectly done on the inside. They serve fresh wings, not frozen, which makes a difference in the flavor I think. Best wings I've had in Phoenix so far. Great food, appropriate prices, friendly service. Thanks Wingettes, I will be back!
VERY saucy wings, this isn't necessarily a bad thing.

The wings were well fried, not overdone. The garlic parmesan i got was just WAYYYY tooo MUCH parmesan and garlic on it. I love garlic. believe me i do, but i tasted this for a week after...

I will come back if i have a wing craving, but the flavors are lacking in my mind.

More/Better flavors could mean more stars ;)
Yuumm!! I had the west coast cheese steak (minus mushrooms)  & medium wings. The cheesesteak was amazing! The owner or cook (not sure which, maybe both) came out & showed us what chicken & beef he would be using. All fresh & perfect. Thought that was a nice touch. Wings were pretty good too.
I really dont understand what people think is so great about this place. The cheesesteak and fries are mediocre at best. Maybe I will try the wings for my second Groupon deal that came in the package but the prices across the menu are astronimical too.  You can spend $12+ and it doesnt even come with a soda. 

The only reason I gave this place a SECOND chance was because of the groupon.  My first experience initially turned me away due to price but decided to venture over anyway, then I stood at the counter for 5 minutes and the people behind the counter were too busy to acknowledge anyone was there so I walked out.  At least with the Groupon you can actually get lunch at a reasonable price.
We just tried Wingettes for the first time tonight. The boneless wings were really good sized and very tender. The three sauces we tried were great (medium, hot, and garlic Parmesan...VERY garlic-y!!) The cheese steak was good too. We got our order carry out so the bread was a little soggy after making the trip to our house and sitting for about 10 minutes. I think it would be far better dine-in. Regardless of the bread, the cheese steak was very flavorful. All in all we would definitely come back for more Wingettes.
Would love to post a review from experience, but since they don't answer their phone when they're open and when they plaster "We Deliver" everywhere...I can't.  I've tried calling 4 times today and they don't answer and it says their voicemail is full.  Not a good way to make money.

Also, allowing employees to post pictures on the restaurant's Facebook page about what they do when they're not busy...with profiles that link to vulgar and obscene pictures is probably not a good way to make money either.

After addressing my first issue with the restaurant via Facebook, no apology was made and my post was deleted after this incoherent response from the restaurant: 

"We are all family, and all families have emergencies. We had to attend a funeral, and was actually at the hospital. We were closed only 3 days that we were not supposed to be in the past couple months. And Sunday, we were open. Thanks again."

So according to their response, the day I tried ordering food, they were: 

1) At a funeral. 
2) At the hospital. 
3) Open but not answering their phone.
The wings are fabulous!  We've tried the parm-garlic,  spicy chili and hot - all very, very good. So good, in fact, that we went back a second night in a row for more! Wings are meaty, crispy and obviously not frozen previous to frying.
This place is a hole in the wall and at the back of a dumpy strip mall.  I read good reviews on it, so the hubs and I decided to try this place out.  They stated that they fry their chicken wings fresh and not frozen wings.  The wings were definitely tasty - I had the honey bbq ones.  I also tried their Philly Cheese Steak which was also really good - but a little on the pricey side, considering it doesn't come with anything else but the sandwich.  I've seen other yelper's complain about how this place is never open - and I came across this yesterday - as it shows their hours of operation during that time was "Open" so we drove there to find that they were closed.  I saw on their Facebook, after the fact, that they were closed both Saturday and Sunday.  They should announce that on their answering machine or post on their door.  Not everyone has FB.  I wish they cared more about their business because I'd like to come back and try it again.  They've stated a couple of times that they had family emergencies...so if that's legit, then fine, but it seems that it happens quite often.
Wings were tasty. Ordered by phone and 10 minutes later we took our delicious smelling wings home. Asked for extra crispy, but they steamed up up in the boxes. Sill tasted very good.
We tried here several weeks ago, and had the same experience others: CLOSED. We should have left well enough alone. We went back today and while the OPEN sign was lit, the front door was locked. The side door was open though (this was around 12:15pm, no noticed before then?). Ordered honey BBQ wings and a cheesesteak. The cheesesteak tasted like hamburger & cheese whiz, the wings had definite freezer burn, we threw away more than half. We won't be back, but we are pretty sure they wont be there long either.
This place is pretty ok. Great if you're hungover and want food delivered. Picked up once and was not at all impressed with the location or decor. It seems to be family owned which means I got to experience them getting snippy with each other as I waited. I asked for medium wing sauce mixed with honey mustard and was told by the girl that it probably wouldn't be good and that I wouldn't like it. Pretty sure I wouldn't have ordered it that way if I didn't like my wings that way...meh.
Cute little hole in the wall...big city taste!!  Employees were cheerful and fun.  Grabbed take out and the food was just as fresh when we got home.  Amazing wings and cheesesteak sandwiches!  Definitely will be back!!!
Just got my 2nd order from Wingettes (wanted to ensure 1st time was not a fluke). Put it this way, these are the best wings (bone in) in the Greater Phoenix area along with those from Firehouse (Tempe, I haven't been to the one in Scottsdale). Wingettes has awesome sauces (I got sweet chili and medium) and a wonderful house mande blue cheese sauce that blends perfectly with whatever sauce you get.  I do wish the wings were meatier (only characteristic holding them from 5 stars).  Definitely recommend Wingettes to anyone that has a craving for wings.
I order from this place quite often and the wings are good but there service is not.  the last 3 times i ordered from here, they were almost 30 minutes late and the wings were barely warm.  hardly seems worth the money when they deliver food that tastes like its been sitting for a while
Wingettes was recommended in the Arizona Republic and my wife and I tried it tonight.  A quaint restaurant run by a family.  They are committed to the business and it shows by how they talk about their food.  We tried the regular Philly Cheese Steak sandwich and The Works sandwich.  First, this restaurant uses Cheese Whiz and that is the only cheese that should be on a Philly.  The meat was tasty and tender, the bread rolls were soft and just the right size...I think they fly the rolls in from Philadelphia.  The Works, although not a traditional cheese sandwich was delicious and the Regular was as near as I have ever had in Arizona to a Philadelphia Cheese Steak.  ( I have eaten Philly Cheese in Philly and this restaurant is right on the recipe.)  
I recommend Wingettes highly.  I will return and try their wings.  I will bring family to try their delicious food.  Great people, great food, reasonable price for a high quality sandwich.
I saw a review below from a customer who tried placing an order, around 5 months ago, but they never answered the phone. Well, I'm experiencing the SAME THING...5 months later. 

Today, we received their flier on our door and decided to give them a try (its Wednesday @ 7pm...their hours of operation are Tues thru Sun, 11am to 9pm). I have now called a half a dozen times; no one is answering the phone and their voicemail is full so I'm unable to leave a message (not that I would have anyway).

What kind of "mom and pop shop" is this? They take the time to advertise using "fliers on doors", but then don't answer their phone to actually take orders!! What the heck?! I was all excited to try this new place, with self proclaimed "best wings and philly cheese steaks in town", only to be ignored by staff not wanting to do their jobs and answer the dang phone!!

It doesn't seem that this is an isolated incident either, as I mentioned above, and frankly I'm surprised they're even still open for business...well, maybe they're not...no ones answering, so how would I know.

LAME! And now im hungry for a philly cheesesteak dammit!
L-A-Z-Y!!!! I was ready to spend a good $50-$60 and they said I'm out of their delivery range. Looking at my gps, they're 4.4 miles away.
Best cheese steak I've found in Phoenix and the wings are very good as well. The area isn't the best and a bit hidden in a strip mall but well worth it. Highly recommended.
It's Saturday evening and my husband took over the kitchen for a project he's working on which means take-out for dinner, flutteryay!  I ordered delivery from their website because racecar.  Received the confirmation a few minutes later for a steak & cheese Philly sammich, 10 mild wings, and 1 can of soda, s'all good man.  Delivery guy knocks on my door about 30ish minutes later and delivers me a delicious sammich, nomtastic wings, and apologizes while handing me a 2 liter of soda stating that they ran out of cans, awesome!  I opened the boxes to see double-bite-sized nuggets of saucesome.  Be forewarned, their version of mild is pretty spicy.  They did pair well with my homemade ranch dressing which helped a bit in handling the heat.  Then I unwrapped a tube of meaty/cheesy goodness on a roll that seemed to melt in my mouth with each bite.  I am happily stuffed.  

TL;DR for the ridiculously lazy.  The place has good food and decent service.
I order from Wingettes often because I like wings and I like that they deliver.  

IF they answer and are open then the food is pretty good.  However it has happened SEVERAL times in the past few months that I have lived in Phoenix that they do not answer during scheduled business hours.  

This has happened twice this week... It's frustrating and I'm considering finding another wing spot to order from.  If you decide to go with Wingettes, always have a plan B and be ready to use it.
Best, most authentic cheesesteak you can get on this side of town, and the wings rock as well. My suggestion, though- get the traditional bone-in wings....especially with the sweet chili sauce.

Also, I have encountered the "not open/not answering phones" issue, which does suck when it happens, but when they are open and ready to serve, they don't disappoint. I'm not gonna fault them with taking away a star for this, because their food is great enough to deserve 5 stars...just be aware that the issue at hand MIGHT happen.
There wings were pretty great! I'd definitely order from here again. We tried the BBQ, sweet chili, garlic Parmesan, and medium. My favorite was definitely the sweet chili and the medium. Hubby liked the medium and BBQ most. Only complaint is that their blue cheese kind of tasted like ranch and that their garlic Parmesan needed more Parmesan on it. The taste on it was pretty faint. Other then that they were good.
I have ordered 5 times in the last month and exceptional every single one of them. By far the BEST Philly in PHX. Thanks for the awesome service!

Oscar & Felix of N Phx
Been a Fan Since they opened the doors. The staff is awesome, this family business knows how to do the job right. 

The food is awesome and while I am not from philiy, these sandwiches are AWESOME.
I've been searching for a good sandwich place that delvers for a little while and these folks dropped off a flyer on my door and thought I would give them a shot.  

They have really reasonable prices and a decent selection of different entrees and sandwiches.  

I places and order from their online coupon area for 22 bucks you get 2 sandwiches any 2 apps and a 2 liter of coke.  

We ordered the cheesy philly which was super cheesy and the bread was nice and soft.  We also ordered the steak and cheese fries and onion rings.  I love that even with delivery the onion rings and fries were still nice and crispy.  Nice beer batter on the onion rings and the steak and cheese fries were just what you would expect.  Chunks of diced steak with plenty of whiz.  Fast delivery too.  Great experience and will order from them again.
I had heard good things about LFC for awhile, so I was looking forward to its opening of this new location. After several weeks of delays, it finally opened this past Saturday. I waited until Wednesday to stop by. Good news and bad news about this place. Lets start with the good. The chicken tastes great. It is very flavorful, with just a little amount of spice to it..And afterall, the chicken is why we go to a chicken place, right? The dirty rice and the fried okra were both pretty good as well. 

 Now the not so good news- The chicken pieces were on the small size. I ordered a 3 piece mixed combo. I got a small wing, a small drumstick and a small thigh. The menuboard says the combos come with your choice of two sides. I chose dirty rice and fried okra. After paying and getting my receipt, I noticed that I was charged $7.19 while the menu said $6.99. I mentioned the difference in price, and was told it was because the okra is a more expensive side. I completely understand that, but shouldn't it be mentioned on the menuboard that some sides may require an upcharge? The "bread" that comes with the combos is a pretty standard, premade roll, similar to a Kings Hawaiian sweet roll.  The fried okra was freshly fried after I ordered it, but is probably straight out of the freezer bag. It was good. The dirty rice also was good, but nothing great.

Bottom line--would I return or recommend this place to others--Yes.. The chicken is very flavorful. I would try some different sides next time to see if they are better. They also offer some desserts such as cobbler, lemon cake, etc which I will try at another time. My biggest suggestion to them, if possible, would be to try to get a slightly larger sized chicken.
Bad news. VERY bad news. A friend sent me a text last week that this location opened. When the only Louisiana Fried Chicken in town was on Baseline, it was far enough to avoid. I had to REALLY be craving fried chicken to get down there. But 40th St. and Thomas?  That's too close! I gained 5 pounds reading the damn text!

I went in today - got a 3 piece combo (comes with 2 small sides, a roll and a drink) for lunch at work today and an 8 piece combo (with 2 large sides and 6 rolls) for the house.

LOVE THIS CHICKEN!!  As the reviewer before me pointed out - these are not huge pieces of chicken. They are average, normal, what size chickens are supposed to be pieces of chicken. And the batter has AMAZING flavor!

The menu board lists all the available sides - some for slightly extra - but all quite tasty. Not just fried chicken! They are also grilling the chicken, and have shrimp and fish options as well.

It's not the cheapest in town, and there are some full service restaurants around that may do the chicken better (I would still choose LoLo's or Tuck Shop for chicken and waffle over LFC's chicken and waffle) - but as far as fast food fried chicken goes - LFC is worlds better than KFC, Popeye's or Church's.

It's fantastic that there's now a Louisiana Fried Chicken so close to my place - but now I have to learn will power - and FAST!

Aside - I am sure this will be changing - but right now, the place is still really new. All the equipment is clean and shiny - and the walls are still bare. Hoping they get some stuff up on the walls. Louisiana stuff, chicken stuff, paintings of fruit...whatever!
I saw the orange sign the other day while in the area and I thought it was worth checking out.  I'm a fan of Cane's down the street and the neighborhood can always use another fried chicken place that isn't KFC.  I would compare the menu to that of Popeye's but you can tell they take a lot more pride in what they are doing.  I didn't feel like messing with the bone so I ordered a 4 piece chicken strip combo that came with two sides and a roll.  I ordered the dirty rice and cole slaw as a side just because I didn't want two starches as my sides.  It only took a few minutes and when they called out my number I was greeted by a steaming order of  perfectly battered chicken strips and two decent size sides.  I'd bet my life on the roll being fresh from a pack of King's Hawaiian Rolls.  The gentleman preparing my meal was even thoughtful enough to put a side of hot sauce (like Louisiana Hot Sauce but maybe a touch thinner) on my tray and asked me if I wanted ranch and bbq.  Well done, I'll give these guys some credit and I hope it sticks around.  It's exactly what I thought it would be when I saw the sign and walked in the door.
I went back tonite for more LFC. 

This time, the chicken pieces seems to be a little bit bigger than last time. The menu now has a disclaimer saying that some sides may incur an additional charge.  That was two of my gripes on my first visit, so check and check.. 

This time, I ordered an 8pc with 2 large sides...As stated above, chicken was bigger, and it was hot and moist..perfectly seasoned. For sides, I ordered the sweet corn nuggets and mac and cheese. They had run out of mac and cheese and had to make more. It took about 10 minutes to make. Was it worth the wait? It was fresh, REAL macaroni and cheese, baked in the oven, not some "out of the box" variety. It was made with real cheese, as witnessed by the stringy cheese when eaten. My comment here is that I prefer a more creamy variety than what it was. But it definitely was better than Kraft mac & cheese in a box. 

The sweet corn nuggets were incredible. Not sure if they are something they make fresh or if it comes out of a freezer bag, but they were delicious little morsels. Nuggets of corn kernals, surrounded by a light crunchy coating and deep fried. 

I wanted to try out their fried shrimp, so I got an "add on" of 4 fried shrimp ($1.99). At first view, I was disappointed. What I got were 4 very small (think MAYBE 45-50 sized shrimp). They were not even butterflied, which would have made them appear bigger). But upon tasting them, I really enjoyed the flavor. They appeared to be freshly breaded (is it the same seasoned flour used for the chicken?) and were very tasty. My suggestion here would be to 1) butterfly the shrimp and 2) get a slightly larger shrimp (even if it means a price increase).
 
With my second trip to LFC, I am becoming an even bigger fan..Tasty chicken, good sides, a clean restaurant, and nice employees.
I work up the street from this new location and had been waiting for an chance to try it. Wow, what a pleasant change of pace. Delicious, spicy breading. The fish will become a weekly staple for me. Next week I will try the shrimp and the corn nuggets. If they are anywhere close to the greatness of the chicken and fish I will have a difficult time deciding without over-ordering. The best fried chicken around this area!
The sides are like KFC but a bit more homemade style.  Mac and cheese was good, cole slaw was actually better than KFC and the mashed potatoes and gravy was almost exactly the same.  I like the hawaiin roll that comes with the chicken.  The breading seemed good and the chicken was fried right.  However, I'd opt for more flavor in there.

All in all, definitely not bad, but can't wait to try the fish and shrimp.
Saw this on television, 50% off, all entrees. Got the 8PC with 2 sides. Got coleslaw and rice & gravy. Yum, yum, yum...the breaking a little too spicy for the roommate, but got the hot sauce and I'm in chicken heaven. Will have to go back for fish, shrimp & gumbo. Wish they had greens, but the Mac & cheese and corn nuggets will do also.
My disdain for KFC and Church's aside, this is officially the best fried chicken I've had in a REALLY long time! When it comes to homestyle fried chicken, I'm all about Stacy's Pit Stop. But when I need it fast and cheap, I'm a Popeye's girl all the way. Considering that the closest Popeye's is in Tempe, I wasn't left with many choices - until now. Louisiana Fried Chicken falls somewhere in between the two, but you shouldn't scoff because it is AMAZING! 

PROS: The batter is crisp and doesn't slide off the entire piece of chicken when you take your first bite (I'm guessing it's a wet batter?), the chicken is well seasoned all of the way through, and best of all, the chicken isn't swimming in grease when it hits the box. The corn nuggets are TO DIE FOR and the dirty rice is spicy, well-seasoned, and pretty decent (although I prefer my own, wallowing in bacon grease...) The hawaiian sweet rolls compliment the spicy/salty chicken and sides perfectly, and although I didn't get a single bite of mashed potatoes and gravy, the husband didn't seem to have any complaints. They also don't skimp on the Louisiana hot sauce; we had plenty of containers left over to go with the remaining chicken!

CONS: No mac and cheese. We hear it's made fresh daily from scratch with six different cheeses, but this dish somehow alludes us. I took away one star because I've read that other people have had this same issue, and my thing is - if you keep running out, KEEP MAKING MORE! I can't wait to try it someday. I will likely call in my takeout order 40 minutes ahead next time, so they have ample opportunity to bake more mac and cheese just for me. There wasn't any sweet tea offered on the menu, but when I peeked over by the beverages, I spotted a Golden Peak tea dispenser. I didn't try it, but from what I remember, Golden Peak sweet tea didn't strike my fancy the last time I tried it. I love that Stacy Phipps brews his sweet tea fresh, and I really, really wish LFC did too because that would just send me sailing over the edge.  

I can't wait to go back for more! I'm not quite sure about the people griping on prices. I've paid twice as much for chicken that wasn't half as good. At $20 for 12 pieces, 2 sides, and 6 rolls - this quality fried chicken is a STEAL. Next time, I'm hoping to get some of that fabled mac and cheese, and to try some of their desserts, but for the sake of my appetite, I hope LFC sticks around for a while!
An addendum to my previous review... 

After further examination of LFC upon my second visit, I have decided to increase my previous judgment of 4 stars to a total of 5 stars. Although they seem to always be running out of mac and cheese, and they do NOT have fresh brewed sweet tea, I'm convinced by the quality of their cheesy golden mac and cheese (and their excellent customer service) that they deserve the 5th and final star. The mac and cheese takes 35 minutes to make so CALL AHEAD! It is well worth the wait. The noodles are perfectly al dente, the cheese blend is unbelievable, and the entire dish was immaculately seasoned. I suggest eating it while it's HOT because that real cheese coagulates at room temperature (unlike the fake cheesy crap in the boxes) - but honestly, when I microwaved the second container the next day it still tasted great! Louisiana Fried Chicken, congratulations - you are the real thing.
Delicious. As the product of two Louisianians, the glee I felt when I saw the sign so close to my home can only be described as...gleeful. The aroma that hit me as I waltzed gleefully through their door made me swoon. I got so excited that I lost my mind while ordering. 

The following is what happened (even though I was only ordering for 2 people...yes, two actual full-grown people, not at all related to the snide euphemism of 'eating for two' that people seem to be throwing around these days when rudely implying that pregnant women shouldn't feel free to pig out every once in a while. Go on preggies, eat whatever you want. I won't judge.)

Anyway, what I heard coming out of my mouth was: #5 Value Pack, all white meat, rolls, 10 piece shrimp, dirty rice, fried okra, macaroni & cheese, lemon cake, and jeebus forgive me for my gluttony, peach cobbler. 

Other than the sides and dessert, everything else was made fresh (don't get me wrong, the sides and desserts were fresh, but they weren't made-to-order, per se), so I sat myself down, enjoyed whatever college game was playing on their TVs, and settled in for my takeout. 

Once I got it to the car, the smell overwhelmed me and I went...ever so slightly...bat guano crazy attacking the okra. It was perfection. None of those evil, weird, chewy pieces that sometimes show up when ordering from other not-to-be-named places that also serve fried okra with chicken. The shrimp was not my favorite (but to be fair, I'm a little weird about shrimp to where it needs to be cooked ever so slightly more than most places do...it's about the texture people...I know this about myself, so I'm not going to complain), but the chicken stole the show. The prices are reasonable, especially if you go in knowing that this is NOT drive-thru assembly line chicken, it's really really good and fresh.
One word can describe my last two visits (including last night) DISAPPOINTED. After many happy visits to LFC, I am now disappointed. On my visit a couple of weeks ago, I received very small pieces of chicken. Still flavorful and delicious, but tiny.. I thought maybe it was just a fluke. I went back again last nite and got an 8 piece dinner. I even told the person at the counter how last time the chicken was tiny and if it was good sized or not today. He said it was fine. Well, he was wrong. The leg was honestly smaller than the wing drummette you get at most places. The thigh had about three bites of meat on it. The wing looked like it came off a pigeon. 

And to make matters worse, the chicken was missing its flavor. It tasted like it either wasn't marinated long enough or else someone substituted plain flour in place of the seasoned flour.. 

Come on now guys. I have been singing your praises to anyone who will listen. But after last night, I wouldn't recommend you to anyone. What is going on here?
I'm no connoisseur to "southern" fried chicken but I can only compare it to LoLo's, the more popular chain here.  For me the difference was in the waffle.  If it was crispier, I would have given them 1 more star.  Now, chicken-to-chicken, LoLo is slightly crispier.  Overall, I enjoyed the chicken.  It had a light, thin batter with a fragrant of various spices and herbs.  The meat was not as juicy but was moist enough.  

I ordered their 4 piece (thigh, leg, wing, and breast) meal with waffle which came out to approx $10.  It came with 2 sides of syrup and liquid butter.  That's right, liquid butter.  

The menu is quite extensive, so one can't be bored with just fried chicken.  I would not mind making a return if I'm in the mood for chicken and waffles.
Honestly! Popeyes, is much better than what I had this evening.  The dirty rice was blah, and the chicken you don't have a choice between mild or spicy.  Needless to say the chicken left my pallet spiced out! 

The combo was suppose to include Leg with a thigh or wing.  I got a breast and a leg.  Now to some people that's bonus but I'm not a white meat person.  I love my chicken dark.......  The dinner roll, feels that it came out of the package of a Kings Hawaiian Rolls  compare that to Popeyes, buttermilk biscuits

I'm dissappointed that if you want mac and cheese as your side you have to buy  that side.  It's not an option available for combos.   

I'll have to try the mac and cheese next to see if it worth going there for that, but I would prefer my chicken from Popeyes....
Not impressed with the food overall. The breading for chicken had too much herb and not much spice. I enjoyed the fries the most-paprika-based seasoning. Cole slaw was ok. Roll was out of a package like they go to Fryes to get them. Sweet potato pie was ok, again pre-packaged. Restaurant appeared clean and taken care of. Small but steady lunch crowd when I was there. Friendly staff. Good value.  Will I go back? No but I'm glad I tried it.
Eh...it's ok. The chicken and okra were seasoned good, so that's a plus. My husband does not like the portions; he ordered catfish and he got two lil' flimsy pieces and a soggy roll. One thing I didn't like was that the guy at the register really looked like he didn't want to be there and we were bothering him by ordering food. He may have been upset about the car accident that he'd got in recently (heard his animated story while waiting). The guy that was putting our food together was really nice. I'd suggest larger portions (even if it adds a couple cents) and maybe crack a smile every now and then, geez!
Nice find. I ordered the two-piece with waffle and "upgraded" to white meat. The fried chicken was as good as I've ever eaten. Big, hot & juicy pieces. A nice level of heat & spice without going overboard. The waffle was just kind of "meh". My father-in-law chowed down his chicken and enjoyed his fried okra and mashed potatoes. It's a fast-food set-up, but probably took 10-15 minutes to get our food on a Sunday at 6:15. No worries, I'll assume that's because they were cooking to order. Very sweet & polite register operator who was very patient while my 75 year-old FIL tried to understand and navigate the menu. Some typical fast-food mis-steps -- no plastic knives out on the floor to cut the waffle, had to go back ask for that. Forgot to hand me butter & syrup for the waffle, had to go back & ask for that. All in all, though, well done. I'll be back.
I have eaten here several times and if I had written this review a few weeks ago it would have been a bit better. But we went for dinner last night it seems things are changing...and not for the better. The guys who used to work behind the counter were fun and friendly but they have been replaced by a new woman who looks, and acts, like she hates the world. While the food was a tasty as every the portions are getting much smaller. That really isn't that bad, it was still enough for a full dinner so I can't complain too much. But what truly topped it off was, as we were sitting there, this new woman behind the counter came out with paper signs proclaiming "No Refills" from the beverages (soda, tea, etc). I personally find that to be one of the most ridiculous things around. There is no way that refills are negatively impacting your sales as the cost of a soda is in the cup itself and not the drink. I feel like it gives the entire place a sense of "you're lucky to be here." as opposed to the fun, family style it had before. I'm seriously disappointed and will definitely be rethinking before I go back again.
I actually went here yesterday. I have eaten here several times and have loves it. Yesterday we left wondering WTF happened. I wasted $40 on crap.... Literal crap. It started when I ordered. Asked for wings, were out of wings. Ok we can deal w that. Moved on to the next order. I'd like a side of green beans, oh we're out of them, ok mixed veggies, oh we're out of those too. Oh wow!!! Ok so we improvised and ordered different sides. I got fried fish that was chewy and fatty, my sons chicken strips smelled funny and had a bit of a rotten taste, my guy friends fried chicken was raw in the middle. I was annoyed. We didn't eat our food and I wasn't gonna sit there and cause a stink. I let them know directly about our problems and was offered another piece of chicken. Really? What you gave me already was inedible, why would I want more?? And another piece of chicken??? I spent $40 on stuff that went in the garbage can and a empty stomach. I WILL NEVER IN MY LIFE GO BACK TO THIS PLACE. N E V E R ! ! ! I want to know what happened. I used to love this spot. Now it nauseates me. I'm sad and pissed at the same time.
Had 3 piece fish, French fries and cole slaw. Everything was ON POINT! Fish was fried and seasoned perfectly.  Fries were nice and crispy, thin cut. 

The price is right as well. It was about $8. Can't beat with any fish meal in the area
This is true comfort food, incredibly bad for you but tastes great. They need to consider adding something to the menu that won't clog the arteries before getting to the car. 

That being said it tastes super but if you spend your calories here you spent them all!!!!
So I was enjoying a rare shopping day without the kids last weekend and I decided to stop in here for a quick lunch to go, and I'm so glad I did.  The restaurant was spotless and orderly and I encountered the sweetest employee working the register; unfortunately I didn't get her name.  She went out of her way to make my experience pleasant and I really thought she was super cool.  

I ordered the 2 piece meal with a soft roll, two sides and a drink ($6.99 +tax).  I selected fried okra and corn nuggets as my sides.  I got a half and half mixture of strawberry and grape Fanta soda from the fountain drink dispenser.  (Don't judge.)

First off I'd like to know how it is that I've been on this Earth for 40 years yet I've never had corn nuggets before?  They were amazing deep fried, batter dipped nuggets of sweet corn...  Delicious!  I'd be back for those corn nuggets ALONE, but the fried chicken, the fried okra and the roll were also phenomenal too!  Fact: the soft roll didn't even make it home with me.  I'll add that my husband, who's a part time, half-assed vegetarian, scarfed down the extra piece of fried chicken that I saved for him too.  When I got home I discovered that *somehow* my two piece order magically morphed into a 3 piece order, allowing my husband an opportunity to taste this delicious chicken too... (Thank you! *wink*)  

This chicken is crunchy, spicy and perfectly cooked; it's so good it'll make a half-hearted vegetarian fall off the wagon.   Also, it's worth mentioning that they offer chicken and waffle combination plates, and some of their other sides include dirty rice, rice and gravy, macaroni and cheese and so much more.  And yeah, in case you were wondering they also have seafood gumbo, and fried fish and shrimp too.  And their desserts?  Oh Dear Sweet Lord, they have pecan pie, and sweet potato pie and banana pudding and peach cobbler and even Red Velvet Cake!  

Louisiana Fried Chicken, piping hot corn nuggets and banana pudding?!  Why are you even still sitting here reading this review??  Go!  Go now!!  So seriously folks, take a look at the other reviews for this place; you have at least 5 Yelp Elite accounts giving this place high reviews, that should speak for something right there.  If you love flavorful fried chicken and you haven't stopped here yet you really should.

Also, for the owners, if possible, I'd suggest considering adding a sign down on Thomas Road advertising your presence inside the strip mall.  The current over the door marquee sign isn't very easy to see from the main road unless you are heading westbound (you can't see it heading Eastbound) on Thomas and just happen to look up to your left at the *exact right* time.   

Good luck!  I'd sincerely love to see you guys succeed so I can continue to enjoy your delicious food!
My son and i got up Sunday and agreed we both wanted mac n cheese. We pulled up about 4 minutes before they opened at noon. When they opened we went in and were greeted by a young lady wearing a Chicago Bears shirt. She turned out to have all the hospitality and charm of a honey badger with a hang over. It honestly felt as though we were not wanted there. The food was fairly standard...nothing special. The mac n cheese we were craving was good at first but then just kinda became blah and gummy. The corner tv blaring way too loud was the only bright spot of the visit.
Yummo!   I'm in my happy place right now. This chicken is done right!!!  And granny better watch out cause these waffles put hers out of the running.  Great place. A lot of food for the price.  Would like some gravy to dip my strips in. Keep up the great work my new chicken friends. Almost forgot. The fried okra and mac and cheese are amazing!!!  :-)
It saddens me to give such a poor rating because I actually really like the food. It is the customer service, or I guess the lack thereof, that puts my review at one star. I always try to call to place my order which takes several times to get through...EVERY time. I figured out why. A lot of the front of the house staff are wearing ear buds. Back of the house fine; front is unacceptable. I have also been in a few times and my order has been wrong. Whether it is not the type of meat I requested or missing rolls from a dinner package...I don't like when my order is wrong or not ready. 

I placed an order another time and was asked if I could be there in 15 minutes when it was 8PM and the door said the place closed at 10PM. This time order wrong AGAIN and they wouldn't fix it because they were "closing" due to pest control. I have worked in many restaurants and when they are doing pest control the whole kitchen gets wrapped in plastic and this clearly was not the case. 

Finally, last night I placed my order from GrubHub as the restaurant has a stack of their business cards out to take, advertising $5 off your first online order. I go to the restaurant at the time the website said the order was to be ready. The girls behind the register gave me SO much attitude saying they didn't get my order. I told them I placed it 20 minutes ago and already paid online. One finally came back and said the prices online are out of date which I told her was not my problem. Don't advertise to order online then, in my opinion. They FINALLY got my order together and were at this point pretty much throwing things in the bag. 

It is such a shame that these people have been given jobs at what was once a great establishment. My very first experiences were so very positive and the owner/s and staff were always so friendly and upsold in a enticing way. I am guessing there has been a change in ownership and definitely management. So sad...
From New Orleans and I love this place.  I haven't had anything bad yet. Pretty sure I ordered everything on the menu already.
The food here is really good. I am from Georgia, so I was thrilled to find a good chicken and shrimp place in Phoenix. 

The problem is the customer service. The employees gather at a table near the soda machine and do not bother to assist in anything. There is so much attitude that it makes you wonder whether they want customers in their shop or not. The manager is nice - but clearly does not know how to control his staff. 

I want to like this place, I want to LOVE this place - we host dozens of events a year and I would love to trust them with catering orders, but for now - I will stick with the places that want me as a customer. 

Sorry - this is a missed opportunity, the food is great, but we will not be back
I love the food. It was one of my favorite spots. The location off Thomas, off 40th street. But now there is new people that work that work there, and their customer service is beyond horrible. Because of the one female that works there and the way she treat me and my family, I wont return there. They need to bring back the old crew
The Short:
Southern fried spicy chicken finds a home in the desert. 

The Pros:
- Quality ingredients.
- Just the right level of spice.
- Great variety of sides. 
- Waffles!
- You can't have waffles without warm syrup! 

The Cons:
- Lack of bargain meal deals.
- Service appears disengaged at times.

Spice Level:
The chicken's breading contains a subtlety warm paprika based flavor that hits its fiery peak during the aftertaste. Suitable for almost all spice affinities. 

____________________________________________

The Story:

I must admit, I have a soft spot for fried chicken. In a bucket resting on top my stomach (badum tish). 

All joking aside, I have been a fan of Louisiana Fried Chicken (LFC) since discovering its now closed location in southern Phoenix years ago. So, like the buffalo herd moving onto greener pastures, the other LFC junkies and I must now venture to the Thomas Road location. 

There are some advantages to this. While the new locale can be a bit of a drive for those scattered throughout the Phoenix area, it's an overall nicer venue. That being said, the interior doesn't standout that much from your average fast-food dining room. It's clean but uncomfortable seating is enough to get the job done. Much more than its now deceased Thomas Road brother. 

What makes LFC stand out is the food. Everything is expertly crafted in unison. The sweetness of the waffles and syrup complement the spice of the fired chicken and the salty-sweet fries accent the simple flavors of the green beans. Wash it all down with a soda pop and your addicted. 

The chicken's breading contains a subtlety warm paprika based flavor that hits its fiery peak during the aftertaste. Suitable for almost all spice affinities. In many ways, this is my favorite aspect of LFC. I often find myself at odds with friends over where to eat due to my love of spicy food. The smoothness of the ingredients in LFC's culinary ventures make this less of an issue.

This isn't a restaurant dedicated to forging an image that matches the connotations associated with the food it serves. It doesn't try to pander to any particular crowd. It's a simple restaurant with a simple goal and because of such can be off-putting to some. 

My largest complaint is placed largely with the customer service staff. While adequate a majority of time, they rarely aim to surpass expectations. This continued annoyance is what led to the 4-star rating as apposed to a five.

Overall, it's a quality friend chicken shack in a town that has a tendency to lack this loved American pastime. 

Check it out, write a review, and friend me on Yelp!!!
Tried this place for lunch with a co-worker.  Good fried chicken with nice flavor and crispness.  Would have rated 5 stars but the chicken portions were a little smallish.  I read the reviews about bad service but I can honestly say that our service experience was pretty good.  Definitely gong back!
I called in and placed an order. The lady was abrupt and unfriendly. 
the food was GOOD. The fish and chicken portions are small. Cook and the person bagging my food were friendly but the cashier lacked any customer service skills at all.
There's a reason why some places are on Check Please Arizona (Lo Lo's) and others are on Groupon.

The sad thing is that I think this place is not far off from being REALLY good.  The interior is nicely designed, but it could really use a good clean.

The girl at the counter was not exactly the friendliest.  I think she has lost her passion for the work.

The food was painfully average.  The chicken could have been crispier on the outside and juicier on the inside.  The waffle was pretty bad.  I think they just put pancake batter in a waffle iron (which is what I think Lo Lo's does too, and it drives me crazy).  The mac and cheese was pretty decent.

The other weird thing is that they have signs outside that mentions all sorts of dishes that they do not mention on the menu indoors.  WTH?

Really though - if they could do the chicken better (it's not rocket science - there are plenty of places across the country that manage to do a decent friend chicken) and tidy up the place a bit, they could be well on their way to having an outstanding place.
I tried out Louisiana Chicken after I saw a groupon deal and bought it.  I had passed the restaurant several times, but never made it in.  Much to my surprise to chicken is by far the best I have ever had.  It was crispy piping hot and juicy inside.  The service was very very good also.  I have been there twice and the same man took our order at the counter both times.  His name was "Q" and he was very friendly, knowledgeable and had some great suggestions.  Definitely an asset to the company. I would want him working for me, because he is so customer service oriented.  You just don't see that nowadays.  It is the exception and I appreciate it.  

Ok here is why I don't give them 5 stars and I mean this as constructive criticism because I really like the place.  I just don't know if I would bring a business associate with me or have a team lunch there.  Here goes.

Water glasses were way too small.  about 4 ounces.

plastic dinnerware was too cheap and flimsy.  the chicken was actually melting the fork.
stools and chairs were very uncomfortable.  Tables were cheap and wobbly.

Restaurant was too hot inside.  Turn up the AC.

The décor was nice enough but a little dingy.  Looks like they run the operation a person short so I can't fault the help.  They were very busy.  I did stop by after the lunch rush each day so that could be it too.  

To leave this on a positive note.  I would shore up some of these details and I believe the place would attract a lot more people or return business.  I would definitely use them to cater an event.  They offer discounts for volume..  One other thing.  The hot sauce is to die for.  Everyone else must think that because they are having trouble keep the plastic bottles in the store due to theft.

Thanks for the great food and service I will be back.
Biscuits were awesome. Chicken in original did the trick but was a bit disappointed that they don't have corn on the cob any more
Eat more chicken... lol
I have to say that normally I don't sit around and write reviews for KFC/ TB/ or any fast food chain, you know?

Me and some coworkers came here here and got a family meal. The young lady at the front counter was super awesome very polite and even through in some extras.

Ma chicken was fresh and delicious. Biscuits and honey are really good.
Overall the locations is very clean.
You can definitely know that you will walk out or eat in at this location very satisfied.
Seriously, this place sucks! Every time I decide to go to this KFC somehow they always manage to forget to put everything I paid for in the bag. Really? It's not that difficult.
I officially give up on this location!  I would this give this location zero stars if I could. I stopped going through the drive thru because they could never give me 100% of my order. I ordered carry out inside and got home without everything I paid for...again!!  If you are charging me for all white meat, then give me what I paid for!!! It's just not that hard of a concept to grasp. It's super aggravating to get all the way home and not have what you ordered and paid extra for. Having to run back out to go argue over what was or wasn't in the bag is too inconvenient.  Sorry, but I won't be coming back.
Went in to get dinner for the family service was great at first, Tyler help us immediately with taking our order. Then there was the usual kitchen banter while they were getting orders ready. 

The manager came out and asked for grilled chicken. Ok fine you need food the nice kid Tyler that help us out turned into a punk and said out loud (for me and 2 other customers in the resturant to hear him) I've got it in you stupid b*tch. Then proceeded to repeat him self 2 more times. 

I promptly asked for my money back and I got an attitude from him and he stormed off to get the manager. When the manager came out I was in absolute shock that this little punk was cussing at his older female manager. I absolutley refuse to return to this location until the staff is changed.
I changed my mind on my order, and I work in retail so I hate when customers do that to me, but the manager was very quick to change my order. The staff was very polite. What more can I ask for?!?
Be careful , these kids forget to give you everything you order   ,I paid for Reese's pie and coleslaw and when I got home it wasn't there, so disappointing....
Worst kfc ever... Only ordered one meal that included One piece chicken, a chicken little(small chix sandwich) two strips and a biscuit. What I got was two strips, a biscuit and a the chicken little buns for the sandwich wrapped up in foil.. I'm super understanding, so if u leave out my piece of chix fine ill deal with it, but how can u Forget to put in the chicken in a chicken sandwich!!! And proceed to wrap in up in foil like its ready to sell...it wasn't busy at all and it's very disappointing to see such bad service at this kfc.
I had to give it a star to do the review, do not go here the food is so far below substandard and even though we received an offer to replace the bad food they suddenly lost the books these offers are logged in.  What a joke of a KFC no one cares and they treat the customers lousy.
I've had trouble here but they've made it right, and it's in the past.. This is one of the nicest KFCs I've seen in a long while, and usually really spotless.

Try the 9pc family meal it's one of their specials right now.   I've had the Famous Bowl combo before, it's cheaper to buy the combo than buying just the bowl.

Tonight I came in because I signed up for the emailing list on KFC.com & for joining I received a coupon for 10 pc bites combo.  The manager was friendly and despite I was missing a bite it was still very delicious. I'm sure they'll get it right the next time, no problem (I blame myself for not checking the bag). The bites were juicy and hot.

The only thing that would of made my visit better if they had asked me what I wanted for dipping sauce, she punched in Creamy Ranch on the receipt but never asked what I wanted to dip in.  She was nice, smiled and was polite. Other than the missing bite & not asking me what I wanted for sauce it was still a better visit than in the past. For that I am not taking a star away like most yelpers that take points away for something small. Thank you.  I'll be back the next time I'm craving KFC.
This KFC sucks. They screwed up my order. The biscuits were hard, the chicken was dry, and one of the sides was cold even before I left the restaurant. I had to ask for my change back rather than be offered. The employee was rude.
I have to say this is the worst KFC location I have been to. I came to order a family meal and asked for grilled chicken and they gave me half of what they had grilled and half original without asking. On top of it after i has paid they had told me they didn't have biscuits and if instead i can accept a chocolate cake. I was really upset why can't they give me for what i paid for with no changes in my order! I will not be coming to this location again.
Located off the 215, you can't miss it. I do like the staff which was friendly when I walked in the door. 

Bathroom needed to be cleaned but the good was good
Wouldn't feed this to my dog. Had a horrible experience, roll with Rubios right next to it. Trust.
I was honestly pretty excited to try this place out but I guess it wasn't worth the hype. I ordered the 3 piece meal. It comes with 3 pieces of tenders and some fries. I added a side of mac&cheese to it as well.

Chicken: I've had better. It is of decent size and the batter is different but after a while, i felt like it was just too much batter.

Fries: disgustingly old and soggy.

Mac&Cheese: its okay, i tasted powder when i ate it, i'm not too sure how to describe it but eh it was just okay.

I did have a favorite though; it was the Arnold Palmer. OH MY GOODNESS, so good and refreshing.
I really like this place for chicken tenders. It's a perfect lunch place to get a quick bite. This place takes a while to give you the order but it's only because they make every meal fresh. The batter to the chicken breast is thin and it taste like it was baked even thought it was fried. The chicken always easily comes apart. They have a brown secret sauce as dip and it's compliments the chicken strips even more. They also have Ranch and barbecue as well! The regular fries and sweet potato fries are always good and non greasy. 

I will never come to Vegas and not eat at this place because Vegas is the only place they have "Original Chicken Tenders"
We came on a Monday evening and ordered
1. Original Texas Toast Tender Sandwich, 10.95
Chicken Tenders with Original Sauce and coleslaw served on Texas toast
2. Original Tender Sandwich, 10.95 
Chicken Tenders with Original Sauce and Lettuce served on a Potato Bun
Rather the french fries, we upgraded them to sweet potato fries for $1 more for $14.95 (We used the Casino Guide BOGO coupon) 

- In Luxor. They also have it at Monte Carlo. 
- Chicken tenders better than Chick-Fil-A! But Chick-Fil-A has better sandwiches. 
- The sandwiches had 2 chicken tenders. 
- It came with side buffalo sauce. 
- Sweet potato fries taste better than Boiling Crab! 
- Sandwich and fries were fresh. 
- For the price, it's pretty expensive, but if you have a coupon, it's worth a try!
The absolute best chicken tenders you can find anywhere. What a surprise in a food court. They cook them to order so they're fresh and hot when you get them, and the flavor is incredible. Perfectly cooked and tender!
Loved their crispy chicken tenders, fried okra, and sauce. One of the better places in the food court! Great stop for a quick meal :)
Went here after watching some football at one of the hotels. 

There was no line so we were able to order right away. I went with the three piece meal with a side of french fries and macaroni.

The chicken tenders were pretty spot on. They were fresh and had a nice flavor to them with the breading.

The fries on the other hand were decent, but didn't have a ton of flavor. Unfortunately, my highest hopes were for the macaroni and it definitely did not meet my expectations.

Overall, this is a decent place to grab a reasonably priced bite to eat along the strip and is a good amount of food as well.
Greasy, overcooked chicken tenders and soggy sweet potato fries, served with a side of bEtchy employee who gave me a bag when I asked for a to-go container, saying that was all they had and I could take it or leave it.  Such a waste of money!!
I did a quick search of the food available at the food court at the Monte Carlo and this one caught my eye. Chicken fingers. I can do that for lunch today. So on my break, I took the short walk over and ordered the meal that included 3 tenders and fries.

The breading on the chicken tenders is tasty, a little bit sweet. But it's not as crunchy as I would like. The chicken though is super moist and tender. It also comes with a huge basket of fries, the type made from freshly cut potatoes with the skin still on. Their special sauce (dare I say?) reminds me of Raising Canes' sauce: nice and peppery.

Overall, this is a solid place to turn to at the food court when you're looking for freshly fried chicken tenders. They also sell Nathan's Famous Hot Dogs and beer.
It wasn't the worse sausage biscuit I've ever had, it wasn't all that fulling either.. I would have gladly chose McDee's over this place again.... Eh... that  is all.
Very good made-to-order chicken tenders and fries.
Ask for buffalo sauce
Chicken strips were delicious. Probably the softest strips ever. & food was fresh. Down side is that they take awhile & a little pricey. Good thing they have military discount.
Man, I gotta say, I was really impressed with how good the chicken strips are here! The dipping sauce they give you is amazing too. They take a while to freshly-cook your meal, but it comes out piping hot and tastes great. MUCH BETTER THAN EATING AT THE BUFFET where the food has been sitting for an hour...ick. I went back the next day for more. Seriously - they have it down to a science - the flavor/seasoning in the batter is great, the portion size is impressive for the Strip (everything's expensive here), and the sweet potato fries kick a$$ too. Highly recommended for the freshly-cooked, good quality chicken. Worth the 10 minute wait, for SURE.
I needed a quick bite to eat in the morning, so I dropped by here. This is located in the food court downstairs of Monte Carlo. Their chili cheese dog was good!! Even though I ordered it and let it sit til it was cold (because I had something to do), it still tasted good. Roughly 10 bucks for a dog and fries.
I wanted something fast but not "fast food", while at the food court in the Monte Carlo. I had the 3 strips and fries. Most moist, tender chicken I have ever had at a fast food joint. I was so pleasantly surprised. We were staying at the M/C so I knew I would be back the next day. They make them to order, so it takes a few extra minuets compared to McD's just next door. They do not charge for Ranch or Blue cheese - another pleasantl surprise there too. I tried their Nathan's Chili Cheese Dog the next day. I wished I would have stuck to the strips, It was just okay (took a star away for that). I wouldn't describe the chicken as "crispy" so much - but you could tell it was freshly battered, freshly cooked, and it was tasty w/out any sauce or extras. I dipped mine in hot sauce and ranch (must ask - but no charge).
Stopped in to try the different menu because it's a WingStop Sports.  New in the Vegas market and I was not disappointed.  I had the grilled chicken club and it was delicious along with the lemon pepper fries.  What was really impressive was how the staff continues to make sure your having a great experience.  You'll never have to get up for anything.  Sports, Wings, Alcohol and Great service-nuff said.
I am a happy camper since there is finally a wing place in the area. Awesome concept for Wing Stop, definitely trying to put that competitive edge to BWW. The inside is smaller than what is looks from the outside, but still pretty spacious with bar and dinning area. I ordered the boneless with buffalo and Parmesan garlic and side of Cajun fries. The buffalo was pretty standard, but from other Wing Stops I've had in the past this Parmesan garlic was just okay. The seasoning on the fries was rather strong and almost not good. As much as I want to like the food here I can't exactly say it was good and I'd come back again and again. Although I did have some left overs which tasted better the next day?! Kind of funny I thought. I will give them a few months to work out the kinks and hopefully the food comes out better. I for sure will order the wings since wings are always better than boneless anyway. On the plus side service is good as other Yelpers mentioned.
I like the garlic Parmesan chicken tenders and the coke machine with all the flavors. They are real friendly as far as service. I will be back.
This place is unlike the other wingstops in the valley, it's a more like a buffalo wild wings but not open 24 hours with 12 TV screens and a bar. Most people come here for the wings like myself, which I believe are hands down the best in town!! These wings are made to order, not like at Buffalo Wild Wings where they cook them ahead of time and place them in warming ovens - the sauce selection is not large compared to BWW but that is okay, since I like hot wings, I always get the original hot, extra wet!! The original hot is just hot enough for me but no too mild! They do have Cajan and Atomic Hot which is above Original Hot. If you are not into hot, they do have milder flavors including lemon pepper and hawaiian.

How is the place like BWW you ask? They have an expanded menu that includes wraps, sandwiches and burgers! Plus a bar that have several beers on tap!

One of my favorite foods is chicken wings and I am very confident that this place has the best wings in town!!  Give this place a shot, you will not be disappointed! 


I am not sure what Elizabeth or others are thinking but their reviews are WAY off base. Elizabeth seems to be basing her review on people asking her question, this place only opened up a few day before she posted her review - get over it, they want to make sure you are being taken care of plus they are new employees. My rating is based on 1) The quality of the food 2) The customer service 3) Atmosphere 4) Overall experience. I have been to wing cook off in the past - including the buffalo chicken wing festival in Buffalo, NY.
My friend and I stopped by to satisfy our craving for chicken wings. But we were quite blown away with the great customer service of this place! Jamal, the guy in charge of the dining area, made sure he took care of ALL of our needs and he was very friendly and helpful. He even threw away our trash and got napkins for us!! The whole place itself was exceptional, it was really clean and very spacious and had multiple tvs set to different sports. I will definitely come back again and recommend this place as my go to for great food and good vibes!
I've loved Wingstop since I first had it in Chicago. This location is really busy. Food is still just as good as u remember it back home.
Only reviewing the bar area.  I came here to meet a friend a catch a little March Madness.  Clean facility, wasn't that busy, and plenty of televisions to catch the sport event you want to watch. 

Staff is very friendly and helpful, but maybe a little bit too much?  They have a lot of employees working there than actual customers so you are being checked on a little too much.  They might be a little too quick to clear the table for you.  Just a minor correction that they could work on.  

Its not a full bar, in fact we asked what kind of liquor they had and he responded Margarita's and Beer.  Ok, duh, I think I could of looked at the bar to realize that. LOL. 
So yes, its truly just Margarita's and Beer, a few available on tap.  Oh, as an FYI, if you are kind to tip your bartender and you are paying by Credit Card, they don't have a gratuity line on the receipt.  So if you do get the Just right amount of good service, bring cash to tip them.
This Wing Stop seems like it is trying to be a Buffalo Wild Wings and is failing. Dont get me wrong; I usually love the wings from Wing Stop and its a toss up on which I would like to eat at. I have eaten at several of the Wing Stop locations and have liked them all. Until this one... Service was o.k. They seemed a little slow but it is a lot bigger than their normal store fronts so I will give them that. But my gripe is the wings were nasty. We ordered three different flavors. Medium, hawaiian barbeque and atomic (which are our normal favorites) but they were all blah and seemed to have a ketchupy flavor to them. Hardly any seasoning at all. I really wanted to like this place as I knew my husband would love to continue coming here but neither of us liked the wings and will not be back. At least not to this location.
Okay...ladies and gentleman, when I was a child in high school I would go almost three or four times a week to that place with a Buffalo which has these "wild wings." I've grown up, I've matured and I'm now a loyal Wing Stop-er. In all honesty, I've been taken back by how much I have started to love this joint. I haven't been to any other one, so this is my review of this fairly new location conveniently near the UNLV campus, easy access coming from school. The place has a good size, I came here and watched a UNLV basketball game and the environment was just right. There's a bar for drinks and of course the wings.

As soon as you walk on in, you are greeted with cheer. It doesn't feel like that greeting where they employees are forced to ask you how you're doing as part of their job description. I'm sure it's somewhere in there, but the times I've been there I've never felt like the welcome was never genuine. That is my humble opinion. This isn' necessarily a sit down and order restaurant, but you go on in and order at the front counter. The choices are endless, they have bone in wings, boneless wings and chicken tenders. Combos come with a side, usually a generous portion of fries or if you prefer fried mushrooms or pickles. It's all there. 

So you order at the counter and find your seat with a number, you wait for a fair amount of time and you are greeted by name with your food. The sauces I've had are lemon pepper, parmesan garlic, original hot, hickory smoked BBQ and mild. None of them have been a disappointment. The first time I came here, I'll say I wasn't the biggest fan of the boneless wings. There was little too much breading, but it didn't ruin my virgin experience. I say get the bone-in wings because the wings are big, they are bigger than that other place everyone's on the nuts of. Your meal COMES WITH ranch, and not small, dainty container but a generous portion of ranch as your dipping sauce. 

I'm in love with wing stop. It is my new abode for wings. I prefer this over any other wing joint I've had in a while, because I feel like I'm welcomed and of course they give you the bang for your buck. Eat here, enjoy some beer and don't forget to thank them so graciously as you leave. Because you'll be coming back.
This was crazy and caught me totally off guard.  I took pictures of the food it was not done the fries nor the chicken. How does a cook spend time in the kitchen and produce half done fries and half done chicken?
 Its beyond me. All the staff have a great attitude but on my first wing I thru it up. I bit into the wing chew chew it sprayed everyplace I was like omg this chicken is not done I was trying to spit it into a napkin but I threw up...it was sad. 
The cook came out asked if I was ok. Its like I blinked and the entire staff was at my side patting me in the back asking me if I was ok.
                                  (IT'S SO NICE TO KNOW THEY CARE.)
All I could say was its not done. The COOK said he was sorry he gave me napkins and I drank soda to make myself feel better. I took a wing and pulled it apart and sure enough it was raw on the inside very cold I invited him to have a feel and he was like oh wow I will cook more I was like no need I wont be eating here. But the cheese sticks were great! He told me he was not going to have it any other way so he went into the kitchen and made more chicken & fries. After 20 mins he was back at the table...Once at the table I took a sniff and pulled it apart and it was NOT done. He explained that he never had this issue before. And he was really sorry. He said he just could not explain why his chicken and fries looked done yet was not done. I was like thank you for trying but I'm going home. I looked at the husband and he told me his chicken was not done. I asked him why he ate it? His reply made me so mad. He said he was hungry and not willing to wait on them to cook him more chicken. You would think I don't  feed him at home or something.
I'm rating based off service and their food.   I've heard a lot of hype from my friends so I decided to give it a shot.  And I was utterly disappointed.
    I ended up getting their 8 wing combo which came out to be little over $10, which is not bad.  Got two flavors:  Louisiana rub and garlic parm.  Order took a lil while, which I expected ( a lil over/under 10 mins albeit the place was pretty much empty but I kept thinking they make it fresh ).  Anyways my order arrived and immediately I noticed the order did not looked right.  I know Louisiana rub and what I got was NOT Louisiana rub.  So I proceeded to tell the server to get it corrected, he agreed said he'd never seen Louisiana rub like that ( the rub was non existant, pretty much they gave me oily wings with pepper and some salt ).  He went to the kitchen, spoke to the cook came back a few mins later and to my surprise told me okay here you go.  I was like the same ones?  He then said yup the cook says that's how it looks.
    So I ended up unsatisfied.  Even my friend tried them,  said that does not taste like Louisiana rub.  In all a bad experience, the server tried, but the cook made it for a bad outing.  If I want wings I'll stick to BDubs, you can never go wrong with their Caribbean jerk or mango habanero...
Wingstop is a pretty good spot for wings close to UNLV. To me its kind of like a fast-food version of Buffalo Wild Wings. You order off a board and and they bring the food out to ya, doesn't have a full bar but features a couple beers on tap/bottles and has a strong sports bar feel to it. Not sure why but this location seems to have ton of employees working (really just standing around) so service is pretty quick.

You can pick from regular or boneless wings along with a couple different sauces/dry rubs. If wings aren't you're things they have some other stuff on the menu also, along with fried pickles, kinda random but worth checking out lol.

I can't say much on the regular wings, not a fan of bone, but the boneless ones aren't bad. I kinda noticed that the breading was a little thicker than bdubs but still good. The wings are served wet, plenty of sauce/rub and are pretty big. Flavor range on their sauces is pretty standard, hot, medium, teriyaki, bbq, garlic parm, nothing unique Unfortunately for what the place is, its not cheap, about $10-12 bucks for a 8 piece combo with their soggy-ass fries and a drink. Overpriced for what you get and they still charge you a buck for ranch, smh... After lunch they have a daily "happy hour" specials that change each day, but they are pretty meh...

Its not bad, but there are better places for wings. But hey.. they got that cool touchscreen soda fountain!
Thank you Manager Dana for the excellent customer service received on our first time at this location.  Absolutely love the Lemon Pepper Wings.  Delicious!
Pretty good bone in wings. They were cooked well with a nice crispy skin. Sauce was in the bland side. Boneless Chicken was good. No complaints about the food. Service was not great, the crew is still very new. Watch out for the add-on items. They charge for a side of celery, ranch sauce, and anything else they can think of. Good addition to the neighborhood.
Yes, we had Wing Stop for lunch.  And Yes, I am reviewing this place. 

Located near UNLV and in the same parking lot as Seafood City, Wing Stop is one of those places where they're known for just their wings and sports bar type feel.  We had lunch here because we wanted something quick, didn't want to drive too far from Seafood City, and needed some protein. There's protein in it chicken, right?  We ended up sharing 12 pieces of their boneless Garlic Parmesan chicken.  Taste wise was okay and this got me realizing that I should have opted for their plain boneless chicken.  Service wasn't bad, but the food did take a little longer than expected.  As for the restaurant, it's spacious with enough TV's playing ESPN.  My biggest issue, that was an immediate turn off for me, was the smell of mop water upon walking in.  A clean towel to wipe down the tables would have been nice, just saying.
I just recently found this place and I am so happy I finally gave Wingstop a try.  The prices are reasonable and the portions are big.  They even have a $5 lunch special every day from 11a-2p. The chicken is tasty and the sauces are yummy.  I have tried most of them so far and really enjoy the Louisiana Rub and the Garlic Parmesan flavors.    

It is also a nice place to grab a quick bite to eat.  You can be in and out pretty quickly when you need to be.  If you like sports, there always seems to be something on the TVs.  It has a sporty vibe, but it isn't shoved down your throat either.  It is a fun place to eat.

They have an email club that you can join on their website and get coupons emails pretty regularly as well.  I love a good coupon!
Great specials!!! I love the option of getting a beer instead of soda for a dollar more haha!!! Had to rush and eat but it's a great hang out spot and I will def go again!! I wish I had one closer to me because this will def be an addiction!! Haha
I love wingstop. I have always been a fan of wingstop and this is my favorite location. This location is at least 3 times as big as a normal location and I love the service too. My favorite flavor is the cajun. Spicy with good overall flavor.
we ordered the sports pack....pretty good deal. now if only the service was a little better....the "bartender" was on her break but managed to go back behind the bar to get herself a beer this was about 10min after we ordered our second pitcher...she finally comes back from her break and tells us there's no more Stella, doesn't ask if we want anything else and about 5min after comes out w the keg to serve us the beer. good, they had the beer we wanted but by now we're done eating all the wings and had to order some more fries. another 10min later we get our "loaded" fries...they were loaded alright....with salt and pepper! to top it off she comes to drop them off while she's talking on her cell phone. IS THIS REALLY HAPPENING? we tell her they were supposed to be loaded, she takes them and comes out from the kitchen a minute later w cheese all over our fries. but where's the jalapeños? I got up, fries in hand and walked to their kitchen, I asked her for jalapeños and after she looks at me like I'm crazy she hands me some jalapeños in a container. I didn't even bother to ask for the bacon. no wonder people don't leave tips for them. the service is mediocre and so is the food! should've saved our money and gone to BWW!!!!
I already love Wingstop, it's my favorite of the major wing places around.  This one however is extra special, it's a new Wingstop Sports.  Its basically like a sports bar similar to Buffalo Wild Wings.  This Wingstop has much larger space for seating, has a wider variety of food selections including burgers, appetizers etc.  The manager is also a really cool fun guy who has always been nice to my friends and I.  We used to know this guy when he was working at a different Wingstop in the Vegas area.  I don't know if it was luck, but my wings were larger than I think I have ever had from a Wingstop before and they are always good size anyways.  Tried the new Mango Habanero and those were delicious along with Cajun.  They also have the best ranch of any place period.  The place was in a busy area, kept very clean inside, and they have those new soda machines with like 1,000 flavor options so that was nice too.  For those into drinking they do serve alcohol as well.  Food was delicious, service was great.  We ordered online and it was all ready when we got there and still fresh and hot.  Very happy and will be bringing my family back with me the next time.
I've been a Wingstop fan for quite some time now.  My friends and I would got to the Green Valley Ranch location about once a week until it was closed down.  Then we started going to the Tropicana location (although not as frequently due to the location).  We recently found about this particular location on Maryland and wanted to give it a try.

The manager, DJ, transferred from the Tropicana location.  He remembers our names (even though we only go a couple times a month these days) and is always welcoming and friendly.

This location is a bit different than most Wingstop locations.  There is a bar area.  There is more seating than normal.  The walls are lined with TVs showing sports.  I like all these things.  At the other Wingstop locations I would feel cramped and would want to leave soon after finishing my meal.

The wings I got on this trip were exceptionally large.  I've never had a problem with wing size at Wingstop and these were even bigger than usual.  I typically get the hot sauce which has a decent amount of kick.  The wings are never undercooked or overcooked and are quite tender and juicy.

I love the ranch sauce.  It's thin without being watery.  Hard to explain, but it's perfect for going with the hot wings.

They have TWO of the coke machines with the touchscreens.  I love those touchscreens, but people can be slow figuring them out.  With two of them there I hardly saw a line waiting for them.

The only negative about Wingstop is the price.  A small soda, dozen wings, and a ranch cost me over $12.
Yet another restaurant that I'm surprised Yelpers have rated as average! Since I live on campus, I was looking for somewhere close to satisfy my wing craving. I'm used to Buffalo Wild Wings, but it's too far out of the way. I'm so glad I stumbled upon Wingstop!!

The prices are about what you'd think for wings, but the difference is that the wings are bigger than normal! I get the boneless teriyaki, and they have been absolutely delicious each and every time (plenty of sauce, but still a wonderful crunch to the chicken!!). The fries are also really good, they use some kind of sweet and salty seasoning. Sometimes they aren't as crisp as I would like, but still pretty darn good. They also have the new touch screen Coke machines in there, so it's nice to have so many options for a drink!

The only negative thing about the restaurant would be that it's a bit crowded with the tables, but if you pick a spot along the wall it's not bad at all.
Having been here 5-10 times, the service and the food has always been fantastic. That is until tonight. My friend and I split the Manager's 15 piece special, and I was feeling great until I started eating my boneless teriyaki. I started feeling nauseous, and only finished half of my meal. Within half an hour of being home, I threw up my meal. I can't remember the last time (if ever) that has happened to me. My friend also has had 3 "unpleasant" trips to the bathroom.... I hope I am the only one who gets physically sick. Anyway, I am incredibly disappointed, I hope no one else has had this experience. But it will be a while till we try this restaurant again I'm afraid.
Never have had a problem with Wingstop before until going to this location. First I was annoyed when the boy taking the orders told us mango habanero was not available for whatever reason. Then he only gave us one drink with our 10 strip combo & we usually get two drinks. Then I sat down to wait for my food and one of the bus girls proceeded to tell me I couldn't sit at the table I was sitting at because it was "closed". Closed? Really? But the table next to mine isn't closed? Hm, okay. Then throughout the rest of our meal the girl was moving around tables and mopping. I get that you are closing in an hour or so but moping next to people eating is never okay. I will not be going to this location again.
Before I say anything the food Wingstop sells is amazing. I'll continue to eat it, just not at this location. I normally go to the one on Nellis and Stewart. They never mess my order up and they're really friendly. It wasn't till this month that I started going to this Wingstop location on Maryland parkway. Again food was great however the customer service I experienced had to be the worse I've ever dealt with in my LIFE!!! I placed my order through the app around 8 pm for pick up at 11:15 pm. I get to Wingstop at exactly 11:13 pm hoping for my food that I had order 3 hours ahead of time. I give Arcoiris my name and I let her know that I'm there to pick up an order. She then says "we don't have anything under your name" I  tell her I placed it over the app. She then knew what I was talking about and told me that order was scheduled to be picked up at 11:15 to which I said "fine I'll wait a minute then" it was then when Arcoiris realized she had fucked up and never placed my order. Even though she had the form right next to the register with a huge note that said place at 11 pm. So now I'm there waiting for my food like an idiot. I didn't get an apology or anything, not even a cup of water. Then once I finally had my food I checked it and  missing 3 rolls so I had to wait another 5 minutes by the time I left Wingstop it was 11:50. I was going to give them a bad review then but I figured I give them a second chance and I did yesterday and same shit horrible service I'm not even going to bother writing about it. All that matters which I find funny is that I learned that Arcoiris the girl who had fucked up my order a week ago is a supervisor!!! So she should of known better the first time. I found out because the girl that rang us up tonight was having issues with our order and had to call her supervisor. Who happened to be her. Anyways never going back here and I don't plan on recommending this place to anyone EVER. If you guys want Wingstop go to any other location.
The food is good but they take FOREVER at this location. I've received much faster service at other locations. It's as if they have one cook in the back and 5 people on the floor. Management can you please staff appropriately. Still sitting here and it's been 20 minutes
Haven't had the wings yet, I will post review for that shortly, however I just place my carry out order and I must say the gentleman on the phone was great! Very polite and perfect customer service! Excited to finally try the wings!
Maybe should have a little bit of common sense when dealing with great customers. False accusations are a fast way to lose business.
Customer service fails!!! 
We place the order by telephone, order was 12 chicken strips, fries, beans, two blue cheeses, and an order of cheese sauce. After spending the 15-20 minute drive there and back each way (obviously not one in my area) open the sack only to find the sauces missing. What is the meal without the sauce. Called to complain, placed on hold, even spoke up and said I didn't want to be on hold because I had an order problem. On hold anyways. Hung up, called back and again said I had an order problem, the manager, Shawn, Swan or something said that the only thing hw would do is give me free sauce the next time I came in... What? No I'm not satisfied by getting free sauce that I have already paid for on my next visit. A bigger attempt at a discount or comp would have been the only way I was going to be satisfied. My meal was not complete. Very disappointed!!!!
This place is nice and relaxing, prices are good and service too!! This wi be my new wings/finger spot and that's with out mentioning that PBR beer is only one dollar every day!!! 

Cheers!!!!
This may not be my favorite Wingstop location but it's still very good. The staff is nice, the food is fresh and I haven't had any troubles with my orders.  The lemon pepper is very lemony but lacks other flavors like the pepper that follows it's name or even salt. So far that's been the only flavor I didn't care for. The fries are my favorite style where they leave bits of the skin on. Wingstop is far better than the Wings chain that seems to have fizzled out over the years. All in all this is a good place to get wings nothing special.
A friend and I decided to go out for wings he suggested to go to wingstop, I have never been to wingstop before and for it being my first time it was actually pretty good! We ordered the dinner for two got the Traditional wings with original hot sauce and Cajun it's was a lot better than I expected not to mention the fries! Those fries are no joke pretty effin good if you ask me! This place seemed pretty chill and would definitely come back :)
$1 beer was nice, but wing was  hard as rock, I asked if this was harder than usual but they said that was the one I should enjoy...  not for me.
This Wing Stop is huge and conveniently located near UNLV and their wing special on the Tuesday that we went was awesome and totally worth every dollar. They have lots of large TVs for sports viewing needs  

We came in a big group and they were able to accommodate us surprisingly well. We ordered 3 of the 24piece wing specials that comes with 1pitcher of beer, mozzarella sticks, carrots and celery. And on all 3 orders of the 24piece wings we were able to get different sauces for each set of orders. They made the ordering process easy and it didn't take too long for the food to come out  despite it was a busy sports night during the  basketball playoffs and we were a large group. 

Get 4 stars coz even though it's way bigger than most wing stops... Place still feel really packed and crammed... But that's expected from a sports bar.
I've only ever gotten takeout here. Wings & fries are really delicious and I like that they have the soda machine with 100 different sodas. Employees were very nice. 

Only got three stars because the last time I was here, I got really sick. :( I haven't had any food from here since, but I might give it another try sometime.
I love Wing Stop.  I discovered this place when I lived in Texas and then was unable to have them for several years... but no more!

This is the closest location to my house and it's still about 15 minutes away (all streets) but damnit, I love this place.  I ordered about 25 wings (4 different flavors) and two sides of fries online on a Wednesday night and the site said 20 minutes.  Honestly, I didn't believe it.  But I drove over there and it was actually being bagged as I walked in the door.

Awesome. Just awesome.  Easy parking, super-friendly staff, very clean location and it looked like they had some great dine-in specials with beer.

Online they had a special for 60 cents per boneless wing, minimum 5, which is pretty good in my opinion.  I don't know if this is a consistent thing or not.

The french fries had much less sugar than I was used to, which certainly made me sad but they were still good with their delicious ranch sauce.

Their Louisiana rub packs quite a punch!  I think it's by far the hottest - Atomic is a joke compared to it.  Their Teriyaki is also still on point, and their BBQ was good to try once but I'm just not a huge fan of BBQ on chicken wings (I got some because I was sharing with friends who had never had Wing Stop).

I can't wait to go again.  I'm literally salivating at the thought while I type this.  n_n
This wing stop is a Wing Stop SPORT. It has a large amount of HD TVs and a full bar. It was a great place to stop and watch the game, but it seemed like it was poorly managed. One of the soda machine  was broken, the bathroom did not have soap dispensers, but instead it had a cup of liquid soap to use. They also didn't have any napkins, just rolls of paper towels for you to rip off of.  The prices are fair and the chicken fingers were very good, but the fries were extremely salty. They also gave me the wrong number and almost threw my good away because they couldn't find me and the number they assigned to me... This place is great for some wings, but could've definitely used a little improvement on management and staffing.
It's the age-old problem: new girl joins Yelp, writes a few enthusiastic reviews, then disappears off the face of the internet.  The reason why I've been MIA lately is because I haven't been going out anywhere except one specific place, and that place is Wings Edinburgh.  

I was initially reluctant about writing this review because the place is seriously a hidden gem, but after three weekends in a row (told you I literally haven't been going anywhere else) I talked about it with the server and she was extremely happy for me to do so.  And Wings Edinburgh is worth the advertisement.  

First, how it all happened.  See, my husband and I had heard about such a place from some mates but had never sought it out.  Then, one rugby day after one-too-many pints we decided to take an adventure and find it.  So we dragged ourselves up the hill on Victoria St. and suddenly found ourselves in front of a tiny sandwich board that just said 'Wings'.  Walk down the dark alley that when slightly intoxicated seems like a trip to Narnia (stone cold sober it feels like the middle of a slasher movie) and you'll find yourself in front of a blue door.  Enter and get ready to eat.  

The premise is extremely simple.  The menu is wings, only wings, and you can choose between two dozen flavours/dry rubs/sauces.  Each bowl comes with 6 wings in the sauce/rub of your choice, you chow down and put the bones in a bucket on the table.  That's it, pure and simple.  My favourites?  No Big Dill (Caesar dressing and dill) and the Smoked Emperor (a delicious bbq sauce).  The Tiger Wings are fantastic as well.  They've got both sweet and spicy options, and you can mix-and-match whatever flavours you desire.  As for drinks, again simple.  There's about 6 different options for bottled beer, no draft.  The cheapest is Corona for 2.50.  They also do water and milk for the really spicy sauces.  As for prices, a bowl of six wings is 3 each, but on Sundays get ready: 10 for all you can eat!  All the wings your heart desires for 10 pounds.  Big plays.  Feel like a challenge?  They have a Wall of Flame.  Eat 6 wings covered in the suicide sauce and get your picture on the wall.  I had a tiny taste of the sauce and almost died.  65 people have tried the challenge and only 11 people have succeeded.  So good luck with that.  Also, starting next weekend they're starting a count of their most wing eating customers.  

Wings Edinburgh is, at the moment, only open Friday, Saturday and Sunday, and you have to check the facebook page to see what time they open (two weekends ago they opened at 4, last Sunday it was 2 [seriously, wasn't joking when I said this is the only place I've been in three weeks]).  And I'm also not joking when I say the place is as simple as it gets.  The wings come in a paper bowl, there's no cutlery, and the only two people that work there are the server and the cook.  If you want a fancy dinner out on the town, this is not your place.  Going on a first date?  You'll have sauce all over your face, maybe not the best (or maybe it is, if so keep that person around they're awesome).  They only serve wings- no burgers, no chips, no salad, just wings.  But if that's what you're after, this is the place.  And it's seriously worth it.

If you go look for me, I'll probably be there since I can't keep away.  This is seriously one of those hidden gems that makes Edinburgh such a fantastic city.  Next weekend head over to Victoria St. and be on the lookout for a tiny sandwich board, you won't be disappointed.

(the facebook link won't work in the business website place, so here it is- click on it to find opening times and news/information)
https://www.facebook.com/wings.edinburgh?ref=ts&fref=ts
This is what I have been waiting for!!! Finally chicken wings in Edinburgh!!

I am a huge fan of chicken wings. Chicken wings and beer - what a perfect combination. I grew up Niagara Falls, Canada just a stones throw away from Buffalo, New York where 'buffalo wings' were created. In North America, it's very typical to go out for beer and wings. Or to go out and enjoy all-you-can-eat wings. This is one thing I have greatly missed since moving here and I am SO glad that this place finally exists in Edinburgh.

Wings gives it to you straight up. It's just wings and beer. Oh and chips but you don't want chips - you come here for the wings. They have over 40 different flavours of sauces/dry rubs. I came on Friday night with my partner and we tried seven of the forty. It's 3 pounds for 6 wings. 

My favourites: Julius the Hot (caesar and Frank's red hot dressing), No big dill (dill and a white cream type dressing), and another one that was essentially a cheesy creamy cheese with FRESH* jalapenos. We also tried the a super hot flavour that's mixed with maple syrup. It was tasty. They have 'suicide' flavour - 11 people out of 65 were able to eat them. If you can handle some heat I urge you to try it out!

These wings are deep fried, American, buffalo wing style. They are perfect. This is a great place to come with friends before heading out. 

Like Kristin C. noted below, this isn't a date spot. It's located in the basement of Mariachi's. There are two people who work here, the cook and the server. The server is Canadian and super friendly!

You'll wake up the next morning and your fingers will smell like chicken wings (but that's fine). They do all-you-can-eat on Sundays for 10 pounds. Who knows I might be back today!

This is my new favourite place in Edinburgh. That's all. 
-------
*I love when restaurants use fresh jalapenos.
This is like a little, chilled-out den or living room, and the menu selection is a great adventure with so many great choices! After going to nearby Bow Bar tonight, Mason R. and I wanted a little snack... After reading some great reviews on Yelp for Wings Edinburgh, we saw it and decided to explore it. We saw the sign luring us in near Mariachi the Mexican restaurant, leading us down to their side courtyard and into a black door labeled 'wings!' Ever intrigued, we kept going into this 'secret' wing den. We were warmly greeted by one of the co-owners and she kindly explained every sauce on the menu for us, and helped me choose the sweet and unique-sounding Sweet Vanilla sauce for my wings, whilst Mason chose the Hot Oriental sauce. The guys at a nearby table were at the end of completing the spicy wing challenge (and succeeded!) and the place was great and chilled out with playing Nintendo 64 as entertainment.

When our wings came, Mason was thrilled with his savoury chicken wings and I loved my sweet, sugary vanilla ones! It was a great value for just £3 for a bowl of six wings, and it felt like a little home away from home. On Sundays they even have all-you-can-eat wings for only £10! The place is only open from Friday to Sunday, and the people here really are passionate about wings and really cool innovative sauces. That's what they do and they are great at it! In the summer, it would be amazing to sit out in their courtyard and relax with wings and the £2.50 Coronas. We will definitely be back... And Mason will conquer that spicy wing challenge while I sit back and enjoy my sweet wings.
I love chicken. So finding out Wings exists is like a dream come true. It's small, it's easy to miss (look for the sandwich board next to Mariachi and follow the arrow), and it's amazing. Wings serves nothing but chicken wings (well, chips, but you came here for the chicken) and drinks to wash down the chickeny goodness with. I went for the first time last night with my boyfriend and we had 3 bowls each (a bowl of six wings being a mere £3). I tried three dry rubs: Chilli Lime (delicious, definite favourite), Margarita (Tequila, salt and lime, also delicious with very crispy skin) and Pineapple Jerk (apparently only one 'flame' on their spice chart but very spicy indeed, so I'd hate to think how spicy the eleven flame Suicide wings are!). Boyfriend had Oh Canada (maple syrup sauce), Smoked Emperor (hot sauce and caesar) and Sweet Chilli. He loved his three just as much as I loved mine. We will definitely be back, and no doubt very very soon! With over 40 sauce/rubs to try, it would be rude not to.
Great flavour options...
Unlimited Sundays... Woot!
N64 anyone?
Check out all the top scores for this new pop-up joint and instant Edinburgh institution. Yelp don't lie!

This place has exploded onto the scene, and with good reason. They've rented the downstairs part of Mariachi's (which explains the alleyway entrance), so it's actually a lot nicer inside than we were expecting from a back alley pop up.

I love a place that does one thing and does it well. Places like Oink doing hog roast, Los Cardos doing burritos and now Wings doing . . . wings!

Cheap and cheerful, £3 per bowl of 6 wings. £2.50 a bottle of beer. They no longer do all you can eat on Sundays but the price is reduced to £2.50 per bowl. With about 30 flavours to choose from, you can jump right in and gorge yourself on anything that takes your fancy. 

It's quite nice inside, but still fairly basic. Large wooden tables and metal buckets for your bones and napkins. Very friendly and attentive service means you can order as you go without having to wait around. Really just an excellent concept that provides something you can't get anywhere else in town. Although I do wonder whether the wings craze will spread.

Go there now. Run, don't walk. The way their fame is spreading means that before long it'll be standing room only.

***Word of warning: they're only open Fri-Sun and they don't open till the afternoon. 4pm Fridays and 2pm Saturdays and Sundays. We initially turned up for lunch and were wandering up and down every alley off Victoria St until we asked someone and learned the opening time.
I really wasn't sure what to make of this, before we went - but then loved it!
It's nicer inside than I imagined, cosy with long tables. And the wings are just delicious - we tasted about seven different types and they were all great. 
Not ideal for a first date, I'd suggest - getting sauce all over your face isn't a great look ... but it's great - go and try it...
Wings. If you've seen Forrest Gump you'll remember Bubba and his shrimps.
Here it is Ollie and his wings. Nice informal set up. Big tables with buckets and napkins. A menu with all varieties of wings on offer. 
I was enticed to go here and challenge myself. Not how many, but how hot. I started sedately with the 2 flame buffalo. 

Then the challenge: suicidal. I was warned by Tanja R, the waiter my wife the people on the next table and eventually the chef came out to ensure I did not make a foolish mistake. I insisted. They advised that there was a wall with previous winners (of which some are possibly to be discharged from hospital, we joked) I was presented with a bright red dish swimming in chili seeds and a sauce that by the smell of it could easily double as an industrial paint stripper. Lovingly topped with a huge Madame Jeanette or Scotch Bonnet chilipeper. I was applauded for starting this challenge by all mentioned before. They brought out milk and water. Advised NOT to rub my eyes when sweating and crying. "Bring it On!" I vaguely remember saying. 

1st wing went OK. Licking my fingers. A slight heat but nothing too serious. Wing two: I bit a seed, this split... then OMFG! waves of heat, shots of hot coal and a sweet but instant fire sensation overwhelmed me. Milk.. gone. Beer.. gone. Water was offered, but that would make it worse. More milk. Looking at the bowl with the four remaining pieces and the proud but mocking Scotch Bonnet I knew I lost. I didn't care, I needed more milk. They left the full milk bottle on the table. I was unable to utter words for a little while. Sweat was pouring, my eyes welled up and yes grown man also cry. 

WINGS   1
JUNGLEBOY 0

When I found my composure. We paid and again I was encouragingly applauded. 

A true challenge that will have to be revisited on a later date. Far. In. The. Future.

I will visit again, just because all the other wings were so nice.
The idea is great, don't get me wrong. All my favourite Edinburgh takeaways are based on simple ideas (see: Los Cardos, Oink, et al.) and the idea behind Wings is as simple as you like.

The execution, however, is in need of work. We came round here for a cheeky couple of takeaway bowls. We opted for Tiger and Charlic.

The Tiger wings were lovely, the sauce had a nice heat and great flavour. The Charlic  ones less so. They tasted okay, but there didn't seem to be any skill involved. They looked like a half-dozen wings that have been under a teaspoon of chilli flakes.... there was no garlic to note.

On top of that I found our wings to be overcooked. I've had moister wings out of a Morrisons deli. It all seemed a bit conveyor belt-ish and not entirely fresh. I'll go back and give them a chance to sway my vote, after all they are impressively cheap and have an abundance of flavour options... it'll be interesting to see how different the varying 'groups' of flavours are from each other.

Anyway, I'm off now to start my own, more successful venture.... I'm calling it Thighs! Mmmm.....
I had heard a lot of rave reviews for Wings, so when Tanja R. suggested to try out this place I thought this is a great opportunity to see for myself.. Wings is located off Victoria Street, you walk down an alley and then end up at this very underground looking place where I wouldn't perhaps normally venture to.

Wings is a very casual place, and that's what I liked about it. The people who work there are really friendly - it's like a bunch of guys operating this 'wing joint' in between playing video games :) It had a very informal feel to it. 

A bowl of 6 chicken wings was only £2.50 (April promotion), and so was a bottle of Sol so all in all quite good value. There were lots of sauces to choose from. I went for the Pineapple and jerk marinade (dry rub) and Caesar dill sauce. 

I only give this visit 3 stars because I didn't enjoy the wings as much as I thought I would - I found the pineapple jerk marinade okish but quite salty, and the wings themselves could have perhaps been a bit juicier. However, I intend to return and try some of the other marinades next time and I'm sure I can bump up my rating to a fine four stars :)
We've been back to Wings twice since my last review and we still think it's great.  Most recently we took 4 friends (including a couple who live directly above it but had never been, madness) who all loved it too, though they could only manage a paltry 2 bowls each - my best so far is 5 bowls (30 wings), nowhere near the restaurant record though.  The service is still good, the staff are all funny and casual, and the 'cook' as their Facebook calls him frequently comes out to chat when the kitchen's quieter.  The £2.50 a bowl deal in April was brilliant too, but sadly it's May now and prices are back to £3.  I think between us we've tried most of the menu too (Gene Parmesan, mmmm, with a bonus Arrested Development reference).

Why have I given it 4 stars this time though? Well, as another review pointed out sometimes the wings are overdone, and I really wish the flames rating was a bit more honest - or at least that 1 flame really was more like 1 flame, as the jump from none to 1 is too much.  And sadly I tried one sauce I really didn't like. I love blue cheese so finding out that they had added some blue cheese sauce options was very welcome news - until I tried one. Sad Cheese. It was sad. It didn't taste like blue cheese at all and just wasn't nice - though I still ate the whole bowl.

We do still really like Wings though, and one bad sauce isn't enough to put me off when there are dozens more to choose from.
I wanted to give it more stars- darn only 5 available. This time I was able to taste more bowls of different flavours. Including new ones still in development. (like Chocolate and Chili). 
It was a feast. Flavours and spiciness is pretty accurate. You can find the differences in every piece. I tried about 7 flavours  tonight with the help from other Yelpers. One went for the Challenge and made the board - Wall of Flame no 23 out of 99. I am feeling less of a man now.. as Ollie (the Wing Man) pointed out - YES OLLIE I am ashamed... maybe next time I'll finish it. - Somewhere in September.. perhaps.. who knows.

Wings provides to us people a service not found in any other place - they don't pretend to be anything else than what they are: a place that serves chicken wings. But they do it with flair and familiarity. Great fun and great service! Even with a big group of 18 we got all we needed served in great time and speed. 

A real gem in a city filled with rosettes and stars. Just be prepared to eat with your fingers as it is no place for forks.
I finally tried Wings! It's only been open a few months, but already a flurry of Yelp reviews had me very curious and salivating (drooling) somewhat. A place that does one thing, and one thing only: chicken wings.

And with sauces like Oh Canada (Maple BBQ) and Vanilla, I was even more curious.

Luckily, Tanja R suggested a Yelper outting here so 15 of us rocked up one Sunday evening and got one of the big tables. First off, when going here, doing be alarmed / confused. It is down a wee alley beside Mariachi, and the door isn't open. It's on your left as you get to the bottom of the wee alley, and just has a sign that says 'Wings'. Nothing else. I almost turned around and went back as thought I'd gone the wrong way.

Inside it's just a room, with no windows, that has some basic tables, chairs, and old school Mario Kart. The two guys who run the front of house are decked out in Saved by the Bell Skeeter-type Hawaiin shirts (so bad they're good) and are super friendly.

The menu is simple. 40 types of Wings flavours, with specials on the walls. The Wings themselves were juicy and full of meat. No wing was too overcooked, so I think perhaps Joe A came on a bad day? I do agree that it can get a little repetitive and there isn't much variety as, well, it's only wings. But you come here knowing that. I'd also say if anyone had a dry wing experience, then come back and try again. 15 of us ordered at least a few bowls each, and every bowl was full of juicy wings

My Oh Canada! BBQ Maple sauce was a little sweet, but still tasty. The dry Margarita just tasted of lime (I couldn't detect tequila) but still a nice 'plainer' option. The spicy blue cheese was bizarre. But part of the fun is ordering bizarre flavours and just trying them.

£3.50 for a bowl of 6 Wings. One bowl practically filled me up, 2 left me very full indeed. Oh and they do takeaway.

I'd come here again, for a quick pit-stop of Wings or with a big group. Certainly not for a chilled out, lengthy meal. Only reason it's lacking one star as some of the dry Wings flavours I tried were a little too dry, the coating not actually blending on the Wings and just leading to gunged up coating on your teeth.

I also suggested they swap out the chocolate chilli for a Mexican Mole sauce; and try Haggis too. If they do those - YOU SAW IT HERE FIRST!

Still, great idea, they pull it off brilliantly, and given how busy it was, I can tell it's already well loved in Edinburgh.

I'll leave it to Mason R to review the Wings Challenge and how he earned his place on the Wall of Flame ;)
I heard about Wings way back, and was intrigued by this hole-in-the-wall type place selling chicken wings. Having met the amazing Edinburgh Yelpers at an event, and hearing them talk about this place made me even more keen. So keen in fact, I tried to go to get the wings then and there but they told me it was just on the Friday and the weekend. 

The lovely Tanja R organised a Yelper outing and let me and my husband tag along. Thank Tanja! So we came through from Glasgow with the sole purpose of visiting Wings. We found it easily enough (although I think Graeme was a bit worried about where we were going) - just follow the blackboard sign, and head through the blue door. 

This place is the epitome of casual - timber tables and nothing fancy. You wouldn't come here for a romantic meal (unless chicken wings are your idea of romantic!). But, what I really wanted to know is - what are the wings like? 

I'd already picked out Gene Parmesan as my first wing selection, I couldn't bypass the Arrested Development reference. These had a nice garlic creamy sauce on the wings which was really finger-licking good (literally). I'll try not to make that comment again, but I can't promise anything. 

I also went for Chicken 2 (chicken squared). Chicken wings coated with chicken seasoning (in Australia I'd call this chicken salt). Again, really tasty and went nicely with the left over Gene Parmesan sauce. 

The wings themselves were juicy and very meaty. In fact, I was full after two bowls (12 wings). I was really sad - I wanted to eat more! But being very full and well fed for £7 in Edinburgh doesn't happen often, so instead I sat back and watched Edinburgh Yelper Mason R take the suicide challenge. He was a true champion, finishing in 80 seconds and doing the table proud! 

The staff here were the other highlight - super friendly and relaxed guys, they were on hand with any menu questions you had and keep you updated with EWA (expected wing arrival). Awesome. I'd definitely go back when I was in Edinburgh.
Wings, Wings, Wings. It's all about the Wings and the multiple sauces. Chicken wings and marshmallows? Done. Spicy wings, plain wings, its all wings here. 

I first came with a group of Yelpers. I have to confess to not being a meat on the bone kinda gal. All those greasy fingers and stringy bits always puts me off, but not here. The wings have lots of meat on them and I'm usually reaching full after around 2 bowls of wings (12 wings). At £3.50 a bowl and drinks reasonably priced - 500ml Koppaberg is £3 then this is a bargain place for the budget conscious. 

It was a pop up - now closed till permanent residence is found so its basic but clean. Shared tables and buckets for the bones, service is fast, efficient and friendly. I came here again on Friday night with what I reckon must have been Wings' youngest ever diner - my one year old niece and they were able to get a decent highchair for her after it was requested so well done guys!

Yes, there are those who will attempt (Rayan) and survive the suicide challenge (Mason and my brother) and a brave and successful challenger for the Armageddon challenge so whoops and cheers are common, which adds to the friendly, buzzy atmosphere. So Wing's, I am missing you, but I'm sure those facebook alerts will tell me where to find you next...
YUM, YUM YUM YUM!

Have I had better wings in my lifetime.. Yes, Yes I have... Have I had better wings in Edinburgh.. errr... don't think so?!? I had so much fun here, I ate here twice in about 7 days.. 

The guys who run the place are super chill and super friendly.. Tho sometimes you gotta wave them down to get service..  Fine dining this is not.. A great place to go with a group of friends, it most certainly IS!

Bit sad they are actually no longer at this location... can't wait for them to pop up again in a new location!
Tasty wings!!

I never thought chicken wings would excite me but after a firm recommendation from Sharon G I new I had to try!. I never knew you could get so many sauces and rubs to out on chicken!. loved this place and so glad they are moving location  to hopefully somewhere bigger!!
So in total 15 Stars! - Why another review update? - Because they are awesome - oh and also they reopened at a new location after depriving me of proper wings for over 2 months... at the Old Fish market Close. A brilliant location and just minutes away from where they used to be - oh the memories. 

Yes, they have reopened just last week. We henceforth booked a table for the hardest of hard core Yelp Wings Appreciation Society. Compromising of the one and only "Golden Cock Award" owner and fastest "Suicide Challenge" winner Mason. 

On arrival we noticed they had a terrace, with some nice spots overlooking the Close. On entering the building we saw the Golden Elephant - it'll makes sense when you visit - though I am still confused. Turn right and you enter into the Chefs dispensing area and take away section (I guess), which is tastefully decorated in white emulsion and red accented pieces. Turn left and you enter into the feeding cellar or cave, yes cave. It is an old holding cellar and many bow structures to support the above building. The set up is still similar to the former place, big tables,  chairs, buckets, napkins and menus. 

They are very much in the decorating stage but all is well! I like the Themed Tables, they could easily create a booking system based on that - "yes hello Wings here, how can I help?" "I like to book the Star Trek table please?" "Sorry that is already taken but you can book the Pinup Postcard table if you like?" .

There is also a door leading to an even lower section of the Royal Mile, That is planned to be opened up in about a month or 2 and that will make Wings the biggest ever Wings Only restaurant in my living memory. 

Their customer service is just phenomenal. Nothing fancy just a jolly, friendly atmosphere and making sure you have a good time. Swiftly turning over the bowls you order and supplying copious amount of beers, ciders or Irn Bru. 

My wings that evening were Wingtastinc and the latest bowl I had with Tapps Aff & Blue Cheese gave me a Wingasm. 

They have no offical website (just a personal facebook page), no official phone number nor is there any guide in tourist books about them. Word of mouth has created this place to what it is. 
I stand by my previous reviews as they are worth every star!

Dear Chef and all staff at Wings - I salute you! That you may reign long and prosper!
Dear Wings guys,

I visited your fine dining establishment for the first time ever today, and was pleasantly surprised by the vibe of the place, as well as the minimal-ey kick-arse decoration. 

You helped me to my table, and came by and explained how Wings works. Under the sleepless gaze of the Wolverine, I promptly ordered the Taps-Aff chicken wings (house hot sauce) and tortilla strips, while my dining partner went for the sweet chili wings.

Minutes later, you came back with our food. Wings and strips alike were served in single use plastic dishes, and we were instructed that we should throw the bones in the bucket on the table.

We began eating. I bit on a tortilla chip, and it was as oily and flavoursome as they come. My 'Taps-Aff' wings were just the right amount of crunchy and hot, and had me crying like I was watching the final scene from 'Big Fish'. Needless to say there were no left-overs.

I threw the last chicken wing bone in the bucket thinking that if I didn't have to go back to work, I would have gone for at least two more dozen wings dipped in all kinds of exotic sauces.

I've had chicken wings a million times, and there's only so much one can do with chicken wings. 

Yet you entertained me, you fed me well, your posters are awesome, your toilets are clean, and you make your own tortilla chips.

5 stars was the least I could give you.

Yours faithfully,

Nik
I *really* like wings.  The problem is, most of the time you get wings and they're boiled or something and the fat is all blobby and gross and you've got to pick through to get to the meat and it's often a mediocre experience.

And then Wings came along.

It's been on my radar to try for a while but when I got a free bowl status I knew it had to get to the top of the list quickly.  I roped in a fellow wing-lover and we hunted out the random spot off the Mile and discovered the, larger than I expected it would be, home of wings.

The venue itself isn't much to write home about.  It's a bit chilly, a bit damp, and not as nice as the pictures of their original location suggest.  If they are allowed, I would suggest going for red walls like in the original location. 
But, the staff are nice and welcoming, the beers are £2.50, and the wings are good.  The wings are actually really *really* good.  They're crispy.  I have never before had wings with such tasty crispy skin that just begs eating.  

We shared three bowls of wings (something sweet and spicy, the Canadian BBQ, and the garlic parmesan) and some chips, and when it all arrived I said I wished we had ordered more.  By the end, though, we were amazingly stuffed.  

If we hadn't had a free bowl, 18 wings, chips and 2 beers would have cost us £17.50.  Under a tenner each for dinner and a drink is pretty good these days.  

So, I now join the leagues of wing-loving fans and am planning my return trip.
I'm not even going to get into my craving for fried chicken which is in a very sad state here in the Burgh' but Wings have filled a small crevice in that hole! They have however, filled in a totally different area of American nostalgia done correct!

Crunchy morsels lathered in tantalizing dips. Our waiter was from Texas (total perfection) we understood each other perfectly. When we asked for ranch he listed off about 5 different ranch flavored dips. AMAZING. 

So between the 2 of us we had 3 baskets of wings, one spicy, one bbq and one of course, ranchy. We also shared a basket of chips and I ordered the deep fried cheesy tortilla thing, which I asked to be made into a flauta. Didn't quite work but was good nonetheless. This place is every stoner and chicken lovers' dream come true.
OK, I've been 3 times now and it's been a 5 star experience each time.

It's a good ethos - do 1 thing and do it well, and I can attest that they do it well. The wings are perfectly cooked - hot and crispy - and those sauces are stunning. I've never had the same sauce twice, and I always think that I've had the best one yet until I try another one.

Top tip - go with friends and share so that you get to try more flavours.

Oh, and for the vegetarians, then Cheesy Changa is lovely. 

Don't forget to get some tortilla strips - try those with a blue cheese + hot sauce combo.
I'm a big fan of places that choose to do one thing and do that one thing well. Wings is indeed a great idea but that doesn't mean there's not room for improvement.

My main criticism would be of the "dry rub" wings. I'd always though a rub was applied to raw chicken so that the flavours permeate the meat as it cooks. This dry rub appears to be applied to the chicken wing after it was cooked delivery a flavour of raw spices. Personally I would't order any of these options again.

All other portions I tried were enjoyable but there is a sense that the wings are pre-cooked, reheated and then have a pre-prepared sauce applied. I'd really prefer to see everything made fresh to order and would happily wait a little longer for my food to arrive.

On the whole I enjoyed the experience and will most likely return at some point in the future.
If you love chicken wings then you have found your heaven!! 

This is the first time I have been since it has opened on New Fishmarket Close, and I have to say that the new space is much better and very quirky. The reason I have kept this at 4 stars is that although the interior is supposed to look dated I think , I am a self admitted snob. I am still a big fan and will be back. Not for the suicide challenge... crazy people !
I had heard about this place through my boyfriend who heard it from a classmate, and then looked it up on Yelp to ensure it was really a "wing place". After going there, this place gets 5 stars solely on the fact they only serve chicken wings, and they are amazingly delicious wings. The interior of the restaurant, if that is even the right word, is nothing fancy, which suits the food and atmosphere well. It feels like you are tucked into someone's living room with random nerdy sci-fi posters and mis-matched chairs and tables. It really feels like a college bar that serves that hot wings American's love. 

The lovely waitress was very helpful in checking we knew they only served wings, although a few vegetarian options, and they serve chips, I would never bring a non-meat eater here. Entirely pointless. They were fairly busy, but our wings came out pretty quickly and all were hot and looked killer! It is a very casual environment and an equally chill dining experience. They also offer the standard beer and small spirit drinks to wash down your feed.

They have a good range of sauces and styles or rubs or spices for the wings, and with each sauce you get 6 wings for 3.50, served in a paper bowl, slathered in sauce. We opted for the Mardi Gras Madness, the traditional Louisiana Hot Sauce wing, the Mam Prickin Amazing, Sriracha Chipolte Wing, the Tiger Sauce (Buffalo striped smooth) and although not traditional maybe, I got the Dill-licious, maple and dill barbecue wing.
All were well fried perfectly and sauced to perfection. The best was definitely the Mardi Gras madness, smothered in Franks Hot Sauce, it was the true buffalo wing I would expect. All were quite tasty and we were both madly happy. 

It is a no-fuss, delicious experience, where you get exactly what you expect and even a bucket to discard the remains of your wings experience. I love chicken wings and this place does not disappoint. It is definitely a group destination for lovers of all types of wings, my only hope is that one day they get teriyaki maybe!
Perfectly priced with a wondrously varied selection of wings. You don't get sides here just more wings. And then some more. I came here with a group of 14 for the quiz which was compiled by a funny, gruff and sarcastic scot. The atmosphere was fun and friendly, with the comic book decor adding a bit of geeky coolness. Great for groups, maybe not a first date place. The two varieties I had tonight were whiskey pepper and maple BBQ with bits of bacon. Oh and if you like to go for the ultimate challenge in spice then the suicide challenge is for you. 6 wings, a list of undisclosed ingredients and your face on the wall if you survive....I mean complete it. (My friend are two, he said he could have eaten three but his insides were melting)
Cannot recommend this little gem enough! The kind of place you could sit for hours, bowl after bowl of wings eaten! And reasonable enough to try several of their delicious toppings. Nicest ranch sauce I have ever tried and needless to say their sweet bbq sauce had me droooling. The star wars memorabilia also gets two thumbs up from us!
I LOVE WINGS! Best fried chicken wings I've had in the UK. Took my dad for his first taster last night, great service, relaxed atmosphere, cool music AND I got to try on the Chewbacca mask  I would recommend the Tiger sauce, Chalapeno and  Oh Canada sauces! I don't think I'll ever get bored of this place!
Oh Wings. How glad I am that I found you.

Discovered through a perusal of 'cheap eats in Edinburgh' on Yelp, I was pointed in the direction of Old Fishmarket Close just off the Royal Mile. I admit that I haven't eaten a huge amount of chicken wings in my life, and I most certainly haven't been to a wings only restaurant before, but needless to say I thoroughly enjoyed the experience.

Being ridiculously good value (four bowls of six wings, tortilla strips and two Coronas totalled a meagre £20) one might not expect such good customer service. But Wings delivers! Friendly, laid back staff who always seem to notice if you're running low on eats. 

The interior is very quirky, with a Star Trek themed table, stacks of board games and posters galore. But that adds such a fun vibe to the place and it's perfect to sit back and have a few drinks with some buddies.

As I mentioned, we had four bowls between two people. We could have easily only had three but eyes were bigger than stomachs upon entering. We demolished the Mardis Gras Madness (a bit spicy!), Oh Canada (Maple BBQ - our unanimous favourite), honey and garlic and balsamic glaze. The tortilla strips were a must for soaking up the leftover sauce.

A bit moreish to visit every day but the friendly atmosphere and value for money means we will definitely be back!
This place deserves more than 5 stars! An amazing little gem that you equally want to loudly rave about it but also keep it a secret to ensure you can always get a table. :). 

The choices for the wings toppings are great from dry rubs to tantalising sauces! My fav is the hot blue cheese sauce. Such a reasonably priced place for both food and drink. 

Service is great, friendly folk who all want you to have fun. Recently went on a Thursday night for their quiz, came last but such a good night with lots of laughs!
After a day traveling around Edinburgh, Wings was the perfect snack to fill my American wing-loving desires. Good atmosphere. They had a movie marathon going on downstairs. Service was pretty good too. I had a magner's and dancing in the bleu flame (hot bleu cheese)! I'll be coming back sooner rather than later! :)
"If you're a geek and like wings you should check this place out" was how my friend suggested Wings Edinburgh.

I actually thought she was talking about two different places on the Royal Mile, but one day we were up there looking for a place for lunch and I saw lots of positive reviews on Yelp, so we started looking.

It is kind of hidden down Old Fishmarket Close, but worth the hunt.

The minute I walked in the door and saw the Star Wars Walkers humping I understood my friend's comment. Before we even sat down the Mrs was begging for a picture with the Weeping Angel in the corner.

The wings we tasty. I had the Imperial Tiger which was a good hot wing.

Only thing that would have made it better would have been if it had free wifi, which seems kind of a glaring omission on this shrine to geekdom.
Very nice laid-back eatery with pretty decent wings. Great waitstaff who are clearly enjoying their time and offer great service. I will definitely come back and often!
Wings are great and have some good happy hour specials. Host was quiet and rude. Service was slow and multiple times waitress walked away while we were asking for something.Onion rings and fried were soggy and cold. Don't order them the breading is light and not like a normal onion ring. They only person doing a good job was the busser he Immediately came to table to remove baskets and trash. When the bill came there was a $.50 charge for extra wing sauce that we got on the side because the waitress warned us about the extra hot. If you say "wings are non-refundable", you shouldn't charge for a side of the extra hot sauce because you talk the customers out of extra hot.... They were not that hot.
I wasnt expecting this place to be a Fairmont reunion site, but it was a pleasant surprise, it seems like a lot of my co-workers go here, quite frequently, and it just reminds me of the local bar scene. 
The drinks are affordable, theres a smoking section on the patio (yessssssss) and the appetizers are worth trying. The service can be hit or miss, but I'll definitely be checking this place out again.
I'll go back if my friends want to have a drink but if it's to eat, no thank you.  We shared nachos and chicken skewers.  My bad that I didn't read the description of the chicken skewers--I thought it would be like satay but it was previously frozen breaded chicken fingers on a stick.  The chicken part was flavorless.  Nachos were the worst I ever had since they were all completely stuck together.  It made it hard to take some out in order to spread the toppings around--the flavor wasn't inedible but it wasn't good either.
Being in the restaurant business for over 18 years I have seen my share of bad employees and management. This place is in the top three worst places that I have been here in Phoenix. We sat on the patio for 12 minutes while four servers and a manager walked by and didn't say anything to us. I finally stopped one of the servers to get menus and she tossed them on the table as she walked by not stopping at all.  It's apparent that owners and management don't review sites like yelp or they would see that the majority of the reviews are about their horrific service. Just a heads up that the restaurant business is the "hospitality" business. They haven't figured that out here.  I won't be back!  Food is mediocre at best unless you have really low standards.
Just like Chicken Bonz, but with a few new things on the menu. The chicken wings/fingers are fresh & above average, but definitely not worth the price. It shouldn't cost 2 people $29 to have chicken fingers, sodas & onion rings. Boo!
Food is still Chicken Bonz but the prices have gotten ridiculous no combos and "the home of all you can eat wings everyday" is now only on tuesday plus the price went up.  Besides, this new name/place sounds like a sex club or something. BRING BACK THE ORIGINAL CHICKEN BONZ!!
HORRIBLE I used to visit Chicken Bonz once a week and absolutely loved it.  The atmosphere was great, the food was delicious, the staff was pleasant and helpful and they had $1 beers! Why would you change that?  

So the owner got greedy and decided to no longer pay franchising fees, rebrands with "Meat Chix & Weiners" ...seriously?  that's the best you could come up with?  What a cheesy take on the whole "Sin City" Vibe.  

The food is noticeably different, the prices are now higher than they were before, no more $1 beers and the staff has even changed from awesome, up beat women to apologetic & concerned due to taking the brunt of all the "what do you mean you dont serve combos anymore?"

I'll never go back to this place.  Frankly, I'll probably buy in to a Chicken Bonz franchise and start it up across the street from this idiot.
Three of us came here for lunch today.  We were the only ones here.  Weird, but nice to have the place to ourselves.  

We ordered several different things and it was all good.  Wings were crispy and on the larger side.  Much better than BWW.  The onion rings were awesome, super crunchy and not insanely greasy.  My coworkers each ordered burgers and appeared to enjoy them.  I found myself repeatidly staring at them, the burgers that is.  My buffalo chicken sandwhich was great.

The bad?  The price is horendous.  You want fries with that?  Well pony up because the sandwiches don't come with them.  Want a soda?  That doesn't come with it either.  I didn't look at the bill but I'm certain it was over $50 for the three of us.

No condiments on the tables?  Yeah the girl was quick with the small cups of ketchup but let me man the bottle please.

I'll definitely come back as long as work is picking up the tab, otherwise, well otherwise probably not.
Descent grub a little pricey, and expensive  PBRs what!!!
Love the music they play! The food is fast and tasty. Good place if you want to chill and catch a game and enjoy some wings and a cold beer. They have AYCE chicken wings !!! Awesome. We just left and had a fun time the server helped us out a lot. Thanks we will be back!
Brand new location, really nice, great service, great food, chicken nuggets are my fav!
Love this place and everything about it. 'nuff said.
Love this Chick Fil A. I love their spicy chicken. The best part of this location is their Best Service. I would never go to drive through since I know I am getting a GREAT service inside.
I used to come to Chicken Bonz when it was Chicken Bonz every Friday night and get take out. 10 fingers lemon pepper with their tasty dipping sauces and ranch. Since it has changed to Meat, Chix and Weiners, we have dined here 3 times. The awesome girl at the counter who has always helped me said everything will stay the same and the owner just didn't want to pay the franchising fee anymore. That would be false. Everything has changed. 

First off, the prices have increased. The price for what used to be a 10 piece is now an 8 piece. The quality of the chicken has also changed. You know how when you buy frozen chicken tenders at the grocery store, they're all identical in shape and size? Oddly enough, so are the fingers served at MCW. They didn't used to be clones of one another, so strike one.

Secondly, the name is just disgusting. I had to tell my children that they're not allowed to say the name of this establishment anymore & just call it chicken bonz. It's funny to the middle school crowd, I suppose, but not appropriate for people with small children or those that respect themselves enough to not eat a place with such a dumb name.

Third, they took away all the perks that made this place worth coming to. Kids eating free with purchase & AYCE wings every day have now changed to kids don't eat free, infact, they're watching Family Guy (which I wouldn't ever let my children even listen to) in the store, and there's only AYCE wings for an extra dollar than before on Tuesday only. When I was there once, two guys walked out after reading they don't have AYCE anymore and that it would be too pricey.

Lastly, the salad bar is disgusting. You can get AYCE salad for a cheap price, but it's gross. The lettuce is old and limp when I went at 2PM, they're too cheap to buy cherry tomatoes & instead just cut up a Roma, they have dry dry dried out baby carrots, and canned sliced black olives. It is a weird canvas to make a salad out of. Do NOT expect sweet tomato variety here. It's not even close. Just imagine someone strolling through the canned food aisle, grabbing random crap, and throwing it right onto your plate!

The owner was sick of paying the franchising fee but every time I have gone back since they've changed, it has been completely DEAD. So unfortunately, since he was too cheap to pay the franchising fee, he now has no business at all. What's worse? He has turned what used to be a family restaurant my friends & I enjoyed bringing our children to dine at is now the complete opposite serving frozen chicken with limp salads. I guess I'll drive a little bit further to Raisin' Canes (which I never used to eat at when Chicken Bonz was open. I happily paid more for quality).
We ate here for lunch today...the service was great. The lady who took our order offered suggestions and answered our questions. She was super polite, nice, and helpful. The restaurant was clean, and had funny pick up lines written all over the walls. Most importantly, the food was super tasty and delishous! The dynamite burger was large and fresh. The dynomite sauce and cole slaw on it was such a tasty combo! We also tried the fingers...mmmmmmm! The breading on them was so good, and the different sauces (mild, dynomite, and hot mess) made them extra yummy :) I was able to build a large side salad from their nice variety of a salad bar. The place was clean and fun. We will definately be back to try more of the menu!
I agree since the name change prices have gone up, service gone down. THis is right next to my work and used to be bumping for lunch not anymore. Would have the wife meet me with our kids for lunch under kids eat free was perfect for my little ones and we loved the place.  UNDER NEW NAME...  meat chix wieners should be slow,slower,closed.  at this rate  the owners should rethink the name franchise break.
Well, that's too bad.

I was a HUGE fan of this place when it was Chicken Bonz.  Frankly, it was the best chicken in town judging against New England staples like The Hanger in Amherst, MA.  The new version is a shadow of itself.

I judge only on the chicken.  The pieces used to be huge chunks of breast meat, average chicken breast cut in half or quartered.  The new pieces are the generic breaded chicken used in Chinese restaurants for the General Tao chicken.  A 5 piece boneless chicken is less than half the size it used to be.

Sauces are totally different now.  The hot flavor is now Frank's Red Hot and some extra butter.  Chipotle Cider Glaze had a definite vinegar taste.  Honey BBQ flavor was almost dead on to the chipotle vinegar taste.

There are no more fries.  We ordered a "large fry" expecting the old thin french fries.  What we got was a half a whole potato chopped into 1/8" slices and fried.  Seriously.  We got 12 slices of potato in a take away container to be the new large french fries.

We almost didn't get the "fries" either.  Slight mistake on the takeout order, and it felt really light...  Better half checked the order like the smart fox he is and found the fries missing.  Went back in, got the fries.  Opened that up and immediately said to the cashier, "These aren't fries."  That's the new fries.  If you don't like them, I'll get you some free onion rings next time.

I'm afraid there won't be a next time.  We won't be heading back.
Not what I'd hoped for.  We heard about it (mostly b/c of the name) so figured why not give it a try.  I did not know it when it was chicken bonz.   The place was empty when we arrived (bad sign) and we were not really greeted (no one in front) so we weren't sure if a waitress comes or we order at the counter, it was awkward.  They were out of 2 of the things we wanted.  We got wings, and a chicken sandwich.  Order took 20 minutes to come out- and the onion rings took even longer.  Food was marginal- for the price of the wings I thought they would be better, they were nothing to write home about, and they were also very small.  The bun on my sandwich was not great and it was small overall and lacked flavor.  The onion rings are super thin, more 'French fried' the portion was extremely tiny-- but worse they were completely greasy as if they were not fried at a proper temp.  The staff is nice, and friendly so that is a plus.  I did not care for being served on a flat tray w/ a thin paper over it.  It was weird and then blew around when I picked up my sandwich... p.s. the fan works extremely well there... It wasn't horrible just sort of a disappointment. If they gave more attention to the quality of the food instead of décor and it might be a better place to eat.
I always thought that I had reviewed this place, that I still refer to as Chicken Bonz, but I need to stop because Chicken Bonz is now dead to me. I suffered through the first menu change and the loss of my sweet potato tots, but still loved the wings. Thick, crispy and full of flavor! The sweet chili and the All In, were our favs. We came about 3x a month we loved it so much.
Stayed with the name change, but stuck it out. We were informed that organic chicken was coming and new sauces and what not.
Well, they killed my wings. They took off the breading and now they are just mushy, no crisp when you bite in at all.   We got the Chipotle Cider and Smokehouse BBQ. They were meh.
Also, way more expensive than before, for half the size of meat. 
I am not a BBW fan, but we went there after eating at MCW, because were weren't full or satisfied. 

I will not be back to MCW, until they bring back the old sauces and the crispy wings. Tots would help too.

Oh! It's a wing place. Have wet naps available!  I was so annoyed by that.

I hate to do a 1 star,especially since the last 2 years it'd been a solid 4 or 5
I don't really understand why there are so many bad reviews on this place! The service is great here. I got the fried tenders in hot sauce and my boyfriend got the bratwurst with onions and onion rings. Both were decently good, but a little pricey for what it is.
Like others, I wanted to love this place. And the idea of grilled naked wings is fantastic. The fact that they are a wings place and DON'T HAVE BLEU CHEESE is as unbelievable as it is absurd. Anyways...

Never been as mad at a restaurant as I was last night (which possibly should have been the time before a week earlier after they served me raw chicken and the only response was "oh, sorry" before throwing it away).

I came with 6 friends last night only to be greeted with a sign that they were closed for the night for a private party and please go to their other location on Decatur. After finally gathering everyone together, we drove to the other location to find that one also closed. WTF?! Now you've wasted all of our time for no reason. Totally disrespectful and unprofessional.
We have tried to come eat here twice for dinner.  The first time, the restaurant was empty, and there was a sign on the door stating they had a big event and were closed for that.  Tonight, we drove up at 7:45 and the lights were off and the place was deserted.  No sign this time.  Maybe it's closed for good - I read the other reviews and we won't be back for another try.  Two strikes and they don't get a third.
Went for Lunch to take friends from work from IGT, I moved down from Oregon and love chicken bonez.  We went once when we moved here and it was good, reminded us of home, but not perfect.  Today we show up around 1145 for lunch, lights on and no one was home.  After reading all the other reviews I'm shocked at how much they have dive bombed.  Wish them luck but don't see them staying open for much longer.
Ahhhh food so good! But it takes forever to cook it! But Atleast I know it's not being microwaved and served in 3min. So it's worth the wait!
This place just opened in this area, and i was excited and looked forward to what they are famous for, their wings. I ordered 50 wings, they were ready in less than 10 minutes, and didn't taste well. The wings were soggy, seemed microwaved and for 50 wings, ranch given was not enough. Hopefully going forward they can improve the service and food.
Tried the 2 things most recommended by the girl who answered.

Pizza and some Pastrami sandwich.

The pizza was doughy and very bland and the sandwich was stuffed full of dy pastrami on what tasted like stale bread.

This is last resort food at its finest. I hear the wings are good, maybe thats the only thing worth getting.
The chicken wings were awesome!  And the hotdog was great for the price.  It came with fries for only $3.50.   Great for the price.  Used the wing meat the next day for a crostini topped with a red bellpepper gouda and meat from the leftovers!  It was a good meal at a reasonable price!
I was excited when I saw this place was opening because its closer than Marcia's Long Wongs which is where my family and I usually go. I put in our usual order and was very disappointed! Everything thing tasted "soggy". The wings were not very good and the fries were soft, soggy and not very good at all. I'm not giving them a 3 star or higher because I think they have a lot of improving to do.
I have eaten here twice now and both times the food was very good.  I had the steak sandwich,  my son had the patty melt and I have also tried one of their hot dogs before. The fries and the onion rings were both fresh and tasty. Maybe I just have gotten lucky,  but I have nothing bad to say.
I've eaten here about 6-7 times.
On a few occasions they can be reasonable.
But far too often the wings taste like left overs which were microwaved from the previous day.
Quality is not important to this restaurant.
Great staff, great management, great food. I hear it's a chain but has a local bar feel. Seems very welcoming as a place to h g even on a laptop. They have WiFi. Cool new place. Looking forward to hanging out here a lot.
26 beers on tap including lots of local beers.  17 TVs with national, local, and even high school sports. Big patio and excellent service.
We live across the street and my  husband and sister-in-law have been waiting eagerly for this place to open as it is an homage to their previous residence in Florida. We decided to sit outside on the patio because it's been so beautiful here lately. I'm not sure if that was the reason it took nearly two hours to get our food (two orders of wings, two house salads, and fish and chips) or if it was because they opened two weeks ago and are still learning. I can tell you that it definitely was NOT the fact that they were extremely busy...we went on a Tuesday. Either way, I'm not super impressed. We didn't even order alcohol, which usually slows things down even more. My husband sent his drink (flavored Dasani water) back because of the artificial sweetener taste. Even though the waitress said she would take that off the bill, she didn't. We didn't say anything because we were afraid of how long that was going to take, too. We sat without plain ol' water for a while. I eventually got up and took all of our cups to the bar to get water. I want to go back in hopes that they iron out all the kinks after the newness wares off...but I don't want to have to schedule another two hour chunk out of my night.
This restaurant just opened up in a location which used to be an old dive bar. It is entirely remodeled and updated-it doesn't smell like puke anymore like the old place.

We ordered the "famous" wings and an appetizer sampler.  The wings were good, but there are some other joints nearby with better wings.  The food was good, I would like to go back and try some other items. 

They have a great patio, a lot of indoor seating. The service was good. 

Overall, a great place to have in the neighborhood. We will be back.
From the corner that brought you Hitts, Howie's, and the Regal Beagle comes... BEEF O'BRADY'S.  Awful location, awful name.  The food, however, was pretty decent for bar food.  My burger had fresh toppings and a tasty brioche bun, even though the patty seemed to be pre-formed.  The onion rings were battered.  I prefer breaded, but the spicy dipping sauce was delicious.

And that's about all there was to say that's good about this place.  It was not cheap.  The burger was $8.50, and the onion rings cost extra.  They snuck in a charge for cheese on my friend's burger, whereas it was included on mine.  Despite having several nice TV's, the viewing angles weren't great to see multiple TVs.  And the staff wasn't up to speed on the menu or the bill.  (It's a new place, so I guess I should cut them some slack.)

The place has potential for happy hour.  $2 domestic drafts.  $4 import drafts with a nice selection.  Large outdoor patio.  But I think the location dooms Beef O'Brady's to a dead crowd except for maybe Friday happy hour.
This is the place to go for wings! I've been going to Beef's in Florida all my life and couldn't be happier to find they have expanded to Chandler. Great place to have a beer and watch the game. Their happy hour is pretty good and they have a large patio. The staff was really friendly too!
First Thing.  I rated this 4 stars because I am comparing it to other restaurants that are similar (Teakwoods, Hooters, other bar/restaurants), I don't rate 4 stars because I am comparing it to a good steakhouse or Italian food place.  Apples to Apples, right?

So along with my husband and 4 other friends we visited for a quick bite to eat during the week.  None of us had ever been to this restaurant, here or any other location.

The place was really clean, and smelled like a restaurant, not like a bar (certainly not like pissy beer and puke like the previous bar that was here).  We were told to seat ourselves as the place was pretty empty.

The menu was pretty extensive, for bar food.  I actually had a hard time deciding.  For appetizers the table ordered a basket of fried pickles and a basket of fried jalapeno rings.  The fried jalapenos were awesome, probably the best thing I ate there.  The fried pickles were ok.  They were cut too thin in my opinion and lacked any sort of "pickle flavor".  

For dinner I got that wing basket.  I ordered half honey BBQ and half medium buffalo.  The basket comes with fries.  The rest of the table ordered honey garlic wings, habenero mango?, nuclear, another mild buffalo basket, a Philly cheese-steak, and an order of steak nachos.  My order of wings were good.  The medium buffalo was good, but nothing stood out as fantastic or unique.  Wish they were a little crispier.  The honey BBQ tasted just like sloppy joe sauce was on them.  I'm not kidding, it was strange.  The person that ordered the Philly cheese-steak had to ask for a side of queso, no cheese was available besides provolone.  The woman that ordered the steak nachos said they were good, but asked if next time they could actually melt the cheese on the nachos.  I think everyone felt the same about the wings.  Good, but not great.  We will visit this place again and order something new next time and see how they do.

The service was good, fast, but they up charge for everything.  There is a reason they ask you if you want celery with your wings, not to cut back on waste, but to charge you $.69 for the celery!  

In my opinion this place is far better, quicker, cleaner, and nicer than Teakwoods!!
My husband had been to this chain in FL years ago and was eager to try it out here in AZ.  Unfortunately, it was not how he remembered.  I had never been but was disappointed by the experience.  

The food did not look or taste fresh and seemed overpriced.  Service was very slow.

With so many other restaurant choices in the Valley, we will not be returning here.
Don't waste your time w this place! Lousy slow service both times I went , bland generic food that tastes like it was frozen and just thawed then not cooked long enough, they even screw up simple things, the worst part is the staff, the owner Andrew is creepy and clingy, the bar tender Shannon is so slow I ordered a beer at the bar and instead of then getting it she walks over to another table where her boss is already harassing people who just want to eat their meal in peace and try and talk about bs for. 5 min while I'm just standing there, or you get her attention for a beer then have to wait until it's convenient for her to get it, she needs to learn a bit about customer service WONT BE BACK AGAIN
Hands down the best bar around! I used to go to other bars in the area and have not been back since these guys have opened ...great beer ! Food is excellent!... definitely shows they all take pride in what they do! Management and staff will always go above and beyond for the customer ! Love Em would highly recommend! !!
Hands down the best bar around! I used to go to other bars in the area and have not been back since these guys have opened ...great beer ! Food is excellent!... definitely shows they all take pride in what they do! Management and staff will always go above and beyond for the customer ! Love Em would highly recommend! !!
When you go to bar you want a drink right?  Well what do you drink?  They have it. Hands down best beer/drink selection around. Staff members go above and beyond for any customer.
The food was average at best. The prices were on the moderate to higher for typical bar food. They do have a big selection to choose from, but I'm not sure that will help if it's all average. My friend that joined me said his sampler plater appetizer had no flavor. The pretzel bun sliders were a joke, with a half dollar size patty on a bun 2 1/2 times as big. 

I would say the Mushroom burger I had was pretty bland as well.  There were not many mushrooms, and you couldn't taste them. They asked how I wanted the burger cooked, but they only have 2 options, either medium or well. The ice tea they had was nasty!

I thought it was odd that a place with Beef in the name would claim to be famous for wings their wings, but they do. I don't understand why people pay prime rib prices for chicken wings? The one order of wings that I saw go past didn't look like the wings were all that big. At $1 a wing I just say no. 

The waitress was pretty good with the service, and the owner did come to our table to check on our thoughts after we finished. That was why I gave them 3 stars instead of 2. 

Based on the businesses I've seen in the same location over the last 20 years, I would give these guys 6 to 9 months. They took out the pool tables and added more booths, so this place thinks it's a restaurant. To make it in the restaurant game you have to have food that stands out to make people want to come back. 

It's the closest place to my house, so I'll likely give them another try.
So, I came in to Beefs for some food and a beer. I got the best service I've had at a restaurant and by far the prettiest snake bite ever created. I would highly recommend this establishment for anyone looking for good service, food, and a beer if your interested!
Fricken awesome.  I love their spring rolls and their chicken phone is the best.  The people are warm and friendly and the food is made fresh
Local bar with good drink specials ($3.00) during Happy Hour.  They also have an extensive menu; although, I have not tried the food yet.  Bartenders are really sweet too!
This place is totally awesome. A fantastic local bar. My bartender Baili was fantastic. I witnessed a confrontation with another guest that was totally disrespectful and Baili handled it with total class and professionalism. Some patrons just need to realize when they have had too much to drink and take criticism respectfully and learn to call it a night. I come here frequently and love the food drink and atmosphere.
I really wanted to like this place since its so nearby and has a respectable beer selection....

The space has a great patio and a snazzy interior, along with the aforementioned draft lineup. And that's pretty much where the positive portion of this review ends.

My biggest issue is with the crowd this place attracts. For example, I heard  loud banter between a bar patron and the bartender about wine:

Bartender to server: "Here's the wine for table 3"
Customer to bartender: "Who drinks wine anyway, queers?"

While I'm not gay, I do respect people's choice of sexual orientation. Plus, what a stupid thing to say hahahha! Everyone knows only gays drink Bud Lite. All joking aside, I find it FUCKING ABSURD that there is anyone inside Chandler city limits who would say such a thing in public.  The rest of my visit was spent uncomfortably trying to ignore the babbling of said idiot.

Follow on visits have put me in similar situations, where I am consistently surrounded by people who are on the verge of being too drunk and borderline, if not absolutely, obnoxious.

The food looks like typical American chain swag, although I've never tried.

I see this place slowly devolving into a shithole dive bar and I don't mean in like a hipster way. Perhaps it can be the go to joint for white supremacists softball teams after a game.  

Maybe that corner is cursed??? Won't be returning.
okay...so so
Got a good selection of craft beers!! Everyone is super friendly bartender shannon and Amenda remembered my name and what I ordered the 2nd time I walked in. Got a great making for neighborhood hangout!!
Are you looking for top-quality takeout chicken wings that won't leave a hole in your wallet?  Wings Up in Waterloo is the place to go.  The self-described 'Best Wings in the Galaxy' does not disappoint with wings that are tasty and meaty with just the right amount of breading to soak up the sauce.  My standard order of 2 lbs of wings came fresh and fast and I was on my way in a jiffy.  My preference is for the honey garlic, but my friends who love the heat go for the Sweatin' Bullets.  The next time you are looking for wings to go in Waterloo, you'll want to pay Wings Up a visit!
Wing's up is a very solid option for Wings in Waterloo, they have a number of different flavours to choose from and different options for how they prepare the wings. They do have other menu options but lets me honest, who goes to a place called Wings Up and orders a wrap?  The fries however are very good; crispy potato wedges seasoned to perfection.  My only complaint are the take-out containers,  they use a very cheap cardboard container with printed graphics on the outside.  It is kind of like wrapping your chicken wings in a freshly printed magazine, the wings heat up the cardboard and soak into it leaving you with a cancerous smelling, soggy box when you get home.   I'd recommend pouring the contents of the take-out box onto a plate as soon as possible.  Another concern is the price, a pound of wings and fries runs about $15.  Which at a nice sit-down restaurant makes sense, but at a take-out place It is hard to justify. Other than that, great wings.
Best wings hands down.  Prefer them over Wild Wings. My go to place when I'm in town. Order was ready in less than 15min. Staff was friendly and knew their stuff. Brought friends and they all agreed.  Try them.... You will love this place.
YEAH, a Raising Cane's closer to me!  Exciting news!

Today was the grand opening for this location.  I have been counting down the days to the opening for about a month now.  I swung by today to check it out and I was pleasantly surprised.  The building itself is beautiful.  Well designed and makes the neighboring places look old in comparison.  The inside is the usual motif of all of the other Raising Cane's and looks great.

Now the important part!  The food!  I got The Box Combo and was happy as usual with my lovely lunch.  Everything tasted great and was up to the normal standards of the other Cane's I have visited.  Nothing super special, but exactly what you want when you go to Cane's.

The staff was also great as well.  Everyone was super happy and welcoming.  Everyone seemed to still be figuring out running the place, but they made up for it by being so pleasant to talk to and deal with. 

On a side note, if you visit Raising Cane's regularly, sign up for their loyalty card.  They will send you lots of freebies and free Boxes through the year.  It's free, so you might as well save some moolah!
Decent chicken fingers, decent fries, good toast, good sauce, and good cole slaw. Nothing particularly spectacular, and IMO a nearby rival chicken fingers place has more flavorful chicken and better fries. Still, the location itself is bright, clean, and friendly.
I'm so excited that there is finally a Cane's near my house. I went about a week after it opened around 11PM and there was nobody in line at the drive-thru. Service was outstanding. The kids that work here were enthused and made conversation with me. Probably their first jobs or something because they seemed excited lol. Everyone was cool though and the food was hot and fresh. Cane's overall has gotten stingy with their fries. I'm not too happy about that. Toast could've been crispier but that's okay. I'm happy there's finally one in my area. Welcome!
No words to describe this yummy food!! 
If I could eat it everyday, I would! I am completely obsessed!!
I came here one night after work to pick up food for dinner for me and my Honey, I was a little off-put because the line was so long but I DESPERATELY wanted Cane's so I bit the bullet.

SO GLAD I CAME TO THIS LOCATION!

i pulled to the first window and the Girl and i had some small talk about our work days and that she had a few hours left but it was busy so it was going by fast. 

the second window girl was so bubbly and nice, & gave me extra ketchup when i asked without a fuss or fret.

THE CUSTOMER SERVICE HERE IS AWESOME!
I work in customer service so I know how hard it is to be nice and bubbly after working a full shift while your job is slammed and these employees are awesome.

I might have just gotten lucky and got the great people but even so, they were great, I unfortunately cant remember their names to give them direct kudos.

and the food was great. cane's food is always super yummy.
Drive thru line was not moving at all. Left to In N Out. There were at least 10 cars in line and the parking lot was otherwise empty
Canes customer service is outstanding! All their employees are super friendly and outgoing! Even though they are always busy they keep their customer service #1 and food is always fresh! I live in CA and I def always try to stop by when I can because its delish!!! Their raising canes sauce is so good! I always order extra!!! Stopping at Canes is a must!!!
It's crazy a place with such a simple menu and its main focus being chicken fingers could be so delicious, but it is! The chicken fingers here are fresh, never frozen. I ordered the "3 Finger Combo" priced at $5.99 and it included 3 chicken fingers, fries, texas toast, cane's sauce and a drink. The fingers had a great flavor and paired well with the cane's sauce. The texas toast was delicious and tasted great in the cane's sauce too! The fries were not that great. I'm not usually a fan of crinkle-cut fries anyway however these were kind of too crunchy outside and too dry inside. My hubby had the "Sandwich Combo" also priced at $5.99 that came with 3 chicken fingers, lettuce, fries, cane's sauce, a kaiser roll and drink. He assembled the sandwich to his liking and said he really enjoyed it, but he wasn't a fan of the fries either. One thing I wonder is why there isn't an option for spicy chicken fingers on the menu? Maybe one day I hope! For my drink I had the sweet tea and let me tell you... it's addicting! The sweet tea is brewed fresh and goes so nicely with the chicken!

As with most Raising Cane's in town, the drive-thru can be long. It's basically similar to waiting in a In-N-Out Burger drive-thru. Since they are making everything fresh, I don't mind waiting. The cashier was very friendly and told me about the Caniac Club where you can earn rewards with each visit. Next time you are at a Raising Cane's just ask for a card! Once you have your card, go online and register it and get a free "Box Combo" just for signing up! The box combo includes everything I had in my 3 finger combo, but you get the addition of 1 more chicken finger and a side of coleslaw. Score! They also offer a kids meal as well "Tailgates" which are party packs of either 25, 50, 75 or 100 chicken fingers that come with sauce.
Chicken fingers, crinkle-cut fries, coleslaw and toast, that's the menu. 

The fingers were good, larger than the ones at Guthrie's. The fries were good, the toast was so-so, coleslaw (I don't like coleslaw, so I'm not one to judge, my coworkers say it's good)

The staff was great, I actually thought they were overstaffed (it's hard to tell, the kitchen was full of people, but they do catering, so some of the people might be there to support that). Anyway, it made for a great customer experience. They greeted me when I arrived. The girl who took my order, delivered my food to the table when it was ready and asked if I needed anything. The other counter girl was out cleaning tables, stopped by my table, asked how everything was, we talked a bit, she offered to refill my drink. Again, the staff here was great.

I typically don't give 4 stars to fast food, the service here was over the top, they deserve it. I will definitely go there again.

I can't believe the difference in customer service, between two stores of the same business. By comparison, the Cane's at Decatur and Charleston, act as though they are doing you a favor to take your order, yell your name when it's ready, so you can go and get it and I have never had anyone ask if everything is alright, let alone offer to refill my drink. That location would get 2 stars.
OK. Raising Cane's is just about one of my favorite places to eat at. Way back, years ago when I lived in TN, there was a place called Sawyer's. The owners readily admitted that they were blatantly ripping-off another restaurant (from FL, I believe). I think they were talking about Zaxby's, but having never eaten at one, I can't be certain. But the point is, copycat or not, they had insanely good, near-addictive food. Then, after it was sold off, the quality took an immediate nosedive and Sawyer's closed down. A place called Wishbone's stepped-in, opening several locations within a couple of years. I also knew the guys who owned this place and they also readily admitted to copying Sawyer's, right down to the dipping sauce, but these guys were kind of the slimy, slumlord types and, while pretty good at first, their corner-cutting and blasé attitude quickly manifested itself in pretty crappy food and I couldn't bring myself to eat there anymore. Then, I moved to ATL and found a burger joint called Canyons that also, while not what they were trying to be known for, had amazing (fresh, hand-breaded) chicken fingers, crinkle fries and that awesome sauce on their menu. The burgers were quite good, but they just couldn't compare to that chicken. Then I was banished to Carson City for far too long and nearly forgot how (if done properly) wonderful something as simple as fried chicken fingers could be. Then, I moved to Las Vegas and discovered Raising Cane's! Hallelujah! This place does it just right, freshly-made chicken, crisp, hot crinkle fries, that delicious dipping sauce and a glorious side of Texas toast! (Like with the other places, they also serve cole slaw, but that's just not my thing.) Everything is so simple, but so perfect. I'd eat here everyday if I could. The food is unfalteringly-fresh and tasty and the staff have always been extremely friendly to us. Yeah, maybe it's just fast-food fried chicken, but it is really, really good fast-food fried chicken...and exactly what I've been looking for for a long, long time now. I'm so glad I found this place.
I've never had an issue at this Canes, great drive thru staff and my order is always on point. Great Job at this establishment
I went to the store right after the new location opened.  Upon walking in, and up to the counter the employee was very abrupt and slightly rude.  This store does not excel at customer service.  I then placed my order and they told me they would bring it to my table when it was ready.  After waiting for 15 minutes I went back up to the counter and my food was there and ready, and they just told me "sorry, we forgot".  By this time the chicken was slighly colder than I would have liked and when talking to the manger, she did not offer to re make the chicken and get it fresh, she simply apologized and sent me on my way.  The entire experience was not a pleasent one, and I do not visit this location for Raising Canes. I go up the the Centennial location.
Great and quick service and HOT fresh food!  Definitely will come back here again. Great fries and very clean dining area.
Really enjoyed this place. I've been to one other Cane's in Northern Colorado, and that one did not even compare. 
This location was CLEAN. I was so impressed to see an employee cleaning after every table emptied, and the best thing about it...they cleaned using paper towels instead of a nasty rag that's been used over and over. Awesome! 
We split the Caniac. Six tenders, fries, Cole slaw and garlic toast. Plenty for us. Everything was hot and tasted fresh. Some people do not like their Cane sauce, especially for fries, so it was nice that they provided two self serve pumps of ketchup. 
Great experience.
Well. I must say. I'm disappointed. Tried this place for the first time since moving to Nevada after hearing it was good for a quick stop. Waiting quite a while in line and this very energetic fellow (Nathan) took my order. When I got to the window, the girl was very dry and lacked personality. Ordered 2 sprites to go with, got sprite and coke even after correcting them 3 times. 
Service was slow, food was dry and didn't taste that great, bread was soggy. Sorry Caines, you don't get my recommendation. I'll give you guys a second chance sometime, but it'll be a while.
This has to be the best fast food chicken fingers - what makes it is their sauce tomatoey with just the right fried chicken spices.  The fries are crinkly and crispy too!
Still some good chicken fingers!

This Raising Cane's is about the same distance in the opposite direction as the one we usually go to from our house.  Funny enough, this one is right near an In-N-Out too!  Smart real estate I say, place yourself near an establishment that has a guaranteed customer base!  If you like burgers and fries, you might like fingers and fries as well!

This location is pretty consistent with any other Raising Cane's I've visited.  Same type of building, same type of décor, lots of red, lots of memorabilia, and lots of pics of dogs!  Although at the one we frequent more I do enjoy that Chuck Norris poster, always gives me a chuckle.  Come on, when Chuck Norris does a push up...he's actually pushing the earth down??  Yeah, very Zen!

Food, at least in my experience is consistent as well.  I usually stick with the Caniac Combo to share with the wifey - sub out coleslaw with an extra Texas Toast.  Six chicken fingers, large fries, toast, two Cane's Sauce, and a large drink?  Not much color for your diet, but damn near finger lickin' good!  The best way to enjoy Raising Cane's is dining in.  You can tell if you get the freshest food made in the freshest oil.  Fingers and fries will be crisp but not greasy, and the Texas Toast will have a nice crunchy crust.  Dip all this goodness in Cane's Sauce and hot sauce!  If you take Cane's to go you can sometimes get disappointed because the steam in your box can cause the fingers and fries to go soggy, and get your toast wet.  I've had it before to go and it's just not the same!  If possible do dine in!

Gotta love a place that serves Coca-Cola.  But even better, sweet tea!  Raising Cane's makes some decent non-alcoholic southern comfort in a cup.  I like to mix half sweet tea with half unsweet tea.  Not too sweet, and also saves on some empty calories.  Because when eating at Raising Cane's we all should be watching our figure!

Service was speedy and polite.  Our order was done and ready in about five minutes.  I'll be back as long as they keep up the quality of food, service, and of course the Coca-Cola!
This spot is really simple but crazy good. I luv a good piece of chicken and the strips they do here are crispy and tender and the sauce is like crack! The fries r crispy krinkle cut like DT and great esp. with sauce. Cole slaw is simple better with some sauce. The toast is buttery and is a great contrast to the  whole meal. Finish it up with the homemade sweet tea and thats one meal! The only question u should have is how many do i get? Answer: always more.. Or can I have more sauce! I do not recommend takeout tho everything gets a lil soft.
I just love Raising Cane's.  They may not have much to offer but what they do have they do right.  Their chicken fingers are insane.  The sauce is even better.  The cole slaw is a classic style creamy slaw.  The sweet tea is the best this side of the Mississppi.  The texas toast is light and fluffy with the perfect buttery toast marks.  You really can't go wrong.  I usally get a Box Combo which is four fingers, cole slaw, fries, toast and a drink.  It is just the right amount of food and an OK price.  Maybe a little much when you consider it is just simple finger food but still worth it once you taste everything.  As a little tip, try the sauce on the fries.  I think that is even better than the sauce on the fingers.

An interesting little note, Cane's is a strong supporter of the community.  As I understand it, each store has a charity they donate too.  Some times even an entire days profit.  That is pretty cool.  As if their food wasn't good enough they give you this reason to support them as they support so many others.
everytime I come this weekend and its clean and I love the bathroom it smells like candy and the water is warm great customer service quick
This location is the best in Las Vegas. The manager Brent is super cool and extremely helpful. The staff is so nice and they give you a warm welcome as soon as you walk in. The food and cleanliness of the place has never let me down. Food is always delicious and my order is always correct and the place is constantly being cleaned. I love coming here.
Love the music here, a mix of 70's, 80's and 90's. The burgers are grass fed all beef and are very delicious and if you're in the mood for comfort then get some wings they are bigger than Buffalo Wild Wings and they have a good selection of sauces to go with and even have an all you can eat wing option and all you can eat salad bar. We will be back and nice touch with the throwback arcade games.
They were not busy this Sunday afternoon, 07/07/2013. We walked in, were greeted warmly. The food took a while to cook, but they brought out the crispy Shoestring fries for us to snack on. The wings are MUCH larger than those at Buffalo Wild Wings. The price is comparable to BWW's. Meat Chix and Weiners do have an all-you-can-eat (ACYE) wing deal for $17.95 pp and ACYE salad bar for $6.95. I didnt have that because it looked like the mushrooms, eggs and veggies had been untouched all day since they were laid out. 

The sauces on the wings were delicious. I enjoyed the Honey BBQ, the Teri-Q and Medium. The Medium had just enough heat to make my mouth tingle, but it tasted like butter at the same time. The Honey BBQ was sweet. The Teri-Q caught me a bit off guard. It was unexpected flavoring. A nice surprise. 

Well be back here again. The wings sizes won me over, and the fact it's not blaring loud over all the folks and music and games like it is with the other well-known establishments.
This place used to be called Chicken Bonz, as they specialized in chicken wings and had a few other items on the side.  They were pretty good and I ate there all the time.  

Used to being the important part.  

A few months ago they broke from the franchise and renamed Meat Chix and Wieners.  Really?  Who calls a restaurant this?  I tried it out a few times after the change but today was the last straw.  We walked in and ordered the usual, 6 WIngs medium for me, same for my wife, Ranch and Blue Cheese dip, large fries to share and two drinks.  Well they changed their menu and no longer have medium sauce or Blue Cheese.  What kind of wing place doesn't have Blue Cheese.  My wife changes her order to a Portabello burger with onion rings, hot sauce on the side.  Almost $25 dollars later we sit down to wait.  

And wait...and wait some more.  

25 minutes later we get our order. Did I mention this is a cook to order fast-food place.  Orders used to come out at lightning speed, sometimes before we had even filled our drinks and sat down.  Not anymore. We were assured several times that our food would be right out by who we think was the manager.  However she grabbed her bags from the office that was set up in a booth in the corner of the restaurant before we got our food.

After all that waiting you think they could at least get the order correct, right? Nope.  My wife got her burger with their trendy version of french fries that look like little more than thick potato chips.  No hot sauce, no onion rings.  I get my 5 1/2 wings (one was a mutant or from a baby chicken) , ranch and no fries.  She goes to cashier (the only person no working outside of the kitchen BTW)  and let her know.  A few minutes later we get the onion rings, but no sauce or apology.  

The food itself was OK, but again used to be much better.  The wings were small and thinly sauced.  The order of "fries"  was small and not particularly good.  My wife did say the Portabello burger was good.  

I really wish I didn't have to write this, since the previous establishment had been so good and we went there often.  Whatever changed in the past few months has certainly been a bad move on Meat Chix and Wiener's part, and I don't think they'll be seeing us again.
Bad bad bad.  They changed the whole menu. Just bad
So dissapointed. I used to go here all the time when it was Chicken Bonz. First they changed their fries. The old thin fries were really good when fresh. The new fries were boring and lacked flavor. BUT the chicken was still really good and so were the sauces. So I kept coming and just ordered chicken. Which was good because they got rid of the combos anyways. Well today I went in and ordered a 5-piece Chicken tenders. They no longer have a Honey BBQ sauce. Now they have a BBQ Honey Mustard and Sweet Bourbon BBQ sauce. I didn't like the sound of either but I chose the Bourbon BBQ. Yuck! I'm glad I got the side of ranch as well. As soon as I got the chicken I could tell it was way different. I picked up a piece and almost all the breading slid off the chicken leaving a oddly square shaped piece of chicken. The breading (when it stayed on the bread) was overly seasoned. It actually overpowered the chicken itself. I'm just disappointed and will have to find a new place to get good chicken fingers. Everyone working in the restaurant was super nice. They kept pushing how healthy the chicken was since it was
Before we even ate anything, I already liked the place. We were greeted right away and as we were waiting for the eats, we were entertained my the one liners on the wall, "Do you have a sunburn or are you always this HOT?" LOL, I'm easily amused-- don't judge me. 

Servers were very nice and checked on us often. I saw some beer taps that seemed to be installed w/ no handles so I'm assuming that they're going to have alchy in the future? Please??

We had an All American Burger, Beer & Brat (I think that's what it was called) and Crispy Chickpeas. Everything was pretty good, the only complaint that I'd make if anything was the bread for the brat was dry, flavorless and fell apart, otherwise it was good. My hubs says they need more TVs since we don't really have an organic meats eatery sports bar. We have something back in San Diego called Bareback Grill that's a sports bar/organic meats restaurant that this place reminds me of, miss it!

We enjoyed our visit, laid back atmosphere, organic meats, friendly staff-- def a repeat visit in the future. Hopefully they have beer next time ;)
We had lunch at Meat Chix on a Tuesday.  It was later in the day (around 2), so we were the only ones eating, but 2 other tables came in after we ordered.  The service was fantastic, very friendly.  The food is made to order, so we had to wait a bit, I'd say about 10 minutes.  Food was piping hot when it came out.

My wife had the corn dog bites, which were ENORMOUS and only $8.  These are clearly handmade, the batter had excellent corn flavor and the dogs inside were thick and juicy.  They are served with housemade honey mustard, which was solid.  Also good with ranch, or my favorite, classic yellow mustard.  On the side, the wife had cottage fries.  These were a little overdone and crispy, which I like, but she doesn't.  These were probably the weakest dish of the meal, but were still solid.

I had the bourbon bacon cheeseburger and onion rings.  The burger was cooked to a perfect medium.  I feel like a lot of places these days ask you how you want a burger cooked and then cook it medium well no matter what you say.  Not MCW.  Very juicy and flavorful.  The bun was a soft sesame seed bun, which tastes good but loses something in structural integrity.  I had to finish with a fork, but that was fine, it was a fantastic burger.  The patty had a nice crust, and was juicy to the end.  Lots of bacon and they use a nice cheese.  I would order this burger again.

The onion rings were unlike any I've had, I would describe the better as almost funnel cake like.  It was light and very crisp and had a bit of sweetness.  We really liked these, and an order is huge.  Definitely share these.  

Excellent service and quality handmade food.  Recommended.
Well, dont let the name fool you.............. this was a nice surprise . The food quite good, the onion rings were pretty damn good, served cold would have "ROCKED" if served hot~
   The place has a fun feel to it with the drawings & pick up lines on the walls .
   The only issue were girl taking our order & serving the food. Both had issues keeping the orders straight... They were not busy and our orders still were not right however it was just a matter of getting the right food with the right sides on the right plates...... this would not put me off on returning. The girl who took our order was helpful on explaining the menu. The next time we are in the area we would come back if in the mood for a dog or wings.
Let's go to "meet chicks and wieners?" ... haha ... that's exactly what I said to my friends who were from out of town but we actually wanted to try this place out.   This place used to be Chicken Bonz ... I love the chalkboard wallpaper where they have pickup lines all over the restaurant.  

Amazing staff ... everyone there is helpful and super friendly.  Everyone has a good attitude

There was a bunch of us so we tried a little bit of everything.  

I would recommend fried wings flavored garlic salt and pepper and the cottage fries.  The cost is a little pricey but the atmosphere of having great service and good food to me is always a reason to return.
there out of business
awesome burgers!!! love the garlic salt and pepper sauce !!!!
The Garlic and Salt Chicken Tenders rocks! Mixed greens was cool because everyone else serves regular lettuce. Maybe next time I will try a burger because the Portobello burger looks awesome next to me.! Not bad for a hole in the wall..!
Never been as mad at a restaurant as I was last night (which possibly should have been the time before a week earlier after they served me raw chicken and the only response was "oh, sorry" before throwing it away). 

I came with 6 friends last night only to be greeted with a sign that they were closed for the night for a private party and please go to their other location on Decatur. After finally gathering everyone together, we drove to the other location to find that one also closed. WTF?! Now you've wasted all of our time for no reason. Totally disrespectful and unprofessional.
Although it may be too early to actually give this place a rating, I can adjust it later. We went yesterday for wings and it is only their second day working. This is actually more of a 3 star restaurant but obviously you know what your getting into when going to a BWW. Our table had 4 people and for how busy they were, to only miss a couple of items on our table was really no big deal. They were quick to apologize and bring us our correct food, and that's all you can expect.

There were no games on by the time we arrived, but I can tell this is going to be a great spot to catch some games. HUGE 70 inch plasma LCD's and a large 100 inch projection screen that actually looks bigger than that.

Can't wait to get back there for a game and some beers.
Waited in line for 10 hours on opening day for years worth of wings.  They let us all in and the atmosphere was nice, service was great.

I got the spicy garlic boneless wings, this was my first time trying boneless wings and I can honestly say they were awful.  It taste like a Tyson chicken nugget with there sauce on them.  My friends got traditional wings and say they were great, so I would just stay away from boneless.

Also, the GM seemed like a total dick, not sure if he was just stressed or something, but to be in the people business, he better change!  

All in all, a great place that's open late!
Finally!  B-Dubs returns to Scottsdale.  Ever since the location in North Scottsdale closed, I've been waiting for it to return.  They opened earlier this week and we were anxious to give it a try.  Since they were new, we were expecting the worst in customer service...there are always a few hiccups here and there during opening week....not here though!  

We were greeted by smiling, friendly hostesses who seated us at a table in the bar area.  We asked if they could put on a specific baseball game on one of the TV's, and they accommodated.  Our server gave us a run down of the menu & specials.  I threw her for a loop when I asked for an IPA, it was National IPA Day...she didn't know what that was.  That's ok, most people under 21 don't know what that is.  She smiled and said she'd ask the bartender and let me know.  She promptly returned and told me that they had Hop Knot IPA and Firestone IPA....I ordered the Hop Knot IPA first, then the Firestone 2nd...yum!

For dinner, we ordered:

Queso & Chili Dip
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buffalo-wild-wings-scottsdale-2?select=35tWJX8t0jOppa8akUSfyQ#35tWJX8t0jOppa8akUSfyQ

Cheeseburger Sliders
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buffalo-wild-wings-scottsdale-2?select=MW6o7ZqiBpR3DI0Qdg4TTA#MW6o7ZqiBpR3DI0Qdg4TTA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buffalo-wild-wings-scottsdale-2?select=VcPnbq9ofF80r6IdSCM1yg#VcPnbq9ofF80r6IdSCM1yg

Boneless Wings, 40 cents ea.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buffalo-wild-wings-scottsdale-2?select=mZsJCccMnqgBmSE_B6RXQw#mZsJCccMnqgBmSE_B6RXQw

The food came out rather quickly and we enjoyed our dinner while watching baseball games and shooting the breeze.  Our server remained attentive the entire time and ensured that we were good.

Overall, I am very impressed with their opening week.  I can't wait to come back during football season!
so big fan of buffalo wild wings. I've been to the tempe location many times and as a sports bar they have games on and play the sound from the games. This location, they were blasting club music. Even after we asked if they could play the sound from the game or atleast turn the music down they said the first week management wanted music way up. I think I still have headache from being there. At some point they will figure out what they need to be and thats a sports bar with good beer, wings, and sports. I am willing to amend my review if things change.
I had lunch here w/ my Father-In-Law after the movies. The first thing we noticed were TV's all around. There are two seating areas, the dining & bar section. The focal point were the huge projection screens in both sections for your viewing pleasure. I'll admit, it is new & may have a few wrinkles to iron out. We placed our order & when we received our food, the serving staff didn't bother to ask who had what & ended up handing each other opposite lunches. Overall food & drinks were good. I would suggest more personnel training & it is sure to be the place to eat & watch all your sports games.
Service isn't that great. The 3 times I've gone the waiter swipes my card for everyone else when my and friends got separate checks. There's too many young girls. They need more training. Very clueless waiters. Sorry. But I rather drive all the way to Tempe bww then go to Scottsdales even thou I live a few blocks away. Foods good. Just to eat there.NO!!!!
I go here every couple of days for lunch good food service varies by person all in all I would suggest you have a bite here and lunch specials and beer specials are pretty good!!
My father and I visited for lunch on a Sunday hoping to watch the baseball game and grab some lunch. 

We were told to seat ourselves in the bar area and it took almost 15 minutes for our waiter to notice us. He explained that there were people in white who would being us free samples. 

I was feeling light so I ordered the Chicken chopped salad. My father ordered the Streak Burger. 

My father really enjoyed his burger. He had the parm/garlic sauce. 

The chicken chopped salad was fresh but the chicken was cold. The sauce does not translate well when served cold instead I warm. The manager said that is the way they serve it now. She said next time I can order it warmed up or even crispy. We will see. 

Usually great service can redeem any poor kitchen output. This was not the case with our waiter.  He was polite and all but seemed distracted or too busy to fuss Ruth has. Has to seek other servers for refills and it took him quite a bit of time to get us our bill. 

That being said... When the bill arrived Bell the manager grabbed our bill and exchanged it. She comped my salad and next time she wants me to try it with crispy chicken.   

I was planning on a 2 star rating but comping and entire dish is exceptional. 

Manager Bell, not only have you earned a nice review but I will give your restaurant another shot but maybe with crispy chicken this time
Super friendly staff as I walked in for a late lunch around 1:30pm. I haven't been to one in awhile and the changes are for the better. They allow you to taste up to six sauces and seasonings before you order. They also have lunch madness menu til 2pm where my choice was found. It was 8 boneless wings with fries and fixings for $7.99. You basically get free fries and one free wing which saves you about 3 bucks. You can also get two sauces per order. Everything was spot on. Lots of new items and Happy Hour starts at 2pm which is a bonus. Chipotle BBQ seasoning/dry rub was a  tasty choice. Staff is trained well and everybody tries to be really friendly.
We've been to this location in Scottsdale four times since the first day they opened. Every time we've been there the service has been horrible! The food is overpriced, and not that great for bar food. They manage to screw up our order each time and take forever to bring back the right order. Last time was the final straw when we arrived and were told it would be 15-20 minutes to sit us. Less than 10 minutes later, two guys walked in and got seated in a booth by the same girl who was having us wait. We complained to the manager(s) and their excuse is always that they're still in training. Each of the four times we've been there it's never the same girls working. We won't go back again and have advised other friends to not go there due to the high prices and extremely POOR service.
I had never been to a BWW before, so we decided to try this one since it was new and close.  Not a good experience - the music was so loud that we could barely hear ourselves talk.  The dining room was so crammed with tables, it was completely uncomfortable.  We ordered regular and boneless wings, and we told ten minutes later that they had run out of boneless wings.  The server had told us that the wing sauce was not spicy, yet we couldn't even eat it.  There was nothing good to say about this visit, and though it is right around the corner, we will not be back.
We went during opening week because we had a coupon for a free "snack size" wing to promote their grand opening. The food was as expected. I tend to think I like spicy things. The medium sauce was not spicy to me so I'll definitely be trying the hot next time we go. 

Because it was opening week the service seemed a bit off/discombobulated. When we got our food, there was an additional plate of plain wings we didn't order. The person said we could have it anyway since they already made it. Cool. Except they charged us for it at the end of the meal. The manager was very nice and removed the item from our ticket so no big deal. We all ordered iced tea. The first round was good, the refill was water! When I tried to explain that the tea was brewed wrong I got a very blank look and a replacement glass of... water. I tried to explain again that the tea was not brewed correctly and finally got a third glass of correctly brewed iced tea. 

Will go again and hopefully this time all the kinks will be worked out. Is conveniently located off the 101 on Indian Bend.
This place is exactly what you think it is...

It's a sports bar, but it's a large chain of BWWs, so everything is corporate.  

You definitely don't get that feeling of a neighborhood sports bar like Duke's, Zipps or Pranksters where you can really feel at home and be appreciated for being a regular customer. 

The food is pretty average.  The servers are all nice, but they are all pretty young, so there are some mistakes.  Just bring your patience and leave your expectations at home. 

One thing I was REALLY surprised by:  So many parents brought their kids with them.  No sports bar (or sit down restaurant in general) is kid friendly.  Imagine people drinking beer and yelling profanities at all of the TVs.  That's exactly what happens.  
I guess that's why it's so strange to see kids in a sports bar.  During my visit, there were so many kids, you couldn't walk to the restroom without tripping over one. 

Just weird.
Ive never been a huge fan of this place.  Buffalo Wild Wings is good for one thing.. their wings.  However I was pretty disappointed in the wings this time.  Im a dry rub person when they are available.  Tasted like their wings were cooked way too long.  So they were not great.

Best Buffalo Wild Wings was the one of Scottsdale 101... but they closed and are another sports bar.
A co worker and fellow Foodie recommended this place when I was asking about wings friday night. 

After being seated the waitress gave my son a game tablet that interacted with stuff going on in the restaurant. He was a happy camper while we waited for the food! Bonus because I didn't have to shell out quarters for what I think of as pointless games! 

Our Waitress Kat was pretty cool! She was friendly with a little bit of attitude. She took well to the friendly teasing of my boyfriend. She answer our questions and gave her opinion on the flavors we asked about. (I am new to the "Wing" Craze, so I had a few) Kat was on top of her game getting us refills at just the right moment and keeping our table clutter free. 

I for one LOVED my wings! I had the Asian Zing, sweet BBQ and Honey BBQ. All three  tasted terrific. I loved the sweet flavor of the chili on the Asian Zing and the BBQ flavors were right on the money! I couldn't finish all of my order so I took it home and I had them the next day. EVEN BETTER!!!!! The heat kicked up a notch sitting over night! But still in the reasonable range for my taste! I tasted my son's burger and it was okay.
They have fried pickles which I had been hearing about but never tried...I didn't like them! Personal taste on that one! BUT what I really liked is that the place had a couple of girls walking around giving out samples of the sauces and of the pickles! So it was no big deal that I didn't like the pickles because it didn't cost me anything to try!! I think that is a smart move on BWW's part!

I have to be honest and say that the boyfriend wasn't as excited about his wings as I was mine. But my son devoured the parmesan Garlic wings the next day!

I will be looking to eat at BWW again real soon! Maybe next weekend!!
I had a HORRIBLE day and nothing was going right.  I was supposed to meet up with friends here, but my car battery died along with another whole string of events that I will spare you...the dear waiter had heard of all the atrocities that had happened to me and offered to pick me up on his break and guaranteed I would have a better day.  I toted my butt in a cab over and everyone was way ahead but having a blast.  Matt our waiter was fantastic, but unfortunately as I arrived it was time for him to clock out.  He was very charming and funny though; you are lucky if you have him as a server.  

Matt was replaced by Macy who was also a doll and kept the draft beer flowing.  She hooked me up with two flavors of wings on my small order and gave me a huge bowl of celery to lap up the yummy sauces.  

Unfortunately my 49ers lost, and they had huge big screens to remind me of that!  Haha!  All and all this is a good sports bar, lots of TVs, big bar, great specials, and outstanding service.  My wings were just okay and seemed a bit pricey to me, but the beer was cheap to make up for it.  I will definitely be back for beer and sports because the service was impeccable and it is close to home!
Yuck. The food was terrible. The fries were cold, then microwaved. The waitress was nice enough but not very attentive. The atmosphere isn't very comfortable. I don't see a reason to go back.
I had a really bad experience back home with buffalo wild wings but we decide to give it another shot. Nachos were good the wings were ok they were a little dry for my taste. so compare to my back home experience I will say this is a better spot. One thing is for sure Sunday football this place is crazy crowed.
Took 10 min ( not exaggerating) to get a server to come by and great us. While at least 5 were standing around. The manager finally noticed and sent one server over. The food was good, however they messed my order up twice. First was not boneless as ordered and sauce was wrong. Than, was boneless and sauce was still wrong. They took it off the check however, do not intend on returning.
Boneless wings are the deal on Thursday. Travis struggled a bit but the TV kept us entertained.  The mac and cheese really was cheap and good.
A bunch of us came after the ROC Race.  This was my first time at this location.  We had ordered different wings, salad, and a burger.  The burger arrived quickly, but the salad and wings took forever to arrive.  We were all starving by that time.  The service was lacking.  I guess they didn't expect a large crowd that day.  Their wings were not anything special either.  It's wings, not sure why it took so long.
It's such a bummer that the service here is awful because the food is good. There were so many tables open but a 20 minute wait and a manager walking around looking lost along with 3 hostesses just standing around. Wait staff is nice but no sense of urgency and I even saw the cook walking out of the back with a tray of food while yelling at the waitresses "You complain it's slow but then you let the food sit here." Hopefully management steps up their game and trains the staff to provide better service. Good thing the food is good otherwise I'd go someplace else.
B dub dubs! When seemingly no other sports bar is showing that boxing match, Buffalo Wild Wings saves the day. This location doesn't get as packed as the Tempe location and yet packs the same great attributes that each BWW has to offer: Above average wings, large draft beers, and TV's in every direction. 

When you come in, you're greeted in the front "hallway" by friendly staff. To your immediate right is a large open area with lots of tables of varying sizes and booths surrounding. Continue onward and you'll hit the bar with more seating and access to the patio. There's one giant screen in the big front area that tends to be the main attraction, though you can get a great view nearly anywhere. Though there aren't any TVs in the bathroom, the audio is a lot clearer, allowing you to hear what you're missing.

Favorite food and drink picks: Honey BBQ traditional wings and Gamechanger beer (it's like a lighter IPA). Great combo!

My friends and I like to hunker down at a table Saturday to catch all the games. If there's a boxing match that evening, it's a huge bonus. There's also no cover, just encouraged eating and drinking. Even when we've overstayed our welcome, the waitresses have always been very nice and make us feel at home. Keep it up and I'll keep coming back.
I went with some friends to watch some sunday football. Here's the long & short of it: The wings are fine, not fantastic. That was actually kind of disappointing. I know a lot of people like boneless wings, so if that is your fancy, you will probably be happy! I was impressed by how many beers they had on tap. 

The service wasn't seamless, but I know this is a new location. I'm not eager to return, but if you're in the area or want to watch & football games at once - this is a good place to do it!
YEEAAAEEEEE YEEEAAAAEEEEEE!!!!! B-Dubs never dissapoints, gots to town & threw down on some BANGIN wings all to wash it down with the CHEAPEST BEER IN TOWN!!!!!! Thanx to all over there doin it how it should be done!!!!
Good location, always busy, decent parking, and food is 100 time better than the Hooters that is literally across the street.

The food is always good.

Warning to the pregnant ladies: Some of the wing sauces that may not bother you before you were pregnant, will set off the morning sickness just by smell alone. Use caution!!!
Went there with another couple to try it out. Walked in and it was just a big open box with a partial divider for the bar area. Screens everywhere but the music was so loud we couldn't talk across the table. Finally ordered drinks and some food. A friend ordered boneless wings buffalo style hot. They came out breaded with this dry powder on them like Cheeto dust. They were awful. My other friend had about 5 mixed drinks and he said it felt like 1. Would not go back. Went to the one in Flagstaff and it was fine.
Wings wing wings, what more can you say?
Good 'ole B Dubs. This place will be kicking over Spring Training. Built right across from and old Hooters, the location, food, and service are better. I recommend the Spicy Garlic bone in with blue cheese, but that's just me.

Great place to watch any sporting event. Plenty of beers on tap for the beer snob in you life. Service can be flawed at times but the staff is empowered to correct any issues. I'll be back...again and again and again...
Waited for 10 minutes before anyone came to our table and that was only after we asked the hostess.... Order was wrong when it came out, wings were luke warm, servers were oblivious. Won't be going back.
B-dubs is okay. I mean it is what it is, if you haven't been and like wings, you should try it out. It's a concept restaurant so the focus is on consistency over new innovation like all restaurants of this type. I'll tell you one thing though, this dude I work with has such a huge crush on this place. There is one opening in our area and I guess first 100 people in the door get free wings for a year. He's telling me, "so when it opens, is it okay if I'm out that day to wait in line." Basically this place is great for bringing your Indian friends if they eat chickens.
A group of coworkers and I came here before the spring training game last Friday and since I am not a huge fan of BWW, I had already decided that I'd be getting wings and fries. I was surprised that there wasn't a ton of people when we arrived around 5 and we had a big table out on the patio. We had I think 3 servers working on our group which I think added to the chaos of the evening. Meals came out out of order, I received my fries about 10 minutes after my wings, we had to wait about 15 minutes for someone to come out to order another round of drinks, etc etc. Don't get me wrong, the servers were all nice and apologetic, but something seemed off during our visit. A couple of folks in my party complained about the food quality, but what I had was good. As I left I overheard the manager telling another table that they were overwhelmed with the spring training crowd, but considering that games have been going on for a few weeks, it seemed a little surprising that they were still experiencing kinks. 

Can't say if and when I'll be back.
Came in for lunch, it took 15 minutes just to be able to place our order. (Mind you this is our lunch break). Even though the cheeseburger sliders were the same price as the pulled pork sliders they would not do one of each style on a plate, that just couldn't be done. Then it took 25 minutes to get our food. I was not impressed by the service and disappointed by their lack of flexibility in changing up my order so I could try two of their menu items. I don't think I'll be back.
The customer service at this b-dubs is unreasonably good.  They're quick, friendly, and frequently check to make sure you don't need more wings or drinks.

From any seat in the house you can see at least a dozen TV's.  Unfortunately, they're all showing various types of sportsball, so there's not much to watch.
Still a great location.  The staff will turn on any game you want. The large beers are only 3 bucks at happy hour and so are the decent mozzarella sticks. Get the southwest ranch to dip is my suggestion. Good manager also tonight as he overruled the server after a close call on the sticks and happy hour prices. The sticks are worth $3.00, but not worth the full price of $6.79.
The crew at this Buffalo Wild Wings is 100% geared towards customer service. The bar tending staff makes your experience one to remember. I'm kinda sad I don't live in AZ now I'm gonna miss my new friends :) I highly suggest visiting this restaurant when visiting west gate...especially on game days for their specials!!!Spicy garlic wings are the best! 5 star well deserved.
Man, I love this place! Admittedly, it took a few minutes to get us seated given that we required a high-chair. However, once seated the staff got our kids tablets to play with. That was the last time my kids made any noise. They were so glued to the tablets that dining out was stress free! The wait service was great! I'm planning on coming back again real soon! 

My only complaint was the initial issues with seating, as well as a sampling of one of the sauces. It did not taste the same when I got my actual order (way spicier!). Aside from that, I plan on returning for another good time!
Buffalo Wild Wings is a decent place to eat and watch a game. Last time I went I ordered the chicken sandwich and it wasn't bad, but I think their prices could be better. 

I did find that this location has really good service though. Our waitress, Trina, brought us refills as needed without having to be asked, which is something we really appreciated and something that you just don't see as much as you should these days. The wait staff in general was excellent as we had other people check in on our table. 

We also really enjoyed the trivia game they have going on here. It would actually be a really fun restaurant to go to if only the food was better!
Was just in last night for dinner with my wife, 6 week old son and sister in law. Had to wait for a table (which we expected, Friday night at 7:30). All the staff was friendly and the place looks great! Music was kind of loud but I enjoyed it. When my son started to wake up and cry, no one knew because they couldn't hear him over the music!  Really like that you have a touch tunes juke box (I was able to play the music I wanted to hear!), wide selection of beers and the wings were really good (I'm a nny fan, still say nny is the best but still liked these). They have TVs everywhere and would love to go on a Sunday to watch football! Only reason it's not 5 stars is I felt the kitchen was slow to get our wings out. Apps came out quick but wings took a little long. Matthew our server was solid. Seemed new but I think everyone there is. Also, I got blue cheese instead of ranch with my wings. Gross!  For apps, we got cheese curds and fried pickles. Both really good. I ordered traditional hot and spicy garlic. I go here for the spicy garlic, it's amazing! Wife and sister in law shared boneless wings. They had no complaints. 
Overall, we had a great experience!
Waiting STILL ( it is already 40 minutes) for 5 wings & one quesadilla..... Really? Wonder how much more to wait. At least for a drink had to wait about 10 minutes..... Ah, what a service!!!!!!!
Hello sports fan:

At this location it's a great bar, when it's packed it's pack when it comes to sports.
I approach the location late. I understand its late for the fight. It's too pack. From the outside lots of people standing watching the fight...lots of people..: there is a two foot brick wall...
Wouldn't it be cool to have them sell you wings and take it to you? Mikayala the waitress says " are you sitting to the restraint"..I said "no" she says sorry I can't get you some wings..
Bad business... 
I feel they should sell you wings even if your watching the fight from outside!!
Enjoying a refreshing Strawberry Mojito, watching football before heading into the Phoenix Coyotes preseason opener against  the Kings. Couldn't be happier about a BWW in the Glendale entertainment district. Crowded and loud but that just enhances the excitement of Sunday football.
I thought Buffalo Wild Wings was revamping itself to make it better. Well they still are horrible. 

Went arrived a little after 6pm before the Coyotes Yarnell Practice Game to grab some quick food before we went in. Quick never happened. Trying to get a drink or let alone a refill was hard work. 

Our friends ordered potato wedges for an appetizer, it took them three tries to get it right and then some were cold in the middle. Our entrees took over a half hour to come out and they didn't want to give us any ranch for some reason.

We had to ask our server what the status of our food was, she left and came back 5 minutes later saying they are plating it and the manager was personally bringing it out to us and was going to talk to us. A few minutes later he brought our food and said nothing. No apology. Nothing. 

We ate our food, except the person who ordered wings because they were so awful he couldn't eat them. Our server gave us a $5 off coupon for our meals. More than likely we will never be back.
Ended up having dinner here with my best friend. Was a 20 minute wait for a table but there was a hockey game so that would be no fault of Buffalo's. Seated out on the patio, which is pretty nice and comfy. Lot's of televisions and faced the court yard so we were able to hear and see the live band. 

But their food and service sucked. I can understand being swamped because of the hockey game and all but its was just ridiculous. We were sat at a 4 top and there was only 2 of us. One of the chairs was in the walkway and another server continued to bump either the table or that one chair. Almost knocked our drinks off once. No apology or anything. 

We ordered a few AMF's (which were really good) and two of their appetizer's: nachos were gross, the wings with Parmesan garlic sauce were even nastier. I ate the mozzarella sticks, but can you give them credit for that? Can you really screw up mozzarella sticks. Otherwise not impressed at all. 

Our waiter continued to make inappropriate comments to me and my best friend. I don't know if he thought he was flirting or thought he would smooth us over because we were having such a un-pleasurable experience. 

I was pretty disappointed with this place, everyone raves about it but I think my wing loving ass will stay with Native New Yorker if I want to grab some wings and appetizers.
Great wings and atmosphere.  The place is new so it looks good and feels good.  Service is a bit slow and food can take a while to get to you when they are busy.  This is something they need to work on but that won;t stop me from returning to this particular one.  (Go Bears)!
It's quite simply one of the best places to watch football, eat wing, drink beer, and spend time with friends. Tons of wing sauce varieties too! Many people go here just before they head to the football game so make sure you show up early. Onion rings are good to!
Stopped by after the Coyotes game. Good atmosphere. Great night to sit outside. But.....the service was slow. Or, I should say our server did not come around very often. I had asked for a tv to be changed to a football game, it never happened. There was one gal (wearing a white BWW shirt), called "Captain", she stayed at the same table the whole time we were there. She was loud and obnoxious. I later found out the "Captains" are supposed to walk around to other tables. 

We ordered one of the sampler platters (the one with the pretzels). It was a nice snack for after the game.  I wanted extra cheese sauce, but as mentioned above, our server never came around. I will try this place again. I hope the service will be better next time so I can give it another star.
Being that this place is a new BWW, the overall experience was terrible. Where do I start? 4 of us stopped by last night (Friday night) before going to a movie showing. We didn't wait long, which was probably the only plus out of the experience. We were walked to our table which only had 3 chairs so I had to wait for a min while they pulled the chair from who knows where. The table was all wet since they had just cleaned it apparently. The first thing the waitress asks is if we were ready to order?(2 mins from being sat down) Her name was Alexis. She brings our 4 drinks out and spills one of them on the table, luckily it didn't get on my friends fiancé.  She then walks away with the spilled drink on the table and later cleaned it with two of our napkins. We asked for an appetizer (mozzarella sticks), it arrived approx 30 mins later. 
Fast forward to when the main food arrives. The food was cold( this is most likely related to the amount of time it took to get our food) who knows. .. The order was wrong for 3 out 4 people.We had to tell Alexis that we needed a new batch of wings , which she kindly replaced and took them off our bill.. The second round of drinks took 15 or more mins to arrive. We had to remind the waitress multiple times. 
My buddy and I ordered the prime rib juicy burger. The prime rib was not prime rib. It looked more as if it were deli sandwich roast beef. . I've been to a diff location in where they actually use prime rib. 
I will def never visit this location again.
I want to add that the waitress was nice through all this, she just needs better training.
I just came from L.A. at 3 pm and met up with some other friends from Cali I met when living here in Phoenix a years back. The boxing fight was on last night so we went here to eat some wings and watch the game. The place is new and it looks nice inside they female I think her name was Emily some cute blonde was very nice. We were like 15 in that table and took care of us even though we made it difficult her to charge what beers to who since we kept on changing places to sit lol. I will come back again for the great service and the water she brought me lol I was driving :)
Tried to go in here on a Saturday night after a coyotes game. Hostess was outside with a security guard. I asked her how long the wait was and she snapped "I cannot quote you a wait time" and then turned her head away from me and didn't even bother to ask if I wanted to put my name on the wait list. First of all you always give the guest a estimate wait time and second of all don't be snappy about a simple question. Didn't end up going in because the hostess was the rudest girl I've ever encountered.
I love Buffalo Wild Wings, I could eat here all the time!

We came on a Saturday night and it was packed of course but our server was very friendly and worked very hard to get us everything we needed in a timely manner. We enjoyed watching the hockey game and having a few beers, it was a lot of fun!
Went there for the first time at this Wild Wild Wings, we got great service and the food was very good.  We will return.   Thank You
Delicious! Love the place and the atmosphere. We had a guest captain today and she offered to bring 6 sauces to the table for ha to sample. We had the Caribbean jerk- it was ok, spicy garlic- was a good one, Jammin jalapeño-spicy/tangy., Thai curry- tasted like Ramen noodles, mango habanero-Loved the sweet spicy! It hits you,try it and Sirraacha- Spicy! Remember everyone's taste buds are different so ask for a guest captain and sample some sauces! 
They charge $.60ea for celery and ranch,which don't get me wrong is fine but I didn't know.
Tuesdays is traditional wings day which are only $.50
Thursday are boneless wings and not sure how much! To end it, place is good, staff is great, food is freaking delicious!
First time to Buffalo Wild Wings. This is how you do SERVICE! Not only was the food delicious, but the To-Go service was fantastic. The gal working the counter went 10 steps beyond to make us happy. I just called and told the manager what a great job everyone did. I love good service!  The wings were super yummy. I think I will order them "wet" next time because the sauce is so good, but other than that, perfection. We will be back!
Last time I will ever come to this place. I ordered take out.  They said 20 minutes over the phone. I arrive 10 minutes after the 20 and they said they were back up and didn't know how long they would be. Not even an estimate. Then I finally get my order after waiting another 20 minutes. When I got home to eat my food, the wings were burnt and there was barely any sauce. Terrible customer service. I have never experienced this at any other BWW in the Phoenix area and I'm always eating there since I love wings. Sad to say this will be the first and last I will ever come to this location.
Always enjoy the food but Olivia our server was a great part to stopping in and having a late night dinner. 

Place needs a damn vacuum because the floor looked like it wasn't vacuumed since Thursday and I was there on a Saturday night.

Hosts were young and not really into working. Ordered a Arnold Palmer and the young lady said "oh I can't get you that alcoholic drink" wow, it's half lemonade & half ice tea sweetheart... 

Not sure what they teach these people. 

The kitchen took long but hey that's expected I guess when it was dead earlier and the manager sent people home and then it got busy, at least that is what I heard from a few people.

Thanks Olivia for serving us, you did a great job.
Tiffany Lopez is one of their best servers! Dont get me wrong they have a handful; but she stands out! For being a Bar they are very stringent on the amount they serve, but they are following the liquor law soo food is good environment is Awesome!
I was so excited when they opened a b dubs in the area and wow was I let down. The wings are good of course, but the service as never been good and we have tried coming back several times hoping it would improve. This last time was the worst we went for happy hour and 20mins past happy hour time was told we would still be charged full price because the computer wasnt showing happy hour yet. Okay I get that things happen, but then we received our order and no bowls no napkins I had to flag another server down. I didn't receive a single refill on my water and even asked my server. I just cant believe that in such a busy area you wouldn't be able to find a few good servers.
If you have children please, please stay away from this location. This is my second review of this location-just a heads up. We went there tonight, a Sunday night, no game, no activites and we had the worst service imaginable. We sat in the patio and asked three waitresses after 15 minutes who our server was because we had our 3 year old with us. No one knew. When we were getting ready to get up to leave to another restaurant another patron said he would ask his waitress, he did and she served us. It was not her section and she was new, fine, we appreciated that. She didn't know what was on draft but it did not matter since we were hungry and thirsty. After another 15 minutes she brought out the wrong beer order. After another 15 minutes our food came but not our childs. We asked the server and they said we never put it in, whatever. So we ordered again. While we were waiting someone who was a manager type but did not introduce themseleves that way, came and said they would rush the order but never said sorry! The waitress came back and apologized but we said our distress was the fact that our daughter had no food! The waitress left and came back 5 minutes later saying that our daughters food would be comp'd. Not anything else! We were given the wrong beer, waited way to long for service, saw 3 waitresses that would NOT even help us, and the manager type never said sorry! What a joke! As we were leaving the patron that helped get us a waitress told us he was sorry that we encountered that with our family! We left hungry because they never came and asked us if we wanted anything else! This honestly has been the worst service I have been given in the valley and there was no excuse since they were not even busy! I get that staff might be new but with all the other challenges it was a total waste! We should have just left and ate some place else. STAY AWAY! I will never eat at this location again! I will go back to Goodyear or Surprise where their costumer service is INCREDIBLY better, what a let down.
So I have been to this location 4 times now and have come to the conclusion that this is the only BWW that I will ever like. All the other locations have terrible service and the servers make you feel like an inconvenience but NOT this location. This location is always busy, which is not a big deal to me. The service I have experienced has always been great and the food (wings) is awesome! I will keep coming back with friends, great place to eat and have drinks.
Great food with great service. Staff are super friendly and helpful with suggestions on wing sauces and what beer would compliment your order. I just wish they wouldn't change out their beers on tap so often.
Sadly disappointed. After frequenting B Dubs in multiple cities and states, this was by far the worst. Appetizers came out w the entrees, forgotten sauces, missing meals ... Ugh. We ordered Strawberry Coronitas for our drinks and were told they were out of Coronitas so the beer was just poured in. Am I crazy to think that I'm getting less beer than I'm paying for this way?! I might be a lush but I'm a cost-conscious lush. 

So ... The manager visited our table and tried to smooth things over, he didn't. He also forgot the sauce we have been waiting for ... 

I guess we are still waiting for good service too ...

The end.
WORST food and customer service ever! They started the bad experience as they took almost 30 minutes to get us the drinks, then almost 40 minutes to come with our food, and when they showed up with it, they messed up on my order. Then when I finally got my food, the Nachos chips were extremely salty and the meat had no flavor at all. The customer service was bad and I'm not saying the name of the server to not get her into trouble but they need to hire better people.
If I could give 0 stars I would. My brother and I went for a after work dinner with a bunch of coworkers, and ended up not eating at all. The waitress was very unprofessional. Everyone else has received their food yet my brother and I didn't. We orders a plain burger with fries, that's it. She claimed she put it in but the order fell through with the kitchen, (this was now over an hour after we ordered) she offered to get us our food and box it up for us to go with an attitude like it was our fault.. No discounts or anything. We then asked for a manager, she came back and said if we wanted to talk to a manager we would have to find one ourselves because the manager refused to come outside (were we were seated). That was not true because we went to find another waiter who indeed brought us the manager who then confirmed she was never aware of our situation. Don't go here. Ever.
We come to this Buffalo Wild Wings because it is the closest to our house. We always get great service! They always have all the TVs going with the most popular sport or game on at the time. We always order wings because they are consistently delicious! And the fried pickles are amazing!
Came in on Thursday $.60 wing night and the places was packed asses to elbows. They sat us within 5 to 10 mins which was great the service was a bit slow but I understood with as many people that were there. The food was on point and the waiter made sure that everything was satisfactory and he was trying to hustle to keep our drinks filled at all times. I think they might've understaffed for the night but needless to say I will be a returning customer.
Love BWW but not this location!!!the wait was ridiculous and the waiting area is too small, very crammed. Slow, hostess doesn't seat you regardless if there is three of them standing at the podium, they just point in the general direction to where you need to sit. Our servers switched in the middle of our order and it wasn't because one was ending her shift. Our order took a little too long but whatever. Our order comes out, they mess up my boyfriends order and bring the naked chicken tenders when he ordered the regular chicken tenders. Our water had  still not been brought to us at this point, we had to request them again after our meal had arrived. They failed to have our dipping sauces out that we requested with our meal. Just a pain in the ass experience. Won't be returning here to this location. Should have stuck to our gut and went to good 'ol Yardhouse.
I was the first customer to use the  rest room since I went there at 11 am and it was already dirty. So gross. There are so many workers there not doing anything. Never coming back again.
So excited to give a good report. We tried the BBQ chicken wings, Bratwurst, and 1/3 lb burger with mushrooms and cheddar cheese with fries. Ingredients are fresh, never frozen. Sauce made in house.  Brats made in house daily from quality ingredients. Burgers are hand formed from Angus beef in house daily. Wings are hand breaded and sauced, never frozen.
Buns are fresh. Chef-owner is culinary graduate and a veteran with a Purple Heart. Restaurant has plenty of space for any occasion and is casual. About the result: our meal was heavenly delicious. Please support this wonderful, hand-crafted food. San Tan Valley, you have a winner!!!
Had this for dinner tonight! Ate the wings and a double cheese burger with bacon, shrooms, and onion. The food was awesome!!
I had a special burger with fried egg, bacon, and peanut butter. Sounds crazy but it was terrific. San Tan Valley this place is soooo yummy!!!!
Stumbled upon this place after a Dr appt nearby and were impressed. Got chicken sandwich and bratwurst. So yummy!  Will be back for sure.
Thanks for your business San Tan valley I triedy best to bring quality food to our area I just never did take off and get good business the summer bankrupt me so I had to close my doors thanks for the few months I had It was my pleasure to serve all of you


Thank you and God bless all of you

Christopher and Paula Smith

Red Leg Burgers & Bratwurst
The fries are really good.  I could eat them all day long!   The chicken strips themselves are really good, but I was just expecting more than some Parmesan cheese just sprinkled on top of them.  I thought by the picture that they have on their web site it was more of a sauce type of coating. Do not get me wrong they are still good but just not what I was expecting.   I can not wait to try some of the other flavors that they have though.
There's always consistency with the taste of my wings, and how nice the staff are.  I am obsessed with the mild wings.  No matter what, come see Cynthia!!! She's awesome!!!!
Wingstop is one of the better fast casual spots for wings especially in south Phoenix.  What this place brings is instant credibility with consistency, quality with their wings along with excellent customer service.  These chains are very organized by maintaining the same level of experience at every location.  I have not yet found a "Mom and Pops" place in this area that will provide you with better wings or customer service yet and will admit it if I do.  While the wings are not the cheapest I've found but the quality every time I order is worth the few extra bucks.  The seating area at this store is a bit larger than the westside location.  If you're looking for good wings this is your spot.  Be sure to call in or place orders online if you are carrying out.  Expect a wait during peak times unless you order ahead.
This is our second time being here for the money you get plenty of food and the wing sauces they have are good. Overall an excellent value, will come back again. The mango habanero sauce is my fav than comes the teriyaki  forget the Cajun sauce.
This place has some really good wings.  

This location opened up a little while back but we have been there many times since then.  I prefer bone-in wings and they are really good here.  The boneless option is also really good (my girlfriend prefers these).  They have some great flavors that span the spectrum of mild to hot.  The garlic parmesan flavor is good as is the teriyaki and BBQ.  They have a variety of combos and deals so you can take care of however many people you are ordering for.

If you are craving wings and are in the area, definitely stop in here.
We eat here at least twice a week, my friends and I may have a problem...

You only need to know two words:  Louisiana.  Rub.

That is all.
By far, the most Amazing Fusion Korean food!! Clean and modern environment restaurant. I went there for the first time since they opened, I received an excellent service, and the food was AMAZING!! My friends and I tried pork belly, fried chicken, and tofu jun. I think this is by far the most tasteful korean restaurant I've ever been!!! Highly recommend to try everything, they've got variety of food you can choose!!!  Q studio was one of my fav places o hang out, now they've got a bistro next to it, it is my fav place to eat and hang!! :)
Wow! The chicken is just delicious, but there is PIZZA as well. Pizza and wings. What more could I ask for.  I had the sweet potato pizza, which is so yummy that I cringed when my girlfriend took a slice (she is now hooked). I had the soy garlic wings which cannot be described in words.  I called in my order and 15 minutes later, it was ready and waiting when I arrived.  Great food and fast service. Cannot ask for more than that.  I am now a loyal customer
Best fried chicken in Vegas. Also try it with spicy-sweet sauce. It is good spot to grab a drink late night with friends. I tried the spicy rice cake, sweet potato pizza, grilled large intestine. It was all soooo good. I recomend this place to all of my friends.
Top notch Korean fried chicken.  The outside was crispy and light, the chicken moist, and the traditional Korean sauce was spicy and sweet.  There's multiple sauces to choose from so I'm looking forward to trying the others.  Also good value.  For $10 was given around 8 pieces.  Also came with the traditional side dishes - I wasn't expecting that as I thought that was just for Korean BBQ. They were excellent.  2 picked vegetables and a sweet potato salad (or regular potato salad with some sweet sauce).  
I will definitely try the other main courses.  Saw a hamburger steak and a katsu dish that looked good.  
Friendly employees and nice decor.
Holy smokes, how does this place only have 3 reviews?  The gf and I just had dinner at this place and I couldn't wait to write a review.  We ordered the soy garlic wings and the regular korean fried chicken with "supreme" sauce.  The.  Best.  Fried.  Chicken.  I.  Have.  Ever.  Had.  Roscoes?  Honey's Kettle?  (Both in LA)  Not even close.  I really hope this place continues to survive because I will eat here every time I visit Vegas.
Yum! Had their Sweet Potato Pizza and Bulgogi Pizza as well as their popcorn chicken with spicy sauce. Their pizzas are dang freaking good- far beyond what I expected at a Karaoke place... makes me want to go back just for the pizza! Popcorn chicken was awesome too- chicken was big- not mostly batter and sauce was awesome. Seriously awesome. Nice job guys!
I'm seriously upset with myself for waiting this long to go get me some fried chicken :) KFC in my mind stands for Korean fried chicken and I have been looking for a place to match Bon Chon in New York and this place is as close as it's gonna get!  The chicken is extremely crispy on the outside and so moist on the inside it makes the white meat tastes like dark meat!  I love all the sauces they offer but the soy garlic is my favorite.  The family size is a huge portion and can easily feed 4-6 depending on ones appetite.  The dishes come with some ban chan (side dishes) and the cabbage salad with thousand island is a nice pairing to the spicy flavors in some of the dishes and chicken flavors.  We tried the bulgogi fried rice and that was tasty as well.  We also ordered the stir fried gizzards and I would have to recommend not getting it....not enough flavor and overly chewy.  But I'll overlook anything for good fried chicken or in this case SUPERB fried chicken.  Just two words bomb diggity! Similar concept to Soyo but with a cheaper price point.  The chicken beats the chicken wings at soyo and beats the fried chicken at Bazic.  Definitely give this place a try if you are a fried chicken connoisseur and perhaps you can head next door for a little karaoke action afterwards.
WINNER WINNER FRIED CHICKEN DINNER! One of the best fried chicken places in town. The skin on the chicken stayed crispy (like pharrell's hat @ the Grammy's) throughout the whole time. My friends and I tired the Supreme and Soy Garlic sauces, and BOY OH BOY the flavor packs a punch. The Supreme was a little more on the spicy side, however; our side of white rice balanced out the spice. Soy Garlic had a nice salty flavor as well. The biggest thing I noticed was the water they served us. IT WAS BOTTLED ARROWHEAD WATER! Definitely worth every gallon of gas used to drive here!
This place was great. The wings were the best I had and the pizza had the most stretchy cheese. :) Always best eaten hot and never warm. ^^ I also liked the rice dishes. You won't be disappointed. 

The environment is more of an urban and youth theme. I really enjoy listening to the pop and kpop while enjoying my meal. The art was also nice too. A great place with friends and maybe dates ;)
Really nice & quiet place. Romantic setting! Great service, guys were friendy & awesome food! My hubby, friends & I did family style. 

We had the korean bbq ribs, tofu jun, bulgolgi pizza, bulgolgi fried rice, rice balls, potstickers & Sake! My friends loved the Sake! 

Great place :) Would definitely recommend it! Good korean bbq beef ribs. xoxo
We went here with very high expectations based on the reviews. Not sure where the comparisons to Bonchon came from but they're nowhere close. I'll take Bazic anytime for this place. The coating on the chicken wings are too thick, and the meat has no flavor at all. The sauces can't do anything to save it.
Loved it!!

If you're lookin for traditional, do not come here. But if you wanna try something new (and guaranteed to be yummy), this is a must try!

BEST korean fried chicken in town, yummy pork belly slices, large portions, affordable prices, chic decor but laid back atmosphere, friendly/helpful staff. Take a date or a group of friends-- either way you'll have a good time.
Love here! Staffs are all very nice and fried chicken was sooo good. I tried supreme flavor and soy flavor fried chicken, and both of them were so tasty. I also found the Cass bear which is from Korea, it was smooth and nice. My Chinese boyfriend absolutely loves this place and so do I.
Best fried chicken in vegas
Awesome place. Good songs! Nice and clean rooms! And very nice staff! I always come here. It's better than all the other karaoke places in town. They update their list monthly. I'm about to bust out in some Disney songs. :3
I've been coming here for a year, but this is my actual first time singing karaoke here & this place is my absolute favorite place to do sake bombs! If you don't already know; buy two buckets of beer & you get one free! It's always so fun here. & the staff is always nice.

~ Two thumbs up & four stars ~
For always having an amazing time here.
Amazing food! Good music! Friendly staff!! Have a cold beer with fried chicken supreme style and a bottle of sou with raspberry liqueur.. finally a place to hang in Las Vegas with karaoke bar right next door!! Right now!!
WoW ! .. Wasn't expecting it to be as good as what people are saying about this place, but it's all true .. The food is great .. The service is awesome .. The price is less than what I expected. Our Server Dennis even took requests for our background music preference, make sure to ask for this guy .. All in all, this is our new go to spot when it comes to KBBQ and K Chicken Wings !
My cousins wanted to go somewhere I haven't taken them before, since I wanted to try this place, we decided to check it out. When we first walked in, it was a chill atmosphere, since I haven't been here before so I didn't know what to expect.  My cousin and brother ordered beer and hot sake since it was buy one get one for 50% during their happy hour from 4pm-9pm. We ended up ordering their chicken wings (supreme & soy garlic), kimchi fried rice, and bulgogi. They were good, but not the best. 

When you check in for the first time, you get a free shaved ice per table, which is really good. And when you write a review, you'll get a free cold sake.
Im a little disappointed for my first time. The ambiance is pretty nice and cozy. The music  was good and the staff is very friendly. Plus we got a free shaved ice for checking in. I think everyone hyped up the food too much. We ordered the hamburger steak, bulgogi pizza and spicy bulgogi. The hamburger steak tasted like meat loaf. And they kind of over did the pizza. The calamari was pretty good though nice and crispy, it wasn't chewy at all. 
Maybe next time we will try something different and get more alcohol.
Being associated to Karaoke Q Studio, I actually expected dining inside one of those karaoke rooms with some random crowd singing to really cheesy songs.  I was mistaken, however, as the restaurant is located in a separate space right next door.  I guess this bistro has been open for over a year now but only heard about it recently.  Ambiance was nice except for the blasting EDM that almost gave me a headache... at least all alcohol was BUY ONE GET ONE FREE (only during World Cup) which greatly helped soon as the booze started flowing.

The menu includes both typical and nontraditional Korean dishes.  Dukbokke (soft rice cake, fish cake, and sweet red chili sauce) was really tasty with portion big enough for two to three people.  Korean fried chicken (KFC of South East Asia) was also delicious.  Crust stayed crispy even when it was drenched in sweet and spicy sauce.  It almost reminded me of my first time having it at Bonchon during a trip in the Philippines; however, it's just like comparing apples to pears.  The ones from this restaurant have thicker coating and were glazed with too much sauce.  Nonetheless, the dish itself is great and worth coming back for.

One dope thing they do is their Yelp check-in special: free small patbingsoo.  Not sure if it's only for the first visit or every time you do it.  Considering the dessert was complimentary, we thought it was just going to be shaved ice topped with strawberries and condensed milk.  Surprisingly, it was topped with cereal, sweet red beans, assorted fresh fruits (kiwi, cantaloupe, strawberry, honeydew, banana, mango), vanilla ice cream and drizzled with condensed milk.

Overall, Q Bistro is definitely a great joint for late night dining especially since they're open till three in the morning.
Great place for groups especially for happy hour. Plenty of songs to choose from and multiple languages.
The bulgogi pizza was tasty and the service was awesome! I would definitely come back.
Very good food. My only regret is that I ordered too much and couldn't manage to eat it all.
First off, this restaurant has a very unique and romantic set up unlike any other and is extremely clean! The food was different yet tasty, especially the seafood pasta.
Last but not least, the service is awesome! Get Damon to serve you, he always keeps a smile on his face and is just an overall awesome server (:
This is my second time coming to Q Bistro and Damon took great care of us. He was constantly checking up on us and it made the visit a lot better. We ordered my favorite the spicy rice cakes, kimbap, the chicken wings and a bunch of other entries that were super delicious. Not only was the service and food great but the atmosphere of the restaurant nice as well. Last but not least the  restrooms are beautiful!!! When the restrooms are clean and pretty you know the place's a keeper.
This KFC/Taco Bell sucks! The food is NEVER fresh, the wait is never less than 10 minutes in the drive thru, and they never give you silverware and napkins in your bag! Even after the building was remodeled, the quality of food and service has not gotten better! Thumbs down KFC and Taco Bell and zero stars! Such a shame, this is a nice area but this place needs new management.
Slow slow slow and ran by a bunch of teenage kids chicken was very dry. Please dont wast your time and $$
Simply awful location.  My most recent trip was at prime dinner time (6:30 on a Saturday) and they still managed to give us terribly stale food.  The biscuits were crunchy all the way through.  Seriously, how long were they out to get that way.  Completely hard.  The corn was dry and shriveled.  The "extra crispy" chicken was barely crispy in some parts, and mush in other parts.

Stay away from this location.
The food & management are beyond terrible. We went in 3-3-14 to get some chicken to go. The cheese & macaroni were spoiled & half the chicken was dried out. I called the restaurant 4x's & have never gotten a human. It always went to voice mail. I have left 3 messages & I have never received a call back. I called again today & the voice mail said the memory is full. I  called the corporate headquarters 3x's. I requested a call back & a supervisor to call me back 2x's. To date still no call back from the restaurant or KFC Headquarters . I will never go back. Don't waste your time or your money. I won't be going to any KFC. If I could give it less than a one star I would.
I always order pizza from here when we're in the mood for pizza; rarely if ever. I have ordered through theirn online service every time and I've never had a problem. I have gone and picked up the pizza myself and have had it delivered, both times the staff has been nice. 

Since I don't like many of the other pizza places around I will continue to order from here.  If no Peter piper pizza delivered.
I phoned ahead for my order and it was a busy, busy Saturday night for the workers. They told me only 15 minutes for 2 supremes. Wow. I got there in 15 minutes, and they were ready for me! Wow! Fresh. Hot. Delicious pizza. Courteous attentive staff. The delivery staff coming and going showed passion for their jobs in making sure the pizzas got out to the customers as efficiently as possible. I wish all Dominos were like this one.
The pizza itself was mediocre at best, I ate it but it's nothing to write home about. $20.00 for one large 3 topping pizza is a bit pricey I think. Delivery time was off by 15 minutes late. And to top it all off, when paying by card you are asked to add a tip when the driver gets there. WTF? I,m being charged a separate DELIVERY CHARGE and I'm expected to tip too? Isn't the tip the delivery charge? Hell, why not throw on a road tax charge of a couple bucks and maybe a fuel tax charge and an environment tax charge, then you can justify $30.00 for a pizza. There's gotta be something better than this.
Wing Heaven is located on Durango & Farm/El Capitan right next door to Retro Bakery. I've been pretty excited for this place to open...wings AND seafood! My wife doesn't eat seafood so it's perfect for us. They have a few things to choose from. Traditional and boneless wings, chicken strips, gizzards and a few seafood options...catfish, tilapia, cod & butterfly shrimp. Then they have a bunch of side items like fries, wedges, fried pickles and some other goodies. The menu seems pretty basic at first but they let you use the "seasonings" on pretty much everything so there's a ton of options. Not to mention quite a few wing sauces.

We went with lemon pepper wings, honey heaven wings, old-bay catfish and some sides...fried pickles and bacon cheddar wedges. The wings were cooked pretty dang close to perfect and had a nice crispy texture on the outside. The honey heaven which came as a suggestion from the owner is killer! It's kinda sweet and tangy but it has a little kick to it. The catfish was also really good, not too heavy on the seasoning and fried a nice golden brown. Sides were awesome. Real bacon on the wedges! Fried pickles with decent batter and not all soggy! And they have Kool-Aid! What's not to love?!

Kinda teetering on 4.5 stars with this place. They are take out only so don't come prepared to sit and eat. Even though we live close, the hot food in a bag made my catfish get a little soggy which in all honesty was the only flaw in the food for me. Everything was tasty, they have excellent customer service, a super friendly staff and the prices are more then reasonable. I dug it! Wing Heaven will be seeing me quite a bit!
My new favorite place to eat!! Best comfort food!! Gizzards are delicious !! Mac & cheese are the best!!! Pick your seasons on Ur food!!! Thank Heaven for Wing Heaven!!
Was excited for a new Wing Place to be in the neighborhood. Happy they have seafood as well thats nice. Fast and friendly service. Spicy garlic wings were beyond yummy! Fried shrimp was good. The kids loved the fried mushrooms and fries. We also had the fried pickels they are spears vs chips didn't know that or I would have got a smaller order. Kids also had bbq wings and loved them. They were small wing either which was really nice. Overall it made a great dinner and we will be returning again.
I'm a wing lover and decided to try this place out. Glad I did. Great tasting wings. The staff was great too. Will be back!!
The catfish nuggets were just ok. The fried shrimp was typical frozen grocery store shrimp. I was very unimpressed. I would like to go back to try the wings which are the main attraction here. Hopefully they will live up to my expectations. I also look forward to trying the kool aid. The prices were quite high for the quality, also. Will revise once I've tried the infamous wings.
This place is amazing great service and super good food the wings are amazing the fish is amazing you have to try it
If you want great wings, this is the place to go. I went for the classic hot but they had a huge variety of sauces to choose from. Had the fries and fried pickles. They were good as well. We will definitely be back.
just went there today in search for some wings, and I'm glad I did because they were so good! Great service and the foo was amazing! It tasted better than WingStop honestly! The best part was they even had koolaid!
I tried the Caribbean jerk - ok, honey BBQ- above average, and the garlic parmesan- great flavor but a little dry, service was friendly and food came out fast, but for the price it should have been amazing. It would have been about the same price to have gone down the road to Buffalo Wild Wings and somebody would have served it to me. Also, no sides included - ranch, carrot, celery, which I would have expected at the price, maybe they supply if you ask and I falsely assumed they would throw in. Will try again, but might have to wait for coupons or a deal
Honestly, I love supporting small businesses whenever they open in our city of Las Vegas, but if you do please come with your game correct!  Wing Heaven was just a letdown.  

The concept is great, wings, fish, other fried delights.  But where Wing Heaven fails is in the execution of it all.  Just not what you would expect for a newer establishment.  I just couldn't give this place more stars if I tried.  If it was better when they first opened, then Wing Heaven should get back on the straight and narrow soon to keep patrons coming in at a good clip.  

Wing Heaven was a drive for us, a bit out of the way.  Entering the place, it is nice enough.  No tables if you plan on eating here, just a few stools and a flat screen TV or two for you to catch up on sports while you wait for your order.  And boy, did we WAIT.  It was a weekend night and it wasn't busy at all in the store.  There was one other couple ordering at the time.  1) We weren't greeted by the owner, or anyone in the place for that matter.  2) After the couple in front of us ordered, the owner and them proceeded to shoot the SH!+ with each other for at least 10 minutes (yes I timed them).  And not once did ANYONE greet us or tell us that they would be right with us.  A bit annoying.  3) When we finally did get to the register to place our order, the owner wasn't exactly friendly or welcoming with the wifey and I in his place.  Could be just that's his demeanor, but still, you want my continued business, please at least FAKE a smile to show some effort.  I got the whiff that his food was gonna speak for itself, so I figure I would just give it a chance.

We thought about the catfish (but I favor Mario's Westside for that), but ended up going with a pound of fried pollock because it was on special.  The seasoning we chose was Garlic Vinegar.  You know us Filipinos, lovin' our garlic and vinegar like it was salt and pepper.  The real reason we drove down to Wing Heaven was because my wife loves fried gizzards, and this was one of the only places I've heard of that serve them on a regular basis.  So we got a pound of those as well.  Paid, and proceeded to wait while our order was being prepared.  That was a long 10 minutes.  

Owner finally warmed up a bit and asked us if we liked cheesecake.  He said he was going to make us a treat to try out.  Yay, some life out of this guy.  A few minutes later we are given a cheesecake bite of sorts with chocolate and raspberry sauce on top.  It was OK.  But I was expecting something a bit more homemade.  These seemed like those cheesecake bites you get from your local warehouse store, just covered up in batter and fried.  Good effort, but wish it was more original.  Glad we were offered it though, it's the only reason I went and gave Wing Heaven another star.

Upon our take out order arriving I lifted the bag.  It really seemed LIGHT.  I had to ask behind the counter, "Bro, you sure this fish is a pound?"  Guy says yes.  I did the WRONG thing by just leaving with a "Thanks" and not checking on my order.

The wifey and I finally drive back to our side of town and get to sit down to enjoy our meal, and immediately are disappointed.  Our pound of fried fish seemed so measly!  It looks like they included the weight of all the seasonings BEFORE frying!  So sad.  Our fish pieces were so small, and much of our fish order was in tiny bite size pieces.  Just bad!  Lots of batter bits, and not much fish.  The only thing good about this was the Garlic Vinegar seasoning, it gave good tang to what was lackluster fish.  I wish I had remembered to take pics of this, but it was so upsetting I totally disregarded it.  But the wifey can vouch for this fish being just a disappointment.  It came with a tiny condiment container of cole slaw, but that wasn't so tasty either.  Needed more vinegar, and less mayo.  Tartar sauce?  Nothing special.

On to the fried gizzards, which were a letdown as well.  Granted, our trip to our eating area wasn't very far, I wasn't expecting our fried items to hold up the greatest because just about everything at Wing Heaven is packed to go (since they have no real eating area in house).  But the gizzards were rubbery!  Like shoe leather rubbery!  It can mean two things - either the gizzards were overcooked OR the gizzards are a frozen-type product and not fresh made.  No amount of Louisiana hot sauce could really save these gizzards from being yummy.  No bueno.

About $15 total for our order since we opted to not go the meal route, since it was our first time to Wing Heaven we wanted to feel out the food.  I really hate to say it, but looks like we won't be back anytime soon.  Maybe it was an off day for them, or maybe there are some kinks (one of the cooks seemed to be in training), but I just didn't connect with this place.  I know Wing Heaven specializes in wings but they just don't seem special compared to other wing joints.  Sorry, guys.  Disappointing.  Heaven this is not.
Delicious Crunchy Chicken and Fish! LOTS of Flavors to choose from.
The food is great.. Had the wings they are fat juicy and the souse is amazing. I have gone back a few times.
I'm giving it one star, and that's because the wings were actually DELICIOUS! 

The reason for my bad review is simple, the customer service sucked! The guy at the register was apparently having a bad day... Lemme rephrase that, bad life! ATTITUDE from the start. I asked how big the wings were, and the guy acted like I was asking for a free sample! Then when I asked to mix and match, I asked if I could have 4 wings in a separate sauce and he snapped at me "we only do in 5's"... Like if I already knew.

All in all, the wings were really good! I got the Jerk Sauce and Can honestly say it was very pleasing.

Wing Heaven needs to send their employee to a learn some manners. If you don't want to deal with people, get out of the food service industry! 

I hate to write bad reviews, but this guy really made my first experience at wing heaven a bad experience! At least the wings were good.
First of all, let me say the customer service was great, that's what pushed it from 3 stars to 4. I felt like me, Wayne and the other guy (whos name I forget but seemed like a boss?) clicked just fine.

The wait was a bit long, maybe 20 minutes, but thats what real fresh food takes. Also, they asked if I like my wings more crisp, and yes I do, so that adds time. 

Had catfish, perfectly cooked, tartar and slaw was good, not outstanding.
Chicken strips were as good as anywhere, easily as good as raising canes or better. Spicy dipping sauce, and what I think was also a spicy ranch? Decent.

And a family order of fries and wings. Fries were nice and plump, very good. They get a bit soggy in the styrofoam so you may want to consider serving them in another way.

The chicken wings, 10 honey BBQ, yum and 20 scorching. I told these guys you can't make it too hot for me, and they apparently took that as a personal challenge, LOL. Them bas**rds were HOT! By the time I ate them all I was scorching. 

Actually it was 19 wings as one of them was a bit off, missing most of it's meet. They graciously noticed this and offered me a free Kool-Aid to make up for it (and to eat the offending wing) The Kool-Aid is sweet and yummy. The wings, even before saucing are well seasoned with a bit of cajun rub.

40 plus dollars before I left, not exactly cheap, but very very yummy!
Went in today to get my gizzard craving satisfied !!! This is the best place to get some gizzards, wings,catfish!! I had a perfect lunch!!!! Toney & his staff are the best!! I don't understand these other bad reviews of customer service. I encourage everyone to try something new there every time !!!!
I really hate writing bad reviews for small businesses...esp ones in my neighborhood.  

Not that our opinion is life changing or anything dramatic, it's just that I really have high hopes for small businesses, really wanting to find the diamond in the rough...the place no one else has really discovered yet...

It took me weeks to decide whether I was actually going to post my review...well here it is :

Can't come to a place called Wing Heaven and NOT try the wings first right??

I tried the 10 Wings Meal ($12.49): Spicy Garlic, Honey Heaven and a 1/2lb Fries. The flavors were just ok...I did like how crunchy the outsides were though.  

The owner (presuming) mentioned that they marinate/batter the wings twice, before the fryer and after, so they get extra crispy and a bit more flavor.  I wasn't overwhelmed with the food flavor though...

But the reason the review is so low, was the fact that my chicken wings were NOT FULLY COOKED.

I bit into the first one or two and noticed they were a little pink on the inside.  Nothing horrible like blood or super raw, just a bit pink.  Just enough to worry a bit, but my iron stomach was telling me that I would be ok eating a little bit of the "less pink" ones.

I started ripping them apart and they were all pretty much the same.  I ate up the wings that I thought were "more cooked" but I ended up getting sick afterwards.  AND for the next 2 days.

I am sure I could have went back into the store and asked for him to cook me a new set.  I am sure the customer service would have been great and it would have been done with no issues.

But I didn't do that...and I got sick...so we are both to blame.
Ok, first off I love small businesses so when the place that closed here (seafood station was great)  was replaced with another mom and pop type spot I was excited. Sadly, that was short lived. 

I have been here a couple of times, not impressed either of those times.

My first time the person on the phone seemed totally annoyed by my presence, so much so I almost left until another customer came in so I stepped up.  First time I went in I tried the catfish nuggets and boneless wings. The catfish was ok, but I was not impressed. The boneless wings (spicy garlic) had absolutely no flavor, I was totally disappointed.  

The second time the customer service was much better, although the guy ringing me up waved me in close and offered "good deals for cash" I feel bad for the owner, he/she is probably being robbed blind. I bought some catfish fillets and some jalapeño poppers for my wife (asked for cheddar ones) We got home and again the catfish was ok, but not impressive, mediocre at best. Also, the poppers were mixed cream cheese and cheddar so my wife couldn't even eat half of those.

I don't mind the wait for fresh food, especially from mom and pop type places..I will give alot of leeway. But in this instance the owner needs to do some work on his staff and flavor profile of the food before I return.
Overpriced! Wings deep fried in old burnt oil! Rude owner. This place us in business for the short run. Instead of providing great food great prices and great management. In turn, the "rude" owner might then have a business that he could actually retire from due to being successful over the long run.
I had the catfish & french fries.  The catfish is just average. The fries were exceptionally good with the side of cheese. It's worth going back for in the future.  I had my doubts about the fries but I'm gonna title them the best fries in Vegas. The employees have a attitude problem. They will run good loyal customers away with all they foolishness.  Just uncalled for foolishness & for no good reason. I said I've never been here are your wings good? I was told I don't eat take out. I said ok placed my order & left. Total I give it 3 stars. I will return.
I dig me some killer INFERNO WINGS, they make a great sauce on that one!  Hot is good too!   SCORCHERS are my favorite.   10 minute wait as they making anything fried for your little hearts desire, and to feed the beast inside you.  Enjoy this NW Vegas tradition at this location. Wing Heaven@!   You will feel like you are in heaven after eating them and like you are in hell the next day, as you must go back for more....lol  Enjoy!
I was very disappointed,  they advertise fresh fried wings and fish, fresh doesn't mean frozen, when ever your products are frozen they simply are not fresh! I ordered The catfish fillets, catfish nuggets and fries, The fries were pretty good and is the only reason that I gave this review one star, The catfish was just okay and nothing special other than the rubbery texture, very mushy inside not flaky at all. I will not waste my time nor my money on another visit. I must add that the staff was very friendly and helpful.
Wing Heaven is not the business!
Great Fried Shrimp! I didn't know they existed !! The hot & teriyaki wings ARE SOOO GOOD!! Friendly service too
Wings are always really good here! Spicy BBQ is so good! Staff is friendly, and and always very helpful.
1st time tried this place was so so. Glad I gave them a 2nd try. Had the catfish, hot wings and cheese sticks. Catfish was really good. Picked seasonings I would use, was very tasty. Hot wings were perfect. Hubby had most of them..will def have to order more next time. Will be back..
Had the spicy garlic wings and mozzarella sticks. I was shortened on my wings, paid for a 10 piece, and I only got 9. The sauce is more oily than traditional sauces. The mozzarella sticks were over cooked, and all of the cheese spilled out of the breading. Even if they were cooked correctly, wouldn't recommend them. Your marinara sauce will come cold, I was told it's because it's canned and can't be kept warm, because they don't sell a lot of it. I was offered a free replacement to fix my order, but I never went back. Just didn't want to unfortunately.
well i just called to place a to-go order and was turned away because they stop taking orders at 8:30, even though i called right on the dot.... they dont close for another half hour... THAT already put a bad taste in my mouth.. so much for a new place in the area...THANKS BUT NO THANK!
These wings are great! I had the honey heaven flavor with fries and a mixed koolaid.  Everything was delicious. The place was clean and the staff was very friendly. Thank you wing heaven for a great experience.
I was encouraged to return to this location by management. And I'm thankful for the invite to return. This chicken is good. This fish is better! The fries are even best. This place got another star out of me. The spices they use are unexpectedly good. I will return again today and I'm looking forward to the crunchy spicy goodness that's slap yo mama goodness!
Best chicken wings I've ever had!  The experience was great too.  We were greeted with a smile and were asked if it was our first time there.  The owner, cant remember his name, told us not to order anything until we tried the chicken wings.  He cooked two chicken wings and let us make the decision if we wanted to eat there or not.  Of course they were amazing, and we did.  Try this place out, you wont be dissapointed!!
Not sure I am a fan, but it was nice to have food delivered so I did not have to venture out into the 114 degree heat here in Sun City, AZ.  

Ours was a small order as eating a low-sodium diet is our challenge right now.  It was hard to find items low in sodium, but it all worked out for this time.  Would love to see "broiled or broasted chicken" placed on the menu at some point.  

Was impressed by the timely delivery.  Cost was reasonable except the $2.79 for a 2-liter bottle of Sprite -- that was a bit high.  But, again, I didn't have to venture out into the heat, so I won't complain.  After all, I could have elected not to order it.  

The thin crust, gluten-free, with veggies was at 380mg sodium for a 1/8 section of a medium sized pizza.  The gluten-free crust is made with Water, Modified Rice Starch, Rice Flour, Brown Rice Flour, Potato Starch, Olive Oil, Potato Flour, Evaporated Cane Sugar, Fresh Yeast, Honey, Avicel, Salt, Calcium Propionate. There was no way to leave out the salt in the crust, so a 1/8 section was all that could be consumed, which is okay because we had prepared a nice home salad and raw pasta cooked in water flavored with extra virgin olive oil.  

Made for an okay meal.  

I do, however, plan to visit the shop on 99th Avenue in person, before I order again.  I want to speak with the manager and see if there are any suggestions for getting the sodium level even lower on our next home delivery order.  Also like to see what type of environment our food is coming from.  

Hope this review is helpful to others that are having special diet concerns, but don't care to venture out into the extreme heat in the Phoenix area.
First things first, don't order from here. The service is just as bad as the food. Okay, maaaybe a little bit worse. 

Im not sure if they still have the same crew working there or not but Daisia, the girl who answered the phone, should work somewhere else or go to a Customer Service class. I called and she answered with "Can I put you on hold?" then didnt wait, just put me on hold. A couple minutes later she took my order like she has waaay better things to do and completely disregarded my request to get a phone call when the delivery man was outside my door instead of a knock. Of course the delivery man came to my door and knocked loud enough to wake everyone up and get my dogs to bark up a storm. He said he wasn't told to call and then slammed my screen door. So I called the store again and miss Daisia answered with her 'hold' greeting and when I asked to speak to a supervisor, he apologized and said there was "nothing he could do". I hung up and proceeded to just eat my food and put it all behind me. But the bread was still VERY doughy and the pasta was so hard, it was crunchy. I threw that crap away. I made sure to get my refund but wow, you guys suck!

I tried giving them a second chance but the food came out just the same and the daytime manager was rude enough for me to write my first bad review on here. Apparently all the breadbowls come out doughy unless you call to let them know you want it cooked all the way through. Maybe if I order wings they'll deliver a dead chicken and tell me I shouldve called to have it cooked instead.
I know, I know, it's a fast food restaurant that pretty much only sells chicken and has lately been under fire for the beliefs of it's owner... I know, and thankfully however, I don't care. When one of the sweetest and most excited people I run across all day is a teen-aged girl working at a fast food place, I know they are doing something very well. I'm happy to have this Chick-fil-A move into my neighborhood replacing an ugly older burger place, the building is modern and bright with an eye catching design to it. The In-N-Out of the chicken world, Chick-fil-A is as good as it gets quality-wise for fast food, I've had a few things on the menu and they've all been tasty, and they have without question the best fast food breakfast lineup. I don't eat this stuff too often, but I'm sure glad to have this as another option for myself and the rest of Tempe.
It's typical.... it's a new location. It's really easy to get to from work for lunch. ..I really liked the service and the food was good tasting. If you have ever eaten at any other location you know what to expect. ..I have to visit in a few weeks when is no longer new. ...Look for an update eventually.
CFA FIRST 100 EVENT!

Well congrats to the operator and his staff on this wonderful location and beautifully crafted store! It's large and I know it will be very prosperous! AZU is down the street and just so excited to be one of the lucky 100 to make it into this event! 

What can I say! The quality of food is at it's top par! Great service at all CFA's that you think to yourself, "Am I at a fast food restaurant or at a sit down dinner?" If you have never been or eaten at any CFA, you are missing a great experience! 

BREAKFAST: CLASSIC Chick-fil-a biscuit: warm and flaky bread with the right amount of chicken deliciousness. Add honey or jam and it is a 10 ++!! Ok maybe slightly exaggerated. But overall it will not disappoint. 

LUNCH: 3 Piece chicken strips: I personally like them well done, but they have a different flavor then the nuggets!  I get full of of them alone without the fries... Surprise surprise. Great bang for your cash to get full. ( wish there was a spicy form of this item. O . o )

DINNER: SPICY chicken sandwich with fries: I ordered the sandwich and fries well done protein style. ( I rather eat the fries instead of the bun, less calories). So yummy and with CFA sauce, Texas Pete and ketchup is just to die for! Must mix all three. Sounds weird but don't knock it till you try it! 

DESSERT: Chocolate cookie: It was so yummy. They have out ice dream as well but I was too cold to eat it! 

Great experience can't wait to head back out there! GO ASU!
love it! Great place for lunch.
The best fast food chicken you can't get anywhere else.
Husband and I are still recovering from a severe case of food poisoning. We had chicken nuggets and chicken strips at noon on 12/31, by 6 we felt bad, by 7 violently ill and by 8 I was in urgent care. The doctor confirmed food poisoning and that it was from this restaurant. 

After the fact I looked up their last health inspection report and it is shockingly bad. Employees are not washing hands, chicken is not being held at safe temperatures and old chicken is being served. We're lucky we avoided salmonella. According to the report they are not participating in grading, however if they were this report would give them a D for 4 priority violations. Why the health department didn't do more at the time of this report is a bit baffling.

http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=inspectionResultsDrillDownAA&permit=FD-30053&business=Chick-Fil-A&address=25%20W%20University%20Dr&insp_id=3508009

I hope that this review saves others from getting ill and encourages the management to properly train their staff and follow safe food handling guidelines.
A great new addition to ASU's neighborhood! This location is new, very clean and kinda stylish even. There is a neat little patio outside that would be a great spot for lunch with friends or even a short business meeting. Inside there are many seating options and it's a decent size, probably able to handle a crowd after a football game or night out on Mill Avenue. I love Chick-fil-A! Just pray and wish and hope you don't crave this delicious fried chicken snack on a Sunday!
Always loved Chik Fil A but their locations were sparce. Good to have one here by ASU. The store looks really nice and modern!

Got some mailings in the mail for free breakfast sandwich and I came to check it out. It was awesome. Chicken was crispy and tender and the English muffin they used as a bun was so soft. 

If you like Chik Fil A, well, there's another location for you. Enjoy!
Thanks allegra f but I believe that all restaurants are monitored... How was YOUR experience? It's a nice location, friendly service, nice outdoor seating and easier parking than places on mill.  Glad it's here finally
The staff here is VERY friendly! It's always a pleasure to hear them say, "My pleasure!" Restaurant is always clean and the decor has a new-age style. Food is ALWAYS amazing! One time I ordered extra pickles on my number one and they didn't give me extra pickles. I called the store and spoke to management. They apologized and offered to send me coupons in the mail for my troubles. I received those coupons within a week with a hand written letter from John, the office supervisor, apologizing for forgetting the extra pickles. I was blown away by their excellent customer service! I will definitely return in the near future!
Love it, LOVE IT. Chick Fil A is where its at, great food, great customer service.  Can't be beat.
I like this location because they always give my dog treats when she rides in the drive-thru lane with me.  And I feel like the employees have been well-trained and are friendly and polite.
Great chicken at this location. The spicy chicken sandwich is awesome and so are the nuggets. All of the sauces are also delicious and accommodate the chicken very well. My personal favorites have got to be the Polynesian and buffalo. Also the buttermilk ranch is on point. Enjoy your next visit with a refreshing lemonade. God bless
This Chik Fil A is on my way to work and I've tried them for both breakfast and lunch now. I've been happy with the food, completely satisfied with the service, and enjoy the ambience of this place.
U love spicy food and chciken...u gonna love this spot...
Never thought to get fried chicken korean style! Bomb! A must have is the chicken with the Korean sauce on it.
Now you can have the best korean style chicken in vegas! This place has real good food not only chicken but also delicious dessert!!
This chicken place is the bomb! The original sauce is great and the hot sauce was good too. The chicken wing batter was nicely seasoned and cooked well.
I'll keep this short and to the point. I just had bad turkey a few days ago = food poisoning. Came here out of curiosity since I was in the area. I looked at the menu...and saw raw chicken sitting on the counter. GROSS! I don't need another bout of food poisoning so I left. Obviously, the 5-star reviews here are fake. Hide your kids!
Love this place! Been waiting for a Korean chicken restaurant to come to vegas! Well worth the wait.
I ordered Chicken Katsu from Han's Chicken Saturday evening. My family ordered from another establishment a couple minutes before. Their food arrived and was consumed. They were done for almost 10 minutes before my food even came out.

While waiting, I saw a tank top wearing dishwasher spending a lot of time in the Han's Chicken kitchen, there is no way this is sanitary.

My food finally came out... what a disappointment. First of all, I requested no cabbage salad with the meal. I specifically asked for chicken and rice, only. They couldn't even get that simple request handled. Next, I ordered Chicken katsu. Katsu sauce is a ketchup based sauce. I received fried chicken with brown gravy. Their menu states a special sauce, not a gravy. If they gave clear descriptions of what the food offerings are, I could have saved $10 and not ordered food. The gravy is funky tasting and was not appetizing. 

Won't be eating there again, unless I feel adventurous and try one of their pizzas.
I was at the Greenland foodcourt and wanted to try all the spots here since they're all new vendors. I figured I'd start on the right most, and just work my way stall by stall. Now I'm glad I didn't read the reviews before eating or I may have skipped it. 

I got the Korean chicken nugget meal with green onion which comes with miso soup, cabbage salad, white radish, rice. It was a pretty good portion, more than enough. 

The chicken was crispy and didn't get soggy with the sauce, even when I took it home. I chose the soy garlic sauce and it's like kalbi or hawaii soy glaze which was decent, but needed more garlic flavor. There were chunks of sweet potato mixed into the chicken nuggets as well and green onion on the side. It didn't say anywhere it's garnished with sesame seeds and crushed peanuts so if you have a allergy to nuts, you may want to tell them.The white radish was fine, miso is standard, cabbage was fine but they put thousand island which is sort've sweet and I didn't like. 

It took a while to get my food, but I guess I rather it be fresh and made to order than refried frozen nuggets. I would probably eat here again but stick with these nuggets or wings.
Not very spectacular.  Basically just another place to get a bite.

Located in the food court at Greenland (AKA 'Koreatown'), Han's Chicken is a little restaurant serving Korean & Asian fare.  We were just done shopping and were hungry for some dinner but too lazy to think about where to go, we just plopped ourselves down at the food court and decided from there.  Reason we went with Han's Chicken was because of their daily special.  That day they had an actual 'Loco Moco' on deal for $6.95.  Really?  Han's serving some Hawaiian delicacies?  Reluctant to try, I gave in cause the price was right.  The other daily special was Curry Rice with vegetables for $6.95 as well.  We got an order of this too.  After a 15 minute wait our entrees arrived to our table.

Eh...not too special looking.  In fact, on their big, pretty plates our food looked like small portions.  Lots of empty space with our dishes.  Each entrée came with a tiny bowl of 'salad' (basically cut up iceberg lettuce, cabbage and carrots) topped with a light 1000-Island-ish dressing.  This was ok, similar to something you get in a fancy sushi restaurant when you get a side salad.  

Han's Loco Moco was pretty similar to what you see at other local Hawaii joints that serve the same dish.  Hamburger patty, topped with a fried egg, covered in gravy, accompanied with white Calrose rice.  Han's hamburger patty I'm pretty sure was the pre-shaped kind you buy from the warehouse store in bulk, but it was pretty big, about a 1/2 pound I think.  But it was overcooked.  The patty wasn't pink in the middle at all, lending to it being on the dry side.  My fried egg was overcooked as well!  Big no-no.  The egg should still be yolky in the middle so when you break it the egg oozes over your hamburger patty and mixes with the gravy to make a good sauce!  Cooked yolk in the middle makes me a sad camper.  The gravy was probably the powdered kind, little to leave in flavor and substance.  Pretty bland and not much of it.  The little mushrooms looked almost like garnish.  This Loco Moco needed some help, but it was eaten by us anyway since we were hungry.

The Curry Rice wasn't much better.  Basically a big plate, a thin layer of curry with vegetables, topped with a bowl of rice.  The curry wasn't the greatest, not full of deep all-day simmering flavor.  It was likely from the box, as it was on the salty side.  The veggies in it didn't add much to the party, mostly some cut up carrots, celery, and potatoes.  But damn, there were a crapload of onion pieces!  Big chunks of onion.  Now I love onions, but the curry was just swimming with them.  For having no meat in this curry, the onions were overwhelming.  Not my favorite.

Overall a disappointing meal.  I think if we do have Han's Chicken again we will go for their specialty, chicken...and possibly their signature Korean Chicken Wings.  Should have done it this time around!  Lesson learned.
This establishment opened on 11/25/13. 

The exterior and interior of the building has been completely remodeled and does not remind you of its 2 previous predecessors.  Look like there will be outdoor seating come spring time if not sooner depending on weather.

The food and service was A+!!  Lots of TVs present to keep you entertained w/ sporting events while you enjoy your wings and beer.

This establishment is off to a good start.  Keep up the good work this place should be around for the long term!
Been waiting for months for this to open. Lots of wasted space. Guy bartenders are a stick in the mud on Sunday football. No personality st all And  no buzz time trivia? Big Guys next door has better wings. All in all just another bar
I'm basing my review of my visit.  I've been a big fan of the wings at Native from their Chandler location and Bell Rd. off the 17.  I was so excited to see they were opening one up right down the street from me.  

When I called my order in, i could tell the girl on the other end was new.  So I made sure to say everything slowly and precise.  She then told me she was writing the order down and will put it in the computer after the manager was done with something. 

I walked in and they couldn't find my order right away.  They found it written on a tablet next to the register.  Luckily it was only a few minutes and my wings were ready to go.

Once I got home I opened them all excited to eat my favorite juiciest greasiest yummy Asiago Parmesan wings.  Sadly though... it looked as if they just grabbed some wings that just got done and dusted the Parmesan on them.  I actually had to use the ranch dressing..(something I never do with those wings).  I'm used to the wings being super dripping with (i know it sounds gross) grease and oil from the asiago and the Parmesan is all clumped up and coated all over.  

They weren't like this at all.. I had plain wings with a little Parmesan on them. 

:(
I just stopped in to check out The Native since it's so close to my house. (conveniently located at the southwest corner of Tatum & Bell next to Wangs & Rubios).  This place is very modern looking and much trendier than a Native New Yorker,  loaded with plenty of HD TV's so you won't have to worry about getting a seat with a nice view of the game. They have 12 beers on tap a decent selection of liquor and even a small selection of wine for the ladies. The food is good, I recommend the traditional wings since you can get them grilled or fried. The boneless are okay but I prefer them with a dry rub seasoning,  I just wish they had more than three (dry rub) flavors. The burgers are good but not the best thing in the menu so try a yummy pizza or something else that looks appetizing... you really can't go wrong! The #1 reason I will be back though is the service, Alexa is phenomenal and will soon be running this place if she sticks with it a couple years. She's just a bar-back right now but she clearly pulls all of the weight fur the crew, she chats with everyone and never screws up an order, you can tell she really cares that you're having a great experience. If the management reads this review you better give this girl a raise because you can't afford to lose her!
Thought I'd never give a chain 5-stars but here it is! The server is probably what made all the difference. He was extremely knowledgeable about the craft beer selection and menu. He was always excited and made sure we had everything we needed (even too much ranch, dare I say it). We went on a Tuesday for cheap wing night and they sure don't skimp. The wings were nice and meaty and I loved being able to try all the flavors I wanted without over ordering. My group also split a pizza which came out surprisingly tasty for the cheap price. They could use a little more decorations but I will overlook that since they just opened!
I live around the corner from this restaurant, and was excited for its opening. My wife and I recently tried it, and were very disappointed. The service was terrible, our server wasn't friendly and kept us waiting to order when he only had 2  other tables.  Since it was very slow that day, all the servers were just standing around staring at the patrons. We ordered wings and they were terrible. I heard the wings were very good at Native, so we were not happy after trying them. We won't be coming back here. I give this location about 6 months before it closes, just like the prevoius restaurants before them.
Watched ASU get pummeled by Stanford here on our first visit. Impressive t.v. layout! Every direction you look there is a good viewing angle. 
Enjoyed great friendly service on a very busy night. Course, we had some wings and they definitely know what they are doing. Salt and pepper version reminded of us KFC chicken...

Glad there is a great sports bar close!
Noticed this Native opened about month ago and tried it out late afternoon.  Was not busy when we entered yet for some reason, the music was set at college club loud level.  It was turned down after we asked yet not sure why this was noticed before. 
The food was typical chain restaurant fair with just some differences noticed throughout the menu. Nothing memorable.
We shared a few apps , a salad and with one bottle of beer, the bill with tip was about $40. Not expensive yet not a deal.
Not sure if I would go back and this place is in a location that has had consistent turnover over the years, so good luck.
I have been waiting for Native New Yorker to open at this location for a while.  I had never been there and i heard that their wings were famous.  The waitress was very friendly and efficient.  The food took a bit long to come to the table but the wings were worth waiting for.  The two other people that I were with ordered a meatball sandwich.  The meatballs were ice cold.  So we told the waitress and she said they would make a new sandwich.  They said it would take about seven minutes.  They were way off.  It took about twenty minutes!!  The new sandwiches still had cold meatballs!!  I think it should have been right the first time it was fixed, but twice!!!?  So we told them just to heat up this one and not make a new one knowing that would probably bee another twenty minutes.  They put it in the microwave and the meatballs were finally hot!!  The manager came over and apologized and took it off the bill.  Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.
Do not be confused by the name.  This is a Native New Yorker restaurant/sports bar.  It's a brand new set up, and must be part of their attempt to rebrand and upgrade their look..  TV's all over the place.  Wings, pizza, burgers.  What Native is famous for.  Great place to watch the games.  
Had a burger and fries.  Good.  Only complaint:  the ventilation system wasn't on all the time and seemed to come on full blast with AC.  So you'd freeze for a while and then it would go off.  This is the winter (right now).  So I can imagine it will be a great cool place in the AZ summer.  But ladies, bring a hoodie for when the AC comes on!
I'm going to preface by saying that the staff is really awesome.  Hostess was sweet, our server Courtney was wonderful and a manager came out and checked on us.

But the food is so gross.  Not gross like in a McDonald's sort of way, but just bland, blah, whatever.  We went for a happy hour and they offer "$2 off" type of things, not set prices like $5 for this, this and this, etc.  Know what I mean?  Just wasn't my thing and I won't go back to spend money on food.
Clean, quiet, very nice staff, good burger and fries. Middle of the day, so I didn't check out the beer selection, however I did see several taps. Lots of TV's! Not a bad spot in the bar. Not a very big place, compared to competitors, but decent.
Overall disappointing.  Went about a month ago. One step above Peter Piper.  Atmosphere was boring.  Food for all 4 was marginal and over-priced.  Lettuce was brown and limp.  Asian chicken salad was over wrought with fruit and only 2 very small slivers of chicken.  Chicken pot pie had no chicken and was cold on the inside. BBQ sliders were super salty and room temp.  We were there about 7:00 pm on a Wednesday night.  Not busy.  Even though in my neighborhood, definitely won't go back.
Saw this location turn a couple different restaurants. Great to see this place packed on a Friday night. Suns and Coyotes games on   TVs everywhere you walk. I was very impressed with all the tvs. Not a bad seat in the house if you like sports. Wings were great. Service was exceptional.  Treated us like we were the only ones here on a busy night.  Very happy.  No complaints.  Will definitely be back!
Yeah, so this was pretty good. I was somewhat skeptical after reading the negative reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised. We came in on a Sunday night and it was very quiet. Really surprised at how slow it was. My husband and I got the 3 for $20 deal, and got the chicken flatbread for an appetizer and it was just swimming in cheese. A little too much for me tasted good. I got the Asian Chicken Salad and it was great! The lettuce was fresh, and plentiful. Hubby got a burger and was happy with it. My F-I-L got the reuben and seemed to like it. Bro-In-Law got a pizza off the 3 for $10 menu and it looked a little piddly to me. We then got the cookie and ice cream dessert and it was just like a pizzookie - soooo good!! Overall a pretty good deal especially if you do the 3 for $20 deal (1 appetizer and 2 entrees).
Visited shortly after they opened after weeks of driving pass the coming soon sign. Really had high hopes for them since they are located near my home. Before going we joked that this location is probably cursed since it seems to be a different restaurant every few months.  

Needless to say I was not impressed. My husband ordered wings which were ok but not enough to save the meal. I ordered a salad and asked for chicken to be added to salad. Food came out fast but the chicken was left off the salad. When we were finally able to flag down our waitress who dropped our food and never looked back we asked for the additional charge to be taken off our bill. We were told the kitchen just forgot to add the chicken and she would bring it out. She did return with chicken that was so undercooked it was still pink in the middle. 

We had to ask another waiter for the manager who did come and apologize and didn't charge us for adding the chicken to the salad but that was it. 

We never received refills on our drinks and our waitress was MIA for duration of our meal. 

Hopefully now that they have been open for awhile they have been able to work out some of their issues but we will just wait for the Buffalo Wild Wings to open.
We have been to this place once more since I started this review. 
The first time we went there because I received a birthday coupon ($9 dll or so) Our server Jnevi (sorry if I didn't spell it right... I lost my receipt) took really good care of us. Second time we were there our server Carlee was also very nice. They really seem to go the extra mile, I hope is always like that.

I like the parmesan regular wings, and hubby like the Asian boneless (not wings if you ask me : P)
We also had the super spicy ones, once the strippers and the second time the boneless.
I also like their ranch. 
Both times we sat at the dining area.
This location opened a short time ago and we've been twice now.  The first trip was right after they opened up and the second visit was over the past weekend.  

They have a varied menu, with wings obviously being at the forefront. The menu offers 3 versions to choose from - tenders, regular, and boneless.  I recommend doing the traditional wings on your first visit, and here is why - the traditional wings can be ordered in any quantity with any flavoring! So if you want 5 parmesan and 3 salt and vinegar and 3 sweet bbq, you can do that with this option.  The other wings have minimum order quantities to vary the flavoring.

So far I'd say the Parmesan option is our favorite flavor, but the Honey BBQ is a great choice also.  The Salt & Vinegar was too coated in the dry run, and was actually way too salty for us.  We've also tried the Asian Garlic (good) and Pineapple Teriyaki (okay).

There are a lot more menu options we want to give a go around on subsequent visits; may even try the Native Triple for $20 so we can try out various things.  

Overall: B+
Definitely some wing flavor options that are better than others, but there are a lot of options that should please any wing fan!  Servers have always been nice, pricing isn't bad and place is always clean and inviting.
Native New Yorker is now open close to my home and I am excited. We stopped in to use my birthday reward and I realized that this was the first time my husband had ever visited Native with me. I usually go to the Tempe location close to my job and that place is always packed after work. This new location on Bell Rd & Tatum is very large and  roomy you can sit on the dining side or the bar side or outside on the patio. There are all sorts of seating options include single tables to large group booths.

They have a lot of flat screen TVs through out the place so you will never miss the game or whatever event you are looking for. This location does happy hour all day every day and wing specials on Tues., Wed, and Thurs. I had the California Burger which I enjoyed. My Husband had the Buffalo Chicken pizza and he loved it. I saw a sign up advising that they offer free team trivia Saturday nights starting at 9pm. Service was excellent and this location is nice and clean; we will be frequent customers since we now have a Native in the area.
I got 3 simple words for you people......BUFFALO CHICKEN PIZZA......simply the best I have ever had. Seems all the Navtive New Yorker establishments are now being called Navtive grill and wings. I had heard this place was famous for it's wings and pizza but I had never visited any Native until a few days ago. The menu is loaded....plenty to choose from......something for everyone. However as I mentioned in the beginning the BUFFALO CHICKEN PIZZA  is not to be missed people. This particular location is very large.....clean.....and has TV's EVERYWHERE.....not just near the Bar. It's not a Buffalo Wild Wings.....but in some ways I think it is actually better. Why I don't drink it has an awesome BAR scene and plenty of outdoor seating. It is in a unusual location.....with a Wal-Mart......sprinkler store......Wendy's.....Subway....bike shop.....Starbucks and consignment store all in the same little "strip"mall area. There is a huge Apartment complex right across the street and I think because of that this Native will really thrive not to mention it is near the intersection of Tatum and Bell here in the Valley of Phoenix Arizona. So if your looking for some very good food.....drink....and active atmosphere.....give Native Grill and Wings a shot. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
Now just called "Native", not sure why they changed it to that,  kind weird.  The shrimp pizza is the best!  Their wings are very good too, so enjoy a nice cold beer,  watch the game and have some good pizza.  The staff here are friendly and attentive.  Always friendly.  Desserts are Ok,  nothing to rave about.  Stick with the pizza wings and beer!
This is a newer spot in the area and seems to be picking up in popularity as it finds its niche.  The first time we went, there seemed to be a few hang ups, but we went during the opening week, so that's to be expected.  A few more times visiting this place and they seem to have things in full gear now. 

They have a variety of flavors, and if you get the traditional wings, you can choose any amount of wings you want in any flavor you want them in - so I recommend doing this the first go round so you can find the flavors you enjoy without ordering a ton and not liking it.

We ordered four or five flavors the first time around and were able to narrow down to a couple we really enjoyed and we order those now - garlic parm and the salt & vinegar.  The BBQ wings are decent, but not a favorite of mine. They have weekly specials, so be sure to check those out if you want an even better deal on the food.
I really wished when this place opened that it would be great! I mean, everyone likes wings and they have other restaurants in the valley! The addition of the main bar and grill in the area going out of business......aka big guys......had to help the opening! Unfortunately , the wings aren't that good.  We've been there 10 times.......giving it the , more than enough times to shine through, and it is a big miss! The pizza is the best thing we have had!  Sooo. many sauces and rubs and they all are kind of a miss!    Tried the strips, boneless and traditional wings and.......sorry, not impressed!   There is one thing I like there!    It's the tv's......great for a game!    Eat before you go or just get drunk there!   Step up your game please!  I want my neighborhood bar back! Lost it with big guys!  DO Something!
There are two locations with a little bit different names on Yelp, but they are the same place, so I'll review them both! Been here a few times and haven't had a bad experience to date.  

Tuesday - $0.59 traditional wing night
Wednesday - boneless wing special night (1/2 pound = $5.49, 1 pound = $8.49)
Thursday - stripper wing / tender special night (1/2 pound = $4.99, 1 pound = $6.99)

The most recent visit we made was on Thursday and we gave the stripper tenders a go. You can half and half any order of the strippers - meaning you can get half one flavor, half another for any order.  We did the full pound with half hone BBQ and half Parmesan Asiago.  Then we ordered a smaller half pound with the Spicy BBQ Ranch dry rub (the Mrs. doesn't like spicy, so this was just a side order for me).

All of them were tasty and we had tots on the side.  I would definitely argue that we ordered too much this time, but it was worth trying it all out and we were able to box up and take home the leftovers.  

Servers are always welcoming here and quick to get the food out.  You can sit in the regular dining area, the lounge / bar area with high-top tables, or the outside patio seating.  All are good options depending on what you are looking for in the experience.  Inside dining has TVs from almost every vantage point, so if there is a game on you want to see, you can most likely do it here.  The lounge / bar area is similar except it has more of the adult, game watching, no-kid crowd.  The outside patio doesn't really have good TV viewing, so you'll find more people here that are just looking to relax and enjoy the food and drinks.

You can't go wrong with this place even if you aren't a wing fan.  They even offer up spaghetti & meatballs or chicken pot pie for those who want a more substantial meal deal.  Give 'em a go and let me know what YOU think!
Did take out for a pepperoni pizza last week.

Wasn't the best pizza I have ever had but I wasn't disappointed. Will likely try a sandwich or wings next time.
Well, this is now our favorite place for wings.

My favorites are asiago parmesan, and hubby's were suicide (they are not even that hot, though..) and asian garlic (this are sweet).
But now we have new favorites, the chile ancho lemon and lemon pepper. They are both dry rubs and we tried them today.
This time service was good, but not awesome.
This place has been open about 4 months been back about 3 times with the family and   My husband got take out once the food is great your all American food great burgers and chicken strips are awesome the wings are   Amazing   The decor is so blah it's has lots of TVs but who was the design of the place not so good very very plain. But the food is great and that the important part . Can't wait to go back
I love the wings but the service is atrocious, I come here every week and every time I'm shocked by the lack of management and disregard for basic customer service. If you come here DO NOT I repeat, DO NOT make plans for after. You will be here for a while.
The best thing about this place is that when they  piss you off, B-Dubs and Wolfley's are both less than 5 miles away.  

A lot of people talked about the experience on 4/22 (45 minutes+ for dinner to be served). However, we were offered $30 towards our next visit.  Please read our follow up email that we sent to the manager.

We came here tonight to take you up on your offer. My girlfriend ordered 3 different drinks that were out of stock.  Our waiter forgot about our appetizer.  I know this because when he delivered our wings and I asked about it, he had a panicked look on his face and said "Let me check on that" and then had someone else bring it over 15 minutes later.  Finally, my girlfriend's lemon pepper wings were DRENCHED in salt (she uses more salt than anyone I've ever met so for her to say something's too salty really is troublesome). My girlfriend asked to see the manager to tell him of our experience this time. He said, "It is at least better than last week."  Well, since I actually got SOME of my food, than technically I guess he's right. However, this email is to tell you that you can keep the $30, we are officially done. As the old saying goes, "Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me."
This was my first time here. I ordered an appetizer first,  which was the blanco queso dip with shredded pork and chips.  This dish was very good. Truly recommend this dish. I ordered the wings because that is what thier name is. I ordered black pepper wings and the honey bbq. I wasn't impressed with the wings. They seemed too dehydrated. Not much meat on them. Liked the dip way better than the wings. Had a raspberry lemonade.  Love those always. Only giving it 2 stars cause I loved the dip.
So initially when a friend and I drove up...I was pissed because I was looking for my favorite restaurant,  Native New Yorker lmbo...low and behold I'd found the fem I was looking for. (Still unclear about the name though) Anyways it was really busy because it was the NFL championship game. We were seated pretty quick at the bar, but it took a while for us to order because the bartender had to take orders. She did great though to be so busy. I ordered wings of course and an alcoholic beverage and OMG the food was great and the Seahawkes won#winning :-)
Finally something in this location that seems to make sense.

There are lots of screens in the bar and patio access as well.

I like dry rub wings and it seems like they just keep adding flavors.

Service is a bit on the iffy side.
The Tatum and Bell location is run by a rude arrogant GM that has no respect for his employees or the fact that they have bills. They dump thousand of dollars of food everyday in the garbage or the managers eat it in front of employees that make 7.90$ an hour. The GM dictates who can pay their rent or not or who gets kicked out on the street because there full time job was just eliminated because the GM is a dirt bag and has NO marketing or advertising experience. On the opening weekend this guy held all the food in the kitchen because he wanted every dish to go out at the same time..once the food arrived at the tables it was nasty cold. People were leaving. The GM talks behind the employees back than two facing them the next day. The wings are not wings they are drummets saturated with breading. The GM one day insulted the new line cooks in front of Corporate employees visiting the restaurant, humiliating them. When asked if he can run the line he will boast about how he washed dishes before he became a manager. There is NOTHING NY about native NY. New York food does not taste like that people or is frozen including the bread. Don't eat there don't work there. They will work you for 7.90$ an hour and use every sorry ass excuse to say your not worth anymore. If you're in the community of Tatum and Bell do not let your children or family work there and tell your neighbors to stay away.
Not bad but not great. Had the hot wings, suicide, and ancho chili lime strips. 
Can get much better wings at numerous other locations. The sauces used were nothing short of a disappointment as suicide is hardly spicy, pretty much the medium for most other locations and I love my spicy wings. Not sure if it was just a new cook or bad batch or what, but not ordering wings if I happen to be a return customer.
The Native Strippers were well cooked and juicy but the dry rub was also nothing special. 
Good drink specials and our server was nice and decent in checking up on us. Location, overall look and feel of the restaurant is the only reason why I'm giving a 3rd star rating.
good for wings but I had one skinnyrita as the waitress said it was their one of favorites but i didn't like it that much.But it is ok and the location is nearer to me so i would love to go again for wings..:)
Not a newbie to Native - my wife and I love their Honey Hot naked wings!!  We like em crispy too.  This was our first time at this particular restaurant though.  Sunday night at 7:30; pretty quiet which is ok with us. We were greeted right away by the hostess and seated immediately too.     But the smell that greeted us was horrible!  Someone (Mgmnt - owner) needs to clean their grease traps a little more often.  The server, Troy,  was very attentive and the wings we had were perfectly cooked per our instructions (we're kinda picky...)  and the cookie with ice cream for desert was scrumpdillyicous!   We didnt linger though due to the smell.  I believe we will try this location again when we are in that area of the valley - but if it stinks the next time, we're outta there and we'll head to the one in Arrowhead!
Worse Dairy Queen EVER. Priced Higher than most DQs and horrible customer service. They NEVER get your order right then argue with you if you try to sort it out. The ice cream and hard shell dip is watered down and way overpriced
Slowest Dairy Queen EVER!!!! Seriously all I ordered was a regular sized orange julius and was in line for 25 mins! And this happens every time! They need to stop letting 16 -year-olds run their store! Now that Baskin-Robbins closed down, sadly this is the only place to get ice cream in this town.
If I could give zero stars I would. The slowest fast food place I've ever been to. It seems like no one knows what they're doing but complaining about orders and that they need a break. I don't know why I came back.
Worst Dairy Queen. They didn't know what butter pecan ice cream was. They also refused to sell a blizzard in a waffle cone like they advertise on TV. Long wait at the drive thru.
The reason for the deduction of a star is that their menu is still a work in process.  I ordered wings with hot sauce and the sauce had a very good buttery taste to it but not hot at all.  Suicide sauce was not listed as a option.  I ordered fries too, they're fresh made peel-on fries that had a good taste to them but under cooked.  The kitchen is open to the lobby and anyone with restaurant experience can tell that these guys are still learning how to run a kitchen.  They told me that they've been open for three weeks so far.  So with time I hope these guys become a well oiled machine!  Two of the three people working continually checked on us.  To this point I was not giving this place the rating I gave them or considering returning either.  What won me over about this place was the young lady behind the counter who I believe might be the owner came by to talk to us after the meal.  She truly wanted feedback on our experience which really shows she cares and wants to improve.  I brought up the "hot" sauce and was told that I should have told them to make the wings spicy.  If you offer a hot sauce it should have a bite to it without telling them I REALLY want hot sauce.  I'm not the normal consumer, I love extremely spicy food and these wings where weak so maybe a suicide sauce should be available without scaring away the 95% who does not want spicy to my liking.  My wife mentioned the soggy fries and was told that they are trying to figure out the fries and sauces. 

I will return and hope that they figure things out.  They by far are concerned of your experience so know that they'll get the menu down.  These guys should be given a chance to succeed!
Nothing too special. The smallest amount of wings is 15 which is fine, but only giving one small container of ranch isn't enough. Make sure you ask for 2-3. 

The French fries are not good. They were very oily and seemed old. The chicken tenders are like ones from the frozen section at the grocery store. 

Will give them another try for a different flavor of wings. I got the honey hot which is my usual wing flavor but they weren't anything special here. 

You can dine in or order to go. There was no one eating in when we went to pick up our order. 

I wasn't very impressed with the upkeep of the parking area. I know it isn't solely ATL Wings duty but maybe they need to notify someone of all the garage in their parking lot.
This place is not much to look at but the food is delicious!  They don't have a kids menu and the service is just ok but not bad.  This is our third visit and every time the food has been great.  The egg rolls are very tasty and not greasy.  The crab puffs are yummy but not a lot in them.  The potstickers are not my favorite but my husband liked them.  

We always get the orange chicken it's awesome, not too much breading and they give you lots of sauce!  My children love the sweet n sour chicken which is also lightly breaded and has lots of yummy sauce.  

We will be back!
We received a flyer/menu on our front door for this place so we decided to give it a shot! I am so glad we did. 

We ordered house lo mein, orange chicken, crab puffs and dumplings. We were told it would be delivered in 40 minutes. We heard the doorbell ring in no more than 30 minutes!

The food is awesome. I highly recommend both the lo mein and orange chicken. The crab puffs and dumplings are awesome as well! 

I would give it 5 stars, but one time we tried the mongolian beef and it was just a little bland. Try it out!
I had to change this to 5 stars; the quality is consistently awesome, and we never wait more than 20 minutes for our food to arrive when we ask for it to be delivered!
It's hard to make bad pizza, but Papa Sams makes bad pizza. You take a bite and the cheese slides off in a sheet of cheese. It almost like the cheese isn't even baked on there but microwaved? I tried it twice to see if maybe I got a bad pie, but they were both terrible. Chicago style? I think not.
I have lived in the area for a long time.  This place has the BEST pizza, I think it is the best in the area.  I will no longer be ordering from Hungry Howies or anywhere else around here.  Their Italian Beef is delicious too!
Since it changed from Sam's to Papa Sam's I have ordered them 3 times, 1 time we picked it up for lunch which was VERY GOOD, and two times for dinner delivered BOTH times it took forever and BOTH times the pizza looked like it had slid around in the back seat and it was cold and rubbery.....it's too bad the night shift sort of ruined the place for us!
The pizza just didn't taste that good. Other than that, I got two pizzas, one was overcooked - crust on bottom too hard and dry and cheese on top too brown. The other had a topping I didn't ask for, which probably doesn't sound that bad to most, but I find sausage disgusting and digging it out and loosing cheese is no fun. One of the pizzas was supposed to be "double cheese", but there was no difference in the amount of cheese between the two. ..... The service is not that great either, they were kinda rude on the phone.
I was born and raised in Chicago.  This place is the closest I have found to Chicago pizza.  Plus they have a broasted chicken that is out of this world!!  His Veal Parmesan is the best also!  I highly recommend this place for all the food.  I have not had a bad meal from here yet.  When this new owner took over, he was a bit slow in getting things going.  But now our food arrives in 35 minutes tops and is always great!!  Give this place  a try.  You will not regret it.
I wish I could give it more but the pizza just didn't live up to the billing.  

The Good:
Wings were very good and super hot on delivery.  Right amount of sauce and tried the honey hot which had just enough kick to match the flavor.  Ranch was below average and put in the container so it was warm when it arrived.  Prices are fair.  Online ordering available and decent specials.

The Bad:
The pizza had ample toppings, but the crust wasn't quite right.  It lacked flavor and crunch.  For a Chicago thin crust it was on the doughy side.  I've had better, more consistent from Rosatis (which their menu looks like a knock off of) and still prefer Half Moon Windy City to all others in Phoenix.  

We will probably try them again and see if it improves.
Grew up in Chicago and I have to say this is a quality pie. Crust is not too thin, plenty of toppings and an overall great taste. We have ordered several times and have no complaints - staff is very helpful and food was always hot and fresh!

Wings are meaty and crisp - garlic parmasian is excellent!

Pizza and wings specials are fantastic deals!

Give em a try!
I have seen this place change owners several times. The new owner, Jason, has stayed true to old man Sam's recipes. It's newly remodeled, the staff is super friendly and they have great food! I highly recommend this place!
Pizza - what's up with the dough? Not a fan of the crust at ALL.
We ordered two pizzas and got an order of wings.

We still have one and a half pizzas leftover.
The wings were pretty decent though!
The full open starts 1/27/14! We popped in today to try it out while they are still working out the kinks! I have to say service was fabulous! We got Misti who was extremely friendly! There was 3 in my party, 2 loved their meal... I am gluten free... so I am fairly limited in what I can eat there... I got the naked wings (no breading) I can't complain because well... what fun is a naked wing!?! Stupid me, next time I will try something else! I guess I figured if they offered it must be good... live & learn :o) I have to mention I LOVE their cups! Nice and big, ok... yea, I'm that weird :o) Glad to see another option in the area and more business in Surprise!
We were invited for the soft opening. We were sat immediately which was nice. The Chicken combo with medium, Asiago Parmesan and Strawberry hot. All were really good. The fish fry was really tasty and enjoyable. Meaty beast pizza was exactly what I expected, delicious. Clam Chowder was awful, much like glue, skip this for sure. Staff were friendly. A bit loud but that just tells you I'm old.
We enjoyed dinner tonight at the Native New Yorker very much! The restaurant just opened this week so there are some kinks in the service and the kitchen that need to be worked out but boy howdy the food was pretty darn good! It was served at the right temps, our drinks were kept fairly full, and the wait staff was falling all over each other to help. 

Because there was quite a crowd tonight, service was a bit slow. It took quite a while for our appetizers to come out and when we would ask our server to bring something to us, he would disappear...and only reappear when he had another reason to come back to our table or the others in his station. I realized that what he was trying to do was be efficient in his trips, but he did have a trainee with him who he could have delegated these things to so that we wouldn't be sitting and waiting for extra dressing or ketchup or silverware. It's a kink to be worked out tho.

Another issue I noticed was that the kitchen didn't make the dishes to specs. For example, on the menu the kids sliders indicated there would be cheese and pickles on the sliders. There were no pickles. My MILs salad was to include croutons and there were no croutons (and not NEARLY enough dressing either but that's another issue) That having been said...for kids sliders these were AWESOME! They aren't slider size tho--rather they are more like McDonalds cheeseburger size! They are pretty big for sliders. They are served on a pretzel bun too! I KNOW--fancy schmancy for kids sliders. But again...if you say on the menu that it comes with pickles..make sure you serve to specs. 

I had the skinny chicken lettuce wraps which were excellent. I thought it was interesting to serve on romaine versus iceberg lettuce but it worked itself out. My husband had fish and chips and really enjoyed. I LOVED how the coleslaw was made per order versus just made that day and left to sit and wilt. My son had a burger as well that was really great and my FIL had a calzone which he loved.

I will DEFINITELY be back to Native New Yorker. I think they did a very good job considering this is first week opening. I think (hope) it will only get better and not disappoint! They will be a nice addition to the middle of Surprise. :)
Stopped in for a second time and I must say I was not impressed. The restaurant is very clean and appealing to the eye but food is serious lacking. Last time I ordered the wings and absolutely loved them despite the length of time it took to finally get them. This time I decided to try something different so I ordered the BBQ pork sliders. Big mistake. There was not much pork inside and there was absolutely zero flavor to it. The food once again took quite some time and was luke warm. Shortly after eating  there I did not feel well and developed a bad stomach ache followed by a trip to the bathroom. Not sure if it was the sauce or if the pork was under cooked but, either way I won't be visiting this location for a long time if at all.
LUNCH TIME:
Brand new restaurant, so as far as cleanliness goes, it's great.  Our server spoke so fast we didn't catch her name, sweet girl,   Hostess pleasant but was sweeping the floor, (try a dry mop)  and did this several times, very near diners, not appetizing,  one thing we  didn't like was the prices.  We went at lunch time,  We had  2 sandwiches, 1 tea, and 1 water, and the baby chocolate bundt cake, (that cost as much as a full bundt cake from a chicken place) with tip it was near $33 for lunch.  This was very pricey for us.  While the food was good, what we got for the price was not.  Sadly this won't be a regular place for us to go.
Service was good, food was over-salted (not over seasoned because it lacked flavor). I attempted to come again bit they were charging for the super bowl as if they paid to stream it. prices are very steep in comparison to other wing places. $.85 a wing is unheard of, I'm used to paying 50 to 6 cents a wing.
OK changing my review. This was the sixth time and everything has worked out the wings are ehh but the atmosphere is great some of the servers are horrible but there are a few that are good.
Won't kid ya. Only had drinks and appetizers
 But Michelle took great care of us. Didn't hover but we never had to look for her. My taste of the wings were good. Would prefer more spice but only orders d honey barbeque. I would come back again soon. Ask for Michelle.
Took the family to dinner, along with some family friends on a Monday night. The place was slightly busy due to it being a fundraiser for the 100 club.  No wait, straight to our table. 

The menu was kinda large with a lot to pick from. The kids menu was basic, same items as most American food restaurants have for dinner. 

The wait for dinner was moderate. Once the entrees were delivered, the food was Luke warm. The kids portions were disappointing. The kids Mac and cheese (no side) came in a small gravy dish. The kids sliders okay, but again not very warm.  (We had to order an appetizer to fill the kids up since the portions were so small)

The wife and I ordered wings.  She had the strips while had I the traditional. The traditional wings were good, but cold. The strips were mostly fried batter and not much chicken. 

Our waitress was very tentative, but that went away after our entrees were brought to the table. We were sat near the soda fountain machine, so I had to get up and get my refills on two occasions. 

It's too bad....
Food was good but the service was bad. Waitress brought out my item but forgot to place the order for the other person with me. When she corrected her mistake the wrong item was brought out. Finally got the correct item but took it home. When we got the bill it was wrong. Got the one item free but the whole meal should of been free. First and last time. Too bad because the food was good.
service was as expected.  food was as expected as well.  we ordered an app of "loaded fries" which is a misnomer for sure.  they should have bacon on them and the two separate times we ordered them i would say they had a small sparse sprinkling of bacon bits scattered on top.  very sad.  what is it about places skimming on the bacon.  it's the greatest meat ever.  don't be cheap with it or don't advertise your food has bacon on it!

our server was very good and very attentive which compensated for the meh food
Went here before going across the street to see a movie. Both of us ordered salads w/chicken. Both salads were made with old brown iceberg lettuce and there was a lot of the core of the lettuce which was wilted and brown. No chicken in it either! Tried to wave our waitress over she saw me but kept walking by. Finally a manager saw me and came over to help us. He agreed they forgot to put the chicken on it he also agreed the lettuce was not up to par. He offered to remake them however at that point we had to leave to catch our movie. I will never go back there again. Place was clean, service ok but slow, food was awful!
Okay so I'm at work and my fiance and my friends went here, and got themselfs food and asked for mine to go....the waitress Missy took forever to get them their food and their drinks refilled, and she acted like she hated her job....if you don't like your job go somewhere else! My fiance asked for the New York Cookie Sundae I mean really this place is so pathetic they gave her a burnt as a crisp to where it was too hard to eat then the ice cream was put in a container, the picture comes with whipped cream, cherry and syrup, all she was given was ice cream and two burnt cookies! She spent $5 on cheap a** cookies we could have made at  home! She asked for my stuff to go and asked for ranch, she never got ranch, seriously how am I supposed to eat wings without ranch? She's lucky she got a tip with the Sh**** service they got I wouldn't have tipped a penny and I'm a server!  We had a party of 6 and all 6 of us are telling our friends how bad of an experience we had here.... Next time take care of your customers the first time, WE WILL NOT BE RETURNING unless we here this place has cleaned up it's act!
I want to like this place because it is near the house but the incredibly poor service makes that impossible.   With so many people out of work you would think they would be able to hire someone mildly competent.
We just got home from Native and we will more than likely not return. Food was sub-par & I'm not sure how to describe the service. We sat in the bar area & We ordered drinks from one waitress never to see her again. Then had 4-5 walk past us before one stopped to ask if we were being helped. She retrieved our drinks then never returned. Finally we ordered our food from a 3rd waitress who actually stuck around to bring our food to us. What we got were soggy unflavored wings, my wife got the worst Rueben she's ever had and my crispy chicken sandwich was over cooked to the point of jerky with veggies but no condiments on it making it even worse. When I removed the bun to apply ranch from the un-eatable wings there was a pool of grease on the lettuce under the chicken. A 4th waitress finally retrieved our check after asking 3 others to bring it. I know what your thinking its Saturday night and maybe too busy but the place wasn't busy at all. The bar seems like a free for all with no server coordination and makes for an irritating experience. Don't waste your time & money here.
So happy to have this back in surprise. Food is always great. Service is awesome. They have a great lunch menu that flows into happy hour during the week. They also give military discount and have a great mural for Luke Air Force Base in the bar. Ask for the beer if the month!!!
We ordered food to go last night and though we regularly eat at other Native locations this was the first time we were disappointed.  The garbage pizza was barely warm and didn't have very many toppings for being a loaded pizza.  The wedge salad had hardly any dressing on it, or bacon and blue cheese crumbles,and was the part of our order we had to wait for after arriving which may be why the pizza was cold.  The biggest disappointment though were the wings.  We ordered half honey BBQ and half mild traditional.  We weren't told that mild meant a butter sauce.  That is not traditional by any means.  When we got home and discovered how our order looked we called and the manager offered to make it right and said we should have been told what "mild" meant.  We are able to go in and have the wings and salad free on another occasion.  Too bad I didn't mention the pizza...

We spent $30 on a take out meal for 3 people and it was very disappointing.
Before I start, let me make it clear that this review applies to the Surprise location only.  According to my nephew, other locations he has been to are much better.

That being said...

My nephew was excited to share Native New Yorker with us on our visit to Arizona the weekend of April 11-14.  On Friday night the 11th, we came in to a moderately busy crowd.

We were seated in fairly short order, but ran in to our first snag when they initially refused to make a lower-cost swap on a special they were running.  I didn't care whether I was credited for the difference but my better half didn't like one of the options and wanted something LESS expensive.  I wouldn't even have minded an up-charge for the swap if needed but their flat refusal grated on me.  They did eventually decide that I could do it "just this once", but even that attitude didn't exactly encourage me to return.  It was very grudging.

However, one thing happened that would prevent me from ever even giving this location a second chance.  My nephew ordered a salad with chicken strips, and one of the strips was practially RAW.  I kid you not.  In 32 years of adulthood, I have never seen that.

They did take it back and tried to correct it, but even the correction was underdone.

To be fair, it was removed from the bill; however, the risk of food poisoning is not worth the $13 of that particular salad.

Apparently the manager of this location had just been replaced; I don't know if things have improved in the last two weeks.
The food is ok service has gotten better. Wings are not my favorite. I had a salad tonight and it was good.
I've been coming in about twice a week for the last two months. The cleanliness is outstanding, the food what is expected, and the service great depending on the person. Just wish they promoted holidays and sporting events a little more, because it would be a great place to hang with my buddies. If you are looking for a smile and quick polite service ask for Tori.
This place has a lot of good looking stuff but this place is known for wings but if your into hot wings wouldn't want to come here for these reasons but besides that there's a lot of great looking stuff
The only reason this place is getting three stars is because of the cleanliness of the restaurant and most of all the service. My family and I went in on mothers day, it seemed nice enough but i was skeptical because of the low review score on yelp. We ordered a couple of beers and a zucchini appetizer to start. It was hot and yummy. Our waitress Mackenzie(sp?) was very sweet and helpful. The problem is most definitely the kitchen. The Fish sliders i ordered were dry and mediocre ( The Irish wolfhounds are way better) but at least my order was hot. My fiancé ordered 15 wings and they were cold inside so we had to send them back, not to mention they are ridiculously small. My stepson ordered the buffalo nachos which came out lukewarm. We were pretty unhappy but the manager Matt quickly had the kitchen remake their food and comped us for their items plus gave us a free dessert. Our waitress handled the whole situation pretty well as well. Needles to say if i want delicious wings I will go to BWW. My fiancé and i will be back for a UFC fight or some other sports event and have a few beers and maybe some appetizers but so far the food is nothing to rave about. Native needs to either get better cooks or train them better.
Service just ok, food just ok! The atmosphere is cool just about average for the type of place it is. I have yet to be impressed by this location and it's unfortunate because I have been a big Native fan since back in 05. They have made some changes to the company that in my opinion have been for the worst but I haven't quite given up on them yet. They are still pretty good on the wings. HONEY HOTs and SPICY HONEY MUSTARD is where it's at! They have a few dry rubs that are good too! Just have to experiment.
Wow. Where do I start. We walked in 2 hours ago. All we wanted was beer and wings. It took an hour to get 2 of the 3 wings we order. Then after sending back the 3rd wings because they were cooked beyond anything you could eat. They took another hour. Just unreal at how a wing place could not make wings. I am so disappointed and will never come back. Beer and wings should not be so difficult.
We tried this place due to an on screen ad at Digiplex cinemas which is across the street from Native.  By bringing our ticket stubs we got a discount off our check of a little over $4 on a roughly $25 total, so I think it was 20%.  
We saw an early movie, so we went for lunch at about 1:30 pm.
The food was good, we got tator tots which came with 3 dipping sauces, BBQ, Ranch & Queso (which was really good).  Then we split the beef on weck & had chicken strips tossed in a spicy honey mustard sauce.  The sandwich was great, it came with au jus & horseradish on the side (but we love that). The strips could have been more wet in my opinion, but were of good quality & quantity (we had the 1/2lb size & that was plenty).  The only thing lacking was enough help.  We sat at the bar as that's usually where you get the best, most attentive help.  Unfortunately the girl was alone to serve the bar stools AND the tables in the bar area.  She seemed a little overwhelmed, but was friendly & did as best job possible considering.  
Overall, they have a standard wings/sandwich/wraps type menu with a few unique options.  Worth a try, but hopefully they can get more help in the bar area, it wasn't overly busy (about 1/2 full) so if they were busier, it could have been worse!
I just left this place... Barf! I can't believe I have to put 1 star down! It was that awful! The wings were 79¢ each and they were cold! Umm cold chicken wings, gross! I had a wedge sald and loaded fries with burnt bacon like so burnt it smelled Burt and made the whole dish taste burnt! WE WILL NEVER GO BACK!
The service was.  This was on a Wednesday night with only 3 people at the bar.  The boneless wings were disgusting and they are about the size of popcorn chicken.   I could have better wings frozen from a bag.  The beer was good.  I had the Goose Island IPA on tap.  Not enough choices of beer though.  Televisions were good.  They have lots of them.
Good wings! Nice group.  Wife and I like to go for lunch whenever we can get a break from our kids. Good addition to surprise.
This place is so disappointing. The food is underwhelming and actually pretty terrible. We have been there 3 different times hoping to like it but finally came to the conclusion that it's just not gonna happen. We were hoping it was going to be like the other Native New Yorker on Bell which we absolutely love. But it is NOTHING like it. How do they have the same name. Very confusing and disappointing.
The wings are the only thing to get from here. The kids meal was really greasy. The Friday fish fry was okay and so was the chowder. There was no extra seasoning on the zucchini fries either. Lots of tvs for catching the games which is great. Servers were very friendly but the food was just okay.
Native has become a regular place to eat and hang out for our family! The service is always awesome, especially in the bar area! The portion sizes are great, Always getting more than enough to eat! I strongly recommend the "2 for $20" menu, The beer is always cold, cocktails made to order, and wait time on food order is usually minimal! The restaurant has always been very clean ( bathrooms as well), and management is always willing and able to put current sporting events on the nearest TV! We love .35 cent Tuesday wing night!!!! If you sit in the bar area, make sure you ask for Matt, Michelle, Joy, John, or MacKenzie! You will not be disappointed with the great service you get from any of them! So excited to have another great restaurant in Surprise!
Great new local pizza spot coming soon to chandler
I had a flyer on my door when I got home and decided immediately that I would give Pizza on 87 a chance!  The pizza, garlic knots, and the fried zucchini were amazing!  I definitely suggest you give them a try! Very prompt delivery too!!
Is this place open? I called the number to place an order from 6-7 PM  today, a  Wednesday, an all I got was a voicemail. That is the only reason for my low rating, it has nothing to do with the food, obviously as I never had the chance to place an order. But, if all I receive is a voicemail, repeatedly, how am I able to get a true review.

I ended up ordering Domino's...Meh.
This is probably the best NY style pizza i've had outside of the east coast. My boyfriend's family of 10 came over and the only sensible option for a party that large is pizza, and this place is right down the street. We ordered it for delivery and it came promptly in 30 minutes like they said. Greasy, cheesy and it had a fluffy crust. Highly recommended. I will check out the actual restaurant next time I have a pizza craving!
Take it from a New Yorker....This place is GREAT!!!  The Big Azz slice is like two slices of goodness.  They have salads and garlic knots but it's the "back East" Pizza that's the star!!  Nothing like finding a little "slice" of home way out here!!  If you think you'll find better pizza FUGGEDABOUDIT!!!
Heard about a new spot on Arizona Ave, and had to try it.

Walking into Pizza on 87th, you are struck by two things. First, it is immaculately clean. The place shines. The second thing is that you SMELL amazing food. Think about it, when you walk into a huge pizza chain, you don't smell anything. At Pizza on 87th your nose is met with the great scents of garlic, oregano, basil- all floating through the air.

Pizza on 87th has a cool, industrial feel to it, there are pallets turned benches, and it's laid out nicely. Great customer service, the staff are friendly and provide great customer service.

The food is the star here, and the pizza and the deals are tough to beat. I bought a large pizza and order of garlic knots and it was just over $10. It's pretty clear that Pizza on 87th would rather have customers for life, than gouge you and you never return.

The pizza was very good, you could tell these guys know what they are doing, and use great ingredients. Fresh mozzarella, tasty pepperoni, and it is handled with care. One of the owners was telling me that they are working on having a really cozy patio, so large groups (in nice weather) can have their pizza and relax.

Give this place a shot, you won't be disappointed. Pizza on 87th is where classic pizza meets great prices and service.
Super greasy. Sadly I prefer dominoes. Over priced in my opinion as well.
Simply fantastic pizza, reasonably priced, incredibly friendly staff, and the garlic knots are brilliant. Pretty much a weekly staple for me.
The pizza was so good! HUGE, awesome cheesy slices and delicious crust.  I'm not normally a crust eater either, but I finished off whole slices. The sauce was very tasty as well.  I've probably eaten pizza from every pizza shop from Scottsdale to LA and this is one of the bests. (I've also lived in NE for 10 years so I feel I have some say in whats good in the pizza biz). Garlic knots were top notch! ;) Lastly, delivery was typical-30-45 mins but worth it!
Honestly the best pizza every by the slice is the way to go for lunch. Omg I'm n heaven.
Looks like I found me a new pizza spot.   Not only are the prices right but the pizza is amazing as well.   Very fast and super friendly service (for delivery).   Would highly recommend the garlic knots too they are delicious.   Do your self a favor and give this place a try you won't be disappointed.
Rebel pizza is a must kick it up a notch with bacon! The Victor and hamslaw sandwich are a must have. The bread is on point nice and warm with just the right amount of crunch! Both pack a mouth full of flavor multiple layers of flavors. You won't see all the original menu items from the original shop on on Desert inn & Arville. But a great way to shake up the menu. This location is family friendly kids are able to come in this location. Great chicken wings and fingers. For a new twist try the Italian wings or fingers. They also serve local beer a great way to support local companies
I love pizza! I'm also kind of a pizza snob. No chain pizza for me. I like the hole in wall family owned places, because those are the best!

We went on a Thursday night. It is located right behind the strip near the hard rock. 
Naked city's location is hard to find and kind of looks like office buildings but once you find it, it's not hard to miss.

We walked in and the staff seemed very friendly. The manager ( from the Arville location) was our server. She was friendly, and very helpful ordering.

We ordered a Wee sized Cheese pizza with Basil. It was amazing Super fresh, you can tell everything is made to order.
We also order poutine fries, these were yummy as well. The fries were hand cut, not the frozen freezer kind.

I definitely suggest this place. Will definitely visit again!!
Place was pretty good. I wasn't a huge fan of their style of pizza but I was a fan of the garlic buns and garlic fries. Both extremely delicious. The ranch was also top notch!
Went here on a spur of the moment decision and I'm glad I did. I should say first that I'm a thin, hand tossed pizza crust kind of guy. This was a little thicker than that and not something I would typically have ordered, but they make it work, mostly because of the quality ingredients, from the tangy sauce to the cheese to the toppings.
Few things: 
The half sheet is a huge square cut monster that'll feed a large family
The wings are awesome, enough by themselves to bring me back. 

I will definitely come back to try their sandwiches, especially the East coast standard beef on weck
Food is good. Portions are big. Service is great. What more can I ask for? I'll definitely be back! Oh and not exactly a deal breaker but they only have green olives! I've never heard of a pizza place that doesn't have black olives! Also love that they serve beer from the Ellis Island brewery!
Came for lunch early on Sunday morning and it didn't even look like it was open.  Had to check the door to even see because no other customers were around yet.  Glad we made sure though! We walked in and we we're warmly greeted right away.  We had are choice of anywhere we wanted to sit so we took a table in the middle of the room.  The only reason I'm giving them a 4 is because the tables were kinda uncomfortable other wise it's 5 all the way. We were with another couple and we both wanted different pizza toppings so they got a 1/4 sheet of the Rebel which had pepperoni, sausage, ham, salami, tomato and fresh basil while we had a 1/4 sheet of the chitown which was chunks of Italian beef, giardinare and roasted peppers, olive oil and oregano. We also got an order of wings with the Sicilian hot sauce on half and the put bbq on the other half.  We started it all off with the garlic cheese rolls. Think cinnamon roll only pimped out pizza style.  These were awesome and I'd recommend them to anybody.  The pizza is more of a neoploitan style with a thicker crust and made and served on a cookie sheet and cut in big squares.  They had a nice amount of toppings and cheese along with a tasty sauce and an excellent crust. The wings were cooked to perfection and served with a fair amount of celery and carrot sticks all with a really good quality blue cheese and/or Ranch dressing. Both styles were great but I thought the BBQ was outstanding. We quickly realized we could have easily gotten away with ordering 1 pizza and 1/2 the wings and had more then enough food. Our server was super cute and friendly and gave us great service so it made our visit even better.  All and all this was a great lunch selection and we were very happy.  I'm a big fan of getting off the strip and eating locally where the prices are better and the people are real.
After wanting to try this place forever we finally decided to give it a go.. After seeing it on TV & reading all the yelp reviews I couldn't wait! After going to the other location and waiting 20 minutes with nobody greeting us we decided to get up & give the other location a try.. The food was awesome, we got pizza, buffalo dip and fries all of it was bomb! Our server was trying her hardest but they could definitely use another server.. Will probably come back to this location but I would probably order it to go next time.
We were on Spring Break and my daughter calls from New Mexico asking us to try a place called Naked City Pizza that she just saw on Food Network Channel. So we thought we give it a try and boy we were in for a surprise. We had Poutine which we never had before and all I have to say is it's was to die for. We also ordered a full sheet of half pepperoni and cheese pizza that also was some good a$$ pizza. We also tried the Guinea Pie that was off the hook. This was the best tasting pizza we had in Las Vegas. I had to order some to fly back to NM to have my family try. They all agreed it was some kick a$$ pizza hot or cold. I plan on visiting again and will recommend this pizza place to friends and family who plan on visiting the 702!! Guy Fierro wasn't joking!!!
Got invited here by one of my chef friends and man it was good. I ordered the sicilian wings which were nothing but delicious and the Chicago pizza which was ok but thats just cuz I'm not a fan of so much peppers. But i also tried the sausage pizza and it was heaven. You wont try pizza like this any where else let me tell you.
Best in Vegas !!!!! We order almost everyday and everybody is super cool there the pizza is super tasty !
The pizza was sooo delicious!! $3 pepperoni pizza slices and two cannoli for $4. Looking for a good eat while in Vegas found this gem. Service was fast we ordered slices of pizza and were pleasantly surprised that they were about the size of a personal pizza. I would recommend anyone to stop by. I will definitely be back. Try this place you won't regret it.
Naked city had a quiet opening, snuggled next to the hofbrauhaus across from the hard rock casino. This area has been joe's pizza territory for a while. Well move on over joe's! 

Having been to naked city well over a handful of time since they opened, I've taken a break from joes and do not look to return. Food is the name of the game and naked city pizza plays it well. The menu features a range of items you'd expect from pizza places these days. Pizza, wings, pasta, burgers. How do you take something done a million times and still make it worth it to eat? You make it better, and that's simply what nc does. I can't speak for their plain or pepperoni pizza, which I'm sure is excellent. Naked city shines with its multiple specialty pizza, ranging from a great steak and cheese pizza with white garlic sauce, to meatball pizza and various other combinations. The pizza is freshly made in a timely manner and comes out with great flavors. No one part of a pizza there is better than the other, you'll find yourself enjoying every bite you take. 

Away from the pizza norms, nc has an excellent choice for wing lovers. Try the hot sicilian if you want a spicy kick with some excellent flavors! And if you really want some heat, check out the blazing suicide fries! Among the menu is also the ma burger, a heaping size of a burger that skips no shortcuts in the delicious category. And if you need a getaway to a land sweet and savory, grab yourself a cannoli for dessert. You'll thank me later!

Naked city is still settling in, but has been nothing short of great. Check it out and I'm sure you'll enjoy!
Visited for the second time recently. It was early on a Friday evening. Party of 4. We had 2 meatball parm subs, a pizza, and something else. The food all came out cold. It was horrible. The sandwiches were cold, had very little sauce on them, a few pieces of meat. The food comes out sporadically. One sandwich came out, then the pizza and a little whle later the other sandwich. All food was cold and not good. Was really disappointed. It was not a busy time of night. It was before the rush and there were few other people in the place. It took forever and was bad food. Never again.
Pizza by the slice was very good. I got the Back Home and pepperoni slices. Staff was friendly, and the local Weiss beer hit the spot.  Atmosphere was quite, but I was here during an off peck time; however the music selection was nice.
Garlic Buns: they look like garlic, cheese cinnamon buns; the filling is wrapped in the dough, then rolled into spirals and served with marinara. I didn't care for the sauce; it still had that "aluminum" taste (or maybe it's just me) that most places are able to mask a little better.

Pepperoni pizza: we ordered the 1/4 sheet, the smallest pizza they serve, and it was still a little too much for the two of us. I really liked the toppings and the crust; the crust was chewy, buttery, and soft, the pepperoni were insanely good and got that little bit of crisp around the edges. I almost bought some pepperoni to take home, but it was something insane, like $10 for a pint. Yikes.

The only tiff I had about the service was that the garlic buns and the pizza arrived within a moment of one another. I hate not having any time to enjoy my appetizer before my entree comes. It takes away from the appetizer. Everything was good, but not great. 

Pros:
Cost effective. 
Good pizza. 

Cons: 
The furniture was a bit wobbly?
They have just about all the ingredients to be a success. Menu is great, they promote local breweries and the staff is friendly. The location is a little questionable. I am rooting that they can overcome that problem. It is clear that they use top quality ingredients in their pizza. Cheese that is soft and gooey, tomato sauce that your grandmother would envy and sausage that is superior to any chain store. I would also recommend the Hamslaw sandwich. A good old fashioned hero that you wont find anywhere else. My only complaint was that the dishes do not come out together. The server brings them out one at a time and it is awkward to have entrees for half the party and wait for the rest. (I have seen this complaint on another review)
That should be easily corrected.
i saw the joint on Triple D a few years ago and decided to try it the next time i was in Vegas.  This weekend i was in Vegas and looked up the details.  I happen to see some negative reviews about the place so i called and spoke to the chef.  Satisfied that it was not terminal, i went to Paradise store with a buddy and ordered the Suicide Fries (OMG hot), two specialty pizzas and the Ma Burger.  Fries were too spicy for me to eat but tasty. The two specialty pizzas (chitown and the one featured on DDD, they were very very good.  The MA burger was insane and recommend it.  Give the place a try and ignore the negative postings.
Omg!wish I could give negative stars! Literally everyone who was in that restaurant just now looked just as pissed as me.thE food took FOREVER!!! From what my family got I mean...it was decent. ..just cuz I was starving....but I ordered a burger...I wish I could have an opinion about it but I never got it!!! The girl completely forgot and just said ohh sorry I thought I forgot something. they did nothing to.fix it! The food was fine but I would never come back due to the lack of attentiveness, horrific service and not to mention when I asked about the menu she had no clue..I'm done
WARNING: If you're a tourist who saw this place on "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives" and you are thinking about coming here, please think again.

NOTE: If you're a local and want to check this place out, please do so at your own peril.

The reason I make this distinction is that I saw a cab pull up with some diners, and I can only surmise that they were wary tourists who saw this place on "Triple D" and thought they'd try it out. If that's you, please save your cab fare (or at least spend it on a GOOD "Triple D" place, like Four Kegs) and go somewhere else. There are PLENTY of great restaurants in this city, but this ain't one of them.

I've never given a one-star review, and I'm sad to give this one, but it sure is warranted. My husband and I arrived around 6:15 on a Saturday. There was only one other table of customers, and we had to be somewhere by 8, so we thought we were in good shape. The waitress came by and took our order, and I should have known we were in trouble when it took us 10 minutes to get our first beers. I watched the waitress pour our drafts, and she was having a hard time with it. How hard is it to pour a draft?! And she brought them out one at a time, telling us she was "still pouring" the other one. (?!)

Then, we waited an hour to get our order: a "wee" portion of poutine and a "wee" Naked City pizza. I love poutine, but I'm not sure how mozzarella cheese and rosemary figure into the mix. Gravy on fries, yes, but the rest was just weird. And our pizza was certainly nothing to write home about. My husband is a professional cook, and he swears they used pre-packaged dough and canned or frozen toppings (pepperoni, sausage, and green olives). My palate is not that discerning, but I know a Tony's pizza knockoff when I taste it. SO disappointing!

The wait was annoying, but it also didn't help that I had an Entertainment book coupon that I was going to use on the poutine, and it wasn't applied to the bill. (A whopping $4 savings, but still...) We didn't get our food until 7:30 and we had to scram to make our engagement, so I didn't stick around to quibble over the bill. I also didn't stick around to eat much of the food, because it wasn't much worth it anyway. One piece of "pizza" and I was done. Thank God we only ordered a small...

The place filled up in the 90 minutes we were there, and I can only feel sorry for the other diners in the place -- especially the tourists who I hope don't judge our town by this sorry dining experience. I'm writing this review 9 hours later, and I just hope they're still not there waiting for their food...
Good poutine, good service, cheap greasy doughy pizza, really skimpy with toppings - that about sums it up, but keep reading if you feel like it. 

The poutine was pretty great and a steal for only $4 - fresh cut crispy fries with salty but good peppery gravy and generous amount of cheese. I could be wrong, but they seem to use mozzarella chunks, not cheese curds, which were also cold. The meal started out really well. Then came the pizzas...

We got small Guinea and Back Home Pies. Online pricing is wrong btw they were $13 each not $12, but even the wee size was pretty big. You can easily feed 2 with the wee because of how filling the super thick crust is. It was like an equally greasy, but not as crispy version of Pizza Hut pan pizza. 

They're really generous with the cheese, but stingy as hell with the toppings. This 2nd location recently opened, but don't believe the older pics from the Arville location or their online menu pics, it's super misleading. What they show on one slice is about what you get on half the pizza. The Guinea pie had MAYBE half a meatball on the entire thing, but was loaded with ricotta, mozzarella and spinach. Really dumb because the meatball is cheaper than the cheeses. The moisture from all that spinach also made the crust really soggy. The Guinea sounded awesome, but wasn't. The garlic white sauce also was extremely bland. 

Back Home was a little better - crust was super crispy in the beginning, but soggy after the first piece. Again, really generous with cheese, and short on sausage and pepperoni. It was better than the Guinea, but still not very good - soggy pretty quickly and literally dripping with grease. 

Service was great even though there was only 1 person doing the counter, phone orders and playing waitress. She was sweet and attentive. 

Also their tables are ridiculously small. Do not sit at a 2 top because the pizza pan takes up basically the entire table. They need to invest in the stands that most other pizza places have. 

I would return for take out on poutine and to try their loaded fries, and maybe the sandwiches. But I am not at all a fan of their pizza. I'd recommend this place if you're with a group and looking for value, but keep in mind that you're only filling up on bread and grease. I'd rather pay more for a smaller, better quality pizza.
Had been looking forward to eating there. Was greeted by the woman at the counter, shown to a table, waited 15min then told the wait for pizza was 40. Server offered to call ahead to other location while we drove. There was no call. See other review for part 2. Poor planning on a busy evening.
If I could give a higher rating I would! AMAZING pizza! I got the 51 and it was so good! I can't wait to go back for more! It's close to UNLV so I will be going for lunch all the time. The prices are great as well, large portions for a great price. I highly recommend Naked City Pizza, you will be very pleased!
Great to find a pizza place that doesn't have the typical, bland, pizza flavor. We started with the house salad which amazingly had spinach. The dressing was ultimate. Never tasted a dressing like that before. Already looking forward to the next visit. The pizza had a unique flavor and the toppings were fresh and tasty. Beef and sweet peppers on a delicious crust. Service is fast and pleasurable. Definitely the best pizza in the area. Easy parking too.
Great restaurant that not many people know about. Worth the drive. Cool owner with great prices. Can't beat it. As good as roscoes in LA.
Room For Improvement

Went to Sunny's Chicken and Fish Tuesday for a late lunch hoping service would be fast enough for me to catch the begin of the second half of Chelsea and West Bromich.  I was so hungry for a big lunch and something with some spices, the Pulled Chicken and Waffles with Honey BBQ wonderful the Waffle was satisfactory and and the pulled chicken was white meat chopped up.  

Wonderful idea for a restaurant being dead center of Lamb from Charleston and Sahara and the menu is very apropos for the community and with a menu that gives the chef Sunny a chance to more than satisfy the choosiest com-padre.
Excellent value!  Excellent fried chicken!  Fat rendered, skin crispy, well seasoned and cooked to order.  Sunny took my order and sold me with his personality.  I ordered the 12 Piece mixed, gizzards and fries for under 21$.  F the colonel, F Popeye.  This is where I buy chicken take out for my family from here on out.  Can't wait to try sunnys breaded wings.  Oh yea! Did I mention how clean his restaurant is?
CHICKEN AND FISH IS IN THE TITLE, YOU GOT ME THE DOOR WITH THAT ALONE! Sunny in the back cooking my chicken, a second plus. Albertson's potato salad, ok there's your first negative. What else you got? 
So a good friend and foodie told me and my boyfriend about a new east side spot that has chicken and waffles. He really didn't need to say more, we were in. 
Then I seen a 2pc chicken and waffle for under $4. WHAT IS THE CATCH? Sunny's is a cool addition to the east side with some solid fried chicken. I think there are still pretty new and have potential to be way more than what they are now. The sides like cole slaw, beans, and potato salad are store bought. But the batter on the chicken makes up for it. The waffle was decent as well. The hot sauce, not spicy.
My biggest complaint is the décor and smell. I know you are a new place but clean it up a bit. It smelled like urine or cleaning supplies trying to cover up a bad smell. 
I agree with all the other reviews, room for improvement, great value, decent food, and I am excited to see what's to come.
Chicken is super good, and the wings are delicious. The fries are perfectly seasoned and the staff is friendly. It's just a bit of a wait at times.
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(95/100) "Iraqi Style With A Bit Of Soul"

With the sad closing of Kathy's(AGAIN!) It left a huge hole in my fried chicken heart...:(
I saw pictures from Ty W. and immediately bookmarked this place. Not in the nicest part of town, but some pretty tasty bites can be found here!

Sunny and his wife are an Iraqi couple busting out their version of Soul Food in the Sunrise area of Las Vegas, and seems like they're doing pretty well. We were jonezing for some fried chicken, so I went straight for the 2-piece Chicken and Waffles($3.59), 
Wifey Got the 2-piece snack($3.99) which comes with a roll and fries. We also spied some fried chicken livers($3.29) so we tried those as well.

We didn't try any sides, but judging from Dyanna L.'s Review, I don't think their sides are made in house. The chicken and livers are pretty tasty and the waffle is made fresh(Syrup is standard Log Cabin , HFC stuff), so those are pretty solid selections if you do decide to give Sunny's a go. The seasoning on the chicken(same on the fries too, I think) may throw people off, and times be a little salty, and the bare bones place could use a solid cleaning, but people keep coming in and getting wings and chicken by the container full to go, and the price point here is not bad at all. 

In the meantime in between time, I'll keep searching, maybe return for some wings or gizzards!...:9  ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu  3.75

*Good service, tasty birds, and prices are a steal, but place could be cleaner...
Amazing is all I can say! Food quality and price are unbeatable! A must eat place if you are in the area!
Me and the wifey always drove by this place so we finally decided to check it out on the way home. Every time we drove by we always said the same thing. "Sunny's Chicken and Fish? Sounds good but the place looks kind of shady". Well folks, let me be the first one to tell you that it's not shady at all. We stopped by around 6:30 for dinner and never felt any safer. It's really not a shady place.

Now to the important stuff.  All I gotta say is get the Fried Catfish plus the Chicken n Waffles no matter what. 

The Catfish ($5.99) has two options. Southern, which is basically cajun, and Beer Battered. Both are very good.  The cajun style has a cornmeal/pepper spice to it while the beer battered option gives you the crispy coating with good flavor. Comes with fries which is also decent. I love both options because when you bite into either one, you can taste the flavor of the catfish and you can tell that it was freshly seasoned or battered right before getting dumped in the fryer. The freshness of the fish is evident in every bite. I know some places you might get that sandy, bottom of the ocean taste but here its non existent.

The Chicken n Waffles ($3.99). OMG. I dont know what it is exactly what it is that coats the chicken but damn, I could eat that by itself. While I was savoring that, I almost forgot that there was a waffle that came with it. By the end of the meal, it didnt matter what I was dipping in the syrup, it all tasted good put together. Oh, you also get some hot sauce too just in case the syrup is not your thing or if its simply not enough.

As for the comments on this place being not too attractive, I compare it to that nice, quiet, nerd type librarian with glasses and the hair tied up. Once you get to know them and they open up to you, they are actually very attractive with their rich personality. You know what they say. It's always the quiet ones that surprise you. 

Some random info. They take cards. There's no bathroom. At least there is a nice sink for you to wash your hands with after you are done licking your fingers from all the flavor.

So in closing, always have an open mind in trying things out for the first time especially when something seems sketchy. This place is a diamond in the rough, hole in the wall, etc. Whatever cliche you want, it fits. Will be back with lots of other people. As a matter of fact, I ordered more food to take home to my family and they loved it! Memo to Roscoe. You got some serious competition.

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #114 "Dont waffle on this place!"
The food is good, service not so much. I came in last night. I ordered an 8 piece hot fingers with fries and two two piece plain fingers with fries. When my order was ready the owner's wife only gave me three cups of ranch for 12 fingers total 4 of which they didn't use any of their sauce on. I asked for one more ranch and two barbecues. I was told I have to pay for extra dipping sauces. After some bickering I finally received the sauces and drove home. When I arrived home I discovered my 8 piece hot was missing 2 fingers. I drove back to Sunny's and informed them of what happened. This time Sunny looked at me like I ate two of the fingers before my return. I asked could I get some type of compensation for having to take my time to return because of their mistake. He told me I could get two more fingers or my money back. He made a point to let me know I was not gonna take advantage of him. I thought that was unprofessional. They took advantage of me when they shorted me two fingers.
I found this place thanks to Yelp! My husband and I wanted to go to a place with my Dad and it needed to be on his side of town. When I read the reviews, I knew we would love this place and I was right!

I ordered the Southern Fish with fries and Joel ordered the Chicken and Waffles. We both shared some chili cheese fries as well. The prices are great. For both of us, with drinks, it came out to under $20. My Dad ordered the same as me and spent under $6. You get several pieces of fish and the cornmeal breading is so full of flavor. I thought mine was great, but Joel's chicken... Wow! I wanted to rip it away from him. I wanted to order more chicken just for myself, but I was so full from the fish! His waffle was cooked crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. Now let's talk about those chili cheese fries. They came in a large to go container smothered in chili and cheese! What more could you ask for! YUMMY!

The only down side is that there is no bathroom, but they do have a sink so you can wash all the tasty goodness off in. Also, be prepared to wait 'cause they cook everything to order. Which is totally fine in my book! 

Yes, Sunny's, I will for sure be back for lots and lots of chicken!! What a great gem to have found! Thanks Yelp! You rock!
Great new place for fast soul food! Stopped by for the 1st time today and tried a 4 piece mix which came with a leg, thigh, wing and breast. The chicken was juicy and well seasoned but comes out super hot and fresh so be careful so you don't burn yourself! I'm assuming everything is made to order since the food takes a little while but nothing wrong with that! The food here is dirt cheap and my 4 piece was only $4.99! Will have to try the $3.59 chicken and waffles next time!  Not sure what kind of seasoning and hot sauce they use but it's tasty! Will definitely be coming back!
My husband discovered this place and he made me try it. They have the BEST chicken and waffles. You may see the building and think this place looks suspect but they have great food and customer service.  We place our order ahead and no wait.
Drove by this place a few times. Finally decided to yelp it and after reading all of the reviews I stopped in. I ordered the southern fried fish and fries and it was pretty good. The BF had wings and fries. Food is good and prices are decent.
Had their blazin hot wings and they are bomb!
Love it already!  Had to go on the grand opening as we'd been anxious for this BW's to open since we first saw the sign that it was coming!  They were BUSY at 11AM and they didn't miss a single beat!  Servers were friendly, smiling, attentive, and seemed genuinely excited to be there! The vibe is awesome there, the layout with the TV's and decorations were excellent. Every other restaurant in this building has closed within the first couple of years, however I'm betting with this Buffalo being here, they're in for the long haul! Keep up the excellent work, we look forward to coming back! :)
this was the worst experience I've ever had at a place that calls themselves a bar!! we went in and tried to to order shots and they told us shots or drinks not both . and the food we ordered tasted like salt and grease!!!
Pretty rough first attempt here. No silverware. Mediocre service. Asked for water three times before we got it. Sure it will get better as it is a new place but pretty rough thus far.
one word: disappointing!

My boyfriend and I were excited to see that this location was opening as we frequent the BWW at the pavilions quite often.  However after our experience tonight, we will be driving the extra few miles to the pavilions BWW.

Service started out great and our server was very attentive.  I ordered a wrap and my boyfriend ordered the CRISPY buffalo chicken ranch sandwich.  However, we were brought over 2 wraps.  My boyfriend informed our server that he had ordered a sandwich and not a wrap and our server said it would be right out.  About 10 minutes later, my boyfriend was brought a GRILLED buffalo chicken ranch sandwich.  He informed our server that his order was still incorrect and our server insisted that he entered a crispy chicken sandwich in the computer.  After a minute, he came back with the sandwich and said that they were OUT of crispy chicken and that's why he got grilled chicken.  How do you run out of crispy chicken?  I think that showed us that their chicken is FROZEN and NOT fresh.

After apologizing, the server told my boyfriend to order whatever he would like and that he would be taken care of.  He ended up ordering some boneless wings and fries with cheese and bacon.  The food finally came out (mind you I had been done with my food for 30 minutes) and the fries had a piece of SLICED cheese (think Kraft American singles) "melted" on top of it!  It was unbelievable but at that point we just wanted to be done with the whole experience so we did not say anything.

We finally got our bill and when our server said that we would be taken "care of" what he really meant was that they would take off the 2 incorrect items (the wrap and the grilled chicken sandwich) that my boyfriend received.  I don't know about you, but when I go to a restaurant and I get the incorrect item that I send back, it is GUARANTEED that I will not be charged for it.   Should I have thanked him for taking off the items that we never ordered in the first place?

I also would like to point out that my boyfriend ordered 4 beers during the course of our meal since his food took so long to come out.  I could not believe that they couldn't even comp him a beer.  We don't go around looking for free meals, but the service and experience at this BWW was totally disappointing and we will NOT be returning.

We ended up paying $50 for a terrible experience and we will NOT return.   I understand a new restaurant will have kinks that they need to work out.  However, I do not understand not even attempting to satisfy the guest or make their experience a little better.
Food was delivered wrong and cold. I know this place is new and is going to have growing pains but. ... Lots of employees wanting to seat you and no paper towels in bathroom and trash can full? ???? Staff tried to be nice but is obviously more interested in customers money than great service or food. After speaking to manager who said thank you for complaint but never offered apology. Seems customer relations training is in order. I have been to lots of Buffalo wild wings and this is not the top notch service that I am accustomed to. Also they need to keep in mind when hiring staff there are two bars with mediocre food and service within 1/4 mile with more attractive employees.
Nothing to complain about at good ole BWW. This new location has a different layout with a wrap around bar which looks like a kitchen top counter. The bartenders on this weeknight were not very busy, so we got to chat and Jenn was very talkative and nice. They had $3.75 Coors biggies and soon enough 10pm reverse happy hour rolled around and they had $3.00 Bud Light biggies. I just wish they had a better happy hour menu or more choices or discounts on real food. I did try the chicken wrap, grilled, but should have had the pieces tossed in sauce, instead of spices, which I could not taste. Jenn did get me more spices though and the wrap with chips/salsa as a side hit the spot, but was just middle of the road in the wrap world. Huge big screen TV dead center too, so this place should do fine as usual. Better to go when less folks are there in my opinion.
Quality service, as good of wings/beer as anyone around and a great patio with extra shopping options.
Beware the extra 60 cents charge for ranch dressing those wings. Not even on the menu. Staff was attentive and food and drink great!
I was happy when this location opened cause I enjoy a lot of the other locations, although, this place definitely needs to work out those new restaurant kinks first before I will find myself visiting again.

The food was good as usual, exactly what I expected from visiting the other locations. Good wings, wraps, sauces, etc. Prices are decent, great happy hour, etc. No complaints in any of those departments. Basically the food alone and the great atmosphere gives this place 3 stars.

However, when it comes to the service, well, that is also why I am only giving this place three stars. The service is slow, everyone seems confused, and no one seems to be able to remember something more than 10 seconds. We sat outside cause it was a beautiful day weatherwise, everyone else seemed to agree cause the inside was fairly empty. There was plenty of staff, but it still took way too long to even be greeted with a drink order, then the drinks took a while on top of that. Once we ordered the food, it did come quickly, but one meal was missing it's side, and when we asked for extra ranch, that took about 15 more minutes to get. The missing side didn't even show up till everyone was done eating, which was also after reminding our waitress two more times about it. 

I will probably visit this place again, but not anytime soon. Just be warned, if you plan on going here, the service is not up to par yet with the other B-Dub locations in the valley.
Poor service ask for water 3 times and never got it.they charge extra for ranch dressing 60 cents so be careful. had 3 different types of wings Ultra one in one basket and could not tell which was which. they need a lot more staff training , would not return for at least 6 months.
I will echo the other reviews that service is slow and painful here. We waited about 35-40 minutes for an order that would have taken 10 at any other Bdubs. The poor waiter was not even apologetic until we handed him payment. Food was as good as any other location, but the service made the meal barely worth it.
All good at bww!!! Great food great service fast and accurate! !! First trip here was not good but this time was great. Thank you! !!
I always get the Buffalitos and they never disappoint. My favorite are the Honey BBQ buffalitos, but I got the Caribbean Jerk this time and they were a good substitute with a bit more of a kick.
Went in around 11pm on a Saturday night and this place wasn't very busy. Our server only had one table (ours) and completely disappointed us. We ordered a couple of beers and took about 10-15 minutes to get them to our table. Then we ordered the snack size wings for me and the buffalo grilled cheese for my husband. When we got our food (which took longer than should have for only being about 5 tables in the entire restaurant) I noticed that I only had 4 wings in my basket when the menu specifically says "at least 5" for the snack size. So I asked the server politely about it, because I understand it's not always the servers fault. He responded saying "on really? Well the number changes every week."... Then why does your menu say "at least 5"? He then told me he would get me another one. As for my husbands food, it was cold right off the bat, and only had a few small pieces of chicken. Time went by and we finished eating what we had. Our server brought our bill and I never did receive that last wing. Pretty disappointing service for being his only table. I can only image what he's like with a full section. I wouldn't have minded if he had just told me that they were out of wings for the night (if that were the case) by laziness doesn't fly in my book. 

Ps. I gave this place 2 stars because it was the nicest bww I've been in so far. But that's not all you need to make a good restaurant. Hire some hard workers, Buffalo!
The happy hour was good on the drinks and appetizers for $3. And during happy hour, the boneless wings were 60 cents. But that's probably the highlight of the place when it came to wings!

The rest of the wings were pricey. Around $6 for 5 wings? Really? Yes I know you have sauces (let me tell it's pretty mediocre) and you have the giant TVs but I can't really seeing myself paying for that much for wings.

I would go there for the $3 menu and 60 cent boneless if you are into the boneless stuff. Go somewhere else for tastier and cheaper wings.
Update: We decided to try this place out again and we're glad we did!  Our server, Nick, was awesome.  There was a small service goof but it was quickly taken care of the correct way.  We have high hopes that they've worked out all the wrinkles and we'll be returning.
The place opened about 2 months ago waited for to get the bugs out so I came here with husband and son  the food was really good  had wings , sliders , chicken strips and salad   Placed order at 1225 took 20 mins. And the place wasn't even half full about 35 40 percent.   Can you imagine if it was 75 % full cause of a game plan on a hour wait.   Place is nice TVs every where so if you want to watch a game you can see it every where you sit.
Dude! Who the hell charges $9 for a friggin caesar salad with nothing but a dab of croutons, and less less than a full chicken breast! My salad sure didn't look like the one on your website #fail

https://imgur.com/2St7MWm

Can I at least get some vaseline with your overpriced salad? A cigarette perhaps? Maybe even some cuddle time?

Now how about!?
We came here for lunch on a Thursday. The place wasn't very busy but service was so slow. it took nearly 45 minutes from when we arrived until we received our food.  otherwise the service was pretty good.  My drink was never empty and the staff punched our lunch cards extra and apologized for the wait. 
I got the boneless wings and they were just mediocre. My fries were a little cooler than I would have liked.

Overall, it's not the worst place to go for lunch.
I visit this place whenever I have cravings for wings. Traditional, bone-in is what I always order.  The taste exceptional and variety of sauces all taste good.  This is the extent of my review. 

Service: Slow and almost nonexistent.

Price vs. Value:  As another reviewer stated, a $9 salad is way out of line. Wings are also priced at a premium compared to other places;  one can pay more than $11 for a plate of 10 wings if ordered with usual condiments like carrots and celery sticks. If one adds either fries or onion rings + a soft drink,  now the bill comes close to $20 per person.

Orders are frequently wrong or items missing.

As I stated, I only go there because I like the taste of their wings. I tune out all other elements.
Quest for Wing Perfection 
 In the mess of pizza delivery joints, dive bars, fast food drive-thrus, and chain restaurants, the search for a quality chicken wing can be arduous, fruitless, and downright frustrating at times. Something about delivering a high-grade hot wing poses a curveball to many respectable establishments. In the greater Phoenix area, restaurants that make an admirable chicken wing are few and far between. Buffalo Wild Wings stands out from the crowd in this age of chicken wing mediocrity as it provides customers with first-rate service, inviting atmosphere, delicious food, and most importantly the best chicken wings offered in the state. Whether it be a family gathering, business oriented lunch date, solo outing, or a meet-up spot to watch the game, Buffalo Wild Wings is always the right call.
Food is not the only great thing at Buffalo Wild Wings, the service and atmosphere is awesome as well. Inside the restaurant you will find a friendly waitstaff ready to guide you on your American cuisine endeavor. Upon entering the restaurant I was greeted by a friendly hostess who quickly escorted me to a booth while handing me a menu and rattling off the daily specials. Shortly after being seated, our waiter arrived and introduced himself as James. With a quick greeting and friendly smile he took our drink orders and hustled off to fulfill them. Throughout the meal he was there to refill the beverages, grab sides of ranch, and drop off extra napkins. He even made a point to continuously check on my table and assist any others needs necessary. James provided the perfect balance of service without lingering or disrupting the ongoing conversation.  The surroundings in the restaurant are just as good as the food and service. The booth my girlfriend and I sat in was very comfortable and private, which was a pleasant surprise. From my seat I counted over 30 televisions I could watch comfortably, making Buffalo Wild Wings the perfect spot so settle down and watch the sporting event of your choosing. The great staff and impressive atmosphere make Buffalo Wild Wings a great place to relax and spend a couple hours inside. 
When it came time to order my girlfriend and I chose to split an order of jalapeo poppers and a large order of wings. We elected to order half of the wings medium buffalo and half parmesan garlic. The poppers arrived relatively quickly and were very tasty indeed. The crisp breading coupled with the cheddar-stuffed jalapeno made for a flavorful combination that left me wanting more.  The poppers were a great way to start the meal off right and whet my appetite. When the star of the show arrived things seemed to get quiet for a moment as James set down the two heaping baskets of delicious chicken wings. The parmesan garlic wings had a creamy and rich flavor that reminded me of an Italian pasta dish. The parmesan garlic wings were very flavorful and a nice break when the heat of the medium buffalo became unbearable. The real star of the show, the medium buffalo wings, outshined all other aspects of the meal. 
Making a truly great buffalo wing is quite the tall order. The perfect hot wing is an often replicated but rarely duplicated American classic that is appropriate for almost any occasion. An ideal buffalo wing has a tangy sauce with a nice amount of spice, but not a mind-blowing, taste bud incinerating level of heat. It has to be meaty and cooked to perfection, which means no dry or uncooked regions of the wing.  It must have a crispy outer coating without feeling like it was battered and deep-fried or drenched in flour.  Lastly, the wing must be sweet without leaving the consumer with a sugary aftertaste in their mouth like they just ate a piece of candy. I'm not sure if this was the criteria that Buffalo Wild Wings set forth to meet, but I do know their wings are all of these things and so much more. They are unquestionably the best wings I have ever eaten at a restaurant.
I left Buffalo Wild Wings with a full stomach and feeling of content. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a great place to enjoy some terrific food. Buffalo Wild Wings is truly one of my favorite restaurants in the valley and I plan on returning in the near future.
I wasn't happy at all with the service. I asked the waiter for ranch and he did not bring any. So I ended up asking another waiter for ranch. Still didn't get anything. I asked my waiter again for ranch and he finally gave me some. I know BWW gets really busy inside but the service needs to be more efficient. I will not go back
This is an audio visual extravaganza, one that will wow your senses.
Over a gozillion flat-screens complimented by their piece de resistance; a fifty-foot* flat-screen at the head of the bar. 
The other thing I quickly noticed is how bright the lighting is, making a good pair of beer goggles nearly impossible to obtain. 

The wings are, well, wings. 
What separates BWW from other wing joints is their many sauce features. My personal favorite is the mango habanero. It's spicy alright, but the flavor. 
The flavor is if Venus herself wandered into a chile patch, gobbled down several scotch bonnets, then nursed you with her chile-infused milk.
Holy shit are these things good. Hot, but good.

Another little feature is their blazing wing challenge.
This is where some guy comes out of the back dressed as famous oil well extinguisher 'Boots' Hansen, and just after serving your wings, sets off a major explosion in your mouth hoping to 'cap-off' your fire.
They do give you a t-shirt for your trouble (and tears) so it's all good.

Be forewarned!
The next day is a motherfucker if you do take the challenge.
I got pretty sick, but in fairness to BWW, I was never really sure if it was the blazing challenge, or, the fact that I spent the night passed-out in the Walmart parking lot huffing generator fumes from the Insane Clown Posse's tour bus.

I never liked those guys. Did they ever have a hit single?
And why on earth do they have a cool tour bus?

*not really fifty, but it's major big
Went here for lunch with some friends that picked the restaurant.  They had been here before.  This was my first time at this location but had been to others on Sundays for football.  The whole atmosphere changes for weekday lunch.  I had the Black and Blue burger.  No choice in how it is cooked but it was juicy and quite tasty.  Food came out quickly and we were checked on frequently and our iced teas were kept filled.  If asked I would not hesitate to have a weekday lunch here again.
Usually go here for take out, I work down the street. Very clean, service is fast and courteous
I eat at BW-3 quite a bit since I have been eating there since I was 18 in Ohio.  I do like the company as a whole. food is good. A bit more pricey than I would like, but I go anyway. The reason they didn't get 5 stars is because after going there at lease 1 time a week since opening, the food doesn't always come out hot. Some of the wait staff are either really good or really bad. The inconsistency is what is the issue and with a few changes they can be stellar. The place is always clean. Bathrooms for the volume are in good shape. But its the front line people. The kitchen can have the food up and they are busy talking on the floor.  They have a good happy hour and a lot of good specials during the week. The TV's are awesome. But they have to agree on a volume. If i am going to the restaurant, I don't want to have to fight over the volume. this has only happened a few times.

Bottomline, I love B-dubbs and want them to succeed. I will continue to go there, and you should too. Just a few minor adjustments.
Having eaten at a Buffalo Wild Wings in Philadelphia, I just assumed that the quality would be the same here in Arizona. The food in Philly was pretty good for a sports themed restaurant. Unfortunately, it is not nearly as good here in Scottsdale. My wife and I decided to stop in and watch the World Cup and have lunch. The quality of the television picture was good the food not so much. We ordered the Ultimate Nachos with chicken and an order of fries. The server asked if we wanted the one pound or three pound basket of fries. I said one pound is more than enough. Again, you just can't assume things. The food came and the fries were in a small cardboard tray. If they were a pound, I am going to be the next King of England. Now on to the nachos. The chicken which there wasn't much of was small colorless tasteless pieces sparsely spread on top of the chips. The chips had some cheese on top and very little to none on the chips toward the bottom of the dish. There was no chili to be found. After a taste or two each we sent the nachos back. We asked for our check as we didn't feel like doing any further sampling of this location's menu. We came, we sampled, we won't be back.
Restaurants should be rewarded for taking care of business and having good employees.  I arrived 10 mins before lunch hr was over but had to go to the cox store. I walked in an Tamara the host helped me. I asked if I could order my lunch so I can get the lunch special but run to cox quick. I hate missing the lunch special. She honored my order. I came back an the food came out 5 mins later. Kudos. Thank you Tamara!
When it comes to BWW, I expect the same mediocre experience every time.  Inattentive wait staff, noise, and adequate food.  Well, fellow Scottsdaleians... I was proved wrong.  Walk into this BWW unlike any other and there are a countless number of TV's plastered on the wall.  Be greeted by the hostesses up front and welcome yourself into the bar area of bliss.  Seating is plentiful and this was the best BWW experience I have ever had.  I don't have one complaint!  We were both in shock over how amazing the service was here.  We stuck to the lunch combos on this one.  They were very happy and willing to put extra toppings on the fries (queso, medium sace, and bacon bits) at an extra charge.  They have awesome tablets to play trivia on instead of those grimy 1990's looking keyboards.  We have found our new BWW and glad to say it's one of the best!
First time at this location, got take out and everything food-wise was consistent with any other location I have been to, I was picking up take out.  The number of televisions was pretty amazing - no empty wall space at all here.  The set up is a lot different with no counter order area right at the entrance, instead they have a hostess stand.  Still very sports bar-ish but with more of a restaurant look/feel.
Awesome!!! Great food!!! Added bonus today... we got to enjoy the pre-opening!  Met the top management, new staff and some corporate members, every single person there wad top notch, friendly & helpful!!!
I passed by here on the way to Winco and noticed this place is open now.  There's a drive thru and you can take your order to go or you can dine in. The prices are reasonable. I ordered an 8 piece meal which came with 8 pieces of chicken 1 large side and four biscuits just under $15. The chicken only is $10.39.  Got the mild flavor for Mr B. I tasted one wing and my thoughts are its okay nothing special. They don't measure up to the ones I get over at Johnny Mac's that's for sure.  I like the skin though it had a nice  crunch a slight garlic taste to it. The biscuits are pretty good.  Buttery. The potatoes with gravy is good. My family likes it. I'm a fan of their sweet tea though!

Service wise, everybody is still green. There was a slight confusion with my order. I was given a receipt and the number on cash receipt is different from the number for the chicken order that the cashier never handed to me. So I waited there for a while because number I had wasn't being called until they figured  out 5 minutes later.  

Parking lot is really small. On the drive thru side there's only one way to get out. It could be a pain in the butt trying to get out of there when it's really busy.

For the price value of the meals and for the convenience it's great for families.

Note: Lobby closes  and stops taking orders at 10pm but you can still get fried chicken till 11pm when you take your car through the drive-thru window.
So I know what you are thinking Popeyes 
Freaking Popeyes really Popeyes ... Yes Popeyes
Did he lose his mind ?!? No. Is he back on that stuff? Maybe

Ok ok you're going to have to trust your boy
On this one 

Get the spicy chicken it's their signature dish
If u can't eat spicy DON'T go to Popeyes 

The sides are the clincher 
Cajun fries
Red beans and rice 
Biscuits
That's all I can vouch for 
But I bet the other sides are great as well

This is the most IMPORTANT part
I've eaten at other Popeyes in
Vegas and Hendo and all of them
EXCEPT this one stink 

I repeat this is the only Popeyes 
Only Popeyes I recommend
Food was really good,  I've been to other Popeyes and was nOt impressed but this one just may change my mind...it will take more than one visit to determine that. I do wish there was a menu prior to the order menu in the drive thru, just because I'm not familiar with their menu and felt rushed once I was at the order menu. Also I given my box of food....no bag just my box of food which I thought was weird, would've liked a bag to carry my food from my car back to work (along with my purse, drink and other stuff).... and no straw for my drink (that's always annoying) but food wAs good so next time I'll walk in and check it out
Well, the food is delicious. Not exactly what I  ordered but close enough. 

So, I can't tell ya how the Cajun rice is but the beans and rice are quite good. 

The biscuits could be baked a little longer.

But I gotta say this crew was giving it their all. 

These kids cared damn it. They moved with a purpose! Maybe there is hope for this generation?? Maybe? 

I worked at Popeyes in high school for approximately 2 days-Bless their young, hard working hearts! 

And God Bless Popeyes!
We needed something like this to open here. The Wendy's next door has lousy customer service and wait time for food was ridiculous . Wendy's is now paying the price and popeyes is thriving . With that said , popeyes is the bomb . Try their waffle chicken it's great .
I am very pleased to see more and more different places for me to choose from in my neighborhood. 

I love Popeyes and my favorite would have to be the spicy chicken and mashed potato & gravy.

The employees were super friendly and the place was very clean!
Fail... pissed me off lst night. They were lazy and tried not to mke more chicken at the end of the night! Which just ended up putting them in the weeds when they got a rush. The 6 of purchasing chicken ended up waiting 20 mins or more for some damn chicken. They even got some of the others people order wrong. And tell your staff to not hang out when you clock out and chit chat with the others who are still on the clock and trade cookies and crap!
I was craving some wings and since I was in the area decided to give what I thought was Wing King another chance.  Brian was not there so that did seem odd but I was going to place my order anyway.  I mean even owners take the day off occasionally.  Then the gentleman taking my order mentioned they had only been opened for a couple of weeks and I thought, wait, where am I?!?  Lol.  Turns out Brian is gone.  Looking at his facebook it appears that he will be opening in another location.  Price wise it's about the same as other wing locations in town.  I got the lemon pepper and honey bbq.  Usually lemon pepper is my favorite and my go to but in this case I really liked the honey bbq and would order it again.  

They offer 15 flavors of wings but the new owner said there would be more.  So that is a major difference between Wing King and this new spot.  The Wing King menu had 60 flavors and offered dessert.  They don't currently offer dessert so the yelp check in won't be honored.  I have to take away one star because they could be more generous with the ranch and the blue cheese.  I ordered the 30 piece and it came with two containers and that was enough for a 15 piece but not 30.
Great wings yummy flavor interesting menu cool service a little bit if an odd location but niffty :)
The tall younger boy was especially nice. He suggested the bourbon and teriyaki  wings which were awesome. Can t wait to go back.
Great customer service!! And the sauces and wings....on point!! Had the tequila lime and the DC famous mumbo. Definitely going back to try the rest of the flavors. The house dressing is real good too!! Gracias Armando!!
My family and I were craving chicken wings and we saw 702 wing spot and we decide to go try it out. We liked how they have so many favors to choose from we got medium, parmesan garlic and honey bbq and they were really good and the fries were great! The people were really nice especially the young guy. we were very pleased.
Was feenin some Jamaican Slam Wings and Sweet Chili Glazed Fries so off I went to the one place that satisfies my craving. Wing King. *Record scratch. Huh? This aint Wing King!

Apparently, its a whole new owner and he named it 702 Wing Spot. Now being the open minded Yelper that I am I was more than willing to give these guys a spin.

What I got was the Rat Pack ($9.99). You get one sauce for 10 pieces of wings, fries, and a drink. I wanted to play it safe so I got just honey barbeque.

When they brought out my order, it was only 9 wings and they noticed it as soon as they put it down in front of me. They said to just go ahead and start eating and they will bring out the other piece. At first I was thinking that this was a bad first impression. But about 5 minutes later they brought out 3 pieces because they felt bad about their mistake. I was impressed. 

As for the wings, not bad. Not bad at all. I think I will go for more bolder sauces next time like Mango Habanero. The fries were sprinkled with some type of cajun spices which made it pretty good. Not as good as sweet chili glazed fries but good nonetheless. Lastly, you get a 12 ounce can of soda. Not a bad deal for 10 bucks.

As a bonus, when you check in you get a free dessert! At that time, not all the desserts were available because he just opened so I ended up going with the cheesecake on a stick which normally sells for $3.99. If you refer to my pic, it is a nice sized goodie for you guys with a sweet tooth! It had a rich taste to it just like how a good cheesecake should be.

Originally I was gonna give them 4 stars but the service more than made up for that supposedly bad first impression. I like these guys. A bit different than Wing King but I am more than happy to recommend these them. For those that are not familiar with this place, they are located in a strip mall kind of setting with other food joints of different ethnicity. Dont let the appearance fool you for the good food and service will have you coming back!

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #161